user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,414700,31360855,Posted: 25 April,all,Cygi,Fun Christian game for kids
,Recommended,414700,32238681,Posted: 7 June,all,Aris_Gate-4,The game is fine and good but it is a chase simulator. (Outlast 1 is better)7/10
76561198084051373,Recommended,414700,31352611,Posted: 25 April,all,Blaze it 𝖌𝖆𝖇𝖇𝖆,its like the first OUTLAST but..with better+Graphics+Voice acting+Scares+Writing+Improved mechanics+added mechanics+music+lorebut wheres the bloody FOV changer at?
,Recommended,414700,31459079,Posted: 30 April,all,.Frost.,"Outlast 2 is good, but not great.I feel Outlast 2 was trying to reinvent itself, so not to ruin the first Outlast experience. Where they succeeded in some areas, they failed in others. The graphics, sound and new environment are great, but sadly the story is a let down. It's abstract way of tying in the first game is disappointing. The new AI is very unforgiving and certainly much harder than the first game. This can be a good thing for a challenge, but I think new comers and even seasoned veterans of the first game, will tire of dying over and over. Some spots in the game are made so you do die, just to show off some ""violent death scene"". Personally the tension is lost, when you are just getting angry from dying so much and are stuck facing the same annoying monster. I found Outlast 1 had similiar issues in maybe a couple of spots, but Outlast 2 has a lot more of these areas where it becomes mundane and boring.The other main issue is the fact that this seems a much more of a run to each area and not really enjoying your surrounds as much as the first game. There seems to be less to do (i.e. puzzles or objectives) and you basically just run from area to area, sometimes being chased, sometimes not. I did enjoy the open area map and certainly there was some tense moments but the scares were not as good as Outlast 1. It seems Red Barrels was trying to distance itself from the first game, to try out new ideas and new art design, which is fine and there is plenty of good art and typical Outlast violence and gore. But overall it lacks what the original did so well.I am hoping they do release a DLC for Outlast 2, to try and sum up the story, as it did end quite dramatically and personally I feel there is a lot of unanswered questions, more so than the first game.  I am happy to give this a positive review for what the game is and I did have a good time playing it, but I would certainly wait for a 50% sale, as it is not worth full price.I'll give this 3 out of 5 Beers.Cheers,Frost"
,Recommended,414700,31355061,Posted: 25 April,all,Mdy,Very scary.So far i spent more time looking at the pause menu than actually playing the game.10/10 would pause again :D
76561198036105823,Not Recommended,414700,32587238,Posted: 20 June,all,Rem,"TL:DR: If you liked the first outlast for it's stealth sections this game probably isn't for you. Too much running around.I'll start by mentioning what is good about this game and then delve into the reason why I would not recommend it.This game is absolutely beautiful with an interesting soundtrack and amazing attention to detail. They did an amazing job when setting this game up to be a proper successor to the first Outlast game. From the moment you start playing the atmosphere hits you upside the head from the subtle music queues to the dreary setting, everything is perfectly in place to make you feel that excellent sense of dread.Unfortunately I didn't get this feeling from this game. Where the first Outlast game had a constant sense of nervousness and uncertainty, this game replaces with mainly frustration. Your sense of fear and dread fades early on and if you're anything like me you'll get annoyed fast. There was a much larger emphasis placed on stealth in the first game and although there were some improvements made to the stealth system in Outlast 2 there were far too many scripted events where your character gets discovered and you have to run. This is also combined with unclear paths or small exits that are easy to miss, so I got frustrated easily while playing this game and never actually got to finish it. There is so much running in this game that I often just stopped playing because I was feeling physically tired because it would sometimes take me 15 minutes to find the one small window that I needed to jump through or crawl under. Unfortunately as a player and in real life too I'm not good at looking for things unless I at least have an idea of what I'm looking for so there were some points where I wasn't able to progress unless I looked up a playthrough to find the small hole in the corner of the screen that I had to find while being chased by an incredibly fast enemy or a horde of incredibly slow enemies.This issue with the running around may not sound like much but in a horror game building up your atmosphere is key to that psychological horror that this series is known for. If you spend 60% of your time running in circles that initial adrenaline from getting discovered falls hard and your body responds as such by getting tired and you, the player, feeling apathetic. In a good horror game you're normally catching your breath at times like these but in this game I would stop getting scared and just be running at this point so I was tired, not scared, and still running; I couldn't find whatever exit I was looking for and getting very annoyed. The reason the first Outlast succeeds where this one fails is the sequences where you have to run are organically created. The player may fail and get spotted by an enemy which will prompt them to run. The fear that has been building up releases at this point as the music picks up which causes the player to get more frightened and leads to a short chase sequence where the player either gets away or dies, both resulting in the player getting to catch their breath and think about their situation.Take Alien Isolation as another example. The player has to get out of a situation that is unwinnable. You're sneaking around a ship with a killer alien on board. If you don't hide well, you die hard. The best horror game doesn't just create an atmosphere. It creates an environment where the player works themselves up. When a horror game is set up well the player will be the one causing themselves the most fear.I would not recommend this game if you liked the first Outlast, but if you like running A LOT then this game should be fine for you."
,Not Recommended,414700,31406690,Posted: 27 April,all,ChaseFace,"I was REALLY excited to play this game when it was done downloading. I'm a huge fan of Outlast 1 and horror games in general so I was looking forward to getting the♥♥♥♥♥♥scared out of me. I was disappointed with the final product and I've made some semi-coherent points about why it didn't succeed as well as it could have.Very mild spoilers ahead - nothing that will ruin the game for you.The enemies are much smarter than in the previous game, so much so that they're borderline psychic. This seems great at first, but eventually makes the game feel a bit rigged. I played on Normal mode and it felt like the enemies were jacked up in difficulty. I'd get seen by an enemy, I'd run into a basement and hide. He'd investigate to see where I am, I'd hide, he'd leave, and then as I try to leave again he'd see me with his flashlight and come back, forcing me to wait again. Rinse and repeat.The game doesn't reward stealth gameplay. I've watched LetsPlays of people who just charge through and have much better results than me: someone who's trying to exercise caution in a village surrounded by psychopaths that frequently make a beeline for the player before killing them in a corner.I remember in the first game there was a really great scripted chase sequence that leads to you meeting Dr. Trager, a really great character. I hope you liked that scripted chase sequence because there are about 20 of them SHOVED in your face by the end of the game and it loses its appeal incredibly quickly.I was hoping for more stealth gameplay, since the moments in the game where you hide and hope an enemy goes away were VERY scary. A great gameplay mechanic is when you have to hide in a barrel - you can kind of see through some holes in the metal and if you pop up to get a clear look you risk being seen. Same with water and water-filled barrels - you need to surface to avoid drowning so there's this great tension of ""I'll die if I don't look but I might get caught if I do, so I'm just gonna risk it and look."" Once time I did this and an enemy was directly in front of me with his back turned - a *really* close call.But the thing about stealth that's so much scarier than running from a pre-determined chase sequence is this: when I'm sneaking around enemies, it's scary knowing I could get caught and killed; the scary music will come back, the enemy will continue hitting me and obscuring my vision, and it generally won't be fun.When the game throws you into a bunch of enemies screaming at you while you run away, the worst has happened; you've been caught, now you have to run and try to survive. The tension has been removed, it's just chaos and loud noises. There's no subtlety. It would be much scarier if, after a chase sequence, instead of the music vanishing and the game saying ""k you're safe,"" if you had to lay low for a minute or two while the enemy loses sight of you and then wanders off- that would be much less mechanical and abrupt than just sequeing into normal gameplay again.When you're forced to run from something and you don't have the option to hide, you become aware of ""okay I'm currently being chased,"" and as soon as you run into a cave and the rocks crumble behind you, thereby ending the chase, you think ""okay I'm no longer being chased."" There's no sense of relief that comes from losing your pursuers because you know there's just going to be another scripted chase scene around the corner.One thing I REALLY like is the ability to lock doors behind you, and it's funny to imagine the enemies in Outlast 1 were so stupid that they had to ram down an unlocked door. If you forget to lock them, enemies will just open the door without thinking about it, and if you close a door behind you as you're being pursued, you'll freak out a little bit as you try to press the ""lock"" button before the enemy beats you to it. There's a bit in which you're trying to sneak past a bit brute: normally enemies will ram a door 3-5 times before the lock breaks, but this dude rams the door ONCE and crushes it open, which really freaked me out as I realized this guy was seriously going to destroy me if he got close.Another cool detail is that enemies can now pursue you in a variety of ways. In Outlast 1, once you jumped across a ledge or crawled under an obstacle you knew the enemy wouldn't be able to follow you, likely because the game's AI wasn't developed-enough to handle it - you knew you were safe because the enemies were stupid. In this game, enemies can crawl after you, which may not be a massive deal, but that feeling of ""oh this guy can't get me because I crawled through this hole"" is shattered once you realize the enemies have gotten a lot smarter and will follow you extensively in order to kill you.The worst part of the game is these weird flashback/hallucinations about your old Catholic middle school and your high school friend named Jessica being dead. There's a lot of forced images of Jessica hanging from a noose - the only documents you see throughout these dream sections are some papers with the ""Hangman"" game drawn on them. Ominous phrases like ""I'll never let you go"" and ""Jessica Loves Blake"" will be thrown in there with seemingly no relevance to the story. Eventually the dream sequences get a monster that chases you in a straight line and then despawns once you get far enough or open a door, which was definitely an improvement, but nothing ruined my fun more than opening a door and seeing the game transition into the school hallways, knowing I was about to be bored and confused.The problem with these segments is that they occur WAY too frequently. I want to say they happen roughly 12 times throughout the game, maybe as an attempt to compensate for the intense pace of the chase sequences by offering what the game developers thought was ""a creepy, slow-paced atmosphere."" If that isn't enough, the dreams regularly show a creepy priest following around Jessica. Anyone with a brain knows that a Catholic priest being creepy around children has a very strong implication behind it, but then as the game is wrapping up they basically shove it in your face that the priest did something to Jessica - Red Barrels thought they were being SUBTLE when a little girl was screaming for help while a priest chased her through the school hallways, but then at the end they use a cutscene to say ""Yes this is indeed what happened, just in case you were wondering.""The antagonists weren't even interesting - there are two sides known as the Christians and the Heretics. There's Knoth, a morbidly obese prophet and the primary angagonist of the game, a woman carrying a pickaxe who chases you throughout the game muttering Bible quotes, a big ogre carring a dwarf on his back who shoots flaming arrows at you, and a creepy woman who leads the Heretics that chases you in the mines. Aside from that there's just you and your wife Lynn, who's your primary incentive to push forward, and by the end very few questions are answered. You don't read any documents that give you cool backstory to the enemies, building them up before you actually meet them face to face.The story is very mediocre. The only time I was excited to see characters talking with me was the hope that they'd add some variety to the game and maybe give me some context as to what I'm doing or where I'm going, but by the end of the game every interesting question of ""Who is this character?"" and ""Why do they want to kill children?"" is swept under the rug with the general answer of ""Religion is evil lol."" I'm not a religious person by any means but this was just a terrible  cliche that even Resident Evil 7 did better.I'd say this game is passable, but it would be much better at 20 dollars rather than 30. The main problem is that it isn't as scary as Outlast and it tries way too hard to freak players out, much to the detriment of the final product. It's a fine game, just don't expect it to be as good as the first one and/or its DLC."
,Recommended,414700,31353370,Posted: 25 April,all,Ashen One,"The hiding and sneaking isn't really helpful. I sat in complete darkness in a barrel and that witch-♥♥♥♥♥-pickaxe-demon sprinted across the map and sliced me up. Similar scenarios with other enemies.The game is more of a ''trial and error'' thing. You do it one way, die. Try again in a different way, die again. Sprint through everything, survive.Apart from that, I still recommend it. Loving the story and lore they've created. Graphics are amazing too!"
,Recommended,414700,31398000,Posted: 27 April,all,Spliffi,"Overall Score: 9.1 / 10Quality9.7/10Very high quality for an indie gamePerformance9/10Runs smooth, just one minor enemy pathing glitch experiencedUtility10/10Many options; Steam cloud save; future(!) Linux & Mac support confirmedControls10/10Full controller support, but kb+m feels more intuitive/immersiveGameplay8.8/10A gross, brutal and disturbing horror trip - Well done, Red Barrels!Challenge9/10Well balanced; 4 difficulty grades; Some challenging achievementsContent9/10Good length (~8h+) and quite the replay value for a ""cinematic game""Diversity8/10Throughout exciting trip, thanks to cool plot twists and locationsImmersion9/10Super creepy; Tense story; Sick score; A few absurd player hiding placesDesign8.8/10Excellent sequel, which will turn into a defining horror classic on its ownVisuals9/10Masterly crafted visuals with many eerie and horrific sights. Impressive!Sound9/10Superb, intruiging OST and good SFX; Nice voice overs too (English only)Texts9/10Weird story that quickly turns very tense; Well written documents & dialogsMapping8/10Nice design overall; No open world, but quite big, locally connected areasInterface9/10Puristic, oldschool main menu and options; Clever, immersive ingame menusTested with:1920x1080; Windows 10 Home, 64-BitAMD FX-8350, 8 x 4.03 GHzMSI GTX 1080 (8GB DDR5)16GB DDR3 RAM; Samsung SSDController: Microsoft Xbox 360Settings: High / Ultra (Preset)If you liked this review check out mycurator pageorarchiveand see how other games scored!"
76561198155378599,Not Recommended,414700,31367579,Posted: 25 April,all,FlacidSnake,"I loved the first game to death. Outlast 1 (and Soma) is still the only post-Silent Hill horror game that I really enjoyed. I loved the setting, the difficulty was perfect and the game had a lot of intense moments and memorable characters. So of course, I was waiting for it's sequel.  It breaks my heart to say this but I think Outlast 2 is absolutely terrible.My main gripe with Outlast 2 is it's die and retry/trial and error mechanics. All you do in this game is running away from enemies and getting killed if you miss that tiny crawlspace hidden by ground plants. I remember getting killed more than 15 times in a row in a small barn with almost 10 enemies killing me as soon as I spawned (because I had no idea where to go and I could not even try to find a way out because I was getting killed too fast). I mean that's litteraly the only thing you do in this game. There aren't any puzzles or anything that tries to bring variety to the gameplay. You just run away from enemies, hide, run some more, getting killed in the process by cheap AI.The graphics are very good, the textures are sharp and the volumetric lighting and fog are on point. The music and sound effects are among the best I've heard in a horror game. But sadly, pretty graphics aren't enough. This game is just too repetitive for it's own good, it lacks any memorable characters and moments."
,Not Recommended,414700,31466141,Posted: 30 April,all,JiffGaming,"This game is trial and error, you must die in order to know how to progress. This happens so many times that it becomes very annoying, It's very unclear where to go and there is no way to tell, so you're left running like a chicken with it's head cut off until you find the right barn or shack to enter. I loved Outlast 1, and was vey excited for this one, but this just isn't all that scary. The NPC's can find you no matter where you hide and are programmed to find you, even though at the start of the game it tells you that hidng in tall grass will keep you hidden, however they always walk by and BAM! the chase music starts playing. Lastly the story is very boring and unclear, I played through Outlast 1 about 5 times, and found it very fun each time, but I dont see myself playing through outlast 2 again."
,Recommended,414700,31372964,Posted: 26 April,all,Ragun,"Having completed the game in its entirety (still looking for some documents and the such) and having not seen an in-depth review i figured i'd go ahead and give the game a review based upon a positive/indifferent/negative basis.This review will be spoiler free, but i'm willing to go more in-depth with spoilers once the game has been out for a couple of months.Sometimes i wish there was a 'I recommend it but not right now' button. Outlast 2 is enjoyable but i'd honestly recommend waiting for a sale (as my end verdict states).Positives:+ Soundtrack - The OST for this game is engrossing soundtrack has clealy had alot of thought put into it and is just as good as the first Outlast.+ Story - Compared to the first game, Outlast II offers a  deeper and more philisophical story that keeps you guessing up until its climax, with a less satisfying payoff in comparison to the 1st Outlast. On top of this i do miss the 'horror' of the Wallrider' which felt like a constant hidden threat throughout the first game, something thats amiss in Outlast II. The writing has obviously had some thought put into it and has an overarching plot layered throughout the game on top of the general plot from the get go.This story feels like somewhat similair to Amnesia: Dark Descent in both its storytelling and the way it is presented to the audience (Through in-game letters/documents).+ Characters - The protagonist is pretty boring but the backstory that takes place within the school throughout the game is pretty interesting from his perspective. The side characters are where the game shines, similiar to the first game. I'd say that they are NEARLY as good as the side villians from Outlast and Whistleblower, but they don't have as much context.+ Enemys - There is ALOT more variation in the enemys in this game than the previous. This only adds to the fear and allows for a much richer and horror filled experience. The variation is just right. Not too much with not too little.+Mechanics - The game adds upon the game mechanics of the original game and improves them as well.+World - The world feels connected and believable, similair to how the asylum felt really connected and not just corridors upon corridors. The world is more alive and bigger (As you're not stuck in one place) than the original title,.Indifferent:= Graphics - I find the graphics very appealing and they are indeed improved upon the original game. Some people might complain about them and i can see why in certain regards, but personally i can't fault them at all as it didn't detract from my experience in the slightest.= Gameplay - The gameplay doesn't offer much new except camera features and the ability to hide in water and other such places. This is neither a positive or a negative due to the fact it can sometimes be 'trial and error' based when encountering enemies and other times it works really well. Its just an improved version of the original game with some new features to keep you interested in this aspect.Negative:= Puzzles - There were no real puzzles in the game which is something i thought it could have beneifted from at certain points to navigate around and add something inbetween the chase/violent segments.= AI - I've added this point abit later as i wanted to mess around with the enemies first and i won't lie and say they're smart or intelligent. They're not. I do find it frustrating that hiding in a room with a single bed leaves the enemy completely 'unaware' of where you so obviously are. This is a common trait amongst the Outlast series so i expected it. Despite this though after playing such games like Alien: Isolation my expectationts for horror A.I is alot higher than it was 5 years ago, thus i felt some changes could have been made in this game to 'step it up' abit.= Pacing - As mentioned above it's just a constant barrage of horror and scares in your face with no time to breathe or time to let tension build. This wasn't always an issue (The latter half of the game improved upon this slightly) but i would have liked to have seen more build up and slower pacingVerdict:Recommended (You might want to wait for a sale)Thanks for reading :)"
,Not Recommended,414700,31912390,Posted: 22 May,all,The Rabbit,"Being a huge fan of the first Outlast, I really wanted to love this game. Unfortunately, it seems to have missed (or simply eschewed) a lot of what worked so well in the first game. The shift from claustrophobic hallways to open forest means environments are harder to visually parse and navigate, which I assume the developers intended to evoke dread and hopelessless, but generally is just confusing and frustrating. The first game favored areas that allowed for running away, hiding, and regrouping. In this game, many sections fall victim to trial-and-error with a likelihood of repeated deaths that feel more like poorly put together puzzles. Sadly, repetition is not scary. Being lost is not scary. Similarly, the game regularly breaks its own momentum with sequences that interrupt gameplay and psychological pacing.The story is engaging enough, and I appreciated the effort to package it a little differently than Outlast 1 and to avoid repeating what many considered a weak ending, but I think the overall effect is more extravagent but less cohesive and enganging for the player.All that said, the game looks great and has some genuinely interesting and enjoyable moments. I don't regret buying it or playing it, but I did find it inferior to the first game."
,Not Recommended,414700,32830742,Posted: 26 June,all,Gopher,"Unfortunately this was a disappointing horror experience after the success of the first Outlast game. Messy and cliche story telling, reliance on scripted scares, and generally promoting a run around until you click the right activatable style of playing. It had moments of great atmosphere and genuine fear, but it also had moments of frustration and boredom in equal measure.See my full video review here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4H5WMwCSM8s"
,Recommended,414700,31352405,Posted: 25 April,all,Grizzly Man,"-Turns game on.-Starts to play...oh hey! No jump scares!-Crow flies out of window.-Soils pants.-Slam computer on ground.-Cry myself to sleep.-Buys new computer.-Turns game back on.-Crow doesn't phase me, I have a diaper.-Hear old lady praying.-Try to join.-Gets balls hacked off.10/10Most realistic religious experience since catholic school."
76561198067072534,Not Recommended,414700,31368650,Posted: 25 April,all,Pale White Nerd,"I thought the original Outlast was pretty good, but Outlast II is just such a chore from start to finish. If you aren't loving this game within the first hour, quit and request a refund immediately. It just gets worse from there.The gameplay is a massive step down from the original. Many (bordering on most) sections are so poorly designed that it's hard to believe they've ever even been playtested, and there is a ton of filler, especially towards the late game. Enemies are extremely inconsistent in their reactions to spotting the player, which makes encounters very confusing and frustrating at times. Even worse is that sprinting straight past enemies until they de-spawn is still the most optimal strategy in many encounters, so using stealth to avoid their aggression is just a waste of time anyway.The setting gets really boring really quickly, but I think this is mostly due to the level design. This game is constantly pushing the player down a linear, one-way path towards the end of the game with almost no exploration or retreading, which ironically hurts the sense of progression. Think about the first gameplay section of Outlast 1 when you had to search for the key card, swipe into the security room, restart the generators, etc. all in the same part of the asylum before you could unlock the door to the next section. Nothing like that really exists in this game. Every room is designed to be passed through in ten seconds and instantly forgotten, so nothing is particularly memorable about the environments at all, and it doesn't feel satisfying to unlock new areas. The story plays into the environment's blandness as well (don't worry, this is spoiler-free). Outlast 1's story was mostly focused on uncovering the mystery of the asylum, which gave the environment itself much of its charm. In Outlast 2, the main story is almost entirely focused around the characters, and they're not exactly well-written or interesting, so it's really difficult to care.In terms of horror, this game has a lot of issues pacing itself. The player is introduced to the enemies far too quickly, and there is almost no downtime to allow tension to build. It honestly just feels like back-to-back chases for six hours, and it's even worse once the frustration kicks in.If you're a fan of the original Outlast and are looking for more of the same, you should skip this. If you're just looking to be scared, then you'd better have a pretty low tolerance for horror. This game doesn't have many redeeming qualities. It does look really pretty though.4/10"
,Not Recommended,414700,31595883,Posted: 6 May,all,SUPER SCARY Pinicio,"TL;DR: An okay Horror game with the Outlast name slapped on and incredibly overpriced. 5/10NEGATIVE:Not scary.It's just not scary. The flashback scenes in the School are super terrifying and horrific! But the actual game in the town aren't scary in the slightest, becoming more annoying due to poor level design than actually scary.When you die in a horror game, the scare-factor gets cut down in half, so if the player dies repeatedly, they won't be scared anymore. Outlast 2 suffers heavily from this due to...Horrible pacing, the game revolves aroundTrial and Error, for literally every single part of the game.It's incredibly annoying to get stuck in an area because the exit wasn't obvious enough, which usually ends up with most players searching up for a guide and then slapping themselves in the head; ""I HAD TO GO THROUGH THAT TINY HOLE?""The Story is pretty much the same as most RE:Biohazard games, you find yourself in a creepy town or house and everyone praises Jesus and God and are just generally really disturbing. Outlast 2 does nothing different than this, as others have said, it's better to buy RE7 than Outlast 2, which is a real shame. The Documents aren't as interesting either, most of them are usually just notes from one character talking to another, compare that to actual documents from Outlast 1.MIXED:A Voiced Protagonist. Some Voiced Protagonists can work really well in Horror games, see SOMA as an example of this, the Player talking to another character during filler scenes to fine out the story. Outlast 2 does not do this at all, instead the character just repeats how they have to find their love interest and that's about it.POSITIVE:The inventory mangement is done incredibly well done and a fine addition that really does make me wish that it was in 1.It makes your look down at your body and from there you can access your batteries, bandages and your camera. However you won't be doing this often when the game repeatedly tells you about hotkeys for these things, so you will only ever use the Inventory to check our recorded footage with your camera.The Soundtrack and Sound design, as well as lighting, is really well done. Can't really say any more about Positives regarding this title.----If you enjoyed this review, please consider voting it."
,Not Recommended,414700,31472918,Posted: 30 April,all,Nexcoyocoatl,"This review contains a few mild spoilers.Wow... Ok...After waiting a long time for Outlast 2, being a fan of the first one, I still don't know exactly what happend here. It pains me to say that it feels like a pretty mediocre horror title. It relies too much on a heavy ambience that never really gets to be scary, and the gameplay and level design makes it all completely fall apart. It's almost as if it was made by a completely different studio that wanted to make a copycat but never understood what makes the first game great.The story starts pretty good, and after a very interesting introduction of a few antagonists and their motivations, it stops in its tracks, and it never gets past that. The game feels like a huge wasted potential, where nothing really happens. Only the levels change, as the story comes to a halt, throwing some new characters around, and making them appear again, but just like they were at the start, with no development. It's not that the plot is uninspired, as it's completely lacking. Everything seems to be there to make it great, but they only seem to be concerned with a very broken gameplay. The devs say that the we can only understand the story deeply by reading all the hidden logs scattered around and, I'm sorry, but if you need to piece together almost all of the story through collectible hidden items, there's something really wrong with your script. Also, the documents, as fun as they may be to read, are pretty shallow, and only manage to throw around some superficial ideas tied to the plot.If I had to say one word that describes Outlast 2 gameplay, it would be Inconsistent. They break their own rules constantly, and that's what completely kills the game in my opinion. Already in the first hostile encounter you're supposed to understand that you can't run faster than them, and you can't sneak around since they will always detect you. Instead, you'll have to make it follow you, to despawn after you run back for a while, so you can continue. That would be kind of a spoiler, if there ever was any explanation for that in game. As it is, you just have to try it until, somehow, it works for you. After that first enemy, you'll never have to do that again. In other sections, you're supposed to guess if you have to get around the enemies to continue the path forward or run from them to find an alternate path, with absolutely no hint of where to go or what to do. This becomes pretty jarring on higher difficulties, specially on insane (permadeath difficulty), since it now seems most encounters are cheap or based on luck, and instead of being strategic, you now have to completely memorize the paths and understand exactly how the AI works. I finished Outlast 1 on insane difficulty and it was great, but I'll never try on this one.Unlike the first Outlast, there's no indication to where you should go. Instead of the clever design of the lighting and colors to show you the way, you will find illuminated paths that go nowhere, and will be completely lost for a big part of the game, while having enemies constantly trying to kill you. The chase sequences are overused and terribly annoying because without some clues in the level telling you where to go, you'll have to die lots of times trying to find the exit. The game then loses it's - already pretty low - scare factor and becomes incredibly frustrating and tiresome. The trial and error that players keep reporting is real, and an annoyance instead of a challenge. Also gone are the neutral NPCs that looked exactly like the aggresive ones. It was a great detail for a horror game, adding tension to every contact with the asylum inmates, but now, there's no tension anymore, as you'll soon understand that any NPC will attack you mindlessly on sight even if they look passive enough.The camera got an upgrade, but it's mostly to make it more frustrating. The added directional microphone can help, but it consumes so much battery that is almost unusable. You also need to keep the camera running and directed at the scenes for a few seconds to get the recordings, something that, in my opinion, really detracts from the gameplay - though it's a minor annoyance, not really a feature, as it was advertised. Since the game now has a lot of pitch black areas with no ""guiding"" light, nightvision is absolutely necessary. It would be a good thing if it wasn't for the scarcity of the batteries in higher difficulties, since you can be absolutely screwed on dark chase sequences, where you need to rely on your artificial light to find the right path.There's also no sense of progression, as you keep going to completely different places that seem loosely connected and you'll never know if you're close to your objective. It doesn't help that you're shifting in and out of school levels that don't really add substantial story content - even though the transition sequences are pretty damn cool - as they're mostly about exploring - an admittedly beautifully rendered - school level until you somehow get out. The ambience is pretty well done, but it gets very boring as you keep revisiting it to find mostly the same narrative with almost no changes, until closer to the end.The game has a few things that it does really well, like the great optimization and low recommended specs for such a beautiful title - some frame drops might happen, even for those with high end PCs, but it might be fixed in a future patch. The art design is probably the best I've seen on a game, and that says a lot for a horror themed one. You can see they tried really hard to create a beautiful and carefully crafted world of dread, and they nailed it. The antagonist's vulgar bible neologisms are great and pretty interesting to read. It's a shame that is mostly only shown in the collectibles, and that well thought character was so underused. The gameplay and story were, seemingly, not the priority, something that really takes away all the horror that the player is supposed to feel in its stunning levels.It would be a good title if it tried something new and managed to get it right, but it remains almost the same as the first. Though now it's completely broken, which makes it a really frustrating game, not a challenging and/or fun one.I might have judged it pretty harshly, but that is because I admire what they did with the first title, and I think Red Barrels can make a much better Outlast than this. Maybe next time."
,Not Recommended,414700,31438394,Posted: 29 April,all,pipe,"As much as I enjoyed the first game, I regret that I cannot recommend this one.The game is mostly just run-run-run gameplay for a few hours, then the ending is hard to understand, however if you read all of the notes and watch all the recordings, you'll get it.This game was mostly trial and error, as the other reviewers have said. However, after the recent patch, it seems as though this was somewhat fixed. Though to what effect, I am not certain. The graphics are beautiful and the sound is great, especially whilst using the camera's microphone, and the new features are pretty good as well. However,Most of the animations are subpar and the game is pretty demanding, as it should be.If you need to play Outlast, get the first one. If you've already played it, then, perhaps you should get this game. I would recommend getting Resident Evil 7 over this game, however it's your choice. This game simply wasn't for me.Thanks for reading."
,Recommended,414700,31391766,Posted: 27 April,all,Azralynn,"See written review belowor watch it here:https://youtu.be/xREEhT1XITETL;DR: SKIP TO CONCLUSION!You and your wife are investigative journalists venturing deep into the desert in an attempt to uncover the truth behind the unusual murder of an unidentified pregnant woman. Upon your arrival, you find yourself in the company of religious fanatics who perform gruesome and unspeakable acts in the name of their faith. There are some references made to the first Outlast and Whistleblower DLC that you need to know for Outlast 2 to make a bit more sense, so I do recommend playing those prior to Outlast 2.Armed only with your camera, you are completely vulnerable to enemies. I find this style of horror game more nerve wracking than other games like Resident Evil where you have a way to fight back. You’ll need to make use of the terrain, sneak around, and hide from hostiles. If you get discovered, you better run for your life. It is possible to be one shotted, but that only happened to me a couple times. Thankfully, it usually took 2 hits to die, and there were sufficient bandages around to heal yourself after being injured.Collecting notes, and recording events plays a large role in understanding the the story. Expect to use your camera a lot. Fortunately, you can keep your camera out without it draining the batteries. However, using the camera’s night vision or microphone will drain them, so you’ll need to scavenge for batteries along your journey.The night vision is absolutely necessary to navigate through the dark areas, and the microphone is extremely helpful for other areas where your vision is obstructed, like the corn fields.Pros:intriguing and bizarre storysuspenseful atmosphere that’s absolutely fantastic, and it does an impeccable job at delivering an extremely immersive horror experience that had me feeling scared, anxious, and at the edge of my seat on a regular basisexcellent environments that are often dark, eerie, and quite grotesque with dismembered corpses and blood everywherethe chases are insanely terrifying, and will certainly get your heart racing (they're more frequent here than in Outlast 2)the jump scares are plentiful, and often successful (but there will be times when you’re expecting them)the voice acting is fine, but the music and ambiance where the game really shinesperformance is solid (Win10, GTX 1070, i7-6500k, 32GB RAM on max)controls are fully customizable, and there is full controller supportCons:the story may be confusing (for some), and it may be difficult to understand what exactly is going on - there are bits of the story that the player is expected to fill in, and some things are left open to interpretationpossible bug where a few times during the playthrough enemies were chasing, but then just stood outside of where you’re hiding without pulling you out of your hiding spot or dropping aggro either; when this happened it seemed like the only option was to run out into the enemy and hope for the bestwhen you die, you are sometimes respawned with enemies already aggroed on you causing you to run immediately or sometimes die againthe recording system the camera uses is really annoying, and the time to record is way too long to create the small snip-it of video you actually get from it; not to mention the fact that you have to be aiming at a specific area, and there are sometimes where you won't have any idea what it is while recording it (it would have been nice to have commentary from these recordings actually play while making the video)(nitpick) it was sometimes unclear of which way to go, and it sometimes resulted in dying if you're being chased(nitpick) no windowed borderless mode (alt-tabbing is quite slow, and using alt+enter actually broke my game and required me to force quit it a couple times to fix it)The game took me about 6 hours to finish, but it would have been closer to 6.5 hours if I had read all the documents while streaming my playthrough instead of just doing it afterwards. It’s not a super long game, but the length felt just right.Conclusion:Ultimately, Outlast 2 is not for the faint of heart. I quite enjoyed the survival horror aspects that made me feel scared, and anxious, but I wish the story had been more clear cut like the first game was. I had a lot of fun playing Outlast 2, but I still think Outlast and the Whistleblower DLC were better and more polished.If you like my reviews, please feel free to join my Steam group, and follow my curationshere.You can also view this review on my websitehere."
,Not Recommended,414700,31441675,Posted: 29 April,all,Nuln Oil,"Not much fun to be honest. Lacks the constant tension of the first game. If you hide from any enemies they will just set up camp right outside the area you are hiding and will not leave to search other areas, It seems the solution to 90% of your problems is to run. If you run the wrong way. you die. If you hide. You have to run anyway. This isn't fun.Plot is nonsense. Heavily borrows themes and elements from other games. uninspired. Ending is unfulfilling even it's own weak story.The environments look good.Overall the gameplay and story is weaker than the original. Can not recommend."
76561198097885180,Not Recommended,414700,31794163,Posted: 16 May,all,The Deep Friar,"I loved the first Outlast - it had great atmosphere, great level design, not too many cheap jump scares, but a constant feeling of dread and unease. You never felt lost, even when panicking, somehow you'd figure out what to do, where to go, where to hide, even at the last moment. It was exhilirating and, most importantly, you wanted to keep going.None of that can be said about Outlast 2. It's like it was made by a completely different developer who had no clue what made the first one so great. There's no more hiding (you can, there's just no point), no more tension, you just run around like a moron until you stumble upon the next ""checkpoint"". Some of the ""solutions"" are just stupid or unintuitive. You'll get frustrated dying over and over until you finally figure out what the developer wanted you to do, like hide when there's no reason to, or stop what you're doing and run around in a circle until the enemy suddenly disappears. In the first Outlast, dying was something you tried to avoid and it was jarring when it happened. Here, it's a given, just something you'll get used to.The story might have potential, but the setting isn't very compelling, the enemies not frightening in the least. There's a lot of cliches and a lot of predictable, scripted events. And way more quicktime events than there should be.I finished the first Outlast twice, went back to get some achievements. Same for the DLC. Had a blast every time. I haven't even finished Outlast 2 yet and I really don't feel like it anymore. It feels like a chore and an obligation."
76561198066253605,Not Recommended,414700,31527291,Posted: 3 May,all,SABINA,"Refunded.It looks like Red Barrels went a different direction with this one.Gameplay:It abandoned the dynamic that made Outlast a great game and opted for another. Outlast was all about stealth and hiding, watching the enemy, learning his habits in order to survive and escape in any number of possible routes, all the while the fear and tension is mounting. It was incredibly immersive. Outlast 2 is all about trying to run away, getting caught and killed while searching for that one single path away, reloading the game, trying again and again until you finally give up and watch a video. That's not fun or immersive for me. It's the exact opposite of fun and immersive. It quickly becomes a repetitive and annoying learn-by-dying chore.Atmosphere:The atmosphere and themes in Outlast were masterfully constructed to induce a palpable fear, while those in Outlast 2 are cheap in comparison, being simply gore and shock value. Gore and shock is not the same as fear. Real fear is something that must build, like music that begins with subtle chords and builds to a crescendo. Outlast achieved it very well. Outlast 2 abandons this and simply throws offenses and gore in your face, then kills you. Not fun. Not immersive. Not scary. Just annoying.Formula:And worst of all, the absolute deal breaker for me: Quick Time Events.Seriously.WHY!?They made a game closer to RE5 or 6, or a budget Evil Within, than Outlast.Cut-scene, QTE, killed. Cut-scene, QTE, killed. Over and over. That is not a winning formula for any game.I never thought I would refund a Red Barrels game, but here's to hoping Outlast 3 will return to the genre-defining principles that made Outlast among the greatest horror games of all time."
76561198345457122,Recommended,414700,32611480,Posted: 20 June,all,jaydangerx,The concept and feel of the game are great. The graphics are fantastic. The storyline is messed up beyond all reason.The one downfall: you can't fight back. This makes some of the chase sequences infuriating.
,Not Recommended,414700,31736148,Posted: 13 May,all,Phlegethon,"How do you do chases in a game? I'm not sure Outlast 2 quite knows. 'Play identical death animations by identical faced townspeople if they breathe a metre in your vicinity as you run through environments completely alien to you with hidden exits?' it posits. No, Outlast 2. That just makes you no longer fear death to the point you voluntarily run into the nearest pitchfork if you sense your timing is off by a second.I completed it on nightmare. Possibly one of the most annoying experiences I've had in gaming. I may have to try the patched normal difficulty at some point, but I'm convinced the main fault lies with your being completely defenceless. I'm conflicted on this, as I've read they responded to feedback on the original and decided that insta kills have more inherent tension than knowing you can take a hit. Unfortunately, when chases are time sensitive and stealth is so difficult to read, death comes to hold no fear. It's merely a checkpoint system to try and trial and error your way through a situation.The environments are gorgeous and deathly dark. I admire how they made the night vision constantly essential. It's truly unique to the game. There just isn't enough environment telegraphing à la Left 4 Dead for the player in what is as linear a game as it gets. You will be lost constantly - as you're being chased within an inch of your person.There is so nearly something here. I NEEDED to get to the bottom of the mysterious plot. It pushed me through it all and it is far from empty in this regard, if too reliant on optional reading collectibles. I'm interested in reading up further on it, but not sure if I'd ever want to play again to do so.The game's less scary and more bleak as bleak can get with the occasional adrenaline pill. There is ONE genuinely scary moment the game has you hunted, convinced you're clear and then punishes you for your self assurance. That sticks with me. The rest... doesn't quite. It's perculiar how the pacing of the demo actually worked vastly better than the main game."
,Not Recommended,414700,32511281,Posted: 17 June,all,StrikingBanana,"I love Outlast, but Outlast 2 was not what Outlast 1 was. Literally the entire time, you have no idea what is happening, the environment isn't as scary as the first one, and being immersed while switching between realities so quickly is very difficult. 5/10"
,Not Recommended,414700,31364409,Posted: 25 April,all,Cobalt,"After finishing this game in 6 hours on Hard difficulty, I can only say that I am a bit annoyed and disapointed.Outlast 2 was a hype not only for me, I'm sure, but the story, setting and gameplay have...obscured the immersion and fun I could've had with this game.There are good moments in this game, i.e. few but effective jumpscares, amazing looking textures and lighting and decent animations.Yet there are a few more, for me at least, contras that ruined the game for me. Now I don't know wether it was thanks to the hype or me playing this game on Hard from the get go, the game left a certain feel of annoyance, confusion and unsatisfaction. The contras begin with the enemy AI, which is a bit omnipotent-like, since they can spot you from about 10 meters away when only a bit of your head is showing out, because you were using the leaning ability.Another thing is the prolonged chase moments fused together with no room for mistakes in taking paths for your escape.  If you take a wrong turn during a chase, then you'll most probably die and restart from a checkpoint and there is still a 50% chance for you to take another wrong turn, die and restart again.And then there's the story...Maybe, again, it's only in my case but I got lost towards the end of the plot. I payed much attention to the dialogues and I always enable subtitles, so that I won't miss out on critical information. But no matter how much I read all the documents or recorded all of the scenes, I am still lost and don't know what the ending was supposed to tell me.The game starts good, throws you right into the happenings and you have to learn on the fly, as was the case in Outlast 1. But as soon as you're settled in you start noticing all the little to not-so-little flaw and towards the end, you'll have a few question marks floating above your head yourself.All in all it looks good, sounds good and most will no doubt enjoy it but some will have the same opinion as I do. I'd recommend it to any fans of Outlast, though I would still ask the fans to imply caution, for this game did not scratch my itch for scares that much if at all."
76561198128809288,Recommended,414700,32014100,Posted: 28 May,all,Hoxton,"Unpopular opinion time:This game is FANTASTIC. Well, for me at least.The story is kind of ""eh,"" but the gameplay, mechanics, enemies, and chase sequences really make up for it.(No spoilers, by the way :))What I loved is that enemies are actually smarter.For example, if you don't lock a door behind you (which is a mechanic present in the game) then they can just simply open it, instead of mindlessly bashing it down, like in the previous Outlast.There are several chase sequences, so many in fact that you never feel safe.However, some of them do require you to die at least once or twice so you can figure out how to properly run away. Not exactly the best gameplay, but I'll let it slide.Blake's (the protagonist) new camcorder has a new feature: a microphone! With it, you can track enemies using the left and right indicators.A very cool feature, not present in the previous games, is that you can record certain events and actually view them later. I thought this was really cool, simply because I can review the footage.In the previous Outlast, when you pressed ""tab"" you would be taken to your Reporter's Notebook. In this game, pressing tab lets you choose to either review the footage, use a battery, or use a bandage. What's cool about this new feature is that you can actually see the amount of batteries and bandages you have, instead of having the unrealistic #/10 on the camcorder HUD.The story is very hard to grasp, you would need to play all games, and read all the documents in all said games. If you don't have the patience, there are plenty of guides online that explain the theory of the story and ending. It's a big drag, but I think it's kind of worth it.So: is this game worth it? If you like constant chase sequences, smarter enemies, etc. then I guess this game is for you.I HIGHLY recommend reading and watching tons of reviews, simply because this game has a very large playerbase, and therefore highly mixed reviews."
,Recommended,414700,31393288,Posted: 27 April,all,♡❤ Rachel  Rose {TIffANY},"Outlast 2 is a great game.outlast 2 brings new enemies, story and place, there have been many times where i dont know where to go, where its a die and try again type thing, some places are obvious when you find them and know where to go, the graphics and music is amazing for the game, batteries are essential for survival, so its a exploring and look mostly everywhere so your fully stocked on batteries and they added bandages so when your hit by a enemy your health doesnt regenerate automatically.i do recommend it."
76561198053136325,Not Recommended,414700,32656755,Posted: 22 June,all,DiamondGeeza,"I loved Outlast 1. In my opinion it set a new benchmark for first person survival horror games.Eagerly awaited Outlast 2 but unfortunatley it fell short of expectation.Horror and suspense was largely but not entirely traded for gore and shock value. The textures and the detail going into the grim'ness of this was really impressive but I think relying on shock value is a huge gamble from the developers. We had memorable characters in the original and a far creepier setting where you felt desperation not to get caught by the crazies. Now in Outlast 2 we have a trial and error game, where you're incentive to survive is not having to go through the death animations for the 100th time and lame checkpoint system sending you miles back.I can't recommend this game, especially after the ending.Though I fully recommend the first installment of Outlast, with it's DLC."
,Recommended,414700,31554976,Posted: 5 May,all,Joseph,"This game seems to have split people down the middle, but I am really glad I took the leap and finished this weekend. Please read - I shall attempt to manage your expectations if you want to buy :) (which I think you should). (TLDR at bottom)Outlast 2 is not a perfect game. It seems to suffer from the same flaw the first did - when you don't know where you're going, it becomes a frustrating trial and error to reach the next sequence, killing the tension and becoming mundane.This said - when it works, it is one of the most intense experiences you'll ever have in gaming. Whether you'll enjoy this or not comes down to how forgiving you can be of the aforementioned aspect - and given the premise (running and hiding simulator 2000) I think you do have to cut it a bit of slack.BUTThere were some places where I completely lost my way and had to replay a section 7-8 times to try and spot a hole in the fence I had to barry through. Now, the game developers have attempted to lead you the right way both via lights (bright areas seem to signal the path), and enemy placement (see 3 enemies next to a gate - probably means go the other way), but it still can be hit and miss.Now if you can forgive this aspect, you're in for a treat.Some people have criticised the story, I personally really enjoyed it. It does deal with some pretty heavy themes and so not for the faint of heart, but you should not take it at face value or look at the primary layer. I think the story is filled with symbolism and occurs on a number of different levels - so bear that in mind.I know many people are focusing on the tie in between 1 and 2 as weak, but I actually see this as more of a little easter egg, and not the main theme - childhood trauma, religion and mental healthWhere Outlast 2 does shine is in the atmostphere and immersion. Play this one with headphones at night. The pacing of the final act (if you don't ♥♥♥♥ it up) is absolutely amazing, cutting back and forth as the story unfolds. I reached this part about midnight Sat, and had to keep playing until I completed at 3am.Jump scares are few and far between as well, which I liked - I tend to think of this game more as ""intense"" rather than ""terrifying"" - a difference I noted between the first outlast and this. While the game is trying to scare you, I was more on the edge of my seat trying to move forward, bit of an adrenaline ride - again which I loved.TLDR:Honestly, for a $30 game, clocking in around 6 hours, I think it's worth a buy. Don't take the story at face value, look a bit deeper at the symbolism and themes that run through it. Not as ""scary/jumpy"" as the first, more of an intense thrill ride. And lastly, you will only enjoy this one if you can forgive what I see to be an inescapable flaw with this type of game - there will be times where you become a bit disoriented and have to trial and error a couple of sections - it kills the tension, but worth riding it through for when it works like a charm. :)"
,Not Recommended,414700,31380941,Posted: 26 April,all,Akka,"Don't look behind youThis is a survival horror running game that takes place in the rural countryside occupied by a fanatical cult, similar to the setting of Resident Evil 4. Outlast 2 is a huge downgrade from its predecessor.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=913740600&fileuploadsuccess=1GameplayBoogeymen are after you, so run in the opposite direction. Don't take a wrong turn or you'll (die and) start over. Stealth does NOT work here, it is a waste of time, and running away until the enemies despawn is always the superior option. Once you get hit you're treated to a nasty layer of grease on your eyes, further robbing you of your vision as you struggle in vain to escape. It's near impossible to clear any level without knowing its design and you mostly learn the level design by dying.VisualI'd love to grant this category a higher mark. Everything you can see is beautifully crafted; too bad you can hardly see anything at all from beyond the grainy green nightvision and the pitiful FoV in the camera. Struggling with the battery life and camera static renders the levels that much more bleak, pitch black, and incomprehensible.SoundMagnificent. You can really feel the hoards breathing down your neck as they close in on you. Enemies shout at each other to identify your location underneath heavy percussion which intensifies the closer they are. The voice acting, especially for the protagonist, leaves a bit to be desire though.PlotDreadful nonsense. Stop every thirty minutes to read a page of garbled insanity. The ending is a massive non-sequitor which only makes sense if you've read the comic. I'll pass.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=913741691SpectacleThe splatterhouse gore is out in full force here. Rotting, decayed bodies and a generous helping of diseased blood decorate most setpieces. It is overall less scary than its predecessor, but there's still a handful of decent scenes.DifficultyHard for the wrong reasons and not forgivable in the least. Luckily it autosaves fairly often so you're not gonna lose that much progress. You'll never guess how to navigate any level your first time through, so enjoy dying a whole bunch.Two stars out of fiveThe more frequently you die in a spooky game, the less scary it becomes. Very rarely did I die in Outlast 1, the pressure was constantly on me. The trial and error that mires this game sabotages the foreboding atmosphere. Since dying refills your hp and battery life, this game actually rewards you for getting killed. What a joke."
76561198099640168,Not Recommended,414700,31479542,Posted: 30 April,all,ItsYaBoiJamal,"I can't say I enjoyed it a whole lot. It has its moments but for the most part I was somewhat bored(especially during the school segments which I found to be filler content basically).I was very confused by the end. I pay very close attention to stories and like to read the supplementary material as I did with this but overall it was seriously enigmatic.The gameplay is changed a fair bit from the first but not really for the better I must say. You'll spend most of your time crouched in grass and kind of unsure which direction to go exactly because most of the environments are pretty open which I personally think didn't suite the game well.None of the characters are particularly compelling. Knoth,the main antagonist, gets maybe 5 minutes of screen time (and that's being generous) and I feel like Miles (original Outlast's protagonist) was a lot more developed than Blake who's entire character mainly consisted of the words '♥♥♥♥' and 'Lynn!'.I think a more linear approach with a few nooks and crannies to explore as opposed to an open map design would have suited Outlast 2 better. I enjoyed the more linear segments as a result (I can think of maybe 30 minutes of gameplay I found exciting/genuinely scary). The rest I felt was me wandering/sneaking around for extended periods of time and occasionally bumping into an enemy until I found the right path and once that was done it was smooth sailing.If you loved the first one like I did I'd recommend picking this up onsalebut be warned; in my opinion (and what's my opinion really worth anyway?) its pretty average as a horror game. If you haven't played the first game yet, wtf are you doing? Go play it! Its a masterpiece and I wouldn't recommend this unless you played and thoroughly enjoyed the first game. Your tastes may of course differ to mine so you may very well enjoy this game immensely and that's great but for those who feel skeptical or on the fence I'd recommend my advice (because of course I would)."
,Not Recommended,414700,31649189,Posted: 9 May,all,Karasu,"Outlast 2? They threw everything they learned with the first game out the window. I'll start with Outlast. Being in the hospital and slightly outside only, it felt like a huge journey like you had options, you could go back to some areas as you figured things out. There was much more of a sense of urgency, hiding was a necessity, not an option. Every single cutscene truly felt like a progression of the story, and all the documents were entirely relevant to unraveling the mystery of what was going on, not to mention the DLC tying into the story so neatly and seeing the results of what you did in the main game at the end was fantastic.In Outlast 2's trailers they made it seem like you'd be hiding in barrels and wheatfields on the regular, whereas its completely the opposite. I hid about a grand total of 4 times throughout my entire 9hour playthrough, as it turns out its entirely unneccessary since you can completely just run around until you find the single exit from one area into the next. Unfortunately, there is no going back to almost any areas at all as soon as you reach the next. It feels like a tunnel simulator. And the lack of having to hide almost at all, takes a huge sense of urgency, and suspense out of the gameplay. As far as any documents you find, they add almost zero relevancy to the story. They're either nonsensical ramblings of the insane that add nothing to the story but witty one liners, or pages upon pages of the Father's self-made gospel which does give some insight into the background but most of it is just♥♥♥♥♥♥the player will not take the time to sit their♥♥♥♥♥down and try to make sense about.The story itself? It tries to be philosophical in many ways, but its so haphazardly thrown together it's not very cohesive. Even if you record all the moments and find all the documents. As I said in the beginning they basically took all the things that worked so well for Outlast and abandoned it in this game. I went in not expecting anything since I didnt watch anything but the first trailer before I played it through, but I came out much more disappointed in it then I thought.If I were to rate Outlast a 9/10. I'd give Outlast 2 a 4.5/10.Save your money, even for 30 bucks its not worth it. Better off waiting for a Steam Sale unfortunately which is something I wish I didn't have to say about this game, but I was entirely unsatisfied :/ The only thing that made it fun was the members of my stream as I played it."
76561198002681709,Recommended,414700,31978944,Posted: 26 May,all,zap451,"I was a fan of the first one and especially the DLC ""Whislteblower."" Outlast 2 carries over the same mechanics and ideas with a few added positives and negatives. Some applying to both categoriesPositives:*Ramped up graphics and lighting*Split story line*Better music and voice acting*Less emphasis on using camcorder all the time and added ability to detect sounds*Larger setting and environment (Outdoors Arizona)Negative:*Story becomes convuluted and confusing but can be clarified by obtaing ONE note. Don't miss finding that ONE note!*So much blood and gore that it starts to feel like I was walking through a theme park. Becomes somewhat laughable.*Wraps up the villians story lines too quickly.Great game if you are a fan of the series. Otherwise, play the first game."
76561197963558022,Not Recommended,414700,31470935,Posted: 30 April,all,wauweli,"So... Its a run run run.. untill you find the way. And after that its more run run run until you find the way. Too bad.. i loved first one.To be clear. This is solid game done with love. But they took the one thing from the first and upped it to 11.The thing is. With the first one there was plenty of time to get sucked in to the world. Chase pieces were always short and paced well with the slow stuff. In this, i have no time to get the feel of the place. Its always hiding and running. The world is discarded while you run and try to find a way. First one had plenty of people with no intension to kill you, now with this its all different. I could watch them do their nasty thing and the world got richer. Btw: that counter lies somewhat, i have played more than that.Its really pretty and has plenty of nice touches here and there. But for me (why thumps down) it was too much repeat and learn, it made the game bore, and immersion was lost pretty fast.But if you like to run with no idea where, while something is chasing. This is game for you and you will like it. Its cheap game... and when it comes to sale its worth to buy... its not good, Its bad at most of the time. But it still is like i said solid game. Just too repeat and learn for me."
76561197994890330,Not Recommended,414700,31717275,Posted: 12 May,all,Lt. Grim Slade,"Same recipe, different ingredients, wrong location.In all honesty, I only have one real complaint that emcompasses everything: they improved the wrong things.Outlast 2 took all the elements from Outlast 1, the heart-throbbing chase scenes, the jump scares during the scene building, and the ever encroaching darkness, and ramped it up to 11.And that would be great, except that it's in the outdoors, not inside what effectively is a dungeon. This means that while in the first game, it was very easy to tell which way was up and what you could, or couldn't, leap over or under... in Outlast 2 I found myself dying because I rounded a corner, and vigorously humped the table rather than vaulting over it. And the chase scenes would be great, if they weren't 100% scripted, meaning no matter how well you evade your pursuers, they're programmed to simply be alerted again at the next doorway.They made the AI much better, and reduced how black and white stealth was in the first game. However this results in AI that slowly meanders after you once you give them the slip, because they still know where you are, they're just not allowed to know. I stopped playing because I got sick of hiding in a spot for minutes, only to have an enemy teleport to me once I left my hiding spot, just so I could be ""chased"" again. And also, enemies literally teleport to you at certain triggers, you can track it with the microphone.And their story was flimsy at best, nothing new, nothing exciting, nothing twisty, even the main villains had rushed endings to their plotlines, extremely unsatisfying.Overall, I regret buying it, it's not a horror game, it's an andrenaline booster attached to a frustration engine."
,Recommended,414700,31387037,Posted: 26 April,all,Vega ☆,"Outlast 2 is a terrifying (but fascinating) sequel to the 1st Outlast, and follows the story of Blake Langermann, and his wife Lynn, as they go to the Arizona desert to investigate the murder of a pregnant woman. “Naturally” their helicopter crashes, and Blake sets off to find his wife while trying to understand the bigger picture around him.Being a huge fan of the 1st Outlast, I was pretty hyped for the sequel...and what some said to be the “scariest game of the year”. For me, the game is actually not that scary if you don't think too much about it. Most of the “scare” overall is actually done from the work of its creepy soundtrack and eerie atmosphere. On top of that, attempting to quickly go through the game (like running even when you don't have to, rather than walking really slow expecting something to pop out eventually) would be best for those who just want to get it over with.The game itself is focused on two different stories: the 1st finding your wife in the outside world, and the 2nd going on within the protagonist’s mind...which uncovers the mystery of a suicide from an old friend named Jessica. The story is split very well in that it quickly transitions from one to the other; so while you're running away from religious extremists on one side, you'll also be introduced to school terrors (and more supernatural) in the next.As for the gameplay, you can expect nearly the same as from the 1st game. Only differences are you'll actually need to heal yourself rather than relying on regeneration. Unlike the 1st game, rewatching past recordings done while in camera is also new. A noticeable con while playing from start to finish is the amount of “trial and error” during the playthrough. Beating this game on insane would be very difficult compared to the 1st game, in that areas are very wide open, and you can't really just run from one point to another with an obvious pathway built in. The game is also much longer than the 1st...it does slow down a bit in some points also. Tactics in scaring the player are also different throughout the game, so you can't expect as much generic jumpscares as they are executed in the 1st game.Overall, this game definitely lived up to its expectations. Cons include some frustrating “trial and error” throughout the game, but the scares are fresh and the story is way better. Music is much better, voice acting is great, and the game runs smoothly as well.BTW, there is an unnoticable connection to the 1st Outlast that blows your mind a lot (I recommend finishing this game first before going to look for answers). Finishing the 1st game is also necessary to understand it though."
,Recommended,414700,31360188,Posted: 25 April,all,Camouflaged,Promotes good Christian values. 10/10
,Not Recommended,414700,31656850,Posted: 9 May,all,XxWestKillzXx,"It's not as good as the first Outlast, but regardless I think it is an okay game still.Most of this game consisted of running and constantly dying or getting stuck and wondering where to go, only to find out it was a tiny hole or ledge you had to go across. Most of the time stealth was redundant and I could easily sprint straight through areas with more benefit than I would have if I stealthed.Honestly the school areas are where this game really shines. The game actually really scared me here and felt very well done. Unfortunately the game is mostly based in a stupid village and the mines connected.The most infuriating part wasafter you are crucifiedbecause, you have to go through the whole part without dying because of there being no checkpoints and if you do die you have to witness the same annoying slow animation over and over because the way through the area the developers intend you to go is not clear enough.The soundtrack is great and so are graphics. The ending is garbage. Collecting all the notes barely gives you any hint to what is going on too. I honestly don't know why this gets as much praise as it does."
,Not Recommended,414700,31631825,Posted: 8 May,all,mech788,"After being plagued with technical difficulties and disappointment with the new direction this game has gone I can't recommend it.The first Outlast and its dlc were fantastic experiences of what horror ought to be; being put in a desperate situation with only your wits to help you.  There are no guns, no regenerating health, no super powers.  You had to hide and evade your assailants with stealth and timing.  Apparently this drew ire from players since the devs decided to abandon this mechanic in Outlast 2.  They instead opted for more of an experience rather than a game.  Stealth is all but gone in 2 now replaced with many, many chase sequences which were present only a handful of times in 1 and its dlc.  I wouldn't have a problem if these sequences were done well but they become a trial and error process.  The reason for this is the developer decided to open up the level design reducing the claustrophobia feeling of the first game.  So it becomes very confusing where to go in these sequences.  And if you make one mistake you're immediately punished.  Thankfully the checkpoint system is forgiving and do help the player out in these sequences.  They do get very heavy handed towards the ending.  However these sequences are broken up by atmospheric dream scenarios that occur in a school.  This is where the game shines as it calls back to the first Outlast atmoshpere and gameplay.A new camera mic mechanic is introduced that could add terrifying dimensions to the gameplay but instead feels like an after thought as its just easier, in the end, to run from your enemies rather than use clever maneuvers and timing.  Im sure the term ""walking simulator"" would be brought up but as it stands this is what is popular of the times for horror games.  You may like it and find it rewarding.  That's great honestly!  I don't.  I want an experience AND a game.  Why can't we have both?"
,Recommended,414700,33481881,Posted: 12 July,all,Snort Cannon,"Outlast 2 is the long awaited sequel to the hit 2013 horror game Outlast and this time it’s not a mental institution, but instead a town populated by a religious cult.Story:Outlast 2 is a lot more story driven than the first game. You are put in the shoes of a journalist Blake Langermann. He and his wife Lynn are investigating the death of a pregnant young woman near an Arizona desert. After their helicopter crashes, Blake awakens to find Lynn missing and their pilot crucified to a cross. He soon finds himself hunted by two cults, who have sinister plans for Lynn and want Blake dead at all costs, so you are put into a place where you have to survive by any means necessary.Outlast 2 is just like its predecessor: both have a very subtle, hidden story, and by that I mean you have to collect notes to actually understand what is going on in the environments surrounding you. Outlast 2 however is a lot more forgiving in this aspect, as you don’t have to collect every note to understand what is going on.The story itself is interesting enough to keep you playing until the end, but it has a lot of problems. During the game, you are thrown into school segments quite frequently. These school sections act as a flashback to Blake’s past in Catholic school. What seems to (in theory) be a way to actually help you understand the story ends up actually making it more confusing that it needs to be. Also, the ending of this game is another one of those sequel/DLC bait endings.Graphics:Outlast 2 looks absolutely amazing. The environments look incredibly detailed, with the houses in which the cultists reside having a lot of attention of detail; like having portraits of their leader Sullivan Knoth, crosses, and a bunch of other religious items. The design of most sections are incredibly detailed, ranging from caves, churches, slaughterhouses, and a bunch more, making it a treat to look around. Also, the enemies have some cool design choices making them stand out from one another.Audio:Outlast 2 has some amazing audio design. Since this one takes place outside,s you hear a bunch of wilderness noises, which help build amazing atmosphere. Also, noises become a gameplay feature in Outlast 2 (I will cover this in the gameplay section). The orchestral soundtrack is also really good. The tracks used in the chase sequences are amazing and really keep you on the edge of your seat.Gameplay:Outlast 2 is pretty much identical to the first game apart from a few minor differences. One difference is the aforementioned audio tool. Your camera is equipped with an audio detection tool which helps you track footsteps of your enemies, helping you to avoid them. Another difference is the ability to record the world around you. Once Blake finds a thing that is worth documenting he starts recording. After that you can replay your footage at any point in time. You are now also able to hide in water, but of course not for long as you will run out of breath.Other than those few things Outlast 2 is a the same game as its predecessor, but it brings a few new problems that weren’t present in the first game. The first Outlast was a very confined game, only being able to run through corridors and small rooms, which made it hard to lose track on where you need to go. Outlast 2 is set outdoors, which makes knowing where you need to go an even bigger pain (more than it needs to be). Sometimes it’s obvious on where you need to go, but most of the time, you won’t know where you really need to be going, and this leads to many deaths, which might become frustrating to some.The stealth in Outlast 2 isn’t really a good option. Most enemies will spot you even when you’re hiding and will initiate chase sequences. The entire game feels more like a chase sequence as you try and avoid your enemies as long as possible.Verdict:I wasn’t a fan of the first Outlast, but I was intrigued by the setting of the sequel and decided to get it. I felt Outlast 2 was a bit better than the first game, but it does have a lot of problems. I don’t recommend getting it at full price. Wait for a discount. If you can get it for less than full retail, you are in for a great thrill ride.Final Rating:7/10Pros:+ Amazing visuals+ Creepy and intenseCons:- Story is weak and the ending is sequel bait- Level design is confusingYou can also read this review herehttp://www.ticgn.com/reviews/review-outlast-2-pc/and for other gaming and movie related news and reviews check outhttp://www.ticgn.com/"
,Not Recommended,414700,31423842,Posted: 28 April,all,wintermute,"This game doesn't hold a candle to the first. An extremely disappointing sequel that keeps all the gameplay elements from the frist game, but completely ditches any effort to make the game actually scary, or fun. I must admit that the game visually looks amazing, but it doesn't save the game from feeling like a boring 7-hour trial-and-error chase simulator.What a shame, I absolutely loved Outlast 1."
,Recommended,414700,31352122,Posted: 24 April,all,christianled59,"Exhilarating!8.5/10Outlast 2 is every bit of what I was hoping for a sequel. Beautifully terrifying environments, menacing enemies, and incredible ambience drive this game. It does a fantastic job of getting your heart pumping with a fair amount of scares here and there and adrenaline gushing chase scenes all over the place. This game has me saying ""oh sh*t, oh sh*t, OH SH*T"" more than most. That feeling of an enemy just behind you is absolutely anxiety provoking.Pros:Graphics and sound.Stunning! Right from the beginning in the helicopter to every single step, the sound makes for an incredibly immersive experience. The graphics are cutting edge; exactly what you'd expect from a AAA game.Story.I haven't finished the game yet, but so far I'm intrigued. The story has multiple layers; the search for your wife and a backstory that is reveiled through a series of flashbacks. There is also a struggle between what seems to be two factions. The world is also filled with pleanty of lore.Gameplay.It's very similar to the previous installment: collect batteries for your camera, use the nightvision mode to see better, etc. With Outlast 2 comes the addition of a sound meter to help you listen for enemies. The camera is also a bit more interactive on the story side of stuff this time around. The game is very built around stealth. You have no weapons and no way of defending yourself. You sneak around and hide to get away from enemies. Very nice game for any stealth fans.Cons:Level Design.This is a very minor con, but still something that bugged me. Compared to the first game, this game is much more open. Which is actually an improvement in most cases, but in some cases, it just made the game unnecessarily tedious. I could be searching for something very simple and obvious but just barely miss and it have to go through the same process of sneaking past enemies just to get it. Some parts of the levels look as if I should be able to easily go to, but I can't. It's either blocked off by something rather silly just to impede my path. The orginal Outlast did a good job of naturally guiding players without holding their hand. This game, my natural path seems like they just didn't think about as much.Conclusion:Outlast 2 is a fantastic horror game for a bargain price. It's built like a AAA experience with an intriguing story that complements its successful predecessor nicely. If you're a fan of horror and stealth, this is a must buy.8.5/10"
,Recommended,414700,31669300,Posted: 10 May,all,MrBrickfreak,Running from rednecks with pitchforks simulator 2017
,Not Recommended,414700,31454304,Posted: 29 April,all,PepicWalrus,"{EDITS MADE: Added link to bug video and some additions added.}I am sad that I have to thumbs this down.. I've been longing for this game since the first. But I have too.. I have to say it outright. If you're going to have to get one horror game then get the first Outlast, If you've already played it then get Res7.  Res7s pricetag is worth more then Outlast 2. Get Outlast 2 whenever it is on sale.Now the gameplay... Is it scary? Very rarely and it's just minor jumpscapes that barely get any reaction. A lot of scares are super predicable.   It's.. meh..  The video camera mechanics I had no personal problem with,, There are plenty of places to hide but you seldom use them. You use them only for Marta on occasion and it's not even the best tactic, Never for Nick/Lirad. Over all hiding in the barrels/closests/whatever else you can hide in is useless, better off just hiding against a wall waiting for them to walk past.The biggest issue with this game is the Trial and Error it requires, Unless you know where exactly the devs want you to run then you're going to die. You're going to die again and again to the point where monster encounters become frustrating and annoying more then anything. Oh and for all the running you do and how linear they are  you'd think the areas would be optimized for it.. they aren't. They're poorly designed with ZERO indeication on what the devs want you to do so you end up running around zerging the numerous chase scenes which is more then anything.I ran into one game breaking bug during the Mines section where i'd jumped the wrong direction and hit a trigger leading into the school section having already gone through it, it got stuck on a black screen and I had to return to menu. {Note my recording software was on Push 2 talk so it only recorded my friends voice so you're hearing one side.}https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LLO5D4VUEAMSince the first Outlast ended I was asking if there'd be a second. I wanted to know more about Murkoff and more about what the unleashed Walrider would do now possesing Miles.  But this was completely unrelated. The entire game I was waiting for the twist where the scientific side was revealed. Twist is there WAS NO TWIST.  Yet they teased the twist, The talked about a factory during the Helicopter ride, When at the lake it talks of reeking of chemicals, At the lake you can even see the facility where the radio/microwave bursts are coming from, Which in the Note 'Old Travelers' expalins it's an experiment set up by the Murkoff Corperation controlling peoples mind with microwave bursts.  SO IT'S THERE, If they'd tied it in directly then the ending would of made up for it as the story is all this game has going for it which it fails on that in the end.  The least they could of done is throw in an end credit scene leading into the DLC.They made a big mistake not using Murkoff more, They created an amazing evil corperation in the first one that has so much potential to be explroed. Not to say I didn't enjoy the crazy cultists I just wish they'd tied it in and gave even half an explanination.People are praising the open ending WHEN IT'S TERRIBLE. It's LAZY! It's a blatant 'You'll get the explainaton in the DLC.'The ending is a pile of garbage, I've no clue how people are praising it for how open ended it is when there's barely any conclusions one can come up with and those you can are boring and uncreative.  They should of tied in the experiment directly instead of just one note.I give this game a 5 out of 10. Graphics are beautiful apart from the animation, sound track is amazing, The curiousity to figure out what's going on is there but you'll ultimately be let down with the ending. Even collecting everything barely explains anything.If you're craving horror Play Outlast and Whistleblower DLC and Res7 THEN play Outlast 2  after it goes on sale for at least half price. It's got some good potential but the lazy ending and trial and error issues bog it down."
,Recommended,414700,33421588,Posted: 9 July,all,TheDantee - ダンテー,"This game is Pretty Good..... The Lack of Back Story to the Characters doesnt really make the ending or whole game feel like your 100% into it, however the atmosphere in this game is great. I recommend for those who have played the first one and to those who dont mind seeing guts everywhere and killed babies, etc. Outlast 2 is more of the Always Running Away from Enemies Version of the Game where as Outlast 1 is more you hide in the darkness and slowly move throughout the game silently as possible with very minimal running (at least compared to outlast 2). Overall would I recommend this game, YES!"
,Not Recommended,414700,34498285,Posted: 26 August,all,Grey Moth,"Not nearly as good as its predecessor. As it stands, it's an 'okay' title, but it's missing all of the actual creep and chills of the first. It's hard to explain, save to say that the game's completely changed in a manner not for the better. Your camera is now a mandatory part of your face for most of the game rather than a intense, yet seperate experience that felt crippling in the first. Sneaking is as worthless as it gets. You will die, alot, and constantly, until all fear of death is just frustrated sighing from seeing the same execution animations.It's a pity, because I think the story in this is fairly good. Not the most inspired thing in the world, ripping on the murderous inbred god fearing redneck trope, but they were doing it well and with enough interesting twists. However, the gameplay is such a slog that I just can't find myself at all excited to continue from one dark as hell corn field where your vision is constantly limited to five feet infront of your own face, to the next box-a-thon of lil houses with one escape route, and absolutely no reason to enter those houses save to loot batteries, peek out the window, and gun for the next little house to sit there and sigh, wait, rinse and repeat.As it stands, this is a pretty average title. I give it a thumbs down because I wanted more Outlast, which was a hidden gem of awesome."
,Not Recommended,414700,31470002,Posted: 30 April,all,Fraolinch,"I wanted this game to be good. I really did.I loved the original Outlast and I was really hoping the devs would improve on its flaws to bring a better experience.Instead it looks like they decided to go down the ""let's cram our game chock-full of cheap jumpscares and cliché 'violent' deaths and gore for youtubers and streamers!"" route, instead of crafting a well thought-out, coherent, and above all CONSISTENT experience for the PLAYER.The game, summed up, is basically ""run past/away from X enemy/enemies and die a few times going down the wrong way until you find the right way to the exit"".There are tons of barrels, closets, lockers, tall grass and everything that make it look like you're SUPPOSED to hide and stealth your way through, but the AI and level design are broken so you'll always either end up found within seconds, or even if they don't find you, it just means you're safe as long as you stay hidden, but if you get out of your hiding spot you'll instantly be found and will just have to run anyway.Not only that, but the actual control of your character is inconsistent too. Sometimes it'll feel smooth as butter and super satisfying to dash past your enemies frantically looking for the exit, but many times you'll just grunt in frustration as that one tiny little piece of rock just stopped you dead in your tracks, forcing you to look around in confusion to understand what happened, often times leading to enemies catching up to you and killing you.The graphics are a huge improvement, the sound design is on point (both the score and the ambient sounds, like the rustling from walking/crawling through the grass is pretty neat).The story is alright. What I mean by that is it's engaging enough if you just let yourself be carried through it without overthinking it, but by the end you'll have no idea what the ♥♥♥♥ was actually going on until you've read all the notes and remembered all the little details of the FIRST game's story which, by the way, isn't explicitely tied into the second game in any way. Nothing encourages you to actually think back to it. You'd have to think of it yourself or thoroughly read ALL of the notes which you aren't likely to do when they ultimately make you think they're just twisted religion gibberish and just decide to skip them altogether.All in all, I'd say this game is worth experiencing if you get it on sale. It's not a terrible game, or even a BAD game.It's just a big disappointment that feels like a cheap attempt at capitalizing on the youtube/twitch clickbait bandwagon.I wouldn't recommend it at full price.EDIT : typos."
,Not Recommended,414700,31496696,Posted: 1 May,all,DotS,"If I had to put it into one word: Frustrating. If I had 3 words: Trial and error.Run away. Find a rather large open and unknown area in front of you and guess within seconds where you could have to go. Try the door - Nope, locked. You die. Try again. Run somewhere else, dead end. You die. Try again. Find another way, get cornered - you die. Try again. At some point you find the correct path and may continue.Rinse and repeat forever and you get Outlast 2. At this point I'm looking up walkthroughs because re-trying over and over again isn't fun. The first one did it way better, since it was a rather confined space and you didn't have too many options where you could go. This one is just guessing and failing.If you haven't played the first one - go do that. If you did, you may wanna wait for a sale before getting this."
76561198119405777,Not Recommended,414700,31362485,Posted: 25 April,all,Volteran,"Wow, what can I say this game was just a let down. The first Outlast was amazing and had a great cliff hanger for a new one and they give us this pile of garbage. The boss enemy types that you fight in this game aren't even on the level as the first game. The level design of the game was awful and felt like it was a running chase the whole game. The first Outlast had you finding keycards or flipping switches to progress and all this game was run, make wrong turn, die and repeat. The flashbacks in the game were awful and took you out of the moment when the story was trying to move foward. In conclusion, this game is not worth $30 maybe worth 5 at most if you are a fan of the the first game."
,Not Recommended,414700,31447549,Posted: 29 April,all,Illuminati,"Outlast 2 just made zero sense. The story was so complicated to follow and realizing what it was about, just felt cliche. I will say though, this is probably one of the best atmospheric experiences I've ever had. If you can buy the game when it's on sale. It's not worth the 30 dollars. I'd probably go for Little Nightmares than this. 5/10 -Buy it on sale.(BTW This is coming from a BIG Outlast fan. Very upsetting to say the least.)"
,Recommended,414700,31353133,Posted: 25 April,all,Howlux,"1. Good story, but could be better2. Sounds and music rly good and scary3. Cards it`s always good4. Screamers sometimes try to scary, but can`t, bec it`s predictable5. Rly good start for game, but horrible end part for game. I mean - school / real life / school / real life. In school - you need run. In real life - you need run.6. RUN RUN RUN RUN. And nothing else. Sometimes you can hide. But only sometimes. Run from Nick/ run from Marta/ run from Val and run in school. Always run.And i forgot - good optimizationRecommend only for atmosphere in  1/4 part off game, story and music/sounds.I feel like I wasted time in a damn repetitive chase simulator.6/10"
,Not Recommended,414700,31424200,Posted: 28 April,all,Crafekster,"Outlast 2 has cool setting for horror as well as some nice moments, but the game is working against you and does not feel the least bit proper.To think that the game is basing itself on a more open enviornment where you can go in and out of a house would allow for freedom with running and hiding, but the exact opposite is true. The smallest of things will block you, half of the times you absolutely do not know where to go when you most needed it, its super linear and there is no actual thoughtful level design.Anyone will be able to see that box you have to lead the enemy around so you can go through that chokepoint the same enemy appeared from. It does that trick so many times, its dumb.It does not feel like it actually played around with its game. It did not come up with clever methods that the player themselves can do good manoeuvres to escape with, or give them room for it. I do not know why people are praising this game when its just a super one path game.﻿The drawbacks outweigh the good parts way too much, there are a few clever things I want to mention about the game but its not worth it."
76561197968858994,Not Recommended,414700,31368367,Posted: 25 April,all,Blind Potato,"Not recommend. Wait for a sale and pick it up for 50%.Environments are all 10/10 - superb. Unfortunately, Outlast 2 is a watered-down Mirror's Edge in a creepy setting. The hilariously lame notes you collect read like a diary from an 13 year old who's desperately attempting to be edgy. There are a perplexing amount of zombified hillbillies in this quaint, theocratic suburb. While unnerving at first, once you settle in to the atmosphere, the game become tedious. Cliché puzzlers bridge the gaps between chase sequences. Occasionally, you're treated with a cut scene. And while the voice acting is above par, none of the dialogue qualifies scary or original. The psychological thrills and anxiety just aren't there - you're simply chased every 10-15 minutes or so. I found it odd that the game presents so many options for hiding, locking and barricading doors, yet you're almost never put in a position to utilize those options. Running away easily gets the job done except for a couple of occasions. Want to beat this game in just a few hours?... Run.I was excited to play the game, and shocked when I saw the $30 price tag. Now I understand. While the graphics qualify for AAA, the gameplay comes nowhere close. While I will absolutely finish the game at some point, it'll will most likely happen on a day I have nothing better to play. Also the school sequences are very annoying. The most horrifying moment in game happened while being chased in the school. I hid under a desk only to have a demon's bloody donger just.... hanging out. Actually, I just laughed my♥♥♥♥♥off.The first Outlast was superb, and still far superior to this game - even with the outdated graphics."
76561198053905195,Not Recommended,414700,34923184,Posted: 13 September,all,Moonstonecannon,"Linear design,Enemies that can see you through walls and more trial and error than discovery"
,Recommended,414700,34427780,Posted: 22 August,all,Anna Kist,"I'm a big fan of the Outlast series. I've played the original game and the DLC, and thoroughly enjoyed them, so I was eagerly anticipating this sequel when I heard it was being released. It did not disappoint. Unlike the original game, which is set in a mental asylum, Outlast 2 is mostly set outdoors, around a remote town inhabited by deranged cultists. No prior experience of the Outlast series is required - you can easily play this game without having played the first, as the main characters and plot are entirely different. You play a cameraman who must rescue his wife, a journalist investigating a strange murder, after she was kidnapped by the cultists.I thought Outlast 2 was much better than the original. Not only is there a larger variety of locations and a more interesting storyline, but the graphics and gameplay have been improved as well. My main complaint about this game (and the original Outlast game) is that it's far more gory/violent than scary. In fact, as you progress through the game, the amount of gore becomes increasingly ridiculous. There are a few good jumpscares, as well as a general atmosphere of ""creepiness"" in places, but overall I didn't find the game particularly scary. Also, the chase scenes start to get a bit much. They're fun at first, and certainly quite tense, but after a while you just start to think ""oh no, not this again!"".Overall, Outlast 2 is a very good game, and a must-have for horror fans. However, it still contains many of the same problems that the first game suffered."
76561198150183370,Not Recommended,414700,31482050,Posted: 1 May,all,CRTmatrix,"Chasing sequences seriously blemished experience. It brought a very little of stealth or puzzles, but a lot of linnear pursuit, that became tedious very quickly. I realy hope, that initiator of this will change his tastes for sake of any future projects. I might also mention excessive color filters, but it's not a big deal.In the rest it's a pretty game with good visuals and artistics. If you don't mind the refered flaws, you may enjoy it much."
,Not Recommended,414700,31389158,Posted: 27 April,all,UselessMouth,"Finished. Absolutely same gameplay as the first one, that didn't hold up well after 2-3 hours. Run and Hide mechanic gets really boring real fast without compelling story. Notes, camera recordings are not interesting - they artificially stretch your playthrough and waste your time, same with one-shot-animation enemies.Story in Outlast 2 doesn't have any tension nor emotion. Characters and villains are flat, story ain't even trying to do any emotional connection with the player. Whole concept of the story is ""2serious4u"". Fun and interesting are nowhere to be found. ""Evil Dead""ish concept would be better situated for this game. Feels like author of the story didn't give a ♥♥♥♥♥♥.Graphics look good though, but some camera effects can give you a headache.The Game feels like uninspired cash-grab from developers, like Resident Evil 7 for example. You guys (developers) can do better and you didn't even try, but at least your game is better than RE7, well done.Outlast 1, despite it's walkie-simulator nature, had something on it's own.Outlast 2 doesn't have anything new.Play ""Cry of Fear"" instead, it's free.Fair price, recommended for sensitive people that don't play a lot of videogames, don't watch movies nor read books.3/10"
76561198272334312,Recommended,414700,32822453,Posted: 26 June,all,Puedo,You dont know extreme anxiety until you have played this game
,Not Recommended,414700,31387980,Posted: 26 April,all,FANTAK,"I'll be honest, this is a chase simulator so far not the horror game we all expected...I am a huge fan of Outlast, the graphics and soundtracks are amazing in this game. However the gameplay is simply trail and error/chase. This is not fun, this is reptitvly boring"
,Recommended,414700,32863416,Posted: 27 June,all,Bukvica,"This is the second game in the Outlast franchise, if you don't count the DLC Whistleblower.This game has great graphics, story and characters, you just have to look into it, if you want the full story.This is a horror game, you don't want to miss and now on sale, it's even better!"
76561197991756666,Recommended,414700,34871355,Posted: 10 September,all,nerk hayze,"Horror GameA true classic.Well made,beautiful looking game. A world that made me immerse myself in-it wanting to OR NOT.These dev's were masters of the Unreal engine!The dimly lit scenes insisting that I use the ultra-violet lense on my camcorder, & where I didn't need it-everything so realistically & carefully made.Even though,the 1st Outlast game had the feeling of mental asylum gone-haywire,the cult-influence spread throughout the sparse, rocky, thorny Arizona desert/like agricultural area,was so permeated in a society so drenched in itself (so cut-off from society),void of today's norms.I completed the game in less than 15 hours.Your protagonist is truly a likable fellow, someone we endured the experience WITH thoroughly,& in the worst binds & corners in the most Scooby doo way possible :)In this game you had to think a little too,beyond the RUN, run, run rule of the Outlast 1.Note:I recommend that the game BE ENJOYED BY AN ADULT AUDIENCE,it gets crude, nudity, a degree of violenceGame On"
,Recommended,414700,31360502,Posted: 25 April,all,❣Flair❣,West Baptist Church The Simulator 2017
,Not Recommended,414700,31418857,Posted: 28 April,all,VictoriousViper,"Running simulator 2017The hide mechanics are useless, you can just simply outrun the enemies by making a b-line across the map or learning the path you're supposed to be going by taking notes everytime you die. There are a few good unexpected Jumpscares but after seeing the witch woman destroy your crotch for the umpteenth time is starts to get old.Good atmosphere and graphics though.Save your money5/10"
76561198126867877,Not Recommended,414700,31364358,Posted: 25 April,all,Claws4life,"109 minutes into the game so far ( nearly 2 hours ) and I've only been kinda scared by a jump scare like once or twice. It feels like a really boring game compared to Outlast 1. I'm not trying to offend anyone but I don't seem to be getting scared by the game at all compared to Outlast 1 which gave me nightmares. In Outlast 1 what scared me and entertained me was the closed environment design, which gave me all kinds of horrors ( I even still remember some of the memorable creepy characters in the original Outlast like Chris Walker from the main game, and the crazy cannibal from whistleblower.) But In this game there's too much open space, barrels and water containers to hide in. Heck even all kinds of grass are tall enough for you to hide in, there were instances where I could pass by my opponents less than a meter away by simply crouching in the tall grass. The only place where I got kinda scared was the school cause of closed environment, but once you go outside there's all kinds of places to run away from your opponents with zero fear. I just kept progressing and moving on without feeling uncomfortable for nearly 2 hours, whereas in Outlast 1 just 20 minutes into the game I was already scared for my life.  I'm honestly going to be refunding this game because it's just not as terrifying and as challenging for me as Outlast 1 was.Again maybe the game gets scarier later on or I'm going too fast.  But if I'm not getting scared with nearly 2 hours into the game, maybe the game's open environment design just isn't for me.I know I'm gonna be offending alot of people with this review, but again I'm just writing this based on my own experience and my humble opinion."
,Recommended,414700,31375653,Posted: 26 April,all,λlsnana deat,"Bizarre ending and slightly bizarre game. The first one had somehow better closure.If you liked the first one, chances are you'll like this one too. But if you didn't like the first one, you may just hate this one even more. They improved on the mechanics and added more to hide and seek, but sometimes it won't work. Enemies are mostly faster but you build up lots of speed in return along with an exhaustion mechanic that will barely affect you on nightmare. Mostly against two enemies in the game. You'll just have to try and see.Chases are really fun and full of tension, it's why I enjoyed this game a lot. However, there are misleading paths sometimes which are kind of unneeded. The first one had linear paths when you're being chased and that was fine.One of the more stupid things they changed is how the camera works when you're capturing an event. I don't get why it takes so long. Though it's kind of cool it actually records from what you're seeing, but it's still rather pointless to wait this long. But atleast it helps the fact you don't have to pull out your cam 24/7 like in the first one (to make sure you don't miss out on anything, O BOY 7 HOUR RECORDING)I won't comment on story or lore because that♥♥♥♥♥♥is really subjective.However, if there's one thing I have to say, I prefer Outlast's 1 main character. He was more cynical and more fitting for the game and he was kind of funny at most times which is heartwarming after tense stuff. (same can be said for Blake but still)What I'm saying is you can easily relate to the character in the first, but not really to Blake.Silent protagonists fit this kind of thing way more than Blake. Even though Blake isn't as bad as Simons from Soma, he still comments on things rather weirdly. And the things he says when you examine your camera footage is just.. ehh???Also, don't be a ♥♥♥♥♥. A lot of people are like wwaa sish so scary but it isn't that bad. Brave your inner fears!The performance is amazing on my GTX 660, mostly on high settings. Nowadays games are really badly optimized for this kind of GPU and I would like to upgrade, but it's nice to enjoy a game that looks decent enough.TLDR; worth if you enjoyed the first one. If you hate the first one, don't bother. If you haven't played the first one yet, try that one out first."
76561198070882139,Recommended,414700,31357470,Posted: 25 April,all,PaperMannnnnnnnn,"A masterpiece horror game.  10/10!Nice paced, story rich, and organized all horror element pretty good."
76561198001878620,Not Recommended,414700,31385949,Posted: 26 April,all,76561198001878620,"It sucks that people downvote any negative reviews because of fanboism and overall hype. Please use common sense.I completed the game and I didn't enjoy it. It looks like something that would be worth its 23 pounds but I personally regret buying it. I'm not a massive fan of horror games but I really wanted to try Outlast 2 anyways. I haven't played Outlast 1 much but I can say for sure that it's way more interesting, thrilling and atmospheric than Outlast 2 for many reasons.No spoilers to the ending but it was quite disappointing because you really would expect something different after 6+ hours of gameplay (I know some people completed the game in less than 6 hours), not essentially a ""better"" ending but just a different ending overall.If you enjoyed the game, that's really great and I'm happy for youbut if you don't enjoy the game the first 1 hour - refund it. It really doesn't get much better as you progress as much as I hate to say it.Hope you enjoy the game and if you don't enjoy it then hopefully you will be able to refund it at least!"
76561198048974498,Recommended,414700,31562701,Posted: 5 May,all,rjmacready,"Outlast instantly became, and shall forever remain, one of my favourite games of all time. Not just horror: GAMES, period. Ditto its DLC, Whistleblower. So given my obvious bias, why don't I start with what's DIFFERENT this time around? (My advice to those who are yet to play the original: play that first. It's utterly brilliant, and cheaper, so why the hell would you start here?)Most of the mechanics remain the same, though there's a couple of notable additions. First of all, in addition to crouching, there's crawling, which certainly adds a bit of extra tension to proceedings as it's often hard to spot those tiny holes you can squeeze yourself into, especially when under pressure from a pursuing antagonist. Even more significantly, your camera has an added feature: a microphone which can clue you in as to the direction and proximity of enemies. Careful, though...the mike sucks power just as surely as the old, familiar nightvision, and even on the easiest difficulty this game is anything but generous with batteries. There's also a bit of healing, in the form of bandages, so your standard inventory has not one but two items in it this time (personally, I was quite happy with just the batteries, but video games is as video games does).One new feature I was definitely ambivalent about was the decision to replace the first game's self-scribbled ""notes"" with chunks of replayable video footage with brief monologues over the top. In fact, I can't say that I much cared for the sheer volume of time our protagonist spends talking to himself, period; as opposed to the first game, which was mostly limited to a combination of heavy breathing, grunts, and groans. Don't get me wrong: I talk to myself all the time, so I'm not calling bull♥♥♥♥♥♥on the realism here, but...it does seem a bit overly ""expository"" and gets a bit wearing after a while. A bit less of this by Outlast 3, eh, Red Barrels?Okay, so what about story? Well, there were two things I was personally hoping for from this sequel: that they would set it in a completely different location, and that the ""plot"" would have little to nothing to do with the original. Careful what you wish for, eh? (Boo-sucks to those who DIDN'T get their wishes fulfilled.) To qualify, though, I basically didn't think there was much more mileage in the asylum setting OR the ""walrider"" premise, and thought it would shake things up all the more to set a good swathe of it outdoors. (Oh that's alright, Red Barrels, I understand you're a bit tapped for funds so soon after the game's release...but I will be expecting my sizeable pay cheque sometime before the end of the year. Cheers in advance. PS: Outlast 3...in the snow. We'll discuss THAT payment later.)What about the nitty-gritty? Quality of gameplay? Quality of maps and overall game structure? Hmmm. It's hard to be terribly objective after only a single playthrough, but I will say that while this is a horror game of the absolute highest quality, I'm not sure the mapping is quite as brilliantly (almost effortlessly) intuitive as the first time around, and the story structure didn't seem to be quite as compellingly crafted by comparison. That said, perhaps it just never had a hope of being quite as ""fresh"" as the first Outlast, a game which for yours truly delivered upon the extraordinary promise shown by the likes of Amnesia: The Dark Descent, and officially announced the ""stealth-horror"" sub-genre as a gaming twist which would be around for a very, very long time.I can't even say if I have some sort of kinky preference for asylum inmates with sewn-up genitalia over rapey cultists who like to fill pits with charred babies. I honestly love both of those set-ups - what sane person wouldn't! - so I'm gonna go the cowardly route and simply state that this is in almost every conceivable way the best sequel we could have realistically hoped for, given what a thoroughly gob-dropping and completely unexpected kick-to-the-goolies the first Outlast was. To say that this sequel had some pretty mighty expectations to live up to would be one of the understatements of the millennium (it's early days yet, though, so let's not get ahead of ourselves).A few clever clogs have also observed that while the first Outlast was more of a ""hide-and-seek"" simulator, this is perhaps more of a ""running simulator"". While it shouldn't surprise to hear you that that's a bit of a dumbed-down generalisation, I will agree that this one does have quite a few more full-blown chase sequences, in which you're better off bolting than trying anything more subtle. On the whole, it's a notably more action-packed sequel to an already quite action-packed first game...yeah, I know, what a ♥♥♥♥in' surprise eh? Just look at the general reception for Amnesia: The Dark Descent versus that of Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs if you wanna see why devs don't LOWER the action ante from game to game.In other words: we all knew this was gonna happen. And it's still a long, long way from Resident Evil 6, so I wouldn't go worrying about this franchise just yet. It certainly gets relentless at times, making this either an exceedingly tense game or a tiresomely repetitive one, depending on your sensibilities (personally, I found it so tense I could only play it in relatively short bursts...so it's two very big thumbs up from me on THAT front, certainly)!Another frequently levelled criticism is that this installment is far more ""trial-and-error"" than the first. I'm not going to disagree with this: there are definitely more ""cheap"" deaths. That said, the save and check-pointing system is so generous that you never get thrown back any great distance, so my personal pet hate of having to replay ten or more minutes of already-conquered game certainly isn't applicable. You pretty much get a save right before every notably dangerous part in the game, so once you work out what you're doing, you're not so badly off.In conclusion, should this game appeal to most people who enjoyed the first? Most, yes. It's much the same game, with a few changes and a bit of added influence from games it helped inspire, such as Alien: Isolation (the mike functioning as a kind of aural ""motion detector"", and the insta-kill enemies appearing from the earliest moments on even the easiest difficulty). If anything, a part of me would have been happy if they'd changed up a bit LESS in the gap between games, but I do appreciate the need for developers to ""progress"" and appease ever-changing markets and whatnot (and at least they didn't kowtow to all the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s demanding they add in weapons or the ability to consistently defend oneself; the spirit of the original is still alive and well in that regard).Oh, and PS...the whole Resident Evil 7 versus Outlast 2 debate? Hahaha. Oh, hahahahaha. Nope. Not even gonna go there. No idea who's even the chicken and who's the egg, and I'm not gonna bore you with my half-arsed theories. Let's just say they're somewhat similar, mostly different, and both absolutely ♥♥♥♥ing top-rate horror games...and there's always a thing called SALES if you find the current RRPs a tad steep. Buy 'em both if you genuinely dig the horror genre. 'Nuff said.Verdict: 9.5/10."
,Recommended,414700,31367943,Posted: 25 April,all,Satsujinki,"Chris Walker: Welcome back, little pig!Me: YES DADDY! I meant YESSSS I'M BACK!!!!!"
,Recommended,414700,31365894,Posted: 25 April,all,Onoxiuzz,Not my proudest fap.
,Not Recommended,414700,31454517,Posted: 29 April,all,Arkham Soldier,"Way less scarier game than the first one and there are only a few encounters that is about stealth cuz most of them are about running away.The first game got some good encounters, such as Walker, Trager and the Wallrider that required more stealth than just running away.That is the problem with Outlast 2. Sure it got a big environment but it just about running to a checkpoint or a scripted event. There are only a few good encounters and the rest are mostly the same(go into a big environment and get chase until the checkpoint) What the hell were they thinking about when making the encounters anyway?Also the puzzles are not that good too.This game also got the world's fastest camcorder. Seriously try playing the game with nightvision one and see how many batteries u used up.Lastly I get it that u cant fight back during the first game cuz the enemies are from an asylum but come on at least let us push back or punch the enemies in outlast 2. The enemies( except some) in it look like they have not eaten anything for days!!!So here is my opinion:Horror games should have encounters in tight spaces (but not too tight) and rely more on stealthing than running away. Better graphics does not mean a better game.I will recommend u all the first one  but if u want the second one buy it when there is a sale cuz it is also a short game."
,Recommended,414700,31365351,Posted: 25 April,all,Abd ulR ahman,<3
,Not Recommended,414700,31386529,Posted: 26 April,all,Reyson Fox,"It's hard to compare the two when the original Outlast was a great milestone after Amnesia: The Dark Descent. Outlast 2 is not a bad game don't get me wrong however, in this second installment on my initial playthrough I was really enjoying the beginning storyline as you end up in this dark ritualistic cult situation but than immediately this game threw me into a ""Trial and Error"" game with the first monster and so on and so forth right up at bat. The game is force fed with a linear path, and constantly dying to get your bounds of the area. You die more often than not trying to find the passage onwards than by fear or mistakes, and so you just die until you repeat it over and over until you find it. In Outlast 1 they had this but it kept it quite open and understandable where to go next. In this sequel the way on is always some hidden crack, hole or gap that you always fail to enter the first (or several times) because the enemies do the one-hit kill or is covered in darkness, every time. The character you play as is sluggish, dumb and just downright not original.As you progress further you will realize it's just point A to point B and just die from trial and errors over and over. It's scary and fun the first few dozen times, but if you are already getting killed countless times at the beginning and have to constantly run, go through death cutscene over and over you immediately lose the fear factor and never get to blend into the immersion of the game. In the first one they built up the suspense and direction of the horror elements. But in this sequel it is far less than what was needed in this sequel. And how could you compare? The game is twice as dark than the first game. You lose your light you are pretty much ♥♥♥♥ed. In first one you could still feel and figure your way through. And since the surroundings are always rock, trees, wooden objects and pure darkness you don't get to see much the whole time. The story is ALOT like Resident Evil 4. Same cult, village and psychotic religious leader with an agenda for your wife in the boons.I found myself just doing repeats until I figure out the path ahead of me and that is about it. The higher difficulties only make the enemies just faster that is it. If you outrun them or go out of their range they despawn. Also hiding is practically useless - which was a very big thing in the first one that meant survival. But here I felt most the time jumping into barrels and under beds tedious and well downright not needed. All you got to do is run, die countless times until you know the path ahead of you, that is it. Also there is not many options for places to hide or alternate to. Lastly the game from what I have seen does not last long, in fact much quicker than the first game. Just in two days alone some killjoy already speed runned this game on Insanity Mode already so there goes any real initiaitve to 100% it now since it's been done in less than two days it has been out. I would recommend buying this on sale and wait.I bought in on the hype and now I am into for the long haul. I am still going to enjoy it, the game has its spooks and suspense but I feel this game will die out faster than it's original or even Resident Evil 7 or Alien: Isolation at this point. I hope for the best but so far I am finding myself in this game more frustrated than I am fearful of it."
,Not Recommended,414700,31759203,Posted: 14 May,all,Kryptik,"Game BackgroundOutlast 2 is a first-person survival horror, filled to the brim with shock value. (Basically ""trigger warning the game"") The games 'story' follows Blake Langermann, a male investigative journalist/cameraman, and his wife Lynn.  Blake and Lynn get a tip about a mysterious murder that happens in the rural outskirts of Northen Arizona.  Being a great break for two small time investigative journalists, the couple sets out to document the cause of the murder.  This quicky turns into a living nightmare when the couple's helicopter is disabled and crashes, separating the couple, and leaving Blake to fend for himself and find his wife.(Sounds like a decent set up to a horror story plot)My Experience(Spoilers)Being a huge fan of Outlast and the Outlast Whistleblower DLC I was excited when I heard Outlast 2 was in the works.  After waiting painstaking months for the game to finally release, I went into the game blind.  I was able to play through the full game in a few sessions, each being 3-4 hours long.The beginning of this game started great; introducing characters, setting up plot, exposing the player to a beautiful atmosphere.  If there is anything that truely blew me away about this game is the jump in polish and graphics this game has compaired to its predecessors.  Being an 'Outlast' game you can expect no combat, other than some occasional 'quick time events' that happen periodically throughout the game, these however and few to non.I quickly became immersed in this twisted location as I made my way deeper into the village. Learning more about two feuding cults.  The sense of horror was very authentic for the first few hours.  Seeing subtle details around the environment, like how cult members would be watching you through trees and out of houses, developing a real sense of suspense.Through the reading of notes and hints in the environment as I progressed, I started to become aware at just how demented this place was.  Constantly passing by horrid sites of stripped naked bodies, dead children, torture rooms, and much more.  The sadistic religious preachings and mentality was also nothing short of disturbing.  I was also very impressed with the seamless transitions from the real time of the game to distorted memories of Blakes past in a Catholic school.  The school sections of the game, despite the latter constant running from the hand creature, were very errie and some of my favorites.  But much like the school sections the game quickly started becoming increasingly frustrating.  I started loosing that feeling of dread when every corner I turn around would have another enemy that would either one hit me (due to hard difficulty) or cause me to break out into another sprint, frantically searching for the one small crack in the wall, or door that the developers wanted me to go to, thus progressing the game.  The amount of trial and error in this game is uncanny and quickly becomes the downfall of the gameplay.  Trial and error being something that I find hard to work well into horror games.There were times that my frustration turned into a fuel that basically powered me through certian sections of the game. (The dammed forest section leading to the mine especially.)  Due to this I quickly started missing some notes, which doesn't sound like a huge issue.  However, I quickly came to realize that some of the notes bascially told the entire plot of the game.  Something that isn't well explained in the context of Blake's adventure.I frustratingly continued my way through the middle to late game, barely getting a single breather from the constant barrage of overly alert enemies and 'boss like characters'.  I cannot describe the amount of frustration I had trying to navigate my way around the arrow shooting, brute riding, midget.  Constantly being shot through the dark, out of nowhere, by an insta-death arrow to the head.  After some more ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and 'story' development I made it to the end, face to face with Nnoth (leader of the cult) himself.  Someone that the game does a great job making the player hate and want to kill.  I was so ready for the crazy payoff I would be getting from 'running the gauntlet' the past 5 hours.  This however, becomes the most 'slap in the face' moment I think I have had in gaming.  Knoth giving his final monolouge, then cutting his own throat, while Blake says absolutly nothing about it.  I do not understand why the game devs would put so much work into making the player hate such a horrid character, to then give the player no input in ending that characters life or fufilling any reward for surviving this long.And that's basically where the story ends.  In finding all the notes you learn that the same company from the first game is back and doing a test that causes peoples fears to be projected on others, thus causing all of the madness.  Which I could have ran with as an interesting plot idea.  However, the open ended story to this game left me feeling like I did everything, for nothing.  No resolution to Blake, loosing his wife, believing he has a child, and going insane himself.  Also no resolution to the events taking place in the school and how that effected Blake, besides his friend/lover? getting♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by a teacher then falling down the stairs to her death.ConclusionBasically this game strived for so much and had a strong foundation, yet left to poor choices in gameplay design and writing direction, was doomed to crumble.  In the end leaving us with a game that looks beautiful and sounds amazing but leaving me/the player feeling like the whole experience was for nothing.  I just hope that other games will use Outlast 2 as a reference on how not to pace, or structure the gameplay of their game.Hopefully Red Barrel Studios will also learn from this mistake and improve for a, more than likely, DLC to Outlast 2.  Something that sadly shouldn't have to rely on DLC to fix, but at this point would be appreciated in giving the community some sort of satisfaction.I really hoped to be able to recommend this game, but this is a game that I would more so recommend to watch someone else play or pick it up on sale if you are interested in the story that is there, and a few intense and scary moments.Pros-Beautiful graphics and effects-Immersive environment and detail-Interesting plot idea-Great subtle start to a horror gameCons-Increasingly worsening pacing-Overuse of elements that break immersion-Lack of context story-Minor AI issues-Lack of conclusion"
76561198162322004,Recommended,414700,31699027,Posted: 12 May,all,CrazedBoy,"I totally recommend you to buy this game.Im not extreemly into horror/scary games but I still did indeed enjoy playingthis game. In this game you will have to do a lot of exploration and your own adventureto get to the new place and to complete the mission.I just finished the first mission and I'm trying to get to the next one and then the next one.As a warning, this game is super super scary even in the normal mode and a lot of jump scares.Extremely bloody, inappropiate and even brutal.I would not recommend this game to anyone who is sensitive or not wanting to experience graphic content."
,Recommended,414700,31525457,Posted: 3 May,all,LawAgent,"Outlast 2 has some pretty big shoes to fill, following the success of its predecessor and its truly excellent piece of DLC. Red Barrels were not ones to shy away from the challenge though, creating a sequel that has a lot of ambition behind it, willing to experiment with a variety of new things instead of just playing it safe.  While the status quo of what makes Outlast Outlast is still there, a lot of these new elements, for better or for worse, pretty much ensure the game will not be well received by quite as wide an audience as the first game was.The story follows cameraman Blake Langermann, who is in search of his wife Lynn following a helicopter crash in northern Arizona. Blake soon finds himself in an isolated town populated by a heavily religious community which has seemingly lost its mind in fear of the anti-Christ.  They believe Lynn carries the anti-Christ in her womb and wish to kill her as well as Blake to bring peace to the world. So it is up to the player to save Lynn and escape the town.While all this is happening, Blake is haunted by visions of his past, which take the form of brief segments of play, in which you navigate the catholic school that Blake used to attend when he was younger. I found these segments to be the highlight of the game, remaining strong throughout its duration, while the non-hallucination segments grew significantly weaker in their level design as the game went on (with the exception of a couple setpiece moments in the second half). Blake’s hallucinations also help to make him feel like more of a character than previous Outlast protagonists as well as telling a rather good Silent Hill-esque story.The main narrative of the game is a lot more divisive, however, feeling relatively abstract and open to a lot of interpretation. While I personally see it as a general improvement over how the first game ended by explaining everything away, effectively killing all the mystery with a rather uninspired answer, it is still not without its faults. The story doesn’t exactly end in a satisfying manner and how much you take away from the ending comes down to how much time you are willing to invest into reading the subtext of the game and the various theories spun from it. The first game’s ending left me bored and annoyed, the second game’s ending left me scratching my head in confusion. This confusion did motivate me enough to do research and come to my own conclusions about the story, but I can definitely see how most people will come away from it annoyed at the open-endedness and lack of concrete answers.The core gameplay remains largely the same with a couple of new additions. There are a few new ways of interacting with the environment, whether it take the form of new hiding spots, such as barrels and tall grass, or being able to lock doors to slow down the enemies chasing you.  The camera also possesses a couple new functions, such as the directional microphone which, while most times relatively useless, can offer some insight on enemy locations during some of the stealth segments. Being able to record specific moments and elements in the environment and re-watching them with Blake’s narration is also a welcome change, feeling like a logical evolution of the notes the protagonists of the first game took.As with all things, you have to take the good with the bad. Some of the new additions are rather questionable as they serve to frustrate more than to improve. The new health and stamina system is the prime culprit in this regard. Regenerating health has been removed, perhaps due to the developers feeling it made the game too easy or unrealistic, and in its place is a manual healing system. While this sounds good on paper, it becomes annoying and frustrating during chase segments, as taking a hit will stop you from sprinting as fast as you would normally. This allows enemies to catch up to you, leaving you with pretty much nothing to do, since the healing animation would take too long. The stamina system suffers from the same issues. Blake is able to sprint normally and even speed up if his running goes uninterrupted. However, Blake grows tired after some time, to the point where his sprinting slows down to a crawl. While most chase sequences are balanced around this, a couple chases towards the end of the game go on way beyond the point where Blake has lost his breath, causing many an unfair death.Another rather divisive part of the game is the level design. Considering most of the game takes place outside, the environments are a lot larger. Gone are the claustrophobic and narrow hallways of Mount Massive Asylum. While this can work in making you feel lost and isolated, it can also lead to frustration and confusion, as sometimes finding the correct path to go down during a chase can be needlessly difficult. The first third of the game strikes a good balance between more open and focused environments. The rest of the game, however, suffers from the areas being either too open or too cramped, leaving the school segments to be the driving force in the second and last third of the game.While there are a lot of frustrating elements in Outlast 2, it still stands tall as an extremely intense horror game. When the game is at its best, it truly feels like you are taking part in exciting chase sequences reminiscent of the best parts of Call of Cthulhu: Dark Corners of the Earth. The atmosphere here is also excellent, with some amazing art direction featuring rather gruesome and disturbing imagery as well as masterfully executed sound design. This is all capped off by an excellent soundtrack, made by returning composer Samuel Laflamme.Outlast 2 is a good horror game, though one that has its fair share of flaws. That said, how much certain issues, such as the abstract nature of the story or the open level deisgn, will bother you will vary from person to person. If anything, Red Barrels deserve to be commended for trying something a bit different instead of just rehashing the first game with a new coat of paint. While the sequel does have its fair share of growing pains, it manages to shows us a more personal and psychological approach to the Outlast formula. The game never stops being an intense thrill ride that showcases a new, arguably more disturbing side of the truly warped Outlast universe."
76561198058426718,Recommended,414700,31370854,Posted: 25 April,all,DJ Beats,Generally horrifying game full of memes that will make you jump and screem like a ♥♥♥♥♥. From what i have seen so far the game ticks every box from the astonishing grahpics to the wonderful story and voice acting. Oh and we cant forget them immense jump scares that keep you on the edge of your seat. And may i advise not to play the game at 3am in the morning when people are sleeping. Some people seem to get quite upset and angry with the fact your screaming like a ♥♥♥♥♥ at that time. It is also a real shame they had no VR support for the game. Any way top game would recommend to all.
,Recommended,414700,31443440,Posted: 29 April,all,Donald Z. Trump,"If you liked Outlast 1, or if you're just looking for a good psychological horror game, Outlast 2 is well worth buying. The gameplay is tense, builds up a huge sense of dread and fear, and executes those frightening moments perfectly. I would say however, that I would have liked it if the game was an hour or so longer. But other than that, amazing game."
,Not Recommended,414700,31444906,Posted: 29 April,all,MikeyIsh,"Pros:+ Optimized very well+ It looks fantastic+ SoundtrackCons:- A lot of bs (enemies seeing you through walls, rocks or anything or enemies finding you always from everywhere)- Repetitive- Boring- Not scary it's just full of jump scares- The enemy in the school is a ♥♥♥♥ing joke- The ending is really weird and bad- Checkpoint system is♥♥♥♥♥♥(You can spawn right next to an enemy)Buy the first Outlast it's way better than this run and die million times until you see the spot where you need to go simulatorIf you really want this, grab this from sale or dont get it at all.Huge letdown 5/10"
76561198068865782,Recommended,414700,31368009,Posted: 25 April,all,kafstar1,144fps GTX1080 max settings 1440p...AAA developers...take note!!! These guys know how to optimize!!
,Recommended,414700,31364498,Posted: 25 April,all,Frisolino,Got killed by woman with pickaxe after 8 minutes.10/10 best minecraft multiplayer experience i've ever had
76561198313715664,Recommended,414700,32054916,Posted: 29 May,all,6ix,"Outlast 2 is the sequel to the 2013 horror game Outlast, and is once again developed by Red Barrels. The sequel carries on many of the original game ideas and gameplay mechanics, albeit unsuccessfully at times.Despite running on the Unreal Engine 3, Outlast 2 still looks very good and has various improvements that make the game more atmospheric than its predecessor. New hiding mechanics, an improved AI, and the addition of an inventory system all help immerse the player into the game and are welcome changes. Documents and Recordings also make a return and are littered throughout the campaign bringing more depth to the story. Its worth noting that chapter select has also been improved in order to allow you to go back to get missed collectibles. Additionally, the game features a large amount of symbolism and allegories that may make some players interested in giving it another playthrough.Much of the games criticism is in regards to the overuse of chase sequences and a poorly told story. While the premise is neat, being based on the Jonestown massacre and religious extremism, the story fails to fully explain and flesh out many of the ideas it presents.Ultimately, despite its shortcomings, Outlast 2 is a unique experience that is definitely worth your time and money."
,Recommended,414700,31379319,Posted: 26 April,all,Courage✪Master,I want Outlast 3
76561198011965365,Not Recommended,414700,31407927,Posted: 27 April,all,Saint Aaron,"The first game was waaay better. While I can appreciate another avoidance game, more often than not you will keep dying repeatedly in one section or a chase scene. This completely ruined the immersion for me such that the game wasn't really scary at all. There's plenty of gore, but you've seen it all before in other horror games. The one extreme scene which got the game initially banned from rating in Australia doesn't even seem to be in the game anymore. Unless you read every single scrap of paper you find in the game the ending will likely not make much sense.ProsGraphics are nicely donestory was kinda a wtf but goodConsrepetitiveAi are superhumans (Can see through walls)5 hour gameplay"
76561198245862592,Recommended,414700,31370296,Posted: 25 April,all,Tydew2,"i beat outlast no problem. yea it was a lil scary but it was fine. This though, man. Once I got to the school, I opened the door and in the shadows I heard a scary song playing so I hit pause, exited the game, shut off my computer, took the pc outside, doused it in gasoline, lit a match, threw said match on pc, watched it burn as I cried, went inside, locked all doors, sat in a corner, and I rocked myself to sleep but not really because Im typing this, just hoping the witch doesnt find me. Best waste of money ever!"
76561198181147629,Recommended,414700,31972200,Posted: 26 May,all,eatingpeaches,"Overall a good game, mostly scary, sometimes frustrating, but always interesting. Story reminded me of Silent Hill 2, which is always a good thing. Environments are beautiful with amazing lighting that really enhances the atmosphere. A lot of really cool set pieces, most of them more artistic than I'd expected from Red Barrells.Will definetely give this a second playthrough so I can fully piece the story together."
,Not Recommended,414700,31424143,Posted: 28 April,all,ouij,My patience couldn't outlast being spotted through walls.
,Recommended,414700,31370500,Posted: 25 April,all,TEEZY,"Took me 6 hours to finish the game. I played the first part too, and got all achievements, although i don't know if there's a connection between the Stories. Still, the game is really awesome, and in my opinion better than the 1st part. Looking forward to get all achievements in this game too!"
,Recommended,414700,32983976,Posted: 29 June,all,OfficialSayon -۞C.O.T.U۞-,"Outlast 2Written by : ISayonI-------------------------Gameplay: 8/10Survival: 9/10Action:6/10Atmosphere: 10/10Storyline: The storyline is very sinister, and brings you a whole new expierience!-------------------------This game is great if you love horror. You will feel like you are truly being chased.I approve this game! ;D"
,Not Recommended,414700,31390470,Posted: 27 April,all,Soapwater,"My first review on any game and I have over 200.Minor Spoiler ;First off and I'm sure like most of you I'm a big fan of the first game however,this game constantly breaks immersion with it's constant in-game issues with the cheap AI, it's core functions and when a game becomes annoying it isn't fun and therefore isn't scary.The first enemy you'll encounter is when the immersion starts to break and I became annoyed rather quickly and here's why:In the previous game and given the obvious this is a game where you CAN ONLY do those things you're expected to hide or run however,in THIS game it breaks it's own rules by having you encounter someone you CAN'T sneak around or outrun if they're in your sight.Why?Because she's somehow faster than you carrying that massive cross-pickaxe and not to mention she instantly kills you from behind and so basically you're forced to trigger her and then quickly hide behind something.Notice I said the word Trigger - You get close in her ""cone"" or ""bubble"" and she gets mad and then you hide,not you bump into her for her to ACTUALLY see you because if she DOES see you then it's GG.It shouldn't have to be this way and it's terrible execution.I get that this enemy is an important character but,there's better ways to go around doing this and if you played the first you'll know what I'm talking about ""little pig.""Comparing BACK to the first game once you lost an enemy you can sneak back and see where they are and plan out your movements.You head into this game thinking the same thing but,AGAIN the game breaks it's own rules and the first enemy you encounter despawns.No where to be found.You search a house and then once you exit you proceed to find where to go , ONLY to INSTANTLY trigger the same enemy who instantly kills you while you scramble to find where to go next and you'll repeat this process while trying to figure out where to go or what to do.This is where the game started becoming annoying and I became slightly disinterested but,I wanted to continue and so I pressed on but,that soon didn't last long as other issues I haven't discovered soon followed.The only thing scary about this game is the non-working save feature.Two times have my save files have been wiped from this game.Once was enough.The first time I got to where you find your wife jumping out of the church and I called it a night and booted up the next day only to find it completely gone.The second I got to where you are proceeding back to another church to find Lynn's location.I made TWO save files just to double make sure the game was saved and today when I booted up the game?Both files are missing and the only one that remains is from where I saved it days ago where Lynn jumped out of the church.Where the heck did this file come from?The file vanished and came back?More of the in-game problems would be the AI.I feel as if the AI's are operating more so on a small cone of vision and if you get in that field of vision,regardless if you're hiding or not they'll find you.Think of it like you're playing Metal Gear and on the top right of your radar you see the grunts field of vision but,where you're hiding, say in the tall grass with camo for example didn't matter.Biggest example I can think of is the tall grass ,you're hiding in the tall grass by basically laying down while waiting for the AI to continue his pathing but basically for no reason he finds you anyway.Not all AI's have flash-lights so this didn't make logical sense at all and I once again felt this problem in the corn field and although the AI had flash-lights you think to yourself; its A CORN FIELD, it's the perfect spot to hide regardless if you have a flash-light or not and this is where I began to feel hiding in this game didn't matter at all.Prepare to finish this game in one sitting because if you think this game save option works then you'd be wrong.I can't recommend this game , not because of the cheap AI or the immersion breaking but,simply because of the lacking save option,the rest was just icing on the cake.If you're that interested in the game I highly recommend that you watch a silent full walkthrough as it'll be cheaper."
76561198100859736,Recommended,414700,31535598,Posted: 3 May,all,∫αdεd,"A good 6-8 hour game (unless you speedrun) to play and half the price of most games that look and play this good. AI is set to finding you, so they'll turn around if they have to if it means making the game harder. Yes I have experienced some AI problems, but only twice and they were minor and usually fixed themselves. The music was spot on to make the atmosphere of the game horrifying, lots of darkness, great voice actors, decent story with very horrifying background story that haunts you throughout the game, and also the game will mess with you psychologically. An incredibly cool and scary game that had me on edge when I realized there would be a lot of hiding or having to run fast. If there are any breaks for being scared in the game, they are very short so just resort to pausing and hiding in a tree stump or locker forever. I recommend this game to anyone. Have fun :D"
,Recommended,414700,31399789,Posted: 27 April,all,Aren,"Outlast 2 is not a classic Horror game in my opinion, and its that difference that makes this game so good.The game is easy to understand, you can only rely in your stealth skills and when they find you just run and find a new spot to hide and reset the thing then go for it again. Go offensive is not an option since you cant deal damage to your enemies, the only thing you can do if you dont really like going stealth is run and try not to get caught before you get to the next checkpoint, atleast in Normal difficulty it works most of the times. The game sure is terrifying, it doesn´t have many jumpscares which is good because lets be honest, they cant scare people that much and in a game like Outlast 2 lots of jumpscares would be predictable and totally destroy the game. The game is scary thanks to the atmosphere, the really well made sounds, mind games and the most scary part in this game in my opinion... lots of chases, yeah I almost died with a heart attack thanks to that many chases, ones you can avoid by going stealth but the longer you go in the game the more unavoidable chases will appear.Like the first Outlast the only thing you have to help you survive is a cam that can be used to record some important moments, night vision and now you have a microphone that allows you to hear better and know where the enemies are, basiclly its a wallhack. You´ll never use micrphone that much since its kinda useless and wastes lots of battery like night vision but that one you will for sure use a lot, grab as many batteries as you can so that you never run out of bettery otherwise the game can be really hard since some places are tottaly dark and you cant see a thing without night vision. Atleast in Normal difficulty you have no problems with bettery as long as you grab everything you find, batteries and bandages.The story is nothing new but when we buy this game we´re not expecting it to be a story-rich game but yes a good horror game that can make us cry with fear.I didnt find any problems with gameplay which is a really bad thing in most of the horror games and I was afraid that it could be like the others but no, its smooth and simple (I played with a controller).At some point in the game Blake starts having lots of hallucinations remembering his past in the school that helps understand the story.Overall it was a great game I really recommend playing if you like horror games, you have good headsets and a dark place to play so that you can have a better experience and tremble with fear!"
76561198090533178,Not Recommended,414700,31390738,Posted: 27 April,all,(HCCR) Simba,"In my opinion the original Outlast was pretty insane. I really enjoyed the game and played it a lot from the start till the end. When I finally finished the original Outlast for the first time and heard about a second game within' some month I was quite happy because Outlast pretty fast became my favourite game.I loved the atmosphere being locked in a psychiatry that has been left alone - closed. I loved the darkness, as much as I loved the entired story, everything scared me almost to the death. I think hiding not to get a syringe into my neck or running from that bloody fat-man had something I really enjoyed. It was scary, as long as it dark outside, the game had me.Outlast II : ""Release in sep./oct. 2016"" god, it was finally arrived, the dream.Failure. It has been postponed for a half year - enough extra time to make the best out of it.Then it was finally there, I played the demo - I kinda liked it. I had a lot ... expression.I mean to get my abdomen cut of by a crazy woman with a cross - couldn't be better there to give me a good feeling for the coming game in the future. And there it was, the game was released.To take a closer look on that game there are some things you can see immediately: you can't hide successful and you can't survive without being lucky. That old, creepy grandma' running around you with her cross makes you feel like you aren't having legs, because your movespeed is a joke there. There are some moments in that game where you have to open doors while interacting with them but the funny part there is, that they are waiting for you to finish and then they kill you because they are waiting behind you whenever you are doing anything for the story. I also found out that every npc' is teleporting straight behind you when you thought you lost them finally.Since I haven't finished the game yet I don't want to go deeper there. I don't want to be as negative as it sounds, if there wouldn't be so many repeatable objectives I would say it is okay, if the enemies would not teleport to me all the time it would also be acceptable but it isn't like that. I am honest when it's about the scary atmosphere again, I also had moments where I was hella' scared because it was unexpected. But at all ... I don't recommend to buy it at that price yet.-Kerrigan"
,Recommended,414700,31395667,Posted: 27 April,all,ZakAttack,"If you feel constipated, this game will make you poop, no joke."
76561197965448184,Not Recommended,414700,34206841,Posted: 12 August,all,JimBeamRye,"I loved the first outlast. I was looking forward to the second one for years. I loved the intesity and stealth mechanics of the first game. The second has a great story but some of the worst game-play mechanics I've ever experienced. The fatigue function alone is enough to not play it. You're being chased  by an enemy and you will ALWAYS run out of breath before the enemy loses you. You will slow to a crawl and die. The death animations are fun... I guess, you see them enough.The AI in this game shows that it  knows exactly where you are at all times and tailors itself to patroling YOU, not where you might be. It's omnipotent. The result is perpetual death animations. With every death the game becomes more frustrating and less terrifying. You're left not giving a sh*t about living or dying and just running to beat the clock. The end. Hopefully a third installment will emphasize horror and not just running. I certainly do NOT recomend this game. It saddens me to write such a negative review to a game series I have loved so much in the past."
76561197976260545,Recommended,414700,32917092,Posted: 28 June,all,♣ ℓùcкч ж∂ ヅ,"Bizzare game, graphics are really cool but confusing ending"
,Recommended,414700,31420841,Posted: 28 April,all,Samishiisung,Not for everyone.
,Recommended,414700,31384606,Posted: 26 April,all,Visar Ymeri,"I am out of words. This is so much different from the first outlast, but yet still the same. Story was really good. 10/10 would play again."
76561197975706332,Recommended,414700,32847525,Posted: 27 June,all,Heihachi Mishima,One of the best horror games.
,Not Recommended,414700,31474057,Posted: 30 April,all,Незнакоме,"-There is no neutral button, so sadly, I must chose ""No""Huh, Outlast 2....Where does it stand?I'm not entirely sure. The story is alright, it doesn't tell you much directly what's going on and the answers lie within exploration (mostly to find notes or things to record as the game is linear). It keeps you guessing what's going on up until the end.. and then you get to the end and it just.. well, ends. There isn't much conclusion but after reading the notes found through the game you don't really need one for that reason.But it still hurts the ending, sadly. It hurts the overall first-play of the game because it almost feels like it expects you to replay it just to figure out what's going on - but there is only one thing different in a second playthrough, and it's almost unnoticeable and changes literally nothing story-wise. So you might as well try to find everything in your first playthrough because the second isn't really worth it. That's, well... that's an issue.I loved the school parts more so than the actual religious horror (I just felt like the religious horror was very generic, obvious, you think of religious extremism and you're already set for all the ""oooOOooo SpoOOookkYY"" parts.) - probably because the school parts were easier to follow and was way more psychological horror than the traditional outlast horror. It was well written, actually! It kept you piecing together each little hint you got each time you ended up in the school up until you got the full story of what happened! ... and sadly, it was only there to impose a reason for the player to find his wife? Because of regret?Really?You need a REASON to fight to find your kidnapped wife? What about the fact she's your freakin' wife?! Sadly it all falls flat after that. The game is good at face-value, story wise, but if you start to really focus on it or pay attention it falls through. Hell even if you STOP paying attention it falls through. So, it's just alright. But let's talk about gameplay.As an avid horror enthusiast (movies, games, etc) I did enjoy the fact that this game punished you for the smallest mistakes. However it was taken to extremes, never in a horror game have I died more than Outlast 2. Someone who spends more time hiding from all sorts of monstrosities and learning to survive through them died almost as much as a Dark Souls run in Outlast 2. The enemy KNOWS where you are, they just pretend to not. The AI is very clearly scripted to find you/harass your hiding spot/lock you in/force you to run. It would be terrifying if it happened when you deserved to be spotted - but it rarely does. It becomes a mixture of frustrating, unfair, and ""realistic"" (to an extent)They are scripted to find you several times in this game - forcing you to go on a wild goose-chase which if you make a single mistake or wrong turn... you die. The first couple of times this entire thing is nerve wracking.... the first... couple times... It ends up happening like... 8-12 times in the game. For example, there is a part where you have to sneak around a junkyard in which someone is trying to hunt you, even if you watch them walk all the way off far away from you (somehow it happens, rarely), and walk to the next area the second you enter the shed (with almost no place to escape, either - It is not apparent or visible how to get out of this situation.) Your enemy will instantly know exactly where you are regardless of what you're doing and will come get you specifically where you are - even if it takes them a minute to get there. You get sick of dying, fast. As others have mentioned here, getting hit once is 90% a death sentence. You lose all sense of direction, vision, and it is very disorientating. You will most likely get killed right after. So you go ""Okay better hide"", sit in a barrel and wait. But what's this? All of the enemies just happen to be staring at your barrel and walking back and forth in front of it?Well okay time to change my hiding spot! So ya get out, find another place to hide a distance aways when all of a sudden...The enemies are all there too! Doin' the same thing!That's what I was talking about when I said the AI knows where you are. I brute-forced my way through this game by practically forcing myself to learn each area over and over through constant failures only to succeed eventually. Don't even get me started with this on parts where the enemy kills you in one hit and doesn't even give you a chance to react.There are a genuinely some fantastic moments in this game, that really do make you shiver and go ""Euugh!"" (I'm looking at you - ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s who crawl in the grass and only stop when you look at them). But majority of it sadly gets lost to the fact it's horror. We expect majority of the things to happen when they do and aren't phased by them. I probably spent an hour actually scared in this game, with the rest just jumping from jumpscares - but that's a given.I guess that brings us to here - where does it stack up against Outlast 1? Well gameplay wise, Outlast 1 is better. Story wise, Outlast 1 provides a clear beginning and end with a really nice ""What'll happen next!"" that keeps you guessing (But never concludes on one of the major twists - though it is actually a good thing in this case). Even the enemy choice (at least the big ""Boss"" enemies) aren't nearly as memorable as Outlast 1's (I'm looking at you - ""Arrow Guys""). So It's pretty obvious to everybody, I mean look at the reviews, that Outlast 1 is better. Does that diminish this game's quality? Somewhat, not enough to hate it outright, but somewhat.I'd rate this game a 6.5/10, it's good if you've got the cash and want a horror game to chew on for a bit. But ultimately isn't the experience I had been waiting for from this game. It's simply ""Alright."""
,Recommended,414700,33166591,Posted: 2 July,all,kimchi,"If you enjoyed (and could make it through) the first Outlast, then you won't be let down by Outlast 2. While the stories are different, the mechanics and style of gameplay are very similar and have been improved on here. Even the story here is top-notch, and is among the best in its genre.Only downside is that there are a few sections that seem impossible at first glance and aren't obvious about what you need to do to continue."
76561198004598861,Recommended,414700,31374094,Posted: 26 April,all,Kisgenya,"At first i was afraid i was petrified.Then I realised that I don't know what's right and what's real anymore, but in the end it doesn't even matter."
,Recommended,414700,31351683,Posted: 24 April,all,GooglyXion,Spent 15 minutes playing tag with some Witch demon. Worth every penny
,Not Recommended,414700,31448464,Posted: 29 April,all,Glode,"I saw a poster in game that said ""What would Jesus do?"" - Refund it most likely.Like many people, I was excited for Outlast 2. The first game was interesting, it was fun and it felt unique in what felt like a dead genre.Then comes Outlast 2 - so many people are excited for it... It doesn't deliver on it.This isn't so much due to the Story (thats on another level of messed up... even for a horror style game).This is down to (in my view) poor mechanics, poor level design, QTEs etc.Why? Heres why:Hiding feels pointless due to how the AI works in this game - they pretty much instantly find you it feels like. They aren't in areas that make sense and they don't make use of the environment. So why have them if almost every level is full of AI that chase you and you cannot break line of sight due to the bad collision and terrible level design...Level design, its boring... its linear. The first one at least made it interesting. Levels are laid out in a way that even the puzzles are basically - go here, get this and walk back to the place you just came from... wheres the fun in that?One section of the game required me to get a hook to be able to pull a door way up with a chain... my thought was whilst looking around the environment was ""theres loads of rope... why wouldn't my character just tie the gate/door to the chain pully?"" incredible dull situations where logic is overlooked it feels like by the design team.Which brings me on to the main character - is he really stupid? or am I over thinking it? hes being chased by crazed people with weapons... better take each step one foot at a time in hopes that I don't trip!... seriously? I have to slow down whilst running up and down stairs whilst being chased? the AI can literally catch up to you so fast that you cannot get away in this situation. But don't worry! safety first! He also walks at a speed that looks like hes out for a casual sunday afternoon walk... the pace is so messed up.Controls feel clunky and movement feels clunky... its doesn't feel natural at all. Makes the game play very stiff.Field of View feels like its locked and cannot be increased. Another bad idea by the team...Quick time events... I hate them. They don't bring anything to a game other than you slamming a button to create an action... woo.For a game that felt like it was going to keep building on the success of the first game it really dropped the ball.The characters are dull the story is weird which was to be expected but I still don't care about any character in the game. To a point where I've almost given up on letters scattered around the world as they felt like they are written in a way that doesn't put the background story across very well.The game didn't live up to what was expected. The story is messed up in a sick way (which was to be expected) but what you are informed on in game is vomit inducing in some places. Characters are boring, mechanics are broken, level design in some places are broken and actually stop you progressing - ran in to this in a section where I had to slide/crawl under some trees... it was due to the trigger event being bugged. Required many restarts to get it working. AI is poor, hiding is pointless. The game needs works.I'd suggest looking for a different game."
,Recommended,414700,31971067,Posted: 26 May,all,Captain Pepperoni,Overall a really good sequel to Outlast 1. Definently recomended
,Not Recommended,414700,31517039,Posted: 2 May,all,slamdrew,"As somebody who loved the original Outlast and Whistleblower... this game is garbage. The only pro I can give is that is looks and sounds fantastic. Other than that, it is an absolute catastrophy. The story(if you can even call it that) is garbage, the new mechanics provide no true value, and the entire gameplay feels like a running simulator."
76561198068536216,Recommended,414700,31492588,Posted: 1 May,all,MrMustache,"1. WTF did I just play?2. I still have to stick together some bits of the story but what i got untill now is pretty cool.(for a horror game)3. 8/10It wasnt as scary as the first part and some fans of Outlast might be disappointed, but if you look over those flaws it is still a stunning game!For me personally it still lived up the hype and i enjoyed every second of it.Also: jesuuuuus chriiist ♥♥♥♥ the school parts they scared me way more than the main parts!"
,Not Recommended,414700,31506606,Posted: 2 May,all,leechmonger,"Game looks nice graphically and controls pretty well, but that's about all the positives I have for it. It's the same old hide from enemies you can't defend yourself from, as you'd expect, in it's most basic form. They see you, you hide, they leave, you come out of hiding, rinse and repeat. With that said, a majority of encounters favour running through enemies instead of trying to sneak around them, which I sort of prefer over sneaking, but it kills the fear factor much more quickly. By the end of the game it's chase sequence after chase sequence, several in a row, delivering the coup de grâce to any final possibility of being scared. There is also a lot of trial and error as many of the locations you are supposed to escape through require you to find tiny holes to crawl under or check several locked doors throwing you off, all while being pursued by potentially several enemies at once. The game had me a little nervous at the beginning, but about 20% of the way in the game couldn't coax the slightest reaction out of me. It began to feel like a chore of holding down Shift and W that I just wanted to end.The environments were also incredibly repetitive, which doesn't help when the gameplay is already repetitive enough. You will encounter nothing but crude wooden structures over and over again, except for the segments and flashbacks taking place in Blake's (the main character's) old school. Everything outside the school segments just sort of blended together and, while some views were impressive from a distance, actually getting up close to them reminded you that they were the exact same as every other building or set of buildings in the game.The story didn't do much for me either. I was very interested in the religious setting, only to be sorely disappointed when the cult was cartoonishly evil, ranging from deeds such as torture, sexual abuse and child murder. And boy did they want to drive home that bit about child murder. I was particularly looking forward to meeting Knoth, the man behind it all,only for him to actually make a physical appearence twice throughout the entire game, both during scripted sequences. The first is simply him taking part in interrogating someone and the second has Blake wake up from blacking out to be met with Knoth sitting on a pew talking about how he has killed his people before finally slitting his throat. He is never encountered as an enemy or a threat.The sub-plot involving events during Blake's school days also seemed incredibly unnecessary and I don't actually understand why it was there. Surely they could have used the time and effort to add more to the story that was actually happening?Also I feel that the game was too short for the asking price, as I was able to finish it in under 7 hours, probably a little over 6 if you exclude the moments where I died several times trying to find the correct tiny hole to crawl under.TL;DRI stopped paying full attention to the story after a while so please take my opinions on it with a grain of salt, but the gameplay is repetitive, favours running away far too much, contains too many chase sequences and trail and error moments and the environments are fairly bland and uninspired. You're probably better off just watching this one on YouTube or waiting for a considerable price drop during a sale."
,Recommended,414700,31360687,Posted: 25 April,all,Tofrus,Heart attack simulator.
76561198029685690,Not Recommended,414700,31493505,Posted: 1 May,all,Subraumstimulator,"WTF? Char gets stuck on any crap that lays on the floor. even tinies stones or pieces of paper will block you way. You cant even defend on anything. What is that, not been able to kick or push, this should be minimum what every person could do. Makes you insane"
,Not Recommended,414700,31510955,Posted: 2 May,all,Phil,"Somehow this game is completely boring. I enjoyed the first one until the horror vanished and only the gameplay was left (around the part with the femals ward) but this one is worse. Nearly the whole game is scripted. The story is absolutely lame. The ""action sequences"" where you have to escape the howling ♥♥♥♥♥ while performing some basic logic riddles (the same as in Outlast 1 with their silly switches) is ♥♥♥♥in' annoying. Add to that that the stupid setting makes you run into near invisible barriers all the time. Then you have a hard time to find out which door them deem openable and which direction overall is the one which has been modeled. Most of the scripted escape scenes can't really be survived on the first attempt as you often have no clue where you can go. So back to the last autosave and retry and retry and retry until you get every movement right exactly as the devs wanted it. That is just boring. Half of the game plays like a loooong QTE. Meh."
,Recommended,414700,31353598,Posted: 25 April,all,magicmanmeyer,Love the game already. Got scared to death twice within the first few minutes. Great atmosphere like the first outlast game.
,Recommended,414700,31369786,Posted: 25 April,all,Katar,"Outlast 1 is one of my favorite survival horror games of all time. Here are my initial thoughts on 2 after playing for a couple of hours.OverviewOutlast 2 casts you once again in the role of an investigative journalist, but this time you are alongside your wife Lynn who works as a hostess while you are a cameraman. It's typical Outlast fashion and you get thrown into the survival horror action quickly after a brief tutorial. If you played the first game this should feel familiar. The differences this time are that you are able to review your footage that works as the same way as notes in the first game. This makes having your camera out and recording all the time feel much more important and what you record feel much more personal which is a welcome change and items are accessed by checking the pockets on your shirt(which are represented by looking at your left or right pockets by bringing up the camera screen by clicking tab). One thing which I like is how the game doesn't pause while you're checking your camera which ramps up the survival horror aspect.GameplayI'm playing on hard currently and enemies can kill you within 1 or 2 hits which makes stealth essential leading to some pretty tense moments. Creeping past enemies always feels tense when they can end you in one hit and there are always places you can hide, alternate paths you can take, or the option to flee available so it never really feels unfair. Keyboard controls feel fluent too and I've never had a problem with delayed controls when running away when in a tight spot or having to deadbolt a door and hide under a bed while being chased.PerformanceThe game is running on a buttery smooth constant 144fps on my GTX1080 at 1440p. The graphics look great for the most part with the rural Jonestown setting lending to the atmosphere and scares. If I had to list a con for the graphics it would have to be the lip syncing. It ishorriblein this game and characters faces and lips move comically while talking. It feels like Red Barrels really could have spent more time making characters look more believable when they talk.ScaresSo far Outlast 2 hasn't been as scary to me in it's beginning hours as 1 was. I can't really place my finger on it, but Outlast 2 seems to be going for more psychological scares which is all fine and dandy while Outlast 1 had more scares that were a physical threat. I always preferred the most physical kind of horror since it was a more real feeling threat but that's just me. That isn't to say this game lacks any tangible threats but I hope to update this as I get deeper into the game.OverviewIf you enjoyed Outlast 1 I feel like you will enjoy its sequel and if you enjoy survival horror it should be on your radar. It feels like Outlast with the good parts of it improved upon and I'm excited to dive deeper into the game and see more."
76561198128527548,Recommended,414700,31376778,Posted: 26 April,all,bluesage8,"Although I did really like the game and it did have a solid story, I feel like the ending may have been confusing to some. I feel like there were more jump scares but Outlast 2 did lack in personality when it came to characters, with the first Outlast game you had Eddie Gluskin, Father Martin, Richard Trager, the Brothers (the twins), and The WalRider  which they all seemed to have individual personalities with there own reasoning's for doing things where it seemed the main characters in Outlast 2 didn't show up as much, and the people who did do a lot of the chasing wouldn't talk a little bit but mostly just grunted. In Comparison to Outlast 1 the story may not have been as clear unless you picked up enough notes and read through them in order to understand what was going on and why the characters thought the way they did. Overall Outlast 2 was a good game but I still feel that with the lack of personality the characters had and if you didn't find or read certain notes it would make the main story a little harder to understand. This game does have replay-ability because of all the items you can find between video footage, and the notes, but the first Outlast game does still leave a strong impact in my mind."
,Recommended,414700,31394487,Posted: 27 April,all,Mr. Spooky,"tl;drPros:Looks and runs amazingly.Interesting story and characters.Improved gameplay mechanics with the noise detector on the camera and bandages to heal.Cons:Little to no hints on what to do or where to go alot of the time, leading to alot of wandering in circles.Much bigger emphasis on out running pursuers rather than hidding and avoiding.Neutral:Alot of answers come from readable pickups.Alot of religious and satanistic themes, but you should know this if you watched the trailers.Overall:8/10""Great story and gameplay but certains parts of the game make it feel like it grinds to a crawl."""
,Recommended,414700,31369054,Posted: 25 April,all,Dankpool,You really have to like trial and error style of gameplay in three hours i died like 30 times so if you get easily frustrated don't buy it.For the others it's the same ol' outlast but with more enemies and a more stealthier gameplay.
76561198098093161,Recommended,414700,33170921,Posted: 2 July,all,†TSH† KawaiiCaliber,"This game has child murder, cave sex, and the birth of the antichrist, truly amazing 6/66."
,Recommended,414700,32830716,Posted: 26 June,all,ahrimakesmehard,Great game. The first Outlast is better
,Recommended,414700,31371225,Posted: 26 April,all,Flursh,"Just finished. I enjoyed this one much more than the first. There are some poorly designed areas where you feel cheated for dying, but luckily it's only a few areas. For the most part this game brings so many original ideas to the horror genre in amazing execution for todays standards. The story lost me by the end, however it kept me emirssed right until the jaw dropping ending. If you are a fan of horror games, this is a must buy. It's not perfect, but it certaintly is a treasure for it's genre.9 / 10"
,Recommended,414700,31680340,Posted: 11 May,all,Evie,"(I never write reviews so this will be all over the place)As someone who played 37 hours of the first Outlast and unlocked every achievement. I, in my opinion believe Outlast 2 is better.The general consensus I have gathered from watching and reading reviews is that 1. the first Outlast is better and that, 2. The ending wasn't good.Firstly, I honestly believe that if you had swapped release dates on these games people would be saying this Outlast is better. After putting so many hours into the first Outlast I without a doubt believed the second one wouldn't be able to even have a chance at taking the spot the first Outlast held in my heart.But I was wrong. Starting off in this game I didn't like it immediately, they've added in more controls such as a microphone, which personally I didn't like, however I only actually used the microphone once making it almost obsolete. But as the game went on I started to enjoy it more and more, the main character has more personality than the one in the previous game, even having a line that made me laugh. It relies less on jump scares (although it still has them of course). I definitely believe it is harder than its predecessor (This may be a negative depending on your playstyle though) But for me this was a welcomed change.Outlast 2 also had a wide variety of enemies, but also a few friendly characters. I feel as if Chris Walker from the first Outlast became stale after a few hours and I never really was a fan of the Walrider (Richard Trager was an amazing enemy though) however in Outlast 2 the enemies don't feel like they have arcs, in Outlast it basically went, (Chris Walker -> Richard Trager -> the Walrider) In Outlast 2 it feels as if the developers were aware of this and tried to stray away from it. Basically each enemy would appear multiple times.Now for the ending (SPOILERS!!!)I believe the ending was beautiful and touching, the irony with the death of Marta. And the last scene of praying with your dead childhood friend, not to mention the childbirth (Maybe it's just me being a girl but I thought it was a great addition to the game. It's been done before but I've never seen it in such uncensored realness.)Basically if you never played the first Outlast, definitely give this a go. Don't let the people saying the first is better deter you."
76561198384755072,Recommended,414700,31420178,Posted: 28 April,all,V!rtu4L.exe,"This game is awesome, great work Red Barrels... For me this game is.....8,5/10 ;)+:+Story+Much interesting Notes and Documents+Scary moments, horrifying scenes, lots of jumpscares...Nah, not for me.+Parkour is ""Nice""...Somethink like that+Survival+Great Soundtrack+Stamina, adrenaline and running.+New Camera and her options: recording circle, microphone+Blake can talk not like Miles or Waylon in first Outlast.-:-One enemy (Martha) is too OP"
76561198169139090,Not Recommended,414700,32935409,Posted: 28 June,all,GHOST,This game looks good .. But outlast 1 was much better . If you had played outlast 1 this game probably isn't for you so i don't recommended
76561198080353109,Recommended,414700,34786383,Posted: 6 September,all,David,"Outstanding! This game made me have goosebumps and also raised the hairs on my head and arms. If you're into super scary games, i recommend you buy this game."
,Not Recommended,414700,31451456,Posted: 29 April,all,dud10982,"I wanted to like this game so much. But i can't, i really can't. Outlast 1 was amazing, but the only things that are the same in  Outlast 2 are the camera and the running, because thats all you're going to be doing in this game. I hope you love constantly searching for batteries and running away from one hit kill enemies because that is 4/5ths of this game. God damn i wish Red Barrel realized how stupid getting killed over and over until you find the right door that isnt jammed just to get stuck on a rock and die again is. Its like they built this game just to showcase gory death sequences and cringeworthy way over the top gore and terrible situations. It gets so boring after a while that i have to constantly stop and wait a while so I dont smash my monitor from increasingly frustrating level design. If your looking for a great horror game, THIS IS NOT IT!! Go play Resident Evil 7 instead."
76561198046235038,Recommended,414700,31371182,Posted: 26 April,all,Funkboi,It's like bioshock infinite but you're a lil ♥♥♥♥♥.
76561198030276767,Recommended,414700,31480031,Posted: 30 April,all,Shrimp guy,"Story:Thing is with this outlast, you won't know what's going on with the story if you just run around trying to finish the game. You actually have to go around looking for documents and record stuff (at your own risk lol) in order to get what's actually going on with the story. So if you're just going to try to beat the game then you will be hella confused, but if you actually take the time to read the documents, listen to the recordings, and connect the dots, only then will the ending make sense. There are some loose ends and I honestly think there is a DLC coming up.Overall, found the story to be worth my while.Gameplay: This gameplay review is based on hard difficultyFor gameplay however, this game is much less forgiving than the first outlast and its DLC. Most enemies kill you with 1 or 2 hits, like even those random enemies lying around kill you with 1 or 2 hits so don't expect it to be a boss to kill you that quickly. I'm not going to lie, some parts are literally trial and error as you won't know where to go and will have to die multiple times in order to figure it out because it is not clear whatsoever as to where you have to go, if you're playing for the first time that is. In outlast 1, there were literally arrows telling you which way to go for a good portion of the game... like come on lolGraphics & gameplay mechanics:Graphics.... This game came out 3 years later, so obviously the graphics and gameplay mechanics (Things like, hiding mechanics, the way the camera works and things like that) are better than outlast 1Is it wurf deh money??I'd say yes, this is kind of a bias opinion because I love the series. But this game would give you a good adrenaline rush and make you feel that you're the one who's actually about to die.P.S. The atmosphere is hella dark, and like 80% of the game is literally pitch black without the night vision. So please don't run out of bateries or else you might as well just play with your monitor turned off to save up electricity."
,Recommended,414700,31382916,Posted: 26 April,all,Dead Carrot,"Truly a very well made, thought out sequel. Outlast 2 has improved in many ways from the first. Including things such as...- Level design- Graphics- AI- Animations- Voice actingBUT, despite having all of these improvments from it's predecessor Outlast, it still is not perfect. The main problem I have with this game is the story. Now, don't get me wrong, the story is very good and well thought out, but tedious to fully understand. You really have to find all these different notes and letters to learn about the story and why certain things are taking place, even more tedious than the last Outlast. After completing the game (which took me about 7 hours) I still was thoroughly confused about some things in the story. But, thanks to google, I was able to easily clear some of my misconceptions about it. Another thing about this game that I find worse than the first Outlast is the overall scares and chase scenes throughout the game. I personally think, overall, that Outlast was scarier than this game. But that could just be due to the fact that I have grown more used to playing horror games. In the end though, I definitely recommend you get this game, if you have already completed the first. It's worth the full 30 bucks in my book."
,Recommended,414700,31369686,Posted: 25 April,all,WaWa Mania,"This game does not meet my expectation. Less jumpscare than the previous one ~__~But if you're the fans for outlast, like more story than jumpscare, this maybe for you."
76561198089897621,Recommended,414700,31353423,Posted: 25 April,all,nugz,"Review off first impressionPlayed the original Outlast on nightmare so I thought I could do it on this one too. Boy was I wrong.I know I haven't really put a considerable amount of time into the game yet, but all I have to say is wow. I'm not going to get technical, but just the raw terror this game made me feel in the first 20 minutes of playing... I'm just speechless. This is gonna be one tough game to get through.Review After Extensive GameplayFirst of all let me say that this game was great. The people who gave the game a negative review areWAY TOO CRITCAL. This game had me sweating and frequently pausing just so I could calm myself down to continue playing. The story was compelling, and I enjoyed almost every portion of this work of art. Now I'm not gonna write a lengthy pro and con list, just be aware that the pros far outweigh the cons. Truly, the only con worthy of mentioning are the all too frequent chases, but I'd be lying if I didn't say they get the blood pumping. I do wish you could sneak around better in the game, but it's cool how the game forces you to think on your feet. You will die. You will die alot. The trial and error will get you annoyed, but the sense of relief you get (and renewed fear) will make you feel... better...kinda?Anyway, with all that being said I wouldDEFINITELYrecommend this. The graphics, the animations, the enemies, the environment, the story, the new microphone and bandage mechanic, the recordings but most of all the graphics (yes I know I repeated myself)! Great stuff! Although I don't feel like I can say this second installment is better than the first, I can say that this game is exactly what you think it is. Freaking scary."
,Recommended,414700,31378106,Posted: 26 April,all,Perkele,Fun religious game for the whole family!
76561198008648564,Recommended,414700,31491533,Posted: 1 May,all,≠,"I've played the first Outlast and was really excited to play this one.Honestly, it's a good game, pretty cheap for a new release as well.I think Outlast 2 is scarier than the first one BUT it has more flaws than the first one, throughout the game I found myself less scared and doing more of a rush than anything else (compared to the first one, it has WAY more parts where you just run, I didn't even feel like you needed to hide honestly.)The story will leave you confused, that's for sure, as it doesn't feel as detailed as the first one but after looking up what other people thought you can sorta make your own idea of what's going on. I feel like they might have done that so they can explain it further in possible DLC's.The atmosphere is still great anyway, it's worth its money (I had fps issues though, rarely, but it still happened a few times)."
76561198103880725,Recommended,414700,31622329,Posted: 8 May,all,What the fuck,10/10 would made me stress again
,Recommended,414700,33162612,Posted: 2 July,all,Linkgar,"I would rate this game 9/10 because it is very hard, but the good side is, IT IS SCARY AS HELL! I prefer that you buy this game :D"
,Recommended,414700,33059277,Posted: 30 June,all,exertuz,"opinions seem to be very mixed on this game but personally im in the camp of people that really loved this game.takes elements from the first game and either changes them completely or builds on them (as a good sequel should). im very glad they didnt just make the same claustrophobic asylum design like in the previous game and switched it up with more open levels. most new features are very welcome, like the microphone system or the ability to look back at recordings. its scary as hell too. story is great here as well, main character isnt mute anymore which is fine by me. this game also surprisinglyturns full psychological horror at times,which i enjoyed.its not without its flaws of course, it gets a bit ""trial and errory"" at times (though not nearly as much as some critics would have you believe), a huge chunk of the story goes unexplained, and the ending is left way too open (almost as if they're building up to a DLC that will explain the ending, cause in its current state its practically indecipherable).none of these flaws came close to ruining my experience here though.overall great game and fantastic sequel"
,Recommended,414700,31755371,Posted: 14 May,all,MiKee,♥♥♥♥ you Marta
,Recommended,414700,31398390,Posted: 27 April,all,oniya,"good game, many differences compares with the last oneyou don't need to hide anymore, just run run run!!!"
76561198043101278,Recommended,414700,31367970,Posted: 25 April,all,Carver,"If you like outlast 1 you should get outlast 2 but the ending is kinda of a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ending that leaves so many plotholes, it's not even funny."
,Recommended,414700,31369453,Posted: 25 April,all,SnappyFerguson,Excellent learning tool for teaching children about God.
76561198041458834,Recommended,414700,31370632,Posted: 25 April,all,WardElDiablo,This is so far the best horror game of 2017Way better than re7Half re7's priceScary as♥♥♥♥♥Creepy and disturbingBetter than outlast 1 and dlcGreat graphics and somehow works great even on 4 gb ramIf u are thinking if u want to buy it then take my words for it and buy it now
,Not Recommended,414700,31434499,Posted: 29 April,all,Bionic Babe,"This game hurts. A LOT. I loved the first game and the Whistleblower DLC even more. But Outlast 2 is a frustrating game of trial-and-error that's plagued with repeated death. It only has a very tiny amount of decent scares. It is drenched in a disgustingly large amount of cheap jump-scares, excessively loud sounds, lots of horror game clichés & tropes, and then splattered with heaps of gore. I got to say, there were several things that ruined this experience. Not just the “elevator, of course, crashes but you some how live” or the important NPC that knows EXACTLY what is going on yet constantly tells you, “I can't talk about it right now.”***SPOILERS***Issue one is that they tried to make it have more open areas to venture. So the game's most harrowing moments... those sequences where you're spotted by an enemy and must flee to safety... frequently devolve into trial-and-error tedium. Almost invariably, these chases are scripted yet the enemies seem to be almost always right on your heels. Get caught on a branch or little rock? Death. Run into a dead end? Death. Not click the crouch button quick enough to go into a crawlspace? Death. Everything is non-stop death and reloading your save. Get used to the loading screen. You will see it a LOT.Issue two, if you die during one of these chases, it starts immediately with the enemies aggroed and you, in several cases, purposely facing the enemy instead of the way you need to run when the save loads up again. So you are set up for failure.Issue three you have to get from point A to point B. Problem is point B, the only exit and escape route, is rarely obvious. It might be a tiny opening you have to crawl through or a bookcase you have to move which is only indicated by a very small amount of light coming through a crack or little crawlspace. This is difficult to see and ABSOLUTELY unable to be seen if you are using night vision. But you'll only have a few seconds to figure it out before your pursuers catch up and kill you, forcing you to replay most of the chase in order to return to the apparent dead end where you got stuck. The dead ends are EVERYWHERE.Issue four is almost everything was a one hit kill. Sometimes you can get hit once or have to deal with a unnecessary QTE but generally it is a one hit kill. And if you do get hit once and can still run away, you are stunned/slowed for a short moment so you pretty much can never run away and get hit again. Meaning death. And you return to your best friend, the loading screen.Note: I played the game on hard difficulty but I discussed this with other people that played it on normal and it was pretty much just as bad. (BTW Red Barrels... Why include annoying QTEs if you are going to just put an option into the game settings to check “No fail QTEs”? It's really kinda pointless to put them in the game in the first place then, huh?)Issue five is that ""sneaking"" simply doesn't work anymore. No matter how quiet you are or where you hide, it's almost guaranteed that they will find you and pretty damn quickly. Especially some of the main aggressive antagonists like Marta, Nick & Laird or Val. After all of that, the game stops being scary (which it wasn't really in the first place) and simply becomes frustrating if not infuriating.Issue six is the story. I was intrigued by the story/characters at first but after a while, and especially after seeing the ending, it very much fell flat on it's face and was vague nonsense compared to the first game and DLC. Red Barrels said they were heavily inspired by the real life events of the Jim Jones' Peoples Temple Cult of Jonestown. Let's just say it was more of a direct copy and paste, Grape Aid and all, with changing some names then adding lots of gore and violent forced sex. After that, they added some random, out of no where mud covered heretics to just add some ""creepy and disturbing"" enemies to the game. Then they add a past traumatic memory sequence through out the game that had nothing to do with the cult. I understand that the current events going on in the game were so intense for the main character, Blake, plus the bright light/microwave feedback loop effect from the tower was causing him to lose his sanity and grip on reality. The bright light tower was Red Barrels weak attempt at showing the first and second games are in the same universe and have a small link. THE ONLY thing in this game that shows a connection of Murkoff to this game is this document titled Old Traveler.http://imgur.com/AF2MPTxA pathologist named Jennifer (Jenny) Roland works for Murkoff and was mentioned in the first game. THAT'S IT!!!!!!!! And I get that it was causing the Blake to have these delusional flashbacks and hallucinations. It just seemed so out of place. Plus, I found the school and the enemy in the memory sections to be the only few times I got a little scared. I actually wished that I could have stay in the school for the whole game. The game seemed to drag on MUCH longer than it really needed to.Pros: The only things I like about the game is that the graphics look excellent, especially the viscera and blood. The voice acting is well done. I also like the new inventory system and set up with the camera like how you can go back to watch footage and listen for enemies using the mic. And how Blake made little comments on the footage.Final Note: I found Outlast 1 and ESPECIALLY the Whistleblower DLC to be much better and scarier. For me, they did a really good job of pacing of intense chases, tension and some good scares followed by calm moments to lull you into a false sense of security. It is linear but in a good way. And it has a good story with characters that are incredibly interesting. I loved learning about Eddie Gluskin and running in fear from him. The Groom was absolutely terrifying. Trager too. But this game... Outlast 2 tried and failed horribly in my eyes. Such a disappointment.If you would like a quick clip to sum up my experience with this game, here is a clip from my stream. I normally don't get like this... (Yes I know the stream FPS was being laggy right then.)https://www.twitch.tv/videos/138167950"
,Not Recommended,414700,33723845,Posted: 22 July,all,SCShadow,"I went into this game thinking it would be a chilling horror game for the ages. After playing 3 and a half hours (I logged in some extra time for the cards), I can say that this game is not that. The game started out strong, the story's premise was intruiging, and there were some good jumpscares here and there. However, it quickly went downhill, and the game soon felt repetetive, with the developer trying a little too hard to scare you. As a result, the game actually felt kind of dull, uninteresting, and most importantly, it wasn't able to create a scary atmosphere. It was just....boring.You can see what I mean in my ""playthrough"" of the first three hours or so of the game:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UCKO5Qu7QuE5/10"
,Recommended,414700,31636324,Posted: 8 May,all,BlackSoul,"You play it little, then you say to yourself:Ok, I've got some immunity to all tricks and scary moments this game contains.Then you progress little further and realize you were wrong. Again and again...While negative reviews are minority (15% at the moment), they were upvoted and occupy almost the entire store page. They clearly contain some points for developers to consider in future games.I personally don't have much experience with horror games, so at least for me this game was pretty scary.Especially i liked sound effects and music tracks, they are very nicely done."
,Recommended,414700,31360163,Posted: 25 April,all,✪ Maverick.,"9/10What can i say? I'm so speechless after i saw the graphics. I'll just say ""Welcome to 2017!""First, the most awesome part from this game is the graphic, usually horror game or movie, will use a lot of grain but on Outlast 2, i saw it a crystal clear graphics. That's why i really love it because it looks more realistic without the grain.The graphics texture will remind you that this is already 2017, the future is here already.Second, about the optimizing, i can say this game is already fully optimized. I run this game on 17-6700k, 64 GB of RAM and GTX 1080 on 4K Resolution, i can get stable 60 FPS all the time. I also like how they turn your (razer chroma) keyboard and mouse into white lighting only (like when you play overwatch using razer chroma).Unlike the first game (Outlast), i didn't get headache playing this game, when i played Outlast, i got terrible headache (maybe because the 1st person cam effect with 90% green screen all the time) so i need to take a break after playing the game for a few hours.. On Outlast 2, you will experience the feeling like you're really there sneaking, hiding, walking or running for your life, you can really feel the atmosphere.I will try not to comapre this with Resident Evil 7. Outlast 2 and RE7, both are awesome game. But i just felt like i can enjoy this more compare to RE7. Maybe its all because in RE7, there is a lot of (unnecessary in my opinion) puzzle. So if you want to enjoy the story, gameplay, graphics, and horror atmosphere rather than solve the puzzle, this one is a great choice for you.So my conclusion, this game is fully optimized with breathtaking graphics, awesome gameplay, enjoyable story, etc... Highly recommended to buy (especially the price isnt so high compare to the other new games that released in 2017)"
,Not Recommended,414700,31480244,Posted: 30 April,all,ArtificialRaven,"Gorgeous, disgusting, gritty & detailed graphics and great atmosphere & sound. All the game mechanics from the first Outlast are here. Running, hiding, and areas with some light puzzle solving and platforming exist. The camera has been upgraded too. The protagonist can now record points of interest for playback and commentary. In addition to the nightvision mode the camera also has a microphone feature that can be used to hear people through walls in order to pinpoint locations or just listen to random cultist ramblings. So that's neat however using both nightvision and the mic together will drain your batteries unbelievably fast. I was forced to use the nightvision so often that I couldn't spare the battery power to use the mic, rendering it completely useless.Everything else fell flat for me. The stealth and strategy from the first Outlast takes a backseat to all the chase scenes in this one. And I found the Chase scene set pieces to be so confusing that I couldn't help but think to myself, ""you know, this game could benefit from having more or better visual cues that hint at where to go."" There were often some very subtle visual cues but it's still not enough to get through without dying a lot and eventually figuring it out through trial and error. But here's the rub, dying a lot breaks my immersion. And don't even get me started on getting hung up on environmental objects like rocks and trees all the time.  I also take issue with the story and ending but I can't talk about it here without getting into spoiler territory. All I'll say about that is the game left me very dissapointed and unsatisfied.Overall I found it to be a very frustrating game yet one of the graphically best looking horror survival games right up there with Resident Evil 7. If you still want to play Outlast 2, wait for a 30-50% off sale. I still think the first Outlast is brilliant though so you should probably play that instead if you haven't. Or go and replay it and the Whistleblower DLC too."
76561198215819149,Recommended,414700,34781580,Posted: 6 September,all,Drummerchik,"Easily the scariest game I have ever encountered.. I would definitely reccommend it to others. However, the story line is brutal and is sure to stick with you long after completion of the game. I have always been a ~huge~ fan of horror but have failed to come across a horror game that could have much of an impact on me.. at least until I tried Outlast 2! To be quite honest, is was even hard for me to handle at times. Much thanks to the creators of this game. <3"
,Recommended,414700,31351670,Posted: 24 April,all,AsswassinsCream,"I ran out of batteries, cant see $h1t. 10/10.Update: Upon completing the game I was confused at the ending. It was a little short for my taste, but in all I thought it was just as good as the first Outlast."
76561198381530648,Not Recommended,414700,31467124,Posted: 30 April,all,davidreber67,"Outlast 2 is a fruserating, helpless first-person ""horror"" game, without the school parts this game would get a 0/10 in my books. The game isn't even scary, all it is is getting chased by people for 8 hours..... Yes that is the whole ♥♥♥♥ing game. If you enjoy one hit deaths and being chased in the dark for 8 hours than buy the game, but it is not recommended."
76561198006503088,Not Recommended,414700,31438553,Posted: 29 April,all,Ezkayl,i already wrote this review once about how badly bugged this game is but i have just become aware of how things play out and i have to say if you loved the first outlast DO NOT BUY THIS ONE god damn it's bad between the bugs the uncertain story and horrible ending just please don't ruin your love for a game that was truly great RUN..... RUN AWAY FROM THIS RUNNING SIMULATORi actually had this permenantly deleted from my account no refund or anything i just didn't want to say that i own this anymore.
76561198314421209,Recommended,414700,31436000,Posted: 29 April,all,josesanleandroav,me ha encantado increible en un dia me lo pase pero por que estube encerrado pero el juego es muy largo y me ha parecido estupendo sobre todo la musica de ambiente y la decoracion y ya de los graficos para que hablar 15 de 10 le doi a este juego. mejor que el resident evil 7
,Recommended,414700,31453500,Posted: 29 April,all,☢Duke Nukem☢,More Terrifing than FNAFFanbase
76561198095281708,Recommended,414700,31407729,Posted: 27 April,all,PoopSquare,"I was a fan of the original Outlast. For a long time it has stayed as my favorite horror game of all time. When Outlast 2 came out, I couldn't resist. Outlast 2 is such an amazing experience. The graphics were improved drastically from the first game, there are some ridiculous hidng spots all around the map, you are able to do so much more like crawl extra low andinteract with many more objects in the environment, there are more unique and well designed enemies with interesting AI, and the story is really cool. I adored the transitions from the real world to the flashbacks and the chase scenes are absolutely terrifying and intense. If you enjoy horror games that rely less on jumpscares and more on fast thinking and intense chases, this is a must buy. Outlast 2 is now officially my favorite horror game of all time."
76561198052395015,Not Recommended,414700,31469374,Posted: 30 April,all,Lone Wanderer,"I loved the first Outlast and it's DLC Whistleblower. 11/10Outlast 2 unfortunately is nothing but a constant death fest. You will die so many times fumbling in the dark (especially if you don't have your camera) for the linear path that is absolutely unclear. All of my deaths have been because I couldn't see where I was supposed to go. Outlast 1 put you in a building with extremely limited light. Outlast 2 pits you in the open wilderness where you can't see anything beyond the closest trees. Putting together the pieces of the story using mostly notes found in the world is the only way you will loosely understand the story. The audio feature of the camera I found was useless aside from listening to locals babble to themselves. Your character, despite seeming normal and healthy, can be easily choked to death by a one armed, heavily emaciated lepper. No chance at breaking free...just dead. And yet I've broken free from a beefy executioner with a giant machette.I haven't even finished the game and I already cannot recommend it. The constant run-run-run, dead, dead, dead breaks the flow of the story and makes me just wish to get to the next story sequence and bypass game play.4/10"
,Recommended,414700,34028058,Posted: 4 August,all,yesdrama,"It was either this, or watch ""America Got Talent""...this is better than ""AGT"""
,Recommended,414700,31599940,Posted: 7 May,all,The Horror Network | Embalmer,"Review for Outlast:Here.Review for Outlast - Whistleblower DLC:Here.From publisher/developer Red Barrels comes Outlast 2, the successor to 2013's overwhemingly acclaimed indie survival-horror masterpiece of the same name. Having heard nothing from the developer for the last four years, the announcement of a sequel to the series sparked wild curiosity and sent waves of excitement rippling through the horror gaming community. Although Outlast 2 saw its share of delays, the stunning trailers and mouth-watering demo kept horror connoisseurs ensnared until the final release date eventually rolled around.You take on the role of cameraman Blake Langermann. At the beginning of the game, Blake is working with his wife Lynn to investigate a trail of clues regarding the murder of an unknown pregnant woman; their pursuit has led them to the Arizona desert. However, soon things take a twisted turn as their helicopter drops from the sky, having been attacked by an unknown assailant, and Blake is separated from Lynn. The remainder of Outlast 2 sees that Blake goes through innumerable hells in order to try and find his lost love, and soon he finds himself thrown into the middle of a chaotic battle between evil and vile. The entirety of the title centers around two primary cult groups, and as such there is a lot of religious and anti-religious imagry to be had. That being said, if those concepts unsettle you, this is not the title for you by any means.In keeping with what made the first Outlast such a unique success, the camcorder mechanic is back and slightly more refined with the addition of a microphone that can pick up distant audio; a feature that allows you to track enemies from afar. You will still need to feed it tons of batteries throughout the 6-7 hour long campaign, but luckily there are more than enough lying around, at least on normal difficulty. For healing aids you have bandages, which can be very scarce in areas; although ultimately they end up being useless in many instances, as enemies can catch up to you faster than you can use them and as such are best saved for when you're hidden. However, Red Barrel have solved the age-old question of ""where does the main character keep their items?"" by creating a simple inventory system that allows you to see how many bandages and batteries that you have left... right in the front pockets of Blake's vest.Much akin to it's predecessor, the core ""scare"" factors of Outlast 2 stem from two things; chase sequences and stealth scenarios. These two horror foundations occur almost non-stop, leading to the game being crushingly intense, which makes the player appreciate any bit of recovery time, no matter how brief it may be. It also makes this title an incredibly tough one, since the enemies are expertly agile and they seem to be able to find you with relative ease, in most cases. Recently, Red Barrel have introduced a patch to nerf the game's adversity, but not by much, as even on normal difficulty a lot of trial and error is needed to progress in many areas. This is largely due to the fact that your escape route is almost always well hidden, whether it be a cart that you need to move in order to climb up a wall, a well placed crevice, or an obstacle that you need to crouch and crawl underneathe.In all truth, the struggle and hardship one will endure while playing through Outlast 2 may turn many players off from finishing even their first playthrough. While a hearty challenge is greatly appreciated, especially since so many modern horror titles are lacking in this area, much of the game's outstanding atmosphere is lost due to either having to run past everything in a chase scene, or having to bypass exploration opportunities because of the large amount of enemies in some areas. Another major problem that the game suffers from is inconsistency; you never know which foe will decide to attack you, and which one you can simply walk right up to with no reaction. It should also be noted that what would be considered ""bosses"" can easily one-shot you, sending you back to your last checkpoint.If you're a gore fanatic, you've truly found your paradise here. This title has it all, from strewn intestines, to severed heads, countless mangled bodies, gutted bovine, puddles of blood, there's no doubt that Outlast 2 is visually gruesome; not to mention the horrendous deaths that will occur right before your very eyes. I don't want to go into too much detail here, since doing so will spoil some parts of the game. Visceral gore aside, the title looks fantastic; the graphics are top-tier, and the optimization is equally as praise worthy. The soundtrack is just as fantastic, and it's another unstoppable force to be reckoned with; whether you're in immediate danger or not, the high-intensity, cinematic quality sounds will continue to blast, ensuring that your heartbeat never falls below 100 BPM.Outlast 2 is a cult-obsessed, gore-soaked title that is undoubtedly intense, crucifyingly offensive, absurdly challenging, and undeniably terrifying. It should also be recognized as 2017's Horror Game of the Year, and Red Barrel should be exceptionally proud of the monster that they've created. Despite it's minor flaws, which boil down to a few random crashes and an overly difficult campaign, Outlast 2 is an absolute must play for any fan of survival and/or psychological horror, and those that love the sight of blood and guts. Move over Resident Evil 7, there's a new king in town.Rating:4.5/5.0- Excellent, highly worth playing.The Horror NetworkCurator|GroupClick for Gore"
,Recommended,414700,31430098,Posted: 28 April,all,blu,Now this is what I expect to see with my nice CATHOLIC games for children 😂👌💯💯
76561198126306382,Recommended,414700,31439375,Posted: 29 April,all,Mene,You have to be a masochist to voluntarily punish yourself with the 'Outlast 2' experience.
76561198109888659,Recommended,414700,31448964,Posted: 29 April,all,ZEROCIRCLE,"On the one hand that game is a verry good mix of fun and horror and it gots an very nice atmosphere. On the other Hand it's story is very interesting. Many people don't will understand everything in the first moment but after a couple of hours it will be more clearly. In my opinion it is an very very good game and a nice second episode of outlast. BUT it is not comparable with Outlast and Outlast Wistleblower because the surroundings are very different. There are many interesting new characters (for example father Knoth) and features (for example that you have to heal yourself). All in all I give you the advice to wait for a sale, because 28 euros are much money but I realy can recommend that video game to all horror-fans! :)"
76561198048793200,Recommended,414700,31385660,Posted: 26 April,all,BaronRedWings,I see a lot of people not recommending this game due to its gameplay and to a degree I can understand that (although I never had quite the some seem to be having). However i'm recommending this game 100% on its storyline. The story itself and its connection to the first game is fanstastic and for me than made up for it to me.Some people will decide to watch this through a playthrough but I think it's worth experiencing it yourself.
,Recommended,414700,33008099,Posted: 29 June,all,Crustylol,"best horror game since re7 frankly I loved it , I was spooked throught the whole the game , and just like outlast 1 you think you figured the story out , you check on internet and you understand that everything is different from what you expected , damn red barrels is surely good at making golden scenarios and also the atmosphere is breathtaking."
76561198317874847,Not Recommended,414700,31390924,Posted: 27 April,all,BALAKESANAKE,"outlast 2 is the most false reviewed game i ever saw since black ops 3 zombies this game is really disappointing and let me explain why:firstly the game is not that scary at most creepy but not scary. unlike outlast 1 and the dlc  whistleblower that scare your♥♥♥♥♥♥the first 20 min you start playing them , this game keeps the creepy atmosphere for like 3 4 hours, im not joking this game doesnt scare you at all unlike the first one that slaps you with jump scares and makes you hide and wish to god that they wont find you , that is what made that game so good but this game is just bad it looks good yes but its really bad at being a horror game. the story is very bad and Cliché and the ending is just a fk you to the face no explanation no nothing ,this game just wants you to buy the dlc for answers.pros:- game is so beautiful the graphics are just wow- atmosphere is creepy as hell- the school parts omg the school parts they are the most scariest moments of the game and made me almost cry- sound is perfect music is spot on i really liked itcons ( there are a lot)-after 2 to 3 hours of gameplay not a single scare or anything you just go and explore-this game is a cat and mouse simulator literally the whole gameplay of the game is you running away not jocking the whole game is about running away since hiding is so bad becuase the enemies find you instantly-most of the good parts are at the school illussions but when you come back to the redneck area from a horror game the game becomes  a sports game because the only thing that you are doing is running away-the ending is sht and doesnt explain anything about everything that happend-that one enemie that is chasing you through the whole game is sht because she is not that scary just annoying- blayke the guy that you play as is weird af he can barely jump on simple rocks but he can parkur he can kick someone but cant pick up a weapon and wreck people with itthis game had a lot of potential but it lost it its not scary ( except for the school part) and you just die a lot in this game for not picking the right road and run away most of the time thats itmy final score to this game is 5.5/10 its not worth 30 dollars at all you can easly skip this game and buy resident evil 7 its a better horor game believe me"
76561198057685915,Recommended,414700,31374830,Posted: 26 April,all,Nick,"What can I say this game is amazing, I highly recommend this game. It is totally worth it"
,Recommended,414700,31377134,Posted: 26 April,all,hyunwoo041192,"excellent game.I am really picky in deciding games, but I give this 9/10.It's scary, atmospheric, and has a good embedded story.you will be so mind♥♥♥♥ed in the end of the game. i count on it.please play this."
,Recommended,414700,31380396,Posted: 26 April,all,papakancha,oh♥♥♥♥♥♥....he saw me ♥♥♥♥ ruuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuun!!!! this is my whole experience
,Recommended,414700,31410848,Posted: 28 April,all,CrispyCTW (Hicks),"A great sequal for an amazing series. Enhanced features and a new setting bring a fresh feel to the originals gameplay, though there are a few hiccupsPros- Different Enviroment from Outlast- New movement options allow for more varied Level design- Great Visuals- Immersive inventory management- Interesting story, the end is not what it seemsCons- Defaults on chase scenes a bit much- Story is a bit confusing- A bit short 5-6 hours of gameplay- Predictable at timesOverall I would give Outlast 2 an 8/10. It gives more of a great thing with improved features. There is a decent story with links to the original, but it can be hard to see as it is burried in notes and recordings collected throughout the game. Personally I did not find the setting as scary as the claustrophobic halls of Mount Massive Asylum, but the town of Temple Gate, Arizona definitely did the job."
,Recommended,414700,31372109,Posted: 26 April,all,Juron,"Hum... Kind of puzzled for this one.The game is really good. First of all, I enjoyed the little improvements added since the first game :- The microphone to track enemies is really a good added value. But, if on paper, it's supposed to serve, you can do almost all the game without it, which is kind of sad (except for one sequence in the game where... well.. you'll see.- Graphics are really good. Improved since the first one, not exceptionnal but they do the job.- Still a linear story but with more choice sometimes. Well, you still can't go anywhere and that's good but I had the feeling that you could move more freely than in the first game.- Scary ? Nah. Frightening ? Sometimes (but mostly in the end of the game). Yes, this is the point where I'm really puzzled. It's a good sequel to Outlast but it's less scary. You will rather get angry due to stupid deaths than scared. The game is beautiful in its ambiance and landscapes but it diminishes the impact of horror. It's just stressful and I think it could have been better on this point.Now, two points that really annoyed me :- The point why this game is more stressful than scary --> You run. All. The. Time (almost ^^). That's why you can't get scared, you don't spent too much time in the different places so you can't get scared.- The ""bosses"" are kind of OP. I'm sorry but even in the first game, they were less OP to find you sometimes. One boss can track you everywhere you go and it was annoying as hell.So, this game is good but not as good as the first one. If you really loved the first one, then get this one (but discounted, I would suggest) cause it's still an excellent game but don't have high expectations !"
76561197986551706,Recommended,414700,31448871,Posted: 29 April,all,a7alpha,"Absolutely a wonderful game, one of the best horror games in the franchise.I was hesitant because of reading a few reviews about how linear the game is, which is wierd because all the other Outlast games have a set path.  This game doesn't follow a trail the entire way, just like the other games it has open zones, closed zones,♥♥♥♥♥♥your pants zones, then the Church.  I drum up all the hate and critique to the puritans who hyped the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of the game to the point where expectation will never meet reality.The AI is great, the NPCs are smarter and coordinate, while not excessively smart so you can hide in a pinch, they will find you and chase to the point of exhaustion until you figure out what you need to do and where to go. Trial and error is going to be a big part of your gameplay.These reviews about how unfair the game is makes me want to scream sometimes.  The NPCs are excessively violent (ITS A HORROR GAME), they will not show mercy or go away after running a few yards if you mess up and get spotted. I played on hard mode (there are two more modes above that) and it doesn't even seem to be fair at times.I played this in the middle of the night, with headphones, lights off and no one around me.  I jumped, actually got chills down my spine, creeped out, felt like someone was in the room with me, got some whiskey after having to trudge through.....things.....Like i said, Atmosphere hits the nail on the head, writing is well done, voice acting starts off...meh, but improves.  I like to pay attention everything so it takes me some time to go through my first play through and it's detailed oriented.This game is for horror fans, trust me when i say, ""your going to jump"".If your looking for a carbon copy of the two previous Outlasts, go back and play them.  The game is as open as the other outlasts, even more so in some area's.  So i have no idea why people are complaining about this.I also read a lot of reviews crying about the game not holding your hand and showing you everything to do and where you need to go.  If you need a helicopter parent to play a game, then this game is also not for you."
76561198040369825,Not Recommended,414700,31451721,Posted: 29 April,all,Riplasher,"While this game is great. It's not as good as I would have hoped. Something just feels missing from it, and there are points in the game where you're in chases and you die because of something stupid making you think ""What the ♥♥♥♥?? how was I supposed to....?""6.5/10wait for sale"
,Recommended,414700,31451329,Posted: 29 April,all,Troupple,"Outlast 2 is an experience that I think all horror game players, nubile to the horror video game genre or experienced in the horror genre, should try out.The theme of Outlast 2 is religion, or at least the corrupt parts of it (which I think is absolutely unique). This sort of theme for a horror genre hasn't been done at all (to my knowledge) and I feel as if they did it right with this masterpiece.The game itself only take about 8 hours if you really just go at a normal pace (ignore the achievement for beating the game in under 4 hours).On the amount of actual horror that this game creates, whether shock, jumpscares, or ambience and environments, it does well. Very well. I would even say Outlast 2 is a perfect horror game. Where the Whistleblower DLC for the first Outlast game failed in the saturation of disturbing scenes, Outlast 2 balances it out perfectly.I definitely recommend this game to anyone who likes horror or even mystery games.Definitely my favorite game of 2017."
,Recommended,414700,31366072,Posted: 25 April,all,Sinable,"Its a pretty amazing game, well worth $30 in my opinion.If you are a fan of the original Outlast, or like horror games in general....Get.Outlast.2."
76561198211181415,Not Recommended,414700,33303411,Posted: 6 July,all,KenKenXD,"The game's script is confusing.I can't understand the storyline.There are school and reality sections mixin the game.If you are wondering buying this game or not ,plz don't ! Just watch let's plays on YT or something."
76561198120642444,Recommended,414700,31423853,Posted: 28 April,all,Michael Scott,Another one #prayforOutlast ||| #9.2/10 #loved it
,Recommended,414700,31371798,Posted: 26 April,all,Kiryu-chan,"Well if you played the first game probably you will enjoy the sequel too.Pros : Great Graphic, Great AI, Jumpscare is good, added new mechanicCons : Confusing Story, 3 hit from and enemy then you'll dieP.S : I'm Only Played the first part not yet to continue (Probably because i'm a little cry baby)"
76561198128630168,Recommended,414700,31508508,Posted: 2 May,all,deNu,Best game from RedBarrels . Story / graphics and all the jumpscares are so badass . Buy this game if you want horror and if you want to live intense . Love it
76561198082523135,Recommended,414700,31507108,Posted: 2 May,all,scottiscittles,Incredibly dark and unnerving. I was a huge fan of the first game and my friend and I had both been looking forward to this for quite sometime. I thought the ending was emotionally satisfying. Would give this game my highest recommendations for anyone who's a fan of the horror genre.
76561198154200581,Recommended,414700,34829242,Posted: 8 September,all,RedCrunchmaican,Will give you extreme anxiety and make you sh*t yourself and thats how it supposed to be 10/10.
,Not Recommended,414700,31447039,Posted: 29 April,all,Classified,+ Grafics- story- gameplay- very few actual scary party- worst Ending in history of Time- you don't understand whats going on all game- RUNNING ALL GAME- Mechanics in game suck♥♥♥♥♥- playing on Normal some Monsters straight up just oneshot you before you can do♥♥♥♥♥♥about it.
,Recommended,414700,31421688,Posted: 28 April,all,AnzA,"If you are into chase simulators, this is the best goddamn redneck chase simulator out there!"
,Recommended,414700,31369582,Posted: 25 April,all,12Gage,I have never seen more dead babies in my entire life.
,Recommended,414700,31374419,Posted: 26 April,all,Count Wulfric,"Good that i have pack of nippies from my little daughter, i will need a lot of them. This game is scary as f.."
76561198063870994,Recommended,414700,31362381,Posted: 25 April,all,NoizeDrop,"Holy Cow...this game is an awesome horror game! slightly different than the first one but it has it's own strengths!Also i don't see the problem of so many people calling this game short...i played it today for 12 Hours with minor breaks for my heart...that's far more i could stomach and i was kinda relieved that i beat the game finally at the end and the terror ends :DPro's-an amazing intriguing Storyline-incredible Graphics and Atmosphere-The best Scares you will ever get from any game-Extremly tense Chase Scenes-Typical Outlast GameplayCon's-You might die alot on some certain points in a row even on normal difficulty (can be really hard sometimes and a bit frustrating)-To get the most of the story and to understand it you really must find most of the notes hidden throughout the game.You won't get your answers for free here!Have fun with the game and enjoy it! Don't pirate this game as so many of you planned on doing because of it's ""short"" length! Support the Devs so we can get more of this masterfully crafted game!"
,Recommended,414700,31426696,Posted: 28 April,all,Reverse,"Oulast 2 lived up to its expectations in every way possible. It's improved in every department compared to Outlast 1. The best part of Outlast 2 was the music, the improved gameplay (bandages and camera), and the story. Those three things alone make this game stand out like a large blue diamond in a sea of dirt. I pray to Knoth that Red Barrels releases DLC for this game."
76561198119422276,Recommended,414700,31367790,Posted: 25 April,all,Sh1bum,It's like playing the victim in a Cannibal Corpse song
76561198214644637,Recommended,414700,31365988,Posted: 25 April,all,Friendly Neighbourhood Pedophile,this game is so ♥♥♥♥ing scary. i can promise you will get scared ive just played a liitle bit and ive screamed my lungs out.if you like getting scared would recommend it but if you dont like to get scared... still recommend it8.5/10 buy it if you like horror games
76561198106313764,Recommended,414700,31399807,Posted: 27 April,all,geordiejack1,One of the best horror games ive ever played. I thought it was much better then the first game which says something as that was ♥♥♥♥ing amazing. I would recommend this to any horror fan.
,Not Recommended,414700,33391236,Posted: 8 July,all,Dad,"Running Simulator 2017On the surface, this seems to be a great game. But the ending is open ended and I can see DLC coming to actually explain the story from miles away."
76561198055631052,Recommended,414700,31511652,Posted: 2 May,all,Rafalo15,"Complete review with pictures found athttp://www.gamefold.net/outlast-2-review/Beware all ye who enter, this is a land of jumpscares.I never did actually play the first Outlast myself, but I watched a good friend of mine stream speedruns of it a lot during my first few months on twitch. Without a doubt, it is a scary game but the speedruns and the skips used were just so ridiculous that it lost all sense of horror to me, although I admit that if I do play it myself I'd be very scared.Which is why I'm surprised that I actually played Outlast 2, as I'm not really one for horror games, but I couldn't resist when I saw that it was cheaper than I expected. The decent runtime of eight hours, at least for your first playthrough, justifies the price tag as you will most likely come back to this for subsequent playthroughs to figure out the story and play the inevitable dlc.Oh and there is an achievement for beating the game in less than four hours so the devs definitely made the game with speedruns in mind, something I am absolutely looking forward to.The story is simple enough, you play Blake Langermann, an investigative journalist who has been sent into rural Arizona with his wife Lynn to investigate the mysterious murder of a Jane Doe. Of course, that all goes to♥♥♥♥♥♥when your helicopter is downed and you come across a cult led by a ""Papa"" Sullivan Knoth, who has been♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and then killing the impregnated women of the town in a bid to prevent the rise of the Anti-Christ.Two sides of one religion fighting each other, one (Val, formely Knoth's lieutenant) claims that her god isn't a god and that the others is his own ego, and that her child will ♥♥♥♥ the world. She leads the scalled, cultists that were exiled for the sores that developed on their bodies.Throw in some extremely gruesome events like coming across a pit full of children that were burnt to death, a woman who was♥♥♥♥♥♥♥repeatedly in front of the other cultists, and a man who has ""JUDAS"" carved into his chest and is forced to watch his wife be tortured in front of him and..... yeah, this is one hell of a ♥♥♥♥ed up plot that the game throws at you.Even though it was a gruesome story that genuinely made me feel sick at times, I couldn't help but want to know more about the backstory of this backwater hellhole and what drove these crazy ♥♥♥♥s to do all this in the first place. Most of the story is actually told through notes and visual cues, somewhat like Dark Souls, so I can see people who prefer everything being told to them not liking this. But I preferred it to the original game's plot, this felt much more grounded than the whole nanite business the first game had, and as a whole it felt creepier because of that.Truth be told, I have yet to beat the game myself, as I've been distracted with uni work and other games, but I was fortunate to catch a streamer who had just got to the same part I did and, well, the story gets crazier and the ending is rather out there but I'm not gonna spoil it here. Either experience it yourself or watch someone else play.Horror games have been hit and miss for me, I love series like Resident Evil and Dead Space, for example, but thats about it. The thing is, that for me anyway, horror games can be great but I don't like being completely defenceless. I still think Resident Evil 7 nailed this aspect because for a good portion of the game you have virtually no means of defence other than a pocket knife. Okay, so Outlast 2 takes place in a town where you are completely outnumbered but how is that Blake can't defend himself to some degree? Surely he can throw a punch, no matter how weak.Thats what really bugged me about Outlast 2, I had hoped that if I got spotted I could at least throw a punch to stun them or even pick up one of the many farming tools laying around but nope, the whole game you can only run and hide.The fact that apparently everyone but you can see in the dark is also ridiculous, almost every single death I had in the game was because I was somehow spotted despite being well hidden, or I jumped into a barrel or locker when an enemy was around the corner and yet still they found me. And I was playing on normal! Where the damn AI is dumbed down enough to give you a break, I can't imagine this on insanity where one hit equals death.Sound design is a key factor in survival horror games like this and I'm happy to say that it is phenomenal in this, with the volume cranked to max and a good pair of headphones you can hear every sound, and this alone kept me on the edge of my seat for pretty much all of my playthrough. The returning camera mechanic has also been upgraded for this with the addition of a mic that shows you the volume level and which side its coming from, but this feature is somewhat useless if you're using headphones, but is nonetheless welcome.Easily the best part of the game for me was the dream sequences that occur throughout the game. At key points, Blake would be ""transported"" back to his childhood at a Catholic high school and each time we come back to this place the story gets more morbid, as we eventually find out what happened to Blake's best friend Jessica and her ""suicide"". For me, a rural setting with murderous cultists chasing me has nothing on a school at night, that♥♥♥♥♥♥is just so much creepier. Even more so towards the end of these sequences... but its better to experience that yourself.Cornfield sequence.... this game made corn tenseFramerate would drop every so often but overall it ran smoothlyThe school dream sequences weren't too bad the first two instances but the third time the jumpscare genuinely scared me, to the point that I threw my headphones off and had to take a breatherAn amazing story with a rather unusual ending that felt somewhat rushed but at the same time is greatMarta is easily one of the scariest enemies in the game, that pickaxe of hers is no laughing matterOutlast 2 is a phenomenal game, and while I personally feel that it relies a little too much on jumpscares, I think that horror fans would absolutely love this game and that it is more than worth the price tag. Some form of defence, even if its merely pushing an enemy away, would be welcome in future installments."
,Not Recommended,414700,31514391,Posted: 2 May,all,Spookgorrod,"The graphics here are fantastic, it has a lot of cool concepts, but over all it was a tedious and more hair rippingly frustrating experience then what it could've been. It also failed to scare me. Whenever I saw Marta my heart didn't start racing, I just thought to myself ""Aw god not this again."""
76561198140259461,Not Recommended,414700,31568325,Posted: 5 May,all,gurden2,No where near as well done as the first one and the main antagonist in the game is poorly done and you can't hide from her properly.
,Recommended,414700,31619704,Posted: 7 May,all,FuzzyFishIII,Best interactive advertisement for recruiting church members I have ever seen.10/10
76561198261025855,Recommended,414700,31557752,Posted: 5 May,all,Rascal,dlc or oultast 3 soon pls
76561198036661989,Recommended,414700,31365321,Posted: 25 April,all,LinkyLinc,"I never buy a game on release. I generally wait for a sale.Two things pushed me over the line.-The price and the love for the Outlast series.NO REGRETS!!OMG, If you loved the first one, you'll !!LOVE!! THIS ONEThe Graphics, The characters, The thought behind every detail!So many subtle details added and thought about in this game.  It makes it feel so much more immersive.HATS OFF TO THE DEVELOPERS.I seriously recommend it.I also am running this on my laptop, with an NVIDIA GT650M and it runs well with above average settings.This game is beautiful and I AM EXCITED FOR THE NEXT IN THE SERIES.Buy this game! and DIAPERS as you may wee a little involuntarily."
,Recommended,414700,31546310,Posted: 4 May,all,LilGuyG,"Outlast 2 is very uneven. It's really good at times and really bad at times. I want you to know that before going in.The first half of the game is WELL DONE, The atmosphere, Graphics, Soundtrack and gameplay are great! But when it hits the second half of the game it feels like a chase simulator. I am giving it a thumbs up though.I have been debating back and forth with myself wheater or not this is worth it at full price. And my answer is this:If you are looking for atmosphere with a great story and spookiness and creeps and scares. Play Outlast 1If you are looking for tense chases, Gore shocks, an ok story and amazing graphics. Play Outlast 2If you have plenty of money get both because they are both worth it. But they both play a lot differently to one another in terms of gameplay and flow."
76561198161549900,Recommended,414700,34668940,Posted: 1 September,all,Chris Walker,The best Scary game in the world. i hope you guys make a Outlast 3 too.
,Not Recommended,414700,31370485,Posted: 25 April,all,r2j2612,"Rated this game a positive. It was. For first 2 hours.After that, itsFrustrating trial and errorand you get killed a lot without any reason, getting detected from anywhere and on Nightmare Difficulty, this game is actually aNightmareAfter frustrating myself for so long, I finally am probably near the end. And its a frustrating playthrough. I wish it was actually likeOriginal OutlastThe start is actually extremely polished - Graphics, Opening moments. This mayy blind people into giving it a Positive.If only there was aMehrating on Steam."
,Recommended,414700,31515445,Posted: 2 May,all,joseph,اللي مسوي اللعبه مينون رسمي10/10
,Not Recommended,414700,31478207,Posted: 30 April,all,(´･ω･`),"Was looking forward to play after heavily enjoying the first game, was excited at the beginning but over the duration of an hour I lost my excitement and my experience went from fun to meh. The story is meh and features a copy pasted backwater town full of stupid people who want to kill you. The AI is both too smart and too dumb where they can always find you hiding and will patrol a tight area around your spot, but you can walk around a pole or barrel with an enemy to permanently avoid them and regenerate stamina. The game switches between hiding from enemies to running from them constantly, and it's pretty boring. The game isn't actually scary either, the only time I was genuinely scared was during the dream flashbacks because you don't know what's going on and what could happen at any moment, but the town was very predictable and the game told you what you'd experience for the entire game. There is a cult group living in the town and they want to kill you while you look for a girl who got lost in the town. Great, now I know what every enemy is going to be like, and now I know what to expect for the rest of the game for the most part.I refunded the game after a few hours as I kept wanting to try it again to see if the game goes anywhere new, but it doesn't. I wouldn't really recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,414700,31486203,Posted: 1 May,all,Golden Hawk,"This game isn't even scary and it's not even fun to play. It's an absolute chore playing this and I wasted my time playing it. The enemies are boring and inconsistent with their attacks and I just don't find it fun to play. The game makes you stressed but not in the sense of being scared or being chased, but in the sense that you're just stressed trying to complete tasks in this game.Pros-Good Graphics-Good AtmosphereCons-terrible enemies-doesn't really build up tension-boring tasks to complete-repetitive gameplaySide Note:Reviews from IGN,Metacritic, etc clearly don't know how to rate horror games or got bribed to rate this high, these reviews are way too positive and I feel like they only played the game for 20 minutes."
,Not Recommended,414700,31380601,Posted: 26 April,all,Notices Bulge,"Ever wondered what Texas Chainsaw Massacre would be like if it was set in Jonestown? Me neither.I really wanted to like Outlast 2. I loved Outlast, even if it wasn't the most original title I've ever played. It had great characterization, an interesting setting, some decent jumpspooks and a thankfully silent protagonist. Outlast 2 managed an interesting setting, and then did its very best to hide it behind a confusing, fragmented and awkwardly told story. I could say a lot about what I didn't enjoy about the game, but for the sake of brevity I'll list the most offensive design choices.It's dark, It's foggy, It's foggin’ dark.Obviously, the game is meant to be dark. I think perhaps the devs went a little overboard with the idea and the result is that for the most part you can see exactly bugger all. The extremely heavy fog compounds this effect and at times even your night vision cam isn't enough to penetrate the wall of pea soup floating 2 feet in front of you. A lot of key cutscenes are too dark to make out much of what is going on and this becomes very annoying, very quickly.You can run (not very far) but you can't hideFor a game where your two options for dealing with danger are running and hiding, they really gimped your ability to run more than 10 seconds without having an asthma attack, or hide anywhere other than RedBarrels® Approved Hiding Spots™. There are too many scripted chase scenes that can end in death because your chubby ♥♥♥♥ of an avatar's lungs collapse after a few hurried steps. These chase scenes often devolve into a memory game because you will take a poorly indicated wrong turn, end up in a cul de sac and be bludgeoned to death by a one-armed, emaciated redneck with terminal herpes as you cower in abject terror, unable to throw even the lightest punch in self defense.The ""story.""Oh god the story. It's a bit of a shambles. Trying to tell two fragmented stories at once, Outlast 2 eventually delivers a kind-of-sort-of coherent story by the end of the game but it picks a confusing, disjointed path. The frequent flash-back sequences in the game eat up a lot of the total play time and aren't much more interesting that opening the door to 2 or 3 rooms several times over and running away from the spooky Lickitung. It becomes very obvious very early on what happened back then, and not much develops past that point. Back in the real world, the story is basically a glorified fetch-quest to the soundtrack of religious doomsday ramblings.Bland CharactersDon't expect interesting dialogue or motivations here. Conspicuously absent is the strong characterization from Outlast: you'll get no Tragers, no Twins, no Grooms. What you will get is Minecraft Grandma and Legolas on Stilts with Bonus Aids. Whilst Legolas gets a bit of dialogue in, it pales in comparison to the likes from the charismatic psychopathy that Trager delivers.All up, Outlast 2 feels like a cheap Netflix Original horror that might stave off boredom for a few hours. It excels at nothing in particular without being particularly bad. It's not a game I'd care to play through again in a hurry."
,Not Recommended,414700,31398479,Posted: 27 April,all,[GR]Maverick,Holy cow am I dissapointed....Played first one so many times over and over.But. The second one... I'll be waiting a few years to play it again when I'm bored...I'm so so so so so upset and disapointed...The game has nice graphics. But. Story was not there at all...
76561198058403705,Recommended,414700,31367769,Posted: 25 April,all,Batman,I'm no longer constipated :)
,Recommended,414700,31616816,Posted: 7 May,all,Cho Chang,"Religious aspects aside, this was amazing! the graphics were so realistic and I literally felt on edge from the second I got in, I loved the first one and of course I would be playing the second (if I could run it of course) it's really well optimized and I only ran into a few glitches, but what do you expect from a brand new game?Gameplay is a lot like the first, except your battery runs out a lot faster, you have a new microphone aspect where you can listen for enemies and anything else, I didn't really use mine too much because it killed my batteries too quickly, no I am not ♥♥♥♥♥ing, this is just how I played.Only grieveance I really had was the fact that you are chased a bit too much and I really got fed up with the guy in the school and the root guys.I got lost a lot of the times, dying at the stupidest things, like falling to my death after turning off the power to those wires, but it is a Trial and Error game, was really short as well, hoping for a DLC like Whistleblower. *fingers crossed*I loved the scares, honestly, they got me, just when you think it's safe, nope shadow or nope chase scene, I know a lot of people were having problems with the religion aspect and I guess I could see why, but in all honesty why would you play if your overly religious anyways?I think that any horror fan will love this game and should give it a try. ^^"
,Not Recommended,414700,31409508,Posted: 27 April,all,Chi,"Just keep running, running, running......"
,Recommended,414700,31407453,Posted: 27 April,all,SuperToxicBeast,"Hands down best horror game I have ever played.When I finished playing for the first time I was like ""What the heck did I just play?"" because I was so scared playing through the first time I couldn't even handle the amount of crazyiness they throw at you in this game. The different zones that zip in and out through Blakes reality kept me on my toes the whole time and the storytelling is very well done with each note and section you encounter.The soundtrack is beautiful and keeps a very intense atmosphere. Outlast 2 got scarier and scarier the deeper I got into the story. The acting is spot on.The mechanics were upgraded so now you have to lock doors you close, hide in water and manage your oxygen, manage your health, and stamina...Also, the AI is definetely a step up from Outlast 1 because now the AI is faster, relentless, and sometimes unforgiving.Outlast 2 is an experience worth having. Outlast 2 is a step up from Outlast 1"
,Recommended,414700,31362056,Posted: 25 April,all,măăi,"It's not that scary, the first game was. (except the school part, that was 8/10 scary)I look forward to play their next game. :D"
,Recommended,414700,31386089,Posted: 26 April,all,SNIPAH,Cute little game for small children.
,Recommended,414700,31437195,Posted: 29 April,all,Left 4 n3dd,By far the best horror game to ever exist.
76561198017326340,Recommended,414700,31598491,Posted: 7 May,all,Ub3RLo_oTZFtw,"This game is was pretty darn scary. Some moments were adrenaline rushing...but some parts were just flat out TROLL. I think the game was troll before they did an update to the games difficulty...like the distance they could see you was just ridiculous and they would always find you no matter what. I believe I wouldnt have beat it in 7 hours without that difficulty update. They practically dumbed down the AI to the point where you can run through the game without fear of dying or using bandages. Well in my case it did.I encountered a ton of bugs even with the patch update...to the point where I had to ""Save and Exit"" simply just to get unstuck.The ""Peek"" under and over while in ANY body of water is just the worst thing this game has to offer. Just terrible controls while swimming.Game overall was good for the first 60 to 70% then it really died down towards the end due to extreme amount of running scenes. I RATE IT 7/10 GOOD GAME! AMAZING GRAMPHICS. I wouldn't call it a must buy but if you want to enjoy plenty of scares...then definitely buy."
76561198079163498,Not Recommended,414700,31589723,Posted: 6 May,all,Lifebloom,"I have no idea what happened the whole game or the ending. Half the time youre running away from enemies in total darkness or mist so you cant see anything and unless you know exactly where to go, youre going to die. The parts with the school in it are terrifying but then you go back to the other place in the game and it is more frustrating and boring than scary. I think the game couldve gone so far if it was just based in the school. I dont know how any of the story fit together as it felt like two different stories to me so im left not knowing what happened at all. Im really dissapointed, i was looking forward to this game for ages but it just feels like a waste of time."
,Not Recommended,414700,31460399,Posted: 30 April,all,DerkaMYDerka,"Did you guys know that sudden loud noises can invoke a response resulting in a split second jolt? Cause these devs feel that it is their duty to remind you every 3 seconds.Beyond thatWhoevers idea it was to put so many school scenes in this gameFire themWhoevers Idea it was to put a crap 20 minute raft ride in this gameFire themWhoevers idea it was to put so many freaking reptitive chase scenes in this gameFire themWhoever decided that this 6 hour, uninteresting, unorginal and unscary crap is worth 30 USDFire them.To those people (like me) whose interests were peaked by the crazy cult setting, just play Resident Evil 4. The first 10 minutes of RE4 do a better job with the cult setting than this entire game."
,Not Recommended,414700,31441269,Posted: 29 April,all,2+2=4-1=3,"I'm trying to figure out what game everyone giving a positive review played. All horror and Outlast fanboism aside, this was a horrible game and should not go down as one of the greats in the stealth horror genre. The game was graphically pleasing, but the gameplay mechanics (being chased simulator) and the story were sloppy. Every few minutes it was a blind full-speed chase through the dark with trial and error to find the right direction you were supposed to go. After the first two chases, it wasn't scary anymore, and just repetitive and frustrating. On top of that, the story was very weak and confusing. If it weren't for all the forced chase segments, exploring the world the developers created would have been more possible and a deeper level of immersion may have been achieved."
76561198189152849,Recommended,414700,31559470,Posted: 5 May,all,Jorge Palma,"TL;DR: 10/10 would hide in a barrel again.Outlast is an enthralling tale of a man trying to survive manic cultists and his own sanity in order to find his wife. It has a very 'The Hills Have Eyes' kind of vibe to it, especially in some points in the story, which I will refrain from discussing in this review. For brevity, I'll try to keep this succinct.Story: 8/10 great story but I was expecting everything to tie in this neatly woven gasp towards the end, in which things would piece themselves together. Although the story is built through several documents and footage you may or not have collected, it is still self-contained and interesting.Soundtrack: 7/10 Mostly your good ol' high-tempo beats, screechy chords and everything else horrors have you used to, features a couple of nice songs which fit in well and create an atmosphere.Graphics: 7/10 Unfortunately, I had to run this on mid-low settings, due to my laptop's rendering abilities, but the graphics are good, there are some nice atmospheric scenes and even more gory ones. I gave it a 7 because it's nothing out of the ordinary either, seeing it's a recent game as well, but it runs well and most of the time you'll be in a dark cave with no light, anyway.Gameplay: 7/10 I really struggled to give this one a 7, honestly. Some of the downvotes I've seen feature people complaining about the game revolving around a 'trial and error' sort of mechanic. And they're half right. I found myself incredibly frustrated in several situations in which I had little to no time to figure out where to go or what to do, or took a wrong turn and got stabbed in the face. So it does feature that mechanic, but only to a certain extent.I would like for it to offer more ways to escape a certain situation (eg. jump out a window and run instead of hiding in a barrel for 2 minutes, or be able throw a rock to distract them, go through different routes). That said, I did find myself in a couple of situations in which I managed to 'beat the system' and find different ways out of my predicaments, so they are out there.'Horror Factor': 9.5/10 this one is as close to a 10 as it gets. Only reason why I'm not giving it a 10 is because, as a writer myself, some of the jumpscares you kind of see coming. But the ones you don't, F*#$ me, they get you. If you're looking for something to scare the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you, like I was, this is 100% worth a buy. And if you still don't find it scary enough, try to complete the game in Insane without refilling your camera's battery, for an achievement. Trust me, it's both difficult and scary, as you try to navigate some areas with no light whatsoever, relying on your headphones to let you know when someone's right behind you ready to hit you with a pick-axe. Have fun!Overall: 8.5/10 The fact that I was looking for a genuinely scary game really bumped the score up for me. The story being the most important factor for me in a game, was also present, preventing the game from being just scare after scare with no substance whatsoever. And of course, for £20, it's worth the money and worth revisiting, even if it's to scare your friend who thinks he's tough until he's too scared to turn a corner.(Though I haven't played Outlast 1 or RE 7 for comparison, which you should take into consideration)P.S.: This was my first review of a game, so if you find anything missing, or you have some constructive criticism, please do let me know. Thank you for reading this. Here's a virtual cookie. Enjoy. I am Lorde, ya ya ya."
,Recommended,414700,31351541,Posted: 24 April,all,קȽɥɱקÿğ¤åț£ȑž,Already scared at the main menu
76561198069512563,Not Recommended,414700,31541210,Posted: 4 May,all,Kimba,Loved Outlast 1 and simply could not wait for Outlast 2.  Omg Outlast 2 is finally out!  Huh $30.00 seems like a lot but it is Outlast 2 so it will be worth it!Long story short--It was not worth it.The entire game was RUN! DIE!  RUN MORE! DAMMIT DEAD AGAIN! and on and on and on.  Annoying that the only way to progress through the game is to run around like an♥♥♥♥♥so you can find the path that you MUST take.  And the story was crap. Wish I could get my money back...so sad.
76561198170375298,Not Recommended,414700,31890848,Posted: 21 May,all,💕ѕσмвяα💕,PROS:- Soundtrack- School Scenes- Farm Setting- Graphics- You can record scenes and review them further on in the game- Decent plotCONS:- Too many chase scenes (becomes repetitive)- To progress through the game you will die... a lot because the game doesnt really make it clear of where you need to go.- Not a lot of boss characters most of the enemies are farmers there are 3 main boss enemies but thats it- Enemies seem to know were you are even if its impossible for them to have seen you.- Your character cannot ♥♥♥♥ing jump half the time causing you to have to complete a whole section again to most likely fail the jump again- They should reduce the amount of enemies chasing you at once. 1 or 2 is okay not 5 or 6 making it extremely difficult to get past certain sections in the game.- 6/7 hours long probably shorter if you dont die constantly.- The endingOverall rating: 6/10I would recommend Outlast 2 for people who havent played the first one. Purchase it when it goes on sale
,Recommended,414700,31409781,Posted: 27 April,all,ᴇᴅᴅ【ℓ ღℓ i】™,"It can't stop sending chill down my spine, I can't stop shaking, jumping, screaming through the whole game...IT HASN'T FAILED TO MAKE ME♥♥♥♥♥♥IN MY PANTS WHEN PLAYING IT!The only thing to take note here: One Of The Best Horror Games I've Ever Played!Dear horror game fans, you might wanna check this game out! :D"
76561198018633114,Recommended,414700,31373037,Posted: 26 April,all,Diablo92,This is outlast? I just played an hour an a half (first hour atleast) and i'm not impressed. Where did the jump scares vanish to?? Where did all the killers run off to? To be left in outlast 1? Love the graphics and the camera lighting and etc but oh my god. This is absolutely not outlast.If you were satisfied with outlast 1 then don't bother with this one. The healing meakes it more realistic and the noise feature on your camera is nice.I'll give it a 7.5
76561198035804000,Not Recommended,414700,34389593,Posted: 21 August,all,KanmanDS,"I really loved the first Outlast. It was truly terrifying. I enjoyed it very much, and it took me weeks to get through due to chickening out and closing the game night after night.Outlast 2 is nothing like that. I truly do not enjoy playing the game. There is no realistic scenario where a player finds their way through this game without dying over and over. You die a lot, and the bad guys never get out of your way, so trying to sneak by is not an option.The story is nowhere to be seen. You run from the bad guys on scripted rails, hide for 10 seconds, then run from the next bad guy down the next scripted railed route. Very rarely does story advance. It is just running away all the time with near-zero narrative.After 6 hours, about 50 unavoidable deaths, and virtually no narrative to be seen, I have given up. One too many pointless monster fleeing events. Got fed up and closed the game. Simply didn't care. Wasn't invested due to lack of story."
76561197972512982,Not Recommended,414700,35145723,Posted: 22 September,all,Geiger,"Not scary. Relies way too much on religion for horror, but it only makes it weird and awkward to play. Gameplay is confusing and frustrating. Always turns into some sort of trial-and-error chase scene with no direction and tons of dead ends. Play the first one instead."
,Not Recommended,414700,31489493,Posted: 1 May,all,Minchy,Late Night Jogging Simulator 2K17
,Not Recommended,414700,31496183,Posted: 1 May,all,Vegan Police,"Outlast 2 is decent, enjoyable, but not as good as its predecessor.What really sinks the game it's the plot and poorly written script. Holys*** who was the amateur that wrote such crap history? It never explain things properly, never goes beyond some point, that starts becoming banal and boring as hell.On top of that, looks like they tried too much to shock audience that it doesn't had the same impact after the third, forth time.I didn't even read the gospels, unnaturally placed around to give some sense of what is happening.In the end, I had the feeling that anybody could write a better, scary story that made more sense, including myself, my dog, lady gaga and donald trump"
,Recommended,414700,31355323,Posted: 25 April,all,N3G4N,It's ok but this game cost me my ESC button. I want a refund.lol jk
,Recommended,414700,31463072,Posted: 30 April,all,Kancho,"A pile of corpses is a straight sign to knock at nearby houses' doors and ask for help. And guess who is the source of a main character's dramas..., a pregnant girl. How to make problems out of nothing simulator, but quite an interesting simulator."
76561198116389261,Not Recommended,414700,31615017,Posted: 7 May,all,TheDutchMan1443,Not as good as the first one.
,Recommended,414700,32862681,Posted: 27 June,all,RaayJay,As good as the last one!!! LOVE THIS GAME!
,Recommended,414700,31411156,Posted: 28 April,all,Sanguine,"TL;DR - Where to pre-order Outlast 3 !?!?!!***Imagine the first Outlast game but with better everything, minus story progressing***   10/10--o--Let's be honest; No horror game can beat the ''Abandoned Asylum Investigation'' scenario and the first Outlast game executed that scenario in the best way possible. So comparing the first game with Outlast 2 on that parkour is not really fair.There is however the fact that this game is somewhat ''shallow'' compared to the first one in some certain ways:You can and will have to solve your most problems in this game by simply running. This game is less scary compared to first one and ''sneaking'' doesn't really live up to it's name, you will almost always get caught and will have to run for it. Which kind of feels like having some kind of power in your hand against the enemies, hence the lower levels of luridness.Also, I think the developers just picked the wrong story for the sequel. Because ''sneaking thru cursed village in a god-forgotten land'' is never going to be like a ''unknown events happening in an asylum''.  A haunted school or a cursed castle/mansion would have made much more intense stories. Because as clichee as it is, the developers execute these scenarios really good and deep down we all love being in clichee horror scenarios when they are created perfecty.Other than that, this game is definitely worth buying and will no doubt leave it's mark on our hearts. It gets more intense as you play it.I salute Red Barrels for not going the ''cash grab'' way and putting their spirits into their games. I did not regret for a second for buying this game and I would buy next one too."
,Recommended,414700,32624628,Posted: 21 June,all,Skips,I've played Outlast 1 more than enough times. Getting to the point where I'd just speed run it for my own entertainment. Great game all around. Now Outlast 2 is slightly different. I wasn't going into 1 blind. I knew what I'd see and get into... It was still a terrifying experience but I was ready. Outlast 2 I bought the day it came out. Finished downloading at exactly midnight and finished the game 4 hours later. Surrounded in complete darkness and going in blind as blind gets I wasn't sure what to expect. I can say almost every moment was tense. The game as a whole is pretty great in my eyes (visually ♥♥♥♥ing nice too) I liked the atmosphere. It wasn't all supernatural it was diving head first into the mind of someone with a lot of backed up torment. I was sleep deprived and mentally exhausted and that only added to the moments where Blake's mind couldn't seperate what was really happening to what HE was seeing. It's nowhere near perfect but damn it Red Barrel knows how to make a pretty good game.
76561198177931754,Recommended,414700,32728550,Posted: 24 June,all,Mr.Banana15,"100% with the money $30 is reasonable for this game it has great graphics, long story mode, and intense moments everywhere! 10/10 would buy."
76561198358518520,Recommended,414700,32933095,Posted: 28 June,all,Gamer s,good gamenice graphicnice gameplay
76561198128896014,Not Recommended,414700,32339126,Posted: 11 June,all,☠ Toxic Wolf ☠,"(Sorry for grammatical mistakes. *This is just my opinion about the game*)So where to start...This game is not bad, the graphics are good, the characters are decent, but the story is weird and very uninteresting.I really like the two first games in the series, so I was really hyped for Outlast 2, that sadly has been disappointing.There is way too much running! No need for hiding just RUN! This is just so frustrating, and in the end it just makes the game annoying and ""unplayable"". After dying the 10'th time and still confused where to go, it's not fun anymore. The first games were creepy and the chases were cool and nerve-racking, but this game is just annoying, confusing, and is able to make the calmest gamer furious.The storyI won't say too much not to spoil it for others that would play it even after my 'warning'. But I can say you never really will understand the story, the documents are kinda useless and won't explain much of what the heck is going on.Plz, plz read about the ending before you play it, cause you will stand in the end thinking what were the meaning behind all the madness. I'm happy I did so, cause it's a total turn off.ProsWell it's not that bad, there is few things that are really good about the game. Such as: Good voice actors as usual, good graphics, chaos blood and gore. Crazy cult (a little tired of that now) but still, they tried.ConsIt really is that bad. XD Objectives are unclear and chaotic. Annoying dying over and over again, takes away all the spooks. Really not much hiding, u don't need to hide just run. Beside you don't know where the ♥♥♥♥ you are going.I would maybe recommend this game if it wasn't 'Outlast 2' they ruined what I think of the Outlast series. This game is so out of place and should just have it's own title 'Not Outlast 2, the game'. I really wanna enjoy this game but I simply can't."
,Recommended,414700,32934866,Posted: 28 June,all,FlamableZ,"""This game is one of the best horror experiences you could ever get. I could tell you that the $40.00 Is well worth it! So If you're exploring around Steam for a good horror experience, this is the game for you. Don't worry because this is the second game, the story has nothing to do with the first game. The stories/games are not tied so you'll be getting a good scare."""
,Recommended,414700,33019620,Posted: 29 June,all,Garmfel,"I've never played a game that got more ♥♥♥♥ed the further along in the story you progressed.It's like the Red Barrels team said ""Okay, heres the line. Make sure we have a tape measure to see how far over it we can go.""All in all, amazing. Just as good, if not better than the previous Outlast game (but no character will ever beat the twin naked guys from Outlast 1).9/10"
76561198018193218,Recommended,414700,32797283,Posted: 25 June,all,Sticky Honeybuns,"Conclusion: 7/10This is a great game that comes in at an affordable price.  Fans of Outlast 1 or the horror genre in general will love this game as well.  Anyone who gives this a non-recommendation is being far to harsh on the game.  That being said it isn't as good as the first one.Pros:Lots of goreGreat graphicsDisturbing scenespushes the boundary of whats allowed to be in a game without a higher than mature ratingScaryGreat music and atmoshpheric soundsGreat voice actingGood storyCons:Not a direct sequel to the first Outlast which is somewhat confusing given the nameToo much running, seriously you can barely stop to check anything out because you always have to stay movingDifficulty setting seem to only really change the amount of batteries you get, which is a poor way to do difficulty settingsAmazing scenery but the game does not allow you to explore it because you will dieToo linearStory is too hard to follow due to the fact you don't have time to look for the journals because you are afraid you will dieending was kind of blah, I don't need complete closure but some closure would be niceHardly any stealthReview:Outlast II is your typical cult horror game where you are trying to save your wife from this cult all while being chased by crazy people that at times want to kill you and other times want to worship you.  The game plays similar to the first Outlast but seems to take a step backward from the original formula.  The first game had a more stealth like feeling whereas in this one you are constantly running away from some crazy person.  In fact, I started off the game playing stealthy and couldn't get past the first part.  After a dozen or so tries I simply ran by all the crazies and slid into a building which seemed kind of stupid for the type of game it was.This game loosely ties into the first one but it is easy to miss if you don't pay attention or you are forced to run away from some crazies.  The ending of the game is left open to interpretation which works in horror games like this but I do wish for some explanations as to what happened.Anyone who doesn't recommend this game has to be crazy.  It is priced at an extremely good price point and the content is of AAA value.  However, Red Barrels did miss an opportunity here with this game.  A few more months in development and I think they could have had a masterpiece.  As it stands now it is just a good horror game that will please most horror fans.  Outlast I is still better than this game but both are worth buying and playing."
,Recommended,414700,31445818,Posted: 29 April,all,JeRiL,"Well... this game trades the closed interiors of Outlast 1 for open areas.Gameplay-wise, there are changes here and there, but the core gameplay is to hide and run from the enemy. Although this game heavily leans on trial-and-error, which can be annoying when you can't figure out the best path to run away and die many cheap deaths. Also, the game does not tell or indicate what you must do to progress certain areas.The camera gets an upgrade in the form of a stereo Mic that can roughly show enemy location. Also, certain scenes and events can be recorded as a note, which you can later play back in the camera for tidbits of info.Stealth-wise, there are multiple enemies in an area now. AI is slightly overpowered as in they know where you hide, 9 times out of 10. Certain stealth sections also force you to improvise rather than plan ahead.Doors can now bolted shut. But in my experience, this just tells the AI to come and bash it down.Cheap jump scares have been reduced in number. But there are a few legitimately startling ones.To sum it up... Red Barrels tried something different with the setting. But really, certain designs bar it from exceeding Outlast 1. The game is worth atleast one playthrough."
,Recommended,414700,32354851,Posted: 11 June,all,GrizzlyHD,"BE WARNED-- There are some (very few) scenes of sexual assault and one of attempted sexual acts i won't ruin story, but just want to let everyone know in case anyone is sensitive on those thingsAfter playing the first game i must say i prefered the first to this one for many reasons, --HIDING-- If you get caught or seen you have to run like a ♥♥♥♥♥ or you die; hiding i found was not as efficent than just out running them and then sitting out of sight around a corner or object. The --ATOMSPHERE-- was terrific starting up the game i feel normal; but the moment i am in it with the headset on you feel like you are there the sounds visuals all fit really well together. --GRAPHICS-- Like i just stated they are brilliant i am sitting on 60 Fps maxed the game runs smooth as silk, Incase you are wondering i am running an I7 6700K and a GTX 1080 both stock no overclock, but you should be more than okay with 970 and above for maxed.I want to finish the review with an overview, i would say even though the first i believe was much much better than the second i think this is still a brilliant game to buy but maybe not at full price try to grab it on sale.P.S Be warned Marta the axe weilder needs therapy"
,Recommended,414700,31493037,Posted: 1 May,all,Adamikemo™,"Never play this at night, a rainy day, a cloudy day or with curtain closedNever play this alone,if you are planning to do so, check the house and make sure there's no one!so when something or someone touches you, you'll know you need to run the duck out of it!Never play this when you have a pet that could potentially jump on you(this one almost killled me)Never play this when you are stoned , tried this, but i might have gotten myself too stoned that i fell asleep while playing this game, i guess it's still a no right?Never play this when you are drunk (no, i'm just worried you gonna puke on your keyboard)Never play this with a headphone on, be aware your surroundings, or if you have to,Never play this with a cord one, you gonna whelther break the cord or hurt you neck.Never play this before, after and while eatingNever play this if you have to go to tolietNever play this more than 1 hour (in human time not some crazy gamer time!)Never play this before bedNever play this on a laptop in bedNever play this 48 hours prior to sex (Viagra won't help!)Never play this while camping in the woodsNever play this at a friend's house if you have to leave at nightNever play this when your friend told you he's just gonna stand there and watch. hmm no.Never play this if you have kids,but if you are sick of all kids sleepovers, show them this they will never come to your house agian!Never play this on a big screen, tried to play this with a projector once, guys you have to try it.Never play this if you have any mental illness, or even you think you might not have.Never play this under any illnessNever play this under medical conditionNever play this under pregnancy or planning toNever play this if you have been holding any♥♥♥♥♥♥br>Never play this game if you are under 25Never play this when your imaginary friend or friends are with you.Never play this game!Never play thisNeverNeverNeverEver................................................................WARNING!...........................................................Gamer's who fail to follow these instructions might lead to seriously death or pants shitiing.But aside from that, great game 10/10, thanks for all the comments and likes guys"
76561198308666836,Recommended,414700,32760610,Posted: 25 June,all,BOB_THE_BUILDER,The MAKE YOUR DAUGHTER PLAY THIS AND MAKE HER STAY WITH YOU TILL SHES MARRIED starter pack
,Recommended,414700,32788872,Posted: 25 June,all,SyZyG,"Decent gameplay, but repetitive gameplay in terms of hiding and running squares to avoid enemies. Not as good as the first one."
,Recommended,414700,33059552,Posted: 30 June,all,SaggyFlapJax,"played for about 20 minutes, saw a guy back up slowly into the woods, quit. had a friend play for about 20 minutes, saw the same guy, he quit. 10 nopes out of 10."
,Recommended,414700,31477454,Posted: 30 April,all,Ninvi,A great game for children to learn about christian values!
76561198040715040,Recommended,414700,32455720,Posted: 15 June,all,minimek,"This game is great. Some people dont understand the ending and dislike it, but if you explore and take time to look into the game instead of rushing to get away from the enemies you will understand the ending, and its good. Hopefully, they make some dlcs to further explain the story, to expand on my conclusion."
,Recommended,414700,31363002,Posted: 25 April,all,AntAskew,"Here's my part 1 of the game, no real spoilers but will give you a good idea of my initial thoughts :Dhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G245wHGS8hA"
,Not Recommended,414700,31351301,Posted: 24 April,all,Flortan,Pros: Glossy JesusCons: Bad gameplay
76561198008058158,Recommended,414700,33160017,Posted: 2 July,all,SryUrNotAWinner,"I loved the flashbacks and his backstory, easily the most dramatic part of the game."
,Not Recommended,414700,31437842,Posted: 29 April,all,Hawk,8 Hours of running away from naked men and women....Save your money...Wait until its 90% off.Farming simulator is more exciting #RunningSimulator
76561197982441850,Recommended,414700,33346278,Posted: 7 July,all,prelude2disaster,"I held off buying this because of all the negative reviews it had received. There's lots of talk about ""It's just a chase simulator"" or ""It's just trial and error"" and even playing the demo months ago... I felt underwhelmed and worried about making the buy. After I bought it though, I don't see why I was so anxious.I loved the original Outlast and its DLC was phenomenal. The pacing of the game was pristine, environments were claustrophobic and to some extent, it was a breath of fresh air into the Horror genre which, at that point, was lacking in tense, slow-burners and opted more for “gore = scary, right?”Outlast 2, well, in a sentence I guess you could say: it throws all of that out the window. The environment is no longer a single building, it’s an entire town. You’re no longer skulking around avoiding one single enemy at a time, but a horde of cultists that roam in packs. In essence: Outlast 2 has ramped up the stakes. Though to me, it hasn’t lost that which made Outlast... Outlast. Sneaking my way through cornfields, dropping to the floor when the light from a torch flashes past me, is equally tense as when I was tip-toeing my way around Chris. When seen however, get ready to run. There were a couple of places that were perhaps unclear with their objective routes but most of it made sense given the nature of locations.One of my biggest questions for Outlast was “Why not just leave? Jump out a window, anything!” And for that, Outlast 2 provides an immediate reason to stay... your wife is here and early on, another reason to stay and make a joint escape is presented.My main concern is that the characters haven’t yet given me a reason to be invested in them. In Outlast, each antagonist had their own personality, traits and mechanics. So far, every antagonist in Outlast 2 can be summarised as “Believes in religion”.**I GUESS THIS BIT COULD BE CONSIDERED CHARACTER SPOILERS**Having now completed the game... Yeah ""Believes in religion and is a ra.pi.st"" pretty much sumarises every enemy except Marta and Laird/Nick who don't appear to be ra.pe-y.The story isveryopen to interpretation and requires a fair amount of work by you collecting documents / recordings to make any real sense but, given you're thrown into an unknown situation, I actually liked that aspect of it. There isn't a ""Mr. Exposition"" waiting on the end of a radio to tell you everything about everything so expect to be as confused as Blake is to start with.All in all, while not having quite the same impact as the original (seriously, if you haven't already, go get that and especially Whistleblower DLC) Outlast 2 got the hairs on the back of my neck stood on end at some points. It's definitely worth picking up and I hope DLC of a similar calibre to Whistleblower makes its way to us."
,Recommended,414700,33335897,Posted: 7 July,all,Gen&Jukes,One of the years best games.  The most horror of any horror game I've ever played as well.  It really touches all those things you think about when it comes to horrific♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,414700,31424754,Posted: 28 April,all,Vortex,Another good Outlast GameGood Job Red Barrles!
76561198146173905,Recommended,414700,31362188,Posted: 25 April,all,JRohl44,Basically it's the first Outlast but every aspect is refined and polished. better graphics and voice acting. Very good spook factor for the price!
,Recommended,414700,31377776,Posted: 26 April,all,icey rayne,"The perfect family game packed with hours of entertainment. Guaranteed to ensure your child will succeed in school, enjoy the study of religion, and become an expert in photography.10/10"
,Recommended,414700,31367854,Posted: 25 April,all,Dogezombie51,The game is great better graphics better everything and its even more scary 10/10 game.
76561198046057436,Recommended,414700,31366798,Posted: 25 April,all,StinG(SexualPredators),Well.. I have to say this. Well done Red Barrels ! You just made the most scary game ever ! I almost sh*t my pants when the firs lady attacked me. Its trully amazing and scary at same time.Thank you for best horror game !
76561197972269582,Recommended,414700,31382238,Posted: 26 April,all,GalactiKat,"Beautifully grotestque graphics, great sound design and a fairly unflinching story. This is still an Outlast game meaning there's no combat it's run, hide, or get murdered. If you didn't like that about the original this may not change your outlook on the series, but if you liked the first one check Outlast 2 out. Not sure still? Here's part 1 of my playthrough, check out the game and see what you think.https://youtu.be/GuZO3TEtXcE"
,Recommended,414700,31364833,Posted: 25 April,all,[GOH] Mmorp,The graphics are great! the story is awesome! i love the game so much!the game is so amazing you will litterly♥♥♥♥♥♥your pants!this game is the scariest♥♥♥♥♥♥u can imagine!if u like horror you should buy this game!
,Recommended,414700,31384474,Posted: 26 April,all,Timepool,"Outlast 2 took a while to really get going, there's defintiely some cool stuff in there but it really didn't have the same impact or horror factor as the original game. It didn't start off too terribly strong, but it got better as I went along, I was hooked a few hours in. The biggest OH GOD NO moment was censored worldwide thanks to Australia-- which is a little disappointing. That isn't to say there aren't any moments that make your skin crawl backwards, there are just fewer. The main baddies really aren't as interesting as the first, and the one you encounter the most becomes annoying and tedious to deal with rather than dreadful like Chris Walker was. It's still a good game however, a big improvment it makes is not have keycards every other level-- everything flows much nicer without that, and while they do have similar ""go the other way to get the doodad and come back"" segments they can be really short, and open your path in much more organic and unique ways besides opening a door. It looks fantastic just like the first, eerily beautiful in quite a few points. Story is a bit more in-your-face, but I still enjoyed it. The voice acting is fantastic, and the music really helps build the atmosphere. I'd say it's a pretty good game, great even if you look at it as a standalone title rather than trying to compare it to the last game."
,Recommended,414700,31365563,Posted: 25 April,all,Admiral Moba,"No matter on wich difficulty you play, It's still ultra hard to survive a heart attack."
,Recommended,414700,31393155,Posted: 27 April,all,Sniff Lines Bang Nines,This is gospel10/10 would get nailed to a cross again
,Recommended,414700,31415148,Posted: 28 April,all,ViperGPC,"Great voice acting and visuals, good improvement from the first game in that aspect. Story line was a bit confusing and was not easily understood which is a downside. For $30 I still recomend playing this game."
76561198229051448,Recommended,414700,31412692,Posted: 28 April,all,Eduardito,i poop :0
,Recommended,414700,31411653,Posted: 28 April,all,RIMPATIRALLAA,"Just Finished the game.. didn't really expect it the way it ended left me with that feeling I always end up when finishing these games with a sense of what ..""really happend"" .. ""how it could of been"".. and this eerie feeling after I finished the game left in me for the day,don't really get the criticism this game receives,I tought it was a great story really got the feels in the middle of the game but only at end you can really understand what happens,really nice soundtracks and sound effects .. playing this with headset will leave these sounds and music in your head for a while and will haunt you for a while.Great game,really recommend it if you're really into horror."
76561198162921777,Recommended,414700,31412453,Posted: 28 April,all,BigPanda,This game is really amazing. Just going back to Outlast 1 you can really see how much it changed.
76561198263651101,Recommended,414700,31401061,Posted: 27 April,all,Bloodykiller,"This game is definitely incredible.I""am so scarry....."
76561198121206088,Recommended,414700,31401607,Posted: 27 April,all,Black_Fang,"Story:The first outlast didn't exactly have a meaningful story for the most part. It was there just for the sake of it. Outlast 2 however, does and that too a really deep (and f***ed up at times) ones. It primarily focuses on the protagonist's (Blake Langermann) efforts to rescue his wife from the heretics who think that her womb harbors the ""anti-Christ"" , and that Blake is a prophet of some sort. At the same time, Blake starts to have hallucinations during which his traumatic childhood catches up to him. The ending is really emotional and kinda cryptic, not something I expected at all (And no, it is nothing like the first game).Gameplay:The gameplay is roughly similar to the first game. Record, collect batteries, hide, run, scream, repeat. Run out of batteries, the night vision won't work and you are screwed. The enemies are a bit varied compared to the first game though. Like every other horror-based game, this one too has a few  signature antagonists, specially made to give you the willies. For me this special someone was Marta, who's basically a granny who carries a pick-axe instead of a cane, oh and heads up if you're hurt don't go to her asking for candy, just a suggestion, feel free to do otherwise. But seriously, even her ""theme"" music sends a chill down my spine...One major improvement over the first game is the better quest design. Its not just looking for stuff like keys and fuses over and over again. You will be making your way through mazes, crossing a river in a raft, navigate through partially submerged mines home to violent cultists and run from a multi-handed abomination in a catholic school...Graphics And PerformanceOutlast 2 is built on the Unreal engine, so it runs extremely well. Even if you have a potato rig or one of the newer on-board Intel HD graphics, it should at least run at 30 fps at lower resolutions. I played at 4K at max setting on a 980Ti and the framerate was consistent, netting 50+ fps at almost all times. SLI can be enforced via nvidia inspector, but the water textures produce artifacts and proximity to a river brings down the fps significantly.VerdictA solid addition to the genre, focusing more on psychological horror and gore, with a few jump-scares enough to make a grown man scream.ProsDecent Story.Deep Ending.Psychological Horror.Effective Jump-Scares.Terrifying Main Antagonists.Music and Sounds complement the tone really well.ConsMundane regular Enemies.Unnecessary, extended, scripted cat-n-mouse sequences.Overall=8.5For a more detailed review:https://www.techquila.co.in/single-post/2017/04/28/Outlast-2-Review"
76561197978034385,Recommended,414700,31402861,Posted: 27 April,all,Saikyo-Kick,"I just finished Outlast 2 and welp...It's going to take a while to get this one out of my head.This is without a doubt the most terrifyingly disturbing game I have ever played. I am a huge fan of Outlast and was absolutely stoked to play this one. Outlast 2 contains all of what made the original game fantasticly terrifying and adds another layer on top that without a doubt pushes it over the edge. Whereas the first Outlast was claustrophobic and paralysingly scary, the sequel instills a much more uneasy and disturbing feeling to go along with said terror. You never really know what's real or in your mind and never feel safe...EVER in this game. Having said that, here's what I liked and what I didn't like about this game.PROS:The game is downright scary as hell and exciting to play. There's nothing more thrilling than running away from something and hiding while they search nearby for you and wondering if they'll find you. The game has a much more open vast feel than the original, even if you are forced on a linear path. This gives the game a much more grand presentation with the sprawling mountains, woods, caves, towns etc. The visuals are quite good and a nice improvement over the original pretty much everywhere. The sound though is where this game is absolutely killer though. The first game would get your heart pounding with suspense and fear and Outlast 2 amps it up even more. Just simply stellar sound design and composition. The gameplay is more of the same but they've added a few new mechanics to make the game feel a bit fresh for fans of the series. The voice acting is really well done once again and the charcter models all look very creative and nicely done for the most part. The length of the game seemed just right to me clocking in at a solid 12 hours.The story was very interesting and thought provoking. I'm still processing it all so I don't really have much to say about it at this point but as I said, I'll be thinking about the overall story and ending for a while.CONS:The main antagonist characters while scary overall are not quite as memorable as the last game. I guess Gluskin, Chris Walker, Trager and the cannibal had me a bit spoiled. I played the game on ""hard"" difficulty and found some of the stealthy parts punishingly difficult. I enjoyed the challenge mostly but there were several times where I swore out loud after failing for the 25th straight time. Fortunately the auto saves are smartly placed so you won't have to play through any section more than once. I found battery and bandage placement a bit too stingy. I found myself running out of batteries a few times which is awful because night vision is a necessity for 75% of the game since many areas are pitch black. I guess this adds to the stress the creators are trying to create. I also found some areas just a bit poorly designed and find it hard to believe that playtesters didn't influence a change but it could just be that I wasn't observent enough in some areas.Overall I found this to be a very worthy successor to the original in almost every way. And while not perfect I can wholeheartedly reccomend this game to anyone who is a fan of survival horror.8.5/10"
,Not Recommended,414700,31539030,Posted: 4 May,all,Kneel,"The game is not that bad. But honestly, I do not understand all the hype people have for this game. Here are a couple of points I would like to stress out.Reasons why this game is good:1. Yes, it is scary with the first person POV, the camera and the consistently dark atmosphere. Makes you run to the toilet when you want to pee late at night.2. In with the hype!Reasons why I will not be recommending this game:1. The mechanics are not that spectacular. You just need to proceed to a certain checkpoint, then to the next, and then the next, until you finish the game. And the ways you can pass those checkpoints are limited.2. It annoys me that sometimes you need to play a certain part so many times because you haven't figured out the way they want you to exactly play it. Versatility on the part of the player is very restricted.3. In connection with #1, the plot is linear! There is only one outcome and I think that it is not that good to be the only option left for the players to have.4. Limited opportunities for players to personalize their characters. May it be in terms of items (only two items available: bandage and batteries), or an opportunity to have skill sets (like camera battery span and movement speed skills and stuff).Yeah, yeah you might say that if I want those kind of things, I can play other games. But if I want the kind of things Outlast 2 have, I might as well just play Outlast 1. My point is, there is not so much difference.5. And I forgot. The storyline is . . .meh."
,Recommended,414700,31590664,Posted: 6 May,all,SweatyPancakes,"Outlast 2... I personally found it great from beginning to end. The atmosphere really sets a tense scene, and the school parts are just as terrifying. My first run was on Nightmare mode and it was tough you couldn't even step on a stick incorrectly and get backstabbed by some insane dude. This just added more to the whole intensity of the game, I am a massive fan of the first game and been waiting on this for a long time and it did not disappoint in my opinion. I recommend it for anyone to play that enjoys horror games."
76561197986774754,Recommended,414700,31385877,Posted: 26 April,all,Fenris,"I'm on the fence on that one. Outlast 2 is by no mean a bad game. But the original Outlast set the bar pretty high for that one and I can't help but feel that this second opus fail to deliver.Someone commented that if you dislike the game first hour you should get a refund. I do agree. Because unfortunately, if there is a word to describe this game perfectly it's REPETITIVE. You go through three type of sequence, over and over and over and over.If you like these sequences though I would recommend the game as the whole scenery and feeling of it is quite majestic in his own horrifying ways.I'm only sadden that the story feel a little flat. I won't elaborate on details of why as it would be one big and heavy spoiler, but I would simply say that this is nothing new or mind blowing and the end make you feel like you didn't really accomplished or fulfilled anything in the end.So my final verdict. Considering the ridiculously low price vs the quality of the I would say buy it. But if the first hour annoy you, get a refund, it doesn't get any better.Also keep in mind it is very most likely that there will be a DLC for this game to complete the plothole of the story."
,Recommended,414700,31385935,Posted: 26 April,all,PhunkmasterP,"Pros:- the story is much more interesting than the first one.  It can be pretty confusing at some points, but if you read the optional notes and watch the video recording segments that you can find throughout the game, it really clears up and helps to explain what is going on.- throughout the game, Blake has these 'flashback' segments to his childhood.  They are perfectly placed in the main story, and hooked me early on, pushing me to keep playing.  These segments really help us discover the main characters backstory, and it sheds some light on how he behaves/reacts to things in the main game.- the aesthetic in here is perfect.  I really enjoyed this setting much more than the first Outlast.  I was skeptical at first, because one of the strong points of the first one is the tense, claustrophobic setting, and Outlast 2 has a lot of open space (its outside a lot).  This was never an issue and never impacted the tension of the game. I know that the whole 'crazy, religious cult' thing is huge in horror games, but here it was pulled off incredibly well.  I think the setting is my favorite part of Outlast 2.- visuals are perfect and it runs great.- the ending was intense and pretty brutal (like I said, its more impactful if you read the optional material.)Cons:- like everyone else, the worst part of this game is the chase sequences.  They were pretty intense at first, but they soon became routine.  The biggest problem here is there is usually no clear path for you to escape from your pursuer.  During each chase sequence, the game obviously wants you to reach a certain point, even if there is no clear indication of where that point is.  I found myself multiple times almost putting the game down because of how frustrating this trial/error can be.Overall, Outlast 2 is a perfect successor to Outlast, and a damn fine horror game.9/10"
76561198314264744,Recommended,414700,31591610,Posted: 6 May,all,dedennedude,IT IS BLOODY TERRIFYING!!!
,Recommended,414700,31590921,Posted: 6 May,all,Suicideassassin6,"Lot's of intense chase sequences, a lot less hiding than the first game. This makes it so the gameplay is really just trial and error. The 'horror' elements mostly come from the threat of a monster which may start following you at any moment, or the gruesome details of torture and gore that are displayed. Overal, a good horror game, but don't expect just more Outlast 1, because it's quite different in execution."
76561198242366280,Recommended,414700,31591528,Posted: 6 May,all,Sain-Pai,"The game has a more rich, connective, and overall better story & world than outlast 2. Of course, this one wasn't as heart panicking as outlast 1 but it has much more details that surpass that fault. The game's story has left countless of people intrigued even more and more and more theories are appearing which i love. Unlike outlast 1, outlast 2 leaves it's players on the 'edge of their seats' and is just overall fun to play, ranging from the building of suspense to the chases and obstacles you face. Overall the game is worth the buy, and the DLC will be as well."
,Recommended,414700,31408087,Posted: 27 April,all,Armchair_Warrior,"This game is worth dropping $30. The graphics were crisp and clean, the plotline was absolutely terrifying, and the new game mechanics add more immersion into this horrific cinematic thriller! The sound design was sorta lazy, but it gave additional room for the new camera mic to be of good use. Toggling on a camera mic could never be more terrifying.10/10 would buy for a christian friend"
,Recommended,414700,31534667,Posted: 3 May,all,Cryptogram,"THIS GAME IS MINDE  BLOWING : if you like games that has jump scares, blood and gore, demons then this is the game for you my friend....what are you waiting for click the add to cart icon ."
,Recommended,414700,31533060,Posted: 3 May,all,BinaryGhost,"***Contains mild spoilers***I think they did a very good job expanding on the formula of the original game:- We have a new setting that is even more stylistically impressive than the original game.- They really perfected their use of lighting. The game has multiple shades of ambience that the game goes through seamlessly, each of which could easily carry a survival horror game on its own.- Even though a lot of the game happens in outdoor areas, the game feels just as claustrophobic as the assylum corridors of the original, thanks to the very dense atmosphere that surrounds you from all directions and makes you feel like you're in an endless nightmare that you can't seem to ever get out of.- They invented new ways to make you feel vulnerable. The original game was really notable in that regard. You could never tell which NPC was hostile and which was neutral. The game was filled with anxiety inducing sounds that screamed danger from every corner. As a result, you just never felt safe. Well, at least in the original outlast you had a lot of corridors to hide in. The open spaces of Outlast 2 make you feel very vulnerable, because you are much more exposed and it's harder to hide. Not to mention that some NPCs have freaking flashlights. You also have a very limited visibility, so you're often not entirely sure of your surrounding.Now for some of the more controversial aspects of the game:The story is presented in a pretty disjointed way. You're going to struggle to make sense of some of it. I didn't necessarily hated it, in a way the confusion added to the nightmarish feeling of the game, and I liked that there was more depth beneath the surface of what I was able to piece together, but it's too easy to miss important clues. Outlast 2 basically has a fairly fleshed out story and it makes it hard for you to see it because some important pieces are hard to discover. This poses a bit of a problem in the beginning of the game, because it takes a while for things to start coming together, and there's this period in the middle of the first half where I found myself thinking ""ok, I'm making my way through this hellish religious town, and.... is there gonna be a back story to it?""The story alternates between the hellish town and strange flashbacks of a school. Some people did not like the school segments, but I actually think that the game would've been worse without them. They add variety that breaks the monotonity of the main setting and also do a good job of giving you a breather from its very dense atmosphere. They gradually develop their own creepiness over time, so that's pretty cool too. The variety in setting doesn't end here either. I won't give it all away, but let's just say that you will not be on the outside forever.The game also has more chase sequences, which again some people complain about, but I think that there's plenty of stealth sections, so to me this was again welcomed variety. It's clear that many people didn't know how to handle them though. I've seen some people complaining that there's a lot of trial and error in this game, and I think the chase sequences were the reason why, because the stealth sections are certainly not trial and error, but the chase sequences will often get you to run in corridors that you never saw before, and it really does take one wrong turn to screw yourself over. However, I think the developers did a good job of giving you clues that you can quickly pick on, and I liked the intense feeling of having to make split second decisions about which direction leads to safety. Basically, as long as you understand to go towards the light whenever possible, you'll be fine. I was able to do about 80% of them right on the first try. One thing they do overuse is the gimmic of ""make the enemy chase you so that you could run around them and into the corridor they were blocking"".Some people complained that the NPCs seem to be able to find you too well (to the point of it being unfair). I think they are missing the point that Outlast 2 takes a more realistic approach to stealth, instead of the gamey stealth mechanics other survival horror games implement. For example, you can't just camp in a dark shadow and expect to be hidden. Except for extreme cases of darkness, shadows only make it difficult for enemies to see you, but not impossible. You can use them to move stealthily, but you can't stay in them and expect to be invisible. I think that's realistic. The game also has a more demanding criteria for what hides you. Many stealth games seem to want you to be able to survey the enemy from your hiding spot, so they let you get away with hiding behidn things that never would've hidden you in real life, like a bench or a pole. In Outlast 2, if you can see the enemy without peeking, they can see you too. Only large distance and lots of darkness can overcome this limitation. I think this adds to the suspense and realism.In conclusion, the game does some nice steps forward, and a few steps backwards too, but overall it's still a fantastic game. At first I thought I was gonna have to give it a 9/10 (whereas the first game was a 10/10 for me), but having finished it, I think I can justify giving it a 10/10, even with the flaws."
,Recommended,414700,31533776,Posted: 3 May,all,OpenAI (passive),2spooky4me
76561198235909438,Recommended,414700,31532285,Posted: 3 May,all,dashti9898,"really good game,Quality and Performance <3"
,Recommended,414700,31554668,Posted: 5 May,all,SupermanGS4,"Both Outlast and Outlast 2 were well made games.  Playing through them left me in panic, awe, wonder, fear, anticipation, and curiosity.  The intersecting plot is very interesting and is told through clues and hints left around for you to find so that you pick up on bits at a time of what is really going on.  Outlast 2 brings up some wicked ideas so you should avoid this game if you can't handle intense violence and freakish moral compasses.  Play through them in order if you enjoy horror games but do yourself a favor and also look up any extra content you missed on YouTube so you can piece together the whole story.  I don't think Outlast 2 deserves most of the hate it has gotten and I am glad that the rating is positive overall."
,Recommended,414700,31537496,Posted: 4 May,all,dewie! [wi],I love this game. The gameplay is solid and paced well. The story has multiple layers and won't be spelled out in black and white.
,Recommended,414700,31546031,Posted: 4 May,all,viskup,run forest run
,Recommended,414700,31519598,Posted: 3 May,all,Bigby Wolf,Just Outlast being Outlast.
,Recommended,414700,31446778,Posted: 29 April,all,Wiznik,"PROS:- The graphics are simply breathtaking. The characters/people don't look very great, but honestly, the scenes look really amazing. I was shocked at how good it looked. And with load times that fast, I really can't complain much.- The story was engaging, I was interested to know the details of what happened even though you definitely understand the gist of things from the getgo.- The gameplay was pretty challenging if you don't play on normal. I had a hell of a time getting through the game without dying 2-3 times per part. I played on Hard for my first runthrough, I would recommend doing the same because I read on other reviews it was too easy.- Most parts were pretty fun, and there were only a few parts near the end that got tedious and annoying.- It was about 8 hours of gameplay on hard mode for me, which doesn't seem like a lot. But I felt pretty happy with the length.CONS:- The story was pretty predictable.- The boat part is terrible, absolutely mind numbingly bad. I don't know why the devs decided to make that part so long, but it was waaaay too long.- I don't know if I just didn't collect enough story bits to understand, but the ending didn't make a whole lot of sense. I think I will have to get the recordings/notes and that might explain it. I'm not too upset about that, I prefer that to Outlast's terrible ending in the first game.- They got weird things about Christianity wrong that bothered me. I'm an Atheist, but the fact that they had a million Mary statues, a confessional, a bunch of Catholic nuances, then the pastor/father/priest villain says something like, ""We shouldn't be like Jesus, we should be like God!"", really bothers me. I'm pretty sure you have to believe in the holy trinity to be a Christian in the first place. I guess you could play that off as just dumb hicks making up ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, but you can't connect it so closely with catholocism and then tell me a bunch of, probably, Christian hillbillies come join your cult while you profess that Jesus and God aren't the same. Lol. It bugged me.- The other thing that bugged me is the entire game uses women's suffering as a reason to feel bad for men. I think it was kind of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. I understand that was mostly the theme of the story, but it was really annoying when a husband would say, ""Oh my wife got brutally♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and tortured... isn't it sad I'm not the baby's father?"" or, ""I let a girl get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ feel bad for me for how bad I feel."" I wouldn't have at all cared if it was just one or two things, but the whole game is about how you should feel bad for men when women get hurt. It was really weird. I don't know if that's purposeful, I know he mentions it early on in the game, actually saying, ""They torture the women to hurt the men."" It was prevalent enough that it was starting to get on my nerves.- Swamp ♥♥♥♥♥ lady doesn't have time to bathe, but can shave her pubes? Okay.- You're telling me this incompetent camera guy can't fend off a single plagued Cannibal Holocaust guy who probably weighs 60 pounds? Okay.Overall, most my criticism were in little details about plot/character issues. I think this game was worth playing for the graphical accomplishments alone. Those textures were amazing. And it was good at making me clench my ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ as Cannibal Holocaust went sprinting at me with axes. It was a lot more running than the first game, which I didn't mind. Overall, I'd give it a 7/10"
,Recommended,414700,31542180,Posted: 4 May,all,Fatal0311,"Outlast 2 inna nutshell: ""Ah!"" run run run ""Ah!"" run run run ""Lost 'em."" Finds weird sh%t to read ""I have to find Lynn. She's all that matters."" run run run ""Ah!"" run run run.﻿"
,Recommended,414700,32022555,Posted: 28 May,all,ErrorUnknownGT,"Another great horror game. I was a bit iffy about the voiced protaganist at the beggining, but, it didn't really bother me that much, and doesn't take away from the experience, as he doesn't talk that much, and only during certain events. As for the theme, a great choice, and quite ♥♥♥♥in' insane. I personally, didn't care for the characters all that much, due to the short amount of time you get to know them, but doesn't really matter all that much as the game has allot to offer apart from the characters. There's allot of phsycopaths that you'll encounter while playing, a few are kinda generic, but there are quite a few unique ones, which is awesome. If you get scared easily, and cannot handle trying to do things while being chased, then you will not have a fun time playing this game, I would applaud you if you could beat the game whilst being that scared. I didn't get scared all that much as I don't get scared easily, but I did have a few jumps here and there and it was quite nice. This game is approximately 6 and a half hours long, depending on your playstyle and how you play games. Now, as for bugs, I only encountered a fewminor ones, one being an exploit where I could crawl under a water wheel and be invunerable, and one where the phsycopath got stuck on an object, but that's it. As for issues, just minor clipping issues here and there, and the lip sync was off in some scenes, but that's because I wasn't pulling a consistent 60 fps. I also got a random crash after the church scene played where the 2 people get sacrificed, and had to re watch it, but that's it. The game is very well optimized for low end systems, so I reckon a fairly weak computer could run this well at the lowest settings. There is allot more I could talk about but, why not just play the game for yourself and find out how you like it? As for comparison to the first game, I'd say they're both equally good, I can't really say which game is better honestly. Great game, recommended."
76561197986349691,Recommended,414700,31626944,Posted: 8 May,all,teppley,Stumble upon a remote community of friendly christians.
,Recommended,414700,31628829,Posted: 8 May,all,٠●Kápo Jeff●٠,"For me, this game is pretty awesome. Amazing graphics, nice deaths ^^, big space and a lot of spots where to hide, but my minus is gameplay - all u need to do for like 4/5 of the game is find your wife (Lynn). Another fact i like, is - This game is connected with Outlast 1 (Company). It's about people psychic again :-)"
,Recommended,414700,31915605,Posted: 23 May,all,Dawks,FineNow i hear voices in my house
,Recommended,414700,31908885,Posted: 22 May,all,Fant1ckx,A quick guide on how to become an atheist
76561198360975213,Recommended,414700,32095269,Posted: 31 May,all,Kush Coma,Wish it was longer...
,Recommended,414700,31417266,Posted: 28 April,all,Mechan1c Plumber,Наглядное пособие о том - как стать атеистом.
,Recommended,414700,32350726,Posted: 11 June,all,ScarletKlaudia,"This game broke my heart. It's not only the story, it's the very experience of human most hateful and beautifulest sides. The gameplay is not different from the first one, it doesn't let you breathe, it rapes you all the time. And still you have plenty of time for catching the essence of true horror, its magnificence, its madness. I really hope Red Barrels will make a DLC bonus chapter. Praise for them."
,Recommended,414700,31357055,Posted: 25 April,all,KillerJack,"I die more than 5 times in the first chapter, but its worth it. Keep it up ! ! !"
,Recommended,414700,31370662,Posted: 25 April,all,-Moonrise,"Outlast is better the second time around by far.The core hiding and recording mechanics have been massively overhauled for the better.The addition of the microphone allows you to track enemies from distance or through walls, it fits really well in the game.Plot is remarkable and unexpecting, you can't find a story like this in any other modern game.A riveting soundtrack and audio atmosphere that truly gets to your head, using a quality headset is a MUST.Huge variety of enemies backed by finely tuned AI, they're much smarter compared to the first games braindead AI.Optimized very well, modern computers can easily run this game.This is one of those games that you just have to experience for yourself for it to really leave an impact, save up and don't watch any youtube playthroughs. It's worth it."
76561197992500238,Recommended,414700,31576516,Posted: 6 May,all,White Chocolate,"Overall I thought the game was good and worth the buy.  There are list of pros and cons I want to give:Pros:- Well modeled environment and characters- A different tone of fear compared to outlast 1- Setting is unique and definitely builds up the tensionCons:- The ending was a bit too abstract, I'm hoping a DLC will come to give more conclusion to the story.  Also the story didn't build well, there were still quite a few unanswered questions.- Not enough background was given for each character- Villains weren't really iconically horrifying, and when I say iconically I mean the villains just weren't interesting in comparison to Eddie Gluskin or Chris Walker; those characters fasinated me and were absolutely horrifying.In conclusion, the game was good overall, I thought it was worth the full price.  It was definitely a new experience for me when it comes to the horror genre, and I'm hoping Red Barrel will continue to build onto it."
,Recommended,414700,31623031,Posted: 8 May,all,orzo.,"Overall very good game, graphics are great and storyline is good. Not as scary as i would've hoped though, the jumpscares are so predictable."
76561198346859848,Recommended,414700,31395772,Posted: 27 April,all,Axuan717,Outlast 2 An actual good horror game. >.<
76561197968312090,Recommended,414700,31531315,Posted: 3 May,all,Vince,"Can a game be too scary? It's what I'm wondering after I quit the game during my first try, because I was simply horribly uncomfortable and scared as hell. Note this: this is coming from a gamer who thought RE7 was a freaking laugh."
,Recommended,414700,31605324,Posted: 7 May,all,R4ZiE,"It is an amazing game with great graphics it also keeps the feeling of survival horror throughout the whole game. I definitely recommend this game, but it will cause heart attacks :D"
,Recommended,414700,31577095,Posted: 6 May,all,Baekyeol,"As a fan of the first Outlast game and it's DLC, I really do love Outlast 2. It has much more action and is scarier as the first Outlast game. It's a lot fun!"
76561198073108866,Recommended,414700,31490631,Posted: 1 May,all,Crowdey,"F*CK THE DAMN SCHOOL!Ok! So, Outlast 2! Oh boy! What can i say....this game really lived up to the hype for me! It was scary, terrifying, gives you chicken skin, it even raises your hair up sometimes and has great Athmosphere! It was definitely an experience that i will remember and has Some of the weirdest ♥♥♥♥ed up things i've even seen in my Gaming Experience!Pros!+Offers great Christian Values!+Great Graphics!+Great Athmosphere!+Great Sound Design!+Jumpscares!+Incredibly fun at times!Cons!-Common Story.....-Running most of the time....-No weapons....-You can't push enemies away....only outrun them....-No point in hiding!.....-Ain't hard at all.....Overall it's an 8/10 for me!I've had a lot of fun and i definitely feel like i got my money worth the price!If you really wanna play the game then go ahead and buy it!If not, then wait for a sale!It's definitely ,,A Must'' for horror fans!"
,Recommended,414700,31377655,Posted: 26 April,all,Dylvi,"VERY scary, and an amazing game!From the very first moment you're thrown into the nightmare that surrounds both Blake and Lynn!I played through and completed both the first Outlast, and the Whistleblower DLC (which I love both to absolute bits!), and this sequel certainly doesn't disappoint!Blake Langermann speaks a lot more than Miles Upshur and Waylon Park, which gives the game more backstory too. Instead of only hearing the sounds of fright from the character you play (which adds to it on those various chase scenes, mind you..!), you hear his thoughts about what he's going through. You also hear him vocalise his horror!That really gives the game and story a lot more depth in my opinion. The story is also so well thoughout, and your head reels from one event to the next that you often don't have time to really stop and think before something else happens. You simply need to run for your life, or you're going to be caught.I do miss Chris Walker, Eddie Gluskin, Richard Trager ~ But who wouldn't!? :D They're such memorable characters, with all their lines as they chase after you!But this game does give you frightening new enemies to run away from that will keep anyone up at night..!"
76561198086885677,Recommended,414700,31466522,Posted: 30 April,all,twsniper80,Papa Knoth loves you
76561198050796466,Recommended,414700,32406658,Posted: 14 June,all,R@MM$+E!N,It will scare the manliest man in to the babiest baby
,Recommended,414700,31466580,Posted: 30 April,all,[TKZ] The_MixMaster™  ☭,"I very much so enjoy this game gruesome and full of rich story. Although some parts can be a bit to frustrating, ended up having a speed run video of the game open in case an area ended up being to irritating."
76561198062646436,Recommended,414700,31519693,Posted: 3 May,all,gallegos.mario5,The story if you dig deep enough is good just as good as the first one. It did have one checkpoint which was annoying and some slower parts. The graphics are amazing for a 30 dollar game and the story is good for a 30 dollar game as well. I totally recomend it for any horror or outlast fans.
,Recommended,414700,31466336,Posted: 30 April,all,Matt,"It's a good game and i enjoyed playing it. Will try to beat it in all difficulties for the achievements :DThere's a lot of running in the game, too much running but the story is good. Very good graphics, good soundtrack.In other words this game is outstanding from the technical side but to me i think it just lacks a little bit something in the story and gameplay.I give it 4/5 stars :D"
,Recommended,414700,31486666,Posted: 1 May,all,OttDody,"This is an awesome game, just as the first one."
76561198106834667,Recommended,414700,31385636,Posted: 26 April,all,Kilroy,Most expensive yet effective laxative I've ever purchased.
,Recommended,414700,31418726,Posted: 28 April,all,Siltion,"Wow, after 8 hours of playing this game I have finally finished it... What a truly amazing sequal to an amazing game. I heavily recommed this game to anybody who has played the first outlast or is simply just into horror games!"
,Recommended,414700,31418847,Posted: 28 April,all,Puppy,"Outlast 2 is a big difference from Outlast 1. The story and the light on physiological horror instead of supernatural. This allows for a whole new experience for new comers and vets. But the game fails to bring new ideas to the table for Outlast and fails to be innovative.-/+ Gameplay (No new game macanics, but still has the original Outlast feeling.)+/+ Story (The story is much better than the first one. Voice actting, characters, and physiological horror brings new terrifying encounters.)+/+ Graphics (The graphics have a very eerie feeling to add to the game and makes for better horror.)Final Score: 8.00 Oulast 2 tells a horific story about religion while building massive character development through physiological horror and memorys. But the game fails to be bring anything new to the table and felt more like trail and error when you are encountering enemys."
76561198134050369,Recommended,414700,31809539,Posted: 17 May,all,petertheotter,"Amazing game. I find it better than the first one (that Iove too). Harder and more creepy. I recommend it for all survival horror lovers.New story and new options, this game is the dream of anyone who wants to scary himself."
76561198120441693,Recommended,414700,31959878,Posted: 25 May,all,GBA DAYS,"Outlast 2 is the physical embodiment of madness.  By the end of it all, you're not sure what is and isn't real anymore. If you like games such as Silent Hill 2. Then this is right up your alley. Outlast 2 will ♥♥♥♥ with your head in ways you've never experienced before, and leave your heart shattered."
76561198041015591,Recommended,414700,32205852,Posted: 5 June,all,REL,"PROS- Overall, fun and rewarding gameplay- Incredible atmosphere and plentiful scripted sequences that keep the game interesting and player on edge- Might be even scarier than original Outlast at times; there were a couple occasions I had to flat out quit the game out of terror- Caffeine substitute -- the terror will stimulate your fight or flight response; you will feel lit for a little while after playing- Lots of paranormal visuals that truly keep the playthrough fresh and exciting (especially the school sequences)- Well-placed checkpoints prevent you from ever having to ""redo"" too much of the game; you'll love seeing the ""saving"" indicator when you enter a new areaCONS- You die far more than in Outlast 1 which takes some of the suspense out and adds a little frustration- You can't outrun many enemies like in Outlast 1; if you are spotted, you're often dead- Not as intuitively smooth as Outlast 1... it's easier to get lost in Outlast 2 which is sometimes just frustrating- When recording events with in-game camcorder, the progress indicator is twice as long as it should be before the journal entry is recorded- Notes you pick up in the game are often too long and sometimes hard to read"
,Recommended,414700,31548285,Posted: 4 May,all,SALVADOR,"ive been waiting for this for years honestly!!!!!! thanks red barrels for my life!!!!!!!!!!!i really love the new storyline and the improvement of various game mechanisms (such as the new option to heal and footage instead of note-taking, which makes more sense). horror centering around cults is probably one of my favorite things.its really not a game for someone to start out with (idk why you wouldn't do this before playing outlast 2 but definitely play the first game honestly if you wanna get a feel for how the game works) because it's a lot trickier to beat than the first game and slightly more difficult to navigate.the game itself was significantly more stressful for me than the first one (which I GUESS i'd consider a good thing).the characters in this game were interesting, some memorable and some not so much. i did see a few repeating tropes with certain characters and have determined the folks at red barrels probably have a priest fetish of some sort.my only complaint is thatthe ending was fairly predictable especially based on the whole jonestown thing they had going on, and honestly i could tell lynn was going to die from the beginning. also the ending with jessica was only slightly surprising. are we gonna address the tongue monster? we should.anyways yeah good job 10/10 would die and get killed in a jonestown-esque setting again."
,Recommended,414700,31380839,Posted: 26 April,all,durisco❤,"outlast is truly an amazing game. its scares are amazing, the atmosphere is great and the mechanics are even smoother than the first! but the end of the game is just like the first game and isnt outlast's strong point. 9/10 (would be 10/10 if the end wasnt♥♥♥♥♥♥ or maybe i just dont understand the ending. i dunno lmao)"
76561198057770803,Recommended,414700,31547638,Posted: 4 May,all,Freidom,"So the original Outlast was an intense, visceral game of hide and seek. You scurried between lockers and crawled under beds, holding your breath and patiently planning your escape. What made it so unique was it's ability to layer on the tension thick without ever giving you a long enough reprieve to fully recover. It was heart-pounding from start to finish, DLC included.Outlast 2 is certainly a step forward in terms of game design, mechanics and visuals, however...The tension is gone, replaced by relentless AI and chase sequences...lots and lots of chase sequences. The enemies are intimidating for sure, but once you realise you can outsmart them by simply running in circles (which you will be doing a lot), the scare-factor takes a dive. You simply couldn't fool enemies like this in the original game, nor did the game encourage you to.Admittedly, the location is beautiful, yet grim, accompanied by gruesome (seriously) visuals and some heavy religious undertones that really make you feel uneasy. The protagonist is sadly...forgettable, as are the antagonists. Whilst your investment in the original Outlast's main character was felt through his injuries and struggles, this time around our plucky reporter goes from tough, to downright invincible, and his motivations are...convoluted. Good luck understanding the plot, it's wacky.I do feel the need to talk about the sparkling gems that are the school flashbacks. Outlast 2 features a second narrative that is told in intervals throughout the game. These small, expository segments are reminiscent of what made the original Outlast so unique, and ultimately sold the experience for me. It's here you'll witness the games high points, it's most inventive and unsettling scares and some of the better chase sequences. Outlast 2 could have been such a big step up from it's predecessor if only every location was as horrific and memorable as the school. But of course, as quickly as you've arrived, you're back in the real world where tension doesn't exist.The verdict? It's worth playing, because despite the flaws it's still enjoyable and more importantly, scary. In it's rush to be new and innovative however, it loses it's grip on the tension that made the original so great. You'll come away from the experience with some lasting, fearful memories, but you'll probably blast through it in a couple sittings, because it does nothing to keep you on the edge of your seat. Occasionally it'll shout BOO!"
,Recommended,414700,31392563,Posted: 27 April,all,infector,"It's good, but not great. Recommended for those who enjoy the series, or for those who enjoy extremely dark and violent stories. Probably best to avoid this game if you don't like walking simulators.I've been anxiously awaiting this game since I first heard it announced, as I loved Outlast 1 and the subsequent Whistleblower DLC. Those games offered memorable characters and a memorable story, with top notch atmosphere and voice acting and scares.While Outlast 2 nails the atmosphere, it falls short in level design and memorable sequences. That isn't to say that there are 0 enjoyable chase sequences or terrifying encounters in the game, but for the majority of the game, the levels are a bit uninspired and forgettable. The flashback sequences to the school, in particular, feel quite repetitive and cumbersome. The story and characters are also rather boring, and don't come anywhere close to Dr. Trager or the Groom.tldr: thumbs up because it was made by people who know what they're doing and looks and runs beautifully, but it is not as good as the first game and DLC due to boring level design and a lack of personality that made the first game so memorable."
76561198094074209,Recommended,414700,31393749,Posted: 27 April,all,zBunnYz,Fun Game for people who don't like horror play this till end if this is ur frist horror game :)
,Recommended,414700,31384910,Posted: 26 April,all,Mustard Jelly,"Worthy succesor to outlast, great atmosphere.Not for the faint of heart, some sick♥♥♥♥♥♥will occur :)"
,Not Recommended,414700,35280949,Posted: 28 September,all,P3 Shadow,"Outlast 2, there is many things to say about this game. Outlast 2 compared to it's original, is a completely different story. Changing from an asylum full of crazy people, to a random town in Arizona, that is, well also crazy. If you were a fan of the original you would most likely not enjoy this game as much. Red Barrels clearly tried hard to make the second game in the series great, but I felt they lacked what made the first so great.The first game had a great location, great narrative, great characters, and even pulled off an amazing dlc. Sadly, Outlast 2 couldn't step up to be as good.Pros:-Great Graphics-Scary Enemies-Smarter AI-Intense Chases-Cool New Abilites (E.g. Using a boat)-Cool new camera-Good JumpscaresCons:-Undeveloped story-Boring flashbacks-Terrible location-Never making it anywhereThis game isn't bad in anyway, but in no way is as good as the original, I recommend playing the original before this, as it helps you get through better.7.5/10"
76561198030094181,Not Recommended,414700,35281317,Posted: 28 September,all,Lightside,"Major let down. Terrible, oddly open level design with some cool visual tricks and a few decent enemies but poorly used. No discovery at all. Lame story. I struggled completing it by the end because it just became a running simulator and a bad one at that. The only part of the game where I truly started to become invested was the caverns section. They should have used that for the entire basis of the game because Outlast succeeds with being indoors like the original game. I know that would lean on being like that movie The Descent but sure they could have cooked up something really cool. The first Outlast is in my opinion one of the best horror games in the last decade. I guess they churned this one out too quickly to try to capitalize on the last one's success. Worth maybe ten dollars and even then would recommend you stick to Outlast 1 and Whistleblower for a real horror trip."
76561198271126833,Recommended,414700,31532629,Posted: 3 May,all,SpaghettiDragons,"This game had me pooping my pants from time to time, a decent story to top it all off, the school flashbacks in the game were by far the most interesting to me. I would say a good successor to the original Outlast. The timed events are a bit unforgiving, especially on nightmare difficulty, batteries should be used sparingly, bandages are pretty abundant. If you're looking for a decent story and a bit of a scare, I'd recommend it."
76561198092607226,Recommended,414700,35313362,Posted: 29 September,all,Johnny,"At a $30 price-point, Outlast 2 has decent value for fans of the original.The game, however, is a lot more linear in design than the original, focusing more on running and chase-sequences than hiding and stealth. An unfortunate by-product of this design is trial-and-error - and there is A LOT of it. A frustratingly large amount of it in certain spots. The game is full of scripted events and NPC encounters that are literally unavoidable, even with maximum usage of the game's stealth mechanics.On the more positive end, Outlast 2 is legitimately scary - much more so than the original. The player character has hallucinations of being in his childhood Catholic school after hours, and these hallucinations get more intense and frequent as time goes on; they are easily the scariest parts of the game. And the chase-sequences, while causing the trial-and-error issue discussed earlier, provide the game's most fun and exhilerating moments.Playing Outlast 2 feels like being in a fast-paced horror flick. The story can only progress in ONE way and you will die repeatedly until you figure out specifically what the devs wanted you to do. Don't get me wrong - it's a decent game, but it cetainly isn't for everyone.Pros:+Actually scary.+Solid visuals and sound design.+Interesting setting.+Almost everything about the school sections is good.+Had the potential for an interesting story, but...(see cons)Cons:-Excessive trial-and-error.-Scripted AI can make the game feel unfair.-The story really needed more exposition. The most important information regarding the story is literally on a note on the ground that most will miss.6.5/10"
76561198260974077,Recommended,414700,31674484,Posted: 10 May,all,kcunninghamuk,"DONT LISTEN TO THE HATERS, IF YOU WANT TO BE SCARED AND BE ON YOUR SEAT MOST OF THE TIME THEN LOOK NO FURTHER"
,Recommended,414700,31365798,Posted: 25 April,all,[OvO]wl,"Was fumbling around in the dark, conserving batteries, enjoying the forlorn atmosphere and the miasma of rotting bodies. Was five minutes in. Saw a light, ran towards it, picked up a battery. It will be useful later. Sneaked around. Can hear whispering. Logorrhea. Cannot locate the source of it. Noticed another glimmer of light in the distance. Ran towards it.Felt an abrupt change in the game's atmosphere. It was hostile, unforgiving. Realised that there was no battery and I was tresspassing in the vicinity of a witch. Witches run fast. Ran around looking for an escape route. Found myself cornered, was stabbed thrice with an 8 foot long obsidian double bladed scathe. Received a darwin award and then died.WELL THAT ESCALATED FAST.10/10 would become jewish again."
76561198119663869,Recommended,414700,31364196,Posted: 25 April,all,Ghost,I'm too scared to re-open the game!10/10 for the nightmares...
76561198292539500,Recommended,414700,31508128,Posted: 2 May,all,Hale Storm,"Outlast 2 is a incredible game hampered by a few frustrating scenes that will truely test your sanity. If I have one major grievance with Outlast 2, it would be the lack of a flashlight to complement the stunning graphics as a tool besides the camcorder.Gameplay: B-Graphics: APlot & Pacing: C+ & BFun Value: A"
76561198369107339,Recommended,414700,31505532,Posted: 2 May,all,ChaosChampion96,Absoulute blast of a game very scary all the way to the end. if theres anyone that wants to play a very good horror experience i would highly suggest to play outlast 1 and 2 very good and terrifying!
,Recommended,414700,31508276,Posted: 2 May,all,ASID_CAT_SLAYER,♥♥♥♥♥ my pant is wet. Good thing is i have spare diapers and used it at nick of time.
,Recommended,414700,31508108,Posted: 2 May,all,Nox,"Outlast 2 is about Christians and Heretics fighting against each others and you and your wife are right in the middle of that ♥♥♥♥♥torm.The gameplay is a lot less forgiving this time around, like many others mentionned the game is based around try and error entirely sadly. I was on the highest normal difficulty (Nightmare) and I would get one-hit kill for basically trying to open a door during a chase scene. Which also is something I want to talk about, there are way too many chase scenes in this game to the point that by the end of the game it got me bored of constantly running. The beginning of the game until about half of it was enjoyable but after that I gradually lost interest in ""getting scared"". Since sometimes I would die a couple times you can imagine that after dying +3 times the same way, it starts to dispel the tension the game builds up for you. Let's go for an example, Outlast 1 you can get hit while trying to escape and enemy which helps on making you more stressed since you're trying not to die ; Now on the other hand you have Outlast 2 which if you fail once it's almost better to just let it happend and reset the scene. For Outlast 2 defence there are some enemies that you can escape by mashing buttons but it doesn't negate how annoying it is to die in one hit over and over. You might say: well hide in closets and such, well friend it almost felt like the mechanic was obsolete in this game I will reply. It was so useful to me that I got the achievement of not hiding in barels and closets on my first playthrough, I did hide sometimes but really not a whole lot surprisingly. You can hide in more places too which is cool, you can go underwater for example which idk how he does it with his camera which must be an ultimate Nokia camera since the damn thing was thrown around so many times.Now the story, it was sort of fun, it's basically a religion war and you and your wife play an important part in their fancy prophecy of some sort. I won't go into much details to not spoil anything for those you want to play it, the pacing is fine and you might want to read the notes and watch the videos you record otherwise it can get a bit confusing at times.Also the graphics are quite noice, my computer chugged a little at one point and went under 60 for 1-2 mins and I was at max with a GTX 980 but everywhere else I had a solid 120fps.So simply beware, the game is fun however it's different than Outlast 1 so expect the environnement to be similar but not the gameplay."
76561198068909146,Recommended,414700,35496406,Posted: 5 October,all,UndeadGaming,I loved the first Outlast and the DLC I loved Outlast 2 even more... Yeah sure it was more Running and action than Scary but I still loved it tons!!! I really really hope that Red Barrels release an Outlast 2 DLC!!! #Makethisafranchise #IloveOutlast
76561198375198547,Not Recommended,414700,31471325,Posted: 30 April,all,Whats up guys it's Scarce here,"This game isn't really that scary compared to Outlast. The majority of the game you will spend running and dying, trying to remember where you died only to find you need to make a right turn and crawl underneath some hole. It is very hard to know where you're going, you practically have to die, respawn, die, respawn, die, respawn and now you find where you're supposed to go. Not to mention, the batteries for the camera is hilarious, dies in like 30 seconds of use. This game is alright, but isn't really that scary compared to Outlast."
76561198382992189,Recommended,414700,31744836,Posted: 14 May,all,SSRL_01,"The storyline is better than I've expected, better than of the prequel. The story has multiple hostile factions and such facet made the game more challenging. The soundtracks are pretty unique and gave me chills as I went through the horror settings of the game. The settings are good enough, especially the geography that depicts the Arizonan dessert. The jumpscares are the gimmicks of the game itself and they succesfully scared the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me till I can listen to my heart beating at a fast pace. Yet, the gameplay is almost as similar as in the prequel, although the camera has been upgraded. In spite of the negative part of the review, I would say Outlast 2 is a pretty badass horror campaign that has perfect jumpscares, savage antagonists, eerie BGM and an unique story. I would rate it for 9/10. Thanks for the game, Red Barrels."
76561198031061719,Not Recommended,414700,31455354,Posted: 29 April,all,Vanana,"I didn't want to believe it at first, but all the bad reviews are spot on...The good:1- Graphics2- Some of the game mechanics have been updatedThe bad:1- the game is not scary at all (except some sequences in the school), you're just running from farmers.2- the setting is boring compared to the Asylum in Outlast 1 and the game is just soooo repetitive (running from farmers).3- the story is uninteresting4- there are no puzzles to solve in this game, just running to the next place and then running to the next one, etc...In summary, except for the night vision, it didn't feel like an Outlast game."
,Recommended,414700,31599134,Posted: 7 May,all,DigBick,really boring beginning but the game is totally worth it. for comparison I thought this was better than resident evil 7 which in my opinion was great.
76561198042536554,Not Recommended,414700,31699981,Posted: 12 May,all,die,"49% chase sequences50% repetative school flashbacks1% stealthOh, and did I mention the ending makes absolutely no sence and doesn't answer any questions?Because the ending makes absolutely no sence and doesn't answer any questions."
,Not Recommended,414700,31715570,Posted: 12 May,all,Setarcos04,"I havent finished the game yet, but as far as i could tell, it is not as good as Outlast 1.The point is that, the whole game became religious, relating to evils and Satan(thats what i guess, havent finished it). Then it is so hard for a non-Christian like me to understand those meanings, thus the story gets obscure and unintelligible.I dont recommend this because this game didnt give me psychological horrors of the evil heresy, but annoyance of being confused. To me this game is just about the dark atomsphere, the nice graphics and the jump-scare stuff. What i want to say is that at least i was scared when a psycho cut my fingers in Outlast 1, at least i felt awful walking in black slimes in Resident Evil 7, at least i could understand emotions that Silent Hills want to express."
,Recommended,414700,31417956,Posted: 28 April,all,CrackedGhostGames,"(It only says I've played 13 mins but I finished the game offline.)NO SPOILERSThis game is a big improvement from Outlast 1 and Outlast Whistleblower. BUT, below are my list of pros and cons.PROS:- Better graphics- Better optimization- Scarier music- More chases- Interesting new gameplay features- More places to hide- Smarter enemy AICONS:- Not good at making a scary atmosphere (First one was executed perfectly)- Chase simulator (You just get chased most of the time)- No stealth (Hiding is useless)- Not as realistic as the first (The first game relied on realistic(ish) events and characters. This game is going for a more supernatual feeling and I don't like that)- Not a clear cut ending (The ending in the first game tied up all loose ends and left the player knowing exactly what happened, this one has an ending that relies on you reading notes to understand)TL:DR, Great game, could have been made a lot better. I give it 9/10."
,Recommended,414700,31492435,Posted: 1 May,all,Alex,"Best horror game I have ever played, I liked how there was 2 places to play in the dream as well as reality being in the farm, Quite the joyful experiance."
76561198174073641,Recommended,414700,31434297,Posted: 29 April,all,kudis terciduk,"As a fan of the first Outlast game and other horror games, I found this game very entertaining. 8/10"
76561198044560085,Recommended,414700,31434498,Posted: 29 April,all,[DFS] Doctor Roo,"This may be one of my favorite horror games out there. The soundtrack, disturbing content and interesting setting make this a major expansion to an already great horror franchise. The updated controls, graphics and enemy AI also make the gameplay more realistic and adds to the immersion of the game as well as give you more ways to avoid the residents of Temple Gate. If you enjoyed the first Outlast and/or are a fan of rural horror, I definitely recommend this game."
,Recommended,414700,31499062,Posted: 1 May,all,Cyrus40K,"I personally don't like this one.After playing the Cry of Fear I recommand it as the best horror game ever although it's a Half-Life mod. It's like the game version of Hell No: The Sensible Horror Film. It's scary but at the same time very logical.And when going back to play Outlast 2, something will confuse me:1. The battery drains too quickly. I have a Sony camera that one battery can last over 6-hour shooting. And in Cry of Fear the player only changes one or two batterries during the whole gameplay. Making battery a scarce resource won't make a horror game horror any more but instead making me unhappy with it.2. The character, Blake, is a very strong man that can take nails in the hands and then with the wounded hands he pushes down a big tree. With such a super human ability he chooses not to pick up a knife and slash a better way out? He has the ability to kill all the monsters and he chose not to. Very un-logical. Maybe a Trump-hating leftist? Sorry if I provoke someone to anger. But I don't like the way he survive. Even the kid in Cry of Fear knows to pick up a gun to fight the super natural enemy. A man so strong as Blake on the contrary choose to run without holding a weapon? Un-logical.These two points are about the basic logic I can't not agree with the game design. It's totally different with the previou Outlast situation.Other aspects:1. Much improved grapihcs. +2. Voice acting out of the scene. -3. Some bugs that will stuck player. -4. Overall good atomosphere. +5. Not very good story. -While I give it more negative critics they are all personal preference. I still recommend it to any horror fans."
76561198117521383,Recommended,414700,31432396,Posted: 28 April,all,DarthCupcake,"It's good, but I'd get it while it's on sale. Not as great as the first, imo. Cool setting, but the majority of the game is just getting chased around and then hiding in barrels the rest of the time"
76561198055745580,Recommended,414700,31441553,Posted: 29 April,all,DΛBBking,"Nice game. 7 h of gameplay and amasing story.  Outlast 1 was better, but this is fine too. I recommend if you liked outlast 1."
,Recommended,414700,31451929,Posted: 29 April,all,smalls,"This game will teach you how to push a bandwagon, escape from an evil pickaxe lady, come back to push the bandwagon some more, escape the pickaxe lady via the same route, and then come back to finally put the bandwagon in its place."
,Recommended,414700,31375860,Posted: 26 April,all,Mstraky,"I played this game start to finish in one sitting and made the decision to fully immerse myself in the game, to fully feel like I was the main character. Dark room, loud headphones, and no distractions. Just me and the game. I can honestly say I was put in a genuine state of fear while progressing through the game.The sound design is so well done it made me paranoid. Constantly checking over my shoulder for enemies. The visuals were disturbing yet amazing. Incredibly detailed levels. The design of the levels were relatively linear but it allowed the momentum of the game to flow better. The story was intriguing and kept me interested in what would happen next. The chase sequences created panic with the loud high paced music and dark atmosphere.I personally loved this game and thought it was on par with if not better than the original.Outlast 2 gets a 10/10"
,Recommended,414700,31378881,Posted: 26 April,all,NXTk,Perfect game.
,Recommended,414700,31387486,Posted: 26 April,all,Historical,"Ok so first of all. In my opinion its not as good as the first one BUT it's still is really good. You can tell they really focused on polishing this game and making everything look just right. And you can definitely notice that when playing. The setting is amazing, The voice acting is perfect, The animations are great aside from the lip sync but that's not really noticeable. Overall its a horror game. But sadly this is what kinda made me upset when playing.Ok so to put things in perspective, In the first outlast you wouldn't die that much. In fact if you were patient and would hide enough you honestly wouldn't die at all. But oh my god. In this one you. can. not. avoid. dying. The areas you were in when being chased or stalked in the first outlast were perfect and well thought out so you could be able to crawl around and hide to avoid the killer and be able to make it out of that area. But it was still difficult enough to make it scary but not unfair. Now. In outlast 2 all the places people are at in this game are just ♥♥♥♥ed. Im pretty sure the first area you encounter people there's like 5 of them and the only way out is through this small area of grass that 2 people patrol enough to where you can't even go in it first try. And when you are hiding in the grass from someone. Another person will walk up behind you and kill you while you were hiding. This is just a very small example of what im talking about and if you play the game you will understand. And that literally took the horror part out of it. Because i got so used to dying so much that when i saw people i just expected to die and retry again.Now this is all coming from someone who put 30 hours in a 6 hour game and sped run it for awhile. So i kinda was used to being chased and stuff so you might have a completely different experience than i did. For me it was just annoying, Not scary. But if you never played outlast Definitely play the first one then if you want. Play this one too. I still recommend this one because its not Bad at all. Just not as good as the first one. But yeSPOILER TALK UNDER THISOk so if any of you played this then you are probably as disappointed as i was when i found out you literally only see that priest guy twice. And the second time you see him he just kills him self. Like come on i thought he was gonna do more than just talk in front of us. And why the ♥♥♥♥ were there like 3 different religious groups around there if they weren't gonna do anything with the fact that they all hated eachother. Sure they would fight and save you a couple times just to give a reason to not die that early but like. Nothing happened between those groups and it just made it no point to have those other groups around other than to have different people chasing you with different grunting noises. In my opinion the only memorable bigdude was the little guy on that big dudes shoulders. And the little dude shot flaming arrows out. It was a cool character design. The chick with the pickaxe was just annoying because all the times you saw her she was in those annoying areas where you would die everyime like i was saying before. The priest was cool but you only saw him twice. He never even tried to kill you. That other chick that wanted to ♥♥♥♥ you or something only tried to kill you once and that was pretty easy to avoid her cuz you just went underwater and looked for her light."
76561198090933083,Recommended,414700,31384769,Posted: 26 April,all,The Headless Horsemelon,"story's a bit off and the ending sucked but besides that, its an amazing horror game, i just hope they can pull what they did in whistleblower when it coems to the future"
76561198379762201,Recommended,414700,31495124,Posted: 1 May,all,NaktProwler,"Response to the negative reviews-Took my time playing this game so I can enjoy it to its fullest, that being said I believe this game is worth the 30 bucks and I dont have anything negative to say about it. I understand some people are really butthurt over ""not having clues"" where to go or also ""trail and error type game"" if they made it super simple and made it obvious where to go then you wouldnt die or go through the headaches on where to go. I'm not sure what people are saying how they get lost and stuff when it didnt happen to me once but the map can be a bit big and it is super dark but to me its kinda cool. The story at the end is confusing but putting together all the pieces and thinking deep you begin to understand why the main character is having flashbacks from fourth grade and what it has to do with why they are where they are in the game. I do like the fact the bad guys dont leave your area cause it does make the game harder to beat which is always a good task but they do take a long time to leave which can cause an issue but not to the point where I would bash the game and draw people away from an amazing game.The story of the game is pretty cool, I do like the school parts they are hard to beat and are insanely random and spooky, I do like how long the story is as well. This game did give me the chills majority of the 18 hours playing it. Also it is aweome how this game is tied to the first game and how its about true events. But all in all this game is worth it to me and if you just play it for what it is and not think of other games like others have said you'll enjoy it like I did, I was on edge dying for a damn closet or something to hide in and always on the hunt for batteries. This game did meet the expectations I had. But anyway here my poo review hope you enjoy the game as I did!"
,Recommended,414700,31772233,Posted: 15 May,all,COD_GOD,Outlast 2 is a pretty different game from the 1st one it's bigger and scarier. I recommend this game and it is pretty low end as well 8.5/10
,Recommended,414700,31366799,Posted: 25 April,all,used sock,♥♥♥♥ me this game is scary
76561198155241156,Recommended,414700,32675416,Posted: 23 June,all,ArchAngel1412,"sacred the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me a fair amount of times, ♥♥♥♥ that school"
,Recommended,414700,31403696,Posted: 27 April,all,Nosferatu,"I love the first Outlast, & I like this one. It isn't as good as the first, I wasn't expecting it to be, but it' still not a bad game.The music is fantastic (for the most part). The graphics are incredible. The sound effects are spot on. The mechanics from the last game are here, but with a little more; nothing too astonishing compared to the last game in this sense.There were moments in the game when I felt the music was too loud when I was hiding & trying to hear if the enemies had walked away yet. I could hear loud flutes (I think?) as if the game was trying to build tension, but it just got annoying because it was such a high pitch for so long.I didn't ever genuinely get scared, unless you count a loud noise & some kind of enemy jumping out from the dark trying to kill you. Despite this, I got disgusted quite a bit seeing skinned/rotten/hanging/butchered humans everwhere. This game has more for it in 'shock-factor' than actually frightening it's audience.The story was composed in a great manner. There are different layers of the story you have to dig through to get the entire picture.Other gripes I have with the game, I would hide in barrels & the AI would either stand near the barrel for an extended period of time or would walk towards it & then walk away, only to come right back seconds later, making it hard to slip away undetected. I spent so much time dying and trying again and again 4, 5, 6, even 7+ times trying to sneak past in different manners trying to figure out where/what I'm supposed to be accomplishing in such little time because the AI detect you so easily & you're forced to think on your feet in a pitch black surrounding, making it easy to miss small holes in walls hidden by bushes.The enemies were obnoxious to the point of knowing you were spotted again, and still not knowing where I'm supposed to be headed, and standing there & letting them kill you so you could try to see more of the surrounding buildings without being spotted because you have no idea where to go.This game felt like it had more of a supernatural aspect to it throughout the entire game rather than just the ending of Outlast 1, making this game feel unrealistic. By the time I got to the point in the game where I was running through these pitch black mines using all of my batteries running from enemies that could see me for some reason, I was annoyed and just wanted to get out. I wasn't scared, it wasn't anxiety provoking, it was obnoxious.I understand the AI are supposed to chase you, but I just wish there was another option to hide & sneak around rather than being chased the entire time.I really don't like video games where the main character speaks or has major vocal parts in the story, but this wasn't bad. The voice acting in this game is really good, though I didn't really feel an emotional attatchment to the other female character.*SPOILER*In a flashback, I felt horrible when you could tell your childhood friend was about to be sexually assaulted by your teacher, the priest. After you see her run away from him and you chase after trying to help, only to open a door to her dead body, made me upset.That was the only time I felt any type of empathy for anyone in this game.*SPOILER OVER*I have about 8 hours in the game, but I finished it in about 6. The intriguing story, great music, and the fantastic look of the game is what is making me give this game a recommendation. It's worth the $30 price tag."
,Recommended,414700,31430358,Posted: 28 April,all,.... . .-. .--. -.. . .-. .--.,I understand the negetive reviews about gameplay in that i had numerous times been spotted out of nowhere but in the end i still ended up liking it alot. i feel this game breaks ground with what can be put into a game content wise and i appreciate the devs decision to go full crazy with it. the one gripe i dont see enough of though is how the L/R audio can hit red on someone 60 feet away. everything else about the game i realy enjoyed and i cant wait to see if they bring any dlc7/10would use to scare my friends
,Recommended,414700,31439072,Posted: 29 April,all,Elisdeer Rickenbacker,"Hi Red Barrels, I'm experincing a bug when I play the gamePOTENTIAL SPOILERS:In Chapter Job: Part 1, after scaling the rock wall on the path by tiptoeing along the fallen tree, I proceed down the path, then I attempt to crawl under some branches and a fallen tree which is across the creek. However, the scripted event at this moment is never triggered and I cannot progress.To see which part I'm talking about, go to 3:45 in this players walkthrough -https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vDQteai-s70At that moment, the monster never emerges, and the fallen tree can't be crawled past. Any ideas?It's disappointing because so far the game is one of the best I've ever played and I have purchased and enjoyed Outlast 1 as well as this second installment and I'm a huge fan of your work and the series.I would appreciate some advice on how to proceed?"
76561198041406542,Recommended,414700,31438754,Posted: 29 April,all,dkxzl,"It's scare me,but  I still like it"
,Recommended,414700,31690084,Posted: 11 May,all,Foxes,"Just finished the game today on May 12th on 4:35 AM xDI rate this game 9/10 because of the storyline , dem spooks ,character design , level transition is on point ,moar jumpscares."
,Recommended,414700,31759908,Posted: 14 May,all,Queenie,"Outlast 2 improves unpon the first one in just about every way, it's bigger, badder and looks better though it falls vicitm to its own ambition in a few areas. The gameplay remains largely unchanged from the first game, it's still all about running from phsychos, conserving your batteries and finding good places to hide. And it's still just as intense and horrifying as it was in the first game. The only wholey new mechanics introduced in the game are the adition of Bandages which heal you if you've been hit by a maniac, and a new microphone on the camera that will allow you to hear enemeis through walls and in dark places. The biggest issue that Outlast 2 faces is by making the levels much larger and more open than the origonal (which was mostly set in hallways and coridors) it often makes finding your way difficult which can lead to more than a few frustrating deaths or long periods where you're running arround trying to find the right path to go down. Graphicaly the game is 10x better than the first with much higher fidelity visuals and a lot more intersting imagery. If you're a fan of the oirognal Outlast and want more of the same this is more than worth picking up, but it probably won't pesuade any newcomers or people who weren't fond of the first"
76561198204370448,Recommended,414700,31383965,Posted: 26 April,all,SCOTTICUS,"If your a horror game fan and loved the first Outlast, just...Get this game now! One of the best video game sequels I have ever played."
,Recommended,414700,31383849,Posted: 26 April,all,Django,I lost count how many times I died.
76561197990075035,Recommended,414700,31420552,Posted: 28 April,all,Shambling GoatMother,you can't film yourself climbing ladders9/10
,Recommended,414700,31435213,Posted: 29 April,all,Pistol Pete,"This game was great.  I really liked the overall experience of it however, it isnt as scary as the first outlast. Youre thrown into these large areas and honestly all you have to do is sprint your way through everything. I remember the in the first outlast that whenever a main villain would die, it would be a very rewarding feeling like you accomplished something. in this game it just feels like it goes on and on and on and when some characters die its just like, ""oh....... ok i guess......"" However the ending really opened up my eyes and overall was like a huge shock. I do think this game has a ♥♥♥♥ing awesome story and and really fun, but it isnt gonna be as good as the first."
,Recommended,414700,33464518,Posted: 11 July,all,Serbia Stronk,scary rednecks
76561198119368363,Recommended,414700,32309265,Posted: 9 June,all,k00lenkrazy,"So lets get the elaphant out of the room... This game isnt as scary as the first one. But does that make it a weaker experinece over all? Outlast 2 is bigger than the original in every way. It's levels, story, runtime, characters, and budget are all bigger and in most cases better. Outlast 2 has some very scary moments that made me scream out loud.....very loud. This is a first for any game that I have played. But the experience as a whole still isnt as scary as the original. Think of it as scarier moments vs. more scares throughout. Overall, I thought it was a worthy sequel to the original."
,Recommended,414700,33440918,Posted: 10 July,all,Bumsbruder,"Outlast 2 scared the living out of me.I used to play adventure horror games together with my girlfriend and would totally recommend this game if you have one.it's big fun to get scared together.especially in Outlast 2, there are these moments where you expect something and nothing happens. and just as you calmed down.... somebody stands besides you.would totally recommend this game."
76561198134994152,Recommended,414700,31454462,Posted: 29 April,all,Odins_Wrath,"THIS.....is horror.Red Barrels has outdone themselves this time!This game was GREAT, dark atmosphere, great things to read and see...1.) Gameplay was shockingly better than the first. Usually the 2nd game in a title is bad right? I felt in this game it was darker with better areas to explore and navigate. leading to more chances to escape.................and die. I died2.) The fear aspect was very well done. There were plenty of jump scares. The school? I ♥♥♥♥ing hated the goddamn school cuz its scary. Youre alone, the ambient noises are intense, and theres ALWAYS the feeling of being watched. The Devs never let you have a moment of peace. The overall atmosphere of the game was brutal and disturbing so even when there were no enemies near? YOu were on edge.3.) Detail in the game was better than most AAA titles in my opinion. Plenty of eye candy to stare at and appreciate, the Devs sure did some work on making every area relaistic, and pleasing to the eye.4.) There blood. ALOT....of blood....Over all the game was great. The only bad thing was when pickaxe chick killed me id reload and be literally in front of her lol. Id do 2-4 laps around the perimeter before i lose her!A solid 10/10 for me. I found this game to be the best purchase of the year."
,Not Recommended,414700,31459021,Posted: 30 April,all,AussieTerrorist,"The game starts off good and well, you get the horror experience that you'll expect, but the game gets to a point were it's just fustrating and repetitive. The problem is that the game overstays its welcome and it drags on for far too long and loses its scare and horror. The horror that is left is the ""O'god why am I still playing this"" horror. The other terrible thing about this game is the story. This game answers absolutely bloody nothing, you're left with more questions because you get no answers to anything. The only thing that stayed scary throughout the games duration is the school sections.The only positives about this game is its graphical quality, but overall this game overstays its ♥♥♥♥ing welcome and loses it horror half way through, doesn't answer anything or link to the first game. It just becomes a horrible slog to reach then ending,which was ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥ending with you holding a baby and a sun explodes then you turn into little child then pray with girl.EndDon't buy this game, what till it's free or just watch someone play it on youtube"
76561197974708447,Not Recommended,414700,31449449,Posted: 29 April,all,Jady,"I was a huge fan of Outlast #1. But I'm requesting a refund on this.This is just frustrating. It's trial and error to find the correct paths. If you're into stealth-only closed-world games and don't mind repeatedly dying to figure that out... well, have fun.Such a bummer. I was excited about this one."
76561198096029880,Recommended,414700,32111647,Posted: 1 June,all,Deruchi,"Seriously good horror game, quite the shining example for its time. Not even a rely on petty jumpscares, there is thick ambient horror in the atmosphere, and it's fantastic. A wonderful and solid storyline mixed with fantastic and intense gameplay. I absolutely recommend this as a solid pick for a horror game."
,Not Recommended,414700,32027695,Posted: 28 May,all,DarkSpyro420,"More frustrating than it is scary. The plot was nonsense, the AI was terrible and often times unfair, and it has way too much pointless religious stuff, that i was close to puking.The only good things that come to mind were the voice acting and the visuals at some parts.I never got scared, which is saying a lot considering how easily i get scared.Pointless and boring. 2/10"
,Recommended,414700,31387619,Posted: 26 April,all,Mobius,"As a man living in Arizona, I can no longer sleep."
76561198058769604,Recommended,414700,32261122,Posted: 7 June,all,Labby,Great horror atmosphere! If you liked the first one get this!
,Recommended,414700,31967251,Posted: 26 May,all,kiтт€иии,My Poor Heart .............
,Recommended,414700,31645315,Posted: 9 May,all,twentyonefaggets,"Red Barrels, you did it, you freaking did it! This game is an amazingly intense game, beautiful visuals, amazing sound design.I am absolutely loving this game. I haven't finished it yet, but I am lovin' it!Does this game have connections with Outlast 1? Yes it does have connections. It certainly does. Read the comicbooks they released before the game ""Outlast: The Murkoff Account"".Incredibly intense game, it never lets you feel save! Also its soundtrack is just so beautiful!Solid 8/10."
76561198051561558,Recommended,414700,33295144,Posted: 5 July,all,Queen ♕ Krule,"It's awesome, yep!"
,Recommended,414700,35094476,Posted: 20 September,all,Lilith | Moonshi,"Beautiful game <3The story is breathtaking and i think this is one step in the right direction for making horror games.There is a lot out there, loved the game <3"
,Recommended,414700,31483696,Posted: 1 May,all,MikasaSuCasa,Great horror game featuring the Westboro Baptist Church. Play in the dark with headphones on a Friday night for a fun and scary experience. Would recommend. 9/10
,Recommended,414700,31547028,Posted: 4 May,all,WormPUBG,"When I played the 1st Outlast, I was mostly scared but there were some funny parts but also creepy. I wasn't as jumpy. But Outlast 2 made me jump and gave me a full scare effect. Definitely worth it if you want a really good scare. Almost feels like you are playing a movie with the way the game was made."
,Recommended,414700,31366173,Posted: 25 April,all,Mwa jamwé lé kakawo,"EDIT: I don't understand the hate this game is getting, nor the problem with it. What, the story is cryptic? Fortunatly, because a straight story wouldn't the lore friendly univers of Outlast 1 (extended in comic book!).What, it's ""too linear, you just go from point A to B without other choice? Did you played the first game? I love Outlast 1, but Outlast finally offers much open spaces, where you can search for notes, sometimes hard to find, moreover exploring to find batteries and discover secrets about how the people are living.What it's too short, ""I wanted a longer story, uh I don't get the ending""? Are you playing on normal? Maybe it's because the ennemy is too easy to pass you don't fear them anymore? Try insane and we'll see if you can rush the game on first try.I'm♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off! The story is way more intense than in Outlast! The devs tried to take the cons of the first and fix them, and a lot of people are whining becaause they don't play the game right or want a clear story the first time they play! Pls, this game is as good as the first. Try putting aside your auto-""AAA games"" mode off a second and think about what the game has to offer for 27$.Thanks for reading, here's my full review if you want a thought about what the game actually brings us:Best redneck's game ever.A wonderful ambiance, even better as the first one is my opinion. The gameplay is improved and the maniacs are more aggressive than they used to be (psycho mode is gonna end me)tho the setting might be comparable to Resident evil 7, Outlast 2 is making you more and more scared of little noise in the bushes. For the story, even if I didn't finish it right now, it's great. Well-made setup, characters (the main hero is talking like Ethan from RE7, but unlike Ethan he is actually terrified). You're legitimely frightened by the main villain and his ""sidekick"", which replace infamous chris walker from the Asylum.I have two fear: That, like RE7, the setting is going to go from ""nice fear and scares"" to ""pointless jumpscares of the same enemy"", and that the story twist seems a bit weak and easy to guess. I'll edit the review once I passed this challenge, cause the game is very hard indeed: All maniacs now know how to open doors, or chrush them into tiny piece like nothing (unlike previously mentionned chris walker who despite being an enormous mass of muscles and hate has to punch 3 times a wooden door to break it!)Overall, different settings, different enemies, different themes, but always the same fear of the unknown mixed with an exploration madness. Go grab it, Red barrel is incredible and they can take my money along with my respect.I'll finish with a spoiler of Outlast 1Better not be Nazi experiments this time!EDIT: So, I completed the game a hour ago. I must say first that the religious theme is well careed through the game. Unlike some other ""plot is wow and meta"" game, Outlast 2 set questions at the beginning, and answers all of them in the end. It's nice to have a conclusion to every character we meet. Still talking about the ending, which a lot of people found dumb or without purpose, to easy to finish on, well, just compare it with Outlast 1 ending:At the end of Outlast 1, the big reveal is introduce in the last couple of minutes, we discover that the fantom that destroy the asylum is an experiment made by nazi, and we become the next host. The experiment thing is not a twist, it's a theme introduced at the end of the 1st act.Outlast 2 is intriging, way more than it's predecessor, so I was worried of how Red Barrel will conclude this. For me, the end is clear and satisfaying. Predictable? For some parts, yes (with the game constantly making you going through ""flash-back"" in a different place that I won't spoiled) and I just say this is OUTLAST folks. You KNOW for a fact if you played the first that it is not going to end well.Conclusion: I love this game. what R7 should have been, and much more. The game is excellent when it comes to set a dark, muddy mood and expressing the pain of the main character. Some scene are intense, like REALLY intense. The ending fits with the story, and the game makes a connection with Outlast 1 without being to obvious. Is it perfect? No, I'd say that the music is a big letdown. The music in Outlast was terrifying, making you more worried of the situation. The themes are so intense that you remember them long after you finish the game.Here, we have one good theme that I remember, and it's not very good. Plus, even if I wasn't bothered because RB made an increible job with the ambiance...it's not really scary. Like, no. You won't♥♥♥♥♥♥your pants with the final boss.Overall, buy this game if you like very good horror game, a well-written story and creepy settings.But remember, you will get your eyes blown.♥♥♥♥ satanists christians too!"
,Recommended,414700,33594827,Posted: 16 July,all,jarmyrs,"I feel like a lot of people don't recommend the game because the story isn't very good, but that's just not true. What you experience in the game, and what events ocurred outside your sphere of observation, are two very different things. The game is a fast-paced, high adrenaline masterpiece in its own right, but the context of this setting is what makes it truly horrific. If you don't want to have the game spoiled for you, don't read anything below this paragraph.The story begins at some point between 1937 and 1966 ( I know, very specific. ) In this time period, Dr. Rudolph Wernicke moves to the United States from his native country, Germany. He is one of the hundreds of thousands of scientists allowed to live in America as part of Operation Paperclip (Post WW2.) At some point, a company by the name of Murkoff is founded. It is not known who founded it, or what its original purpose was, but it lays the foundation for both Outlast, Outlast: Whistleblower, and Outlast 2.In 1966, a shoemaker living in Albuquerque by the name of Sullivan Knoth becomes the first subject of the experiment known as ""Temple Gate."" He hears static interference over a late night christian radio program, which he believes is God trying to speak to him. In reality, it is the Murkoff Corporation testing the effects of radio waves on the human mind. Murkoff/God tells Knoth that he is to be his next prophet, and instructs him to collect followers and teach them the new word of the Lord. Knoth assembles his group, known as ""The Testament of the New Ezekiel,"" at a woman named Lydia Degan's ranch. After some time, Knoth asks Murkoff/God what he should do about his lust for the women of the Testament. Murkoff/God tells him he may have sex with any of the women in the following. They/he also instructs Knoth to encourage fornication among the people of the Testament. This policy leads to a multitude of home births, resulting in a police investigation. They take 12 of Knoth's followers into custody, but he and some others escape the ranch.In 1967, an insane asylum is opened in Colorado by the name of Mount Massive Asylum. However, it is shut down when an unknown patient kills three scientists. The asylum finally closes in 1971, and a year later, the federal government orders the destruction of all MKULTRA documents. However, some survived in the asylum. This location is where Murkoff conducts Project Walrider several years later.In 1971, Murkoff/God leads the Testament to the Havasupai reservation in Arizona. There, he shows Knoth visions of the coming apocalypse, and of the birth of the antichrist. He promises Knoth that he will be the one to kill the child of the devil, and he will lead his followers into salvation. The Testament begins building a place to live, and in 1975, the town of Temple Gate is completed.Due to the sexual nature of the Testament, Knoth spreads his syphilis to other members of the group. However, he has penicillin, which he uses to hide his condition. He claims that the disease is punishment from God for the sins of the afflicted, and exiles them. They form a separate group called the Scalled, and settle a short distance away from Temple Gate. Knoth also encourages men to breed with their daughters in order to increase the population of the town. Anyone who questions his declarations is killed by Knoth's old friend Marta.After a while, one of Knoth's closest follwers begins to change. Murkoff modifies the radio waves they are sending to this individual, named Val, and he begins to worship the devil. He leads other members of the Testament away from their belief in God, and this group later separates and forms the Heretics. They commit several horrific acts for decades, including♥♥♥♥♥♥ murder, desecration of corpses, necrophilia, and painful infliction of death.Meanwhile, The Scalled fall under the leadership of an individual named Laird. He serves as their representative to Knoth, but adapts his own beliefs and forces them on the rest of the Scalled. He tells them that they will one day be saved by a new messiah, who later turns out to be Blake in Outlast 2. However, he ends up using his power to rule over the Scalled as a tyrant. Part of the reason he does not treat them kindly is because Knoth does not send adequate supplies to the Scalled, and instead tells Laird to enforce his authority. Laird is not reluctant to do so, and this leads to him being widely hated by the Scalled.All of this continues in the valleys of the Havasupai reservation until 2013. This is when Blake and Lynn Langermann crash down in a helicopter, and the events of Outlast 2 take place.Back at Mount Massive, Murkoff reopens the facility in 2009. They begin researching the proposed Morphogenic Engine under the leadership of Dr. Wernicke. For the next four years, patients are abused, tortured, killed, and experimented on by the Murkoff Corporation. This comes to an end when a patient named Billy Hope takes control of the Morphogenic Engine and purges the asylum of the Murkoff employees. However, his psychological problems result in him being unable to tell the difference between patients and researchers, and he ends up killing pretty much anyone he comes across. This continues throughout the events of Outlast and Outlast: Whistleblower."
,Not Recommended,414700,32963155,Posted: 28 June,all,VileMushroom,"TL;DR The visuals and story of this game are absolutely amazing, but the gameplay is♥♥♥♥♥♥and is nothing like Outlast 1.I'm sorry, but.. I have to give this game a thumbsdown. It just really isn't very good gameplay wise, this ruined the game for me. It's not like Outlast 1 at all. Outlast 1 was mostly about sneaking around enemies and finding unique ways to get around enemies, rather than just simply running away from them every time you come across an enemy. Outlast 2 says you need to run, hide, or die; This is not true. Only the run away part is true. If you see an enemy and its after you, you will most likely have no chance to hide because they run as fast as you do and there are very few hiding spots.VISUALS: 8/10:♥♥♥♥ this game is beautiful! Red Berrels really know what they are doing when it comes to creating realistic environments. Everything about the textures and models screams quality, espectially the character models! That creature in the school genuinely scared the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me the first time I saw it chasing after me. I would give this section a 10/10 but there are some things that really do take away from the realism of this game, for instance: The water. While in many places it looks really great, like the river section after the lake. But the water in the lake looks like a thick molasses when it ripples around. Another thing that takes away from the visuals is the lighting, because the game is almost always pitch black and you have to look through the night vision on your camera, it really takes away from everything and ruins what couldve been really amazing environments.STORY: 10/10:This game really payed a lot of attention to its story and I can tell the game was built around this idea for an amazing story. I'm not going to say anything because I don't want to say anything to spoil the game, but the story is very well written and gives the player a lot of questions as to what is going on in this strange world they've found themselves in. It also ties in the main story to this flashback to when the main character you play as was in school and the PTSD he lives with to the tragedy of one of his best friends - Jessica.GAMEPLAY: 2/10:Ugh... Its really bad. Like... REALLY bad. As I said earlier, this game is nothing like Outlast 1 and its stealthy, sneak around enemies to solve puzzles or find an escape. Outlast 2 instead runs on a sort of formula ""OH♥♥♥♥♥♥AN ENEMY! THERE'S NO PLACE TO HIDE! RUN! RUN ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ RUN!"" I know many of you reading this are probably thinking ""So what? Chase scene's are pretty scaring, espectially if what you said is true and enemies run as fast as you"" True.. I'm not saying all these run away sections aren't scary, cause holy ♥♥♥♥ they are! it really gets your heart racing whenever you hear the music get intense as the enemy dashes at you only feet away. The only problem is, they get boring very quickly as you soon realize that the game is filled to the brim with them. There are very few sections that actually have you sneaking around to solve an objective. But here's the cherry on the♥♥♥♥♥♥cake. The game just LOVES to give you next to NO indication of where to go! ESPECTIALLY during the run sections of the game. YOU. CANT. DO.♥♥♥♥♥♥ I found myself purposely getting caught so I can die and reorient myself because you get so turned around during the run away sections. You WILL die a lot in your first playthrough, because at times when you think you could hide, you can't because the enemies are hard coded to track you like a bloodhound until you get to a certain area where they are disabled and 'give up'If you liked the first Outlast, you will enjoy this game. Just be prepared to pull out chunks of hair in frustration as the gameplay drives you to insanity."
,Recommended,414700,31602016,Posted: 7 May,all,pepo #SofiaSquad,"Scariest game I've ever played, 10/10. Worth the price."
76561198057882039,Not Recommended,414700,33326369,Posted: 6 July,all,aurore_b,I've read many negative reviews on Steam but still decided to buy this game during the summer sales.I have to say I couldn't agree more with the bad reviews out there. This game is a letdown after the first Outlast and its DLC.Because of the die & retry mechanic and the frequent hallucinations that take you out of the main story Outlast 2 is neither  scary or interesting. Just frustating and/or boring. I still finished the game (cause I'm a crazy stupid completionist) and got rewarded with a very anti-climatic ending - sad irony considering it's supposed to be the Apocalypse.
,Recommended,414700,35236544,Posted: 26 September,all,Snurgelwaffel,"Great Game! scared me ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.twisted and grim storyline, i prefer this one over Outlast 1"
76561198035583632,Not Recommended,414700,33470758,Posted: 11 July,all,YumyumLover,"The first Outlast game is my all time favorite in the horror genre. Therefore, I probably had high expectations for the sequal when it came out, and sure, the game does shine in certain areas. However, I do not recommend that you buy Outlast II.I will attempt to explain why, I think Outlast II isn't an enjoyable game, even though I really want it to be great.CONS:Horror games depends on the atmosphere to deliver it's experience, and Outlast II takes away that part by designing the levels in a manner that feels linear, if you are used to playing survival horror games. After playing through many encounters, it is easy to find a pattern. The following situation is true in almost any encounter in the game: When the bad guys are chasing you, and you have very little time to react, you might not chose the correct path in a 50/50 situation, and that ends up getting you killed. However, the level design often makes it impossible to salvage your mistake and getting you through the situation, without having to start over. This makes the encounters into trial and error situations, which diminishes the ""horror""-part and becomes tedious for the player. Just to be clear, I completed the game on normal difficulty, which I assume was the setting the developers designed the gameplay around.The story is incomprehensible to almost anyone, not trying to collect 100% of the notes in-game. Don't get me wrong, I actually think the game has a good story in place, if you know where to look. But the story doesn't naturally progress if you simply follow the checkpoints. The original Outlast had a great story that was delivered to the player in a natural manner. The notes and collectibles delivered extra background information, but was not nessecary to understand the entire story. In Outlast II you need to pick up scattered notes around the forest, village and caves, to actually find out what is going on. With a game focused so much by the story to drive you, I find it unacceptable, that this is the way to present the storyline to the player. Even though I myself attempted to collect most of the collectibles, I couldn't piece key parts of the narrative together, because I missed an important note or two throughout my playthrough. This is difficult to avoid, when half the game is running away and trying to survive. Also, the ending is open, with DLC probably coming at a later time with the conclusion. The developers are thereby forcing us to buy it, for us to get the ending of the story, which is a despicable marketing strategy. The original Outlast had a concluding ending in and of itself, with the DLC adding a whole different perspective and a more wholesome ending, after the events to the first part.The healing and bandage mechanic is an annoyance to deal with. It could be succesfully implemented and it makes sense in the setting of the horror genre, however, it adds deeper problems to the gameplay that I feel the need to adress. When you are at low health you cannot run, and when you are healing yourself you have to walk for a few seconds. But you need to heal yourself to be able to run. So it basically means that when you get to low health in the middle of an encounter, you are going to die, which kindda makes the extra health pointless.Also, there are freaking batteries lying around for you to loot everywhere. In the middle of the jungle. An excessive amount. The primitive villagers and cavedwellers really know how to power their devices. Atleast in the original game, there was electronic devices all over the place, so it made sense.PROSThe graphics and the atmosphere at the start of the game is astounding. When you first enter the jungle, it genuenly feels creepy to wander around the outskirts of civilization, while the annoying part of the game hasn't hit you yet. Outlast II also added the sound mechanic to the camera, which actually is a nice addition, and which brings something else to the gameplay. The game actually does extremely well in the ""flashback"" areas of the game, and this is where it truly shines. Instead of following the linear paths of the jungle, you get to explore this creepy school while learning about your past, and the tragic event that occurred there. However, the flashback moments arent void of the trial and error gameplay either, but it felt like a true horror game at times, even more so than the original gameCONCLUSIONOutlast II is a mediocre horror game with huge flaws in both storytelling and gameplay. It does extremely well in few parts of the game, but poorly in the rest. If you are willing to overlook the aforementioned flaws, Outlast II could be a great game experience for you, as it certainly includes the creepy vibes and moments of a great horror game. But if you are a veteran at survival horror games, or a person with little patience, Outlast II will get to your nerves and this probably isn't the game for you."
,Recommended,414700,31388115,Posted: 26 April,all,isaiahere,"For years I thought I've been completely desensitized to gore, sex, horror and violence in video games. Boy, did Outlast 2 prove me wrong.  I dare to say that Outlast 2 carves completely new territory in the field of horror games. I was thoroughly disgusted after being violated by an insane transgender heretic cultist, but even that didn't hold a candle to surviving the syphilis camps. I nearly gagged after having blood infected with super AIDs forced down my throat by a demonic gonorrhea baby and being vomited on by a man whose flesh was rotting off his body from advanced STDs. The chase scenes were also quite intense and challenging. A single wrong turn usually means a monster screaming in your face followed by instant death. I went through tons of trial and error, but it was very satisfying to finally get away. The soundtrack compliments the gameplay and setting perfectly. There's nothing like running from witches and insane farmers as intense percussions and acoustic bass play in the background. The graphics are top notch. Some settings are very close to real life in terms of detail. All in all, Outlast 2 was a very satisfying game to play and the release price of only $30 is refreshing in a day and age where games much worse try to pass off for $60."
,Recommended,414700,31722898,Posted: 13 May,all,Old Testament,Outlast 1 - Fat guyOutlast 2 - Skinny woman8/10 would run in the woods & cornfields
,Recommended,414700,31490598,Posted: 1 May,all,Sla,"System Requirements:A PC with some RAM, a video card, hard disk drive and a defibrillator."
,Recommended,414700,31363453,Posted: 25 April,all,Renaissance Dude,"As expected from Outlast, it has many disturbing scenes and notes. Be sure to read all of them, it makes you understand what kind of a hell hole the whole place is. I really like the story too. Great game, overall. Highly recommend it if you like horror games.PS: Marta is a B*TCH!PS2: My wife got kidnapped that's fine. I had to run for my life many times and that's fine. I've been crucified, that's fine. I've been buried alive that's fine. Some sick dude(Literally, sick) poured his blood into my mouth, that's fine. I got licked by a woman then they knocked me out and that's fine but, if you puke on my jacket, that's a serious problem!"
,Recommended,414700,32043526,Posted: 29 May,all,lel,Masterpiece.
76561198008898901,Recommended,414700,33663954,Posted: 19 July,all,g digital,"Excellent Game.   Considerations:AAA  graphics at a sweet price point--Examples include the level of detail in the environments ie. the dirty water, the various gored bodies, the grass, shadows and the way light reflects off various surfaces, its all here.Convincingly dark and terrifying  horror experience that is well paced, there are some quiet moments, but the tension is always there...Sound quality and music may be the best I have heard in a game. Hard to believe that this level of craftsmenship can occur from such a small team.The gameplay expands upon the original, with incredible chase sequences, at times each section felt like a puzzle game, in that I had to pay attention to subtle clues in the level to figure out how to get past some of these monsters.Mature themes and story, with excellent voice work.Critiques:I wish this game had better enemy models  and  facial animations, but I believe that the budget was spent on the most important elements of the game graphically which are the enviroments and key characters.Highly recommendedPlay at higher difficulties for maximum scares..."
,Recommended,414700,33893204,Posted: 29 July,all,Revolusious,As good as outlast suppose to be.
76561198017887257,Recommended,414700,31363653,Posted: 25 April,all,RogueCammy,"So far I am LOVING it.I really enjoyed the first game and it's DLC, and this sequel just blows it out of the water. Everything has been ramped up gloriously and they've added in a southern-gothic-horror vibe, similar to True Detective and Resident Evil 7.10/10."
76561198234857972,Recommended,414700,31470902,Posted: 30 April,all,Lil Pump,"So, I've seen a lot of negative reviews on this game. And they are completely understandable. However, some things people said are extremely extra and stupid. This game is a great horror game that doesn't just throw jumpscares at you, but places you in a constant state of fear.Pros+Great graphics, and optimaztion.+Great sense of dread and horror.+Very Intense and dark+Much more, play for yourself+Great audio, very authentic and creepyCons-Hiding is sorta broken-You are most likely going to die 5 times or more trying to figure out what to do or where to go, MOST CHECKPOINTS-Enemies are overpowered, even on easiest settingThat's about it, I don't really ever write reviews so let me know if this was helpful or not. I reccomend this game if you liked the first one."
,Not Recommended,414700,31514246,Posted: 2 May,all,Ununoctium,"As many I have been really hyped for this game, so is it worth it?I liked the theme in Outlast 1 a little bit more, but thats bearable. And at first I was pretty happy about this game, since its more challenging than the Prequel, thats what I thought first.There are three things that really grind my gears:- Enemies are either too stupid to find you... lets give an example. I run away from an enemy, he is 2 meters away from me... I duck into the water and he lost me, same thing with a barrel. If you are interested I tried to trick the AI and it was really funny I can talk for hours about this topic, as I have been running for hours in circles closing and opening doors.OR they are like tracking dogs. Being sneaky in high grass with absolutely no lights, I can't see anything, he shouldn't be seeing anything but he comes straight the way to me. Every hiding spot which isn't a barrel or a river is basically useless.- Outlast 1 was somehow a linear game. Outlast 2 is the king of linearity, you basically can't choose a different path. If there are actually two ways you can count yourself lucky, because thats better than following just one path. I really liked the graphics, so I wanted to get on a rock to see the landscape, no chance. Sometimes the character is an athletic and sometimes he can't jump higher than unbelievable 0.5 metres. This makes the game unwillingly funny.(- The most important point: I am currently stuck at a bugged tree.) Thanks to DotS for pointing out that this got a second button for crawling which you didn't need at all in this game but for this particular tree. Didn't really change my opinion on the other two points given.Of course its not all bad, and the atmosphere is very pleasant as Outlast 1, also the music is well done (even if it tells you when to run and when to hide). But those few points listed above overshadow the positive things I can tell you about the game.Hope this review helped someone, I actually don't really know why the reviews are so positive on this game."
,Recommended,414700,31633110,Posted: 8 May,all,Ggthb,"Battery Farming Simulator 2017Jokes aside.Managed to beat the game in ~6 Hours on Nightmare DifficultyA bit less jumpscares then the first game (In my opinion)But graphic aswell as sound improved, making the game absolutly stunning in 1080p 144hzGameplay 8/10Graphic 9/10Sound 9/10Storyline 8/10 but it´s sometimes really confusing when you suddenly wake up and you are back in school...And honestly it would be nice to have a break sometimes instead of getting chased every 10 min after you got chased again.Batterys are a bit scarce in Nightmare difficulty also you run out pretty quickly if you have nightvision and sound enabled so i recommend only use it if you REALLY need it or can´t see anythingOverall 8.5/10 Could use some improvements as a horror game but its alright and worth the money.Btw... the bandages should srsly be fine tuned, only needed like 2-3 in the whole game.Aswel"
,Recommended,414700,32193196,Posted: 4 June,all,Pels,After finishing this game twice (Hard Mode and Normal [To get all Collectables]) I must say.It's better than Outlast 110/10
,Not Recommended,414700,34463846,Posted: 24 August,all,Orgazmo,"Nice picture, cool setting and intriguing plot were put to waste with a detestable gameplay.Whole horror atmosphere is totally blown when you need each time after dozens of deaths find correct way or course of action. In each scene. Nothing from suspence, nothing from fear, nothing from steath, you need just grind multiple times until you perfectly know the position of all enemies and map of the area.So much for the horror game...."
,Not Recommended,414700,31404909,Posted: 27 April,all,dinosauriac,"Goddammit, I was looking forward to this. Anyone hoping for the same tension-filled hide and seek gameplay of the original, with its wonderful creepy atmosphere and intricately designed levels, will be sorely dissappointed. This is a relentlessly linear game that somehow still fails to point you in the right direction, a game that hopes a combination of shock tactics and looking good will paper over its massive gameplay and storytelling shortcomings.The good:-Fairly interesting premise / setting-Impressive graphics, especially since it seems it's Unreal Engine 3-Hiding in cornfields using the directional mic to detect enemies-Some genuinely creepy music, though not as good as OutlastThe bad:-Music is the only genuinely scary part except for jump-scares-Terrible pacing, no buildup, chase scenes up the♥♥♥♥♥-Incompetent, clumsy protagonist-Terrible level design, especially in chases-Awkward first person platforming sections-Rare opportunities for stealth, which is often useless anyway.-Fluid parkour system of the first game feels absent-No alternative but to use nightvision most of the time-The actual plot is almost entirely confined to hidden documentsThe ugly:-Instant kill enemies that have cheating AI and teleport-Steeped in cliches and trying way too hard to offend-There's so much grotesque imagery it just becomes numbingIt was a real slog fighting through to the end of this thing. It's just so contradictory. They introduce the directional microphone and a bunch of new hiding places, and then proceed to offer almost zero situations where you would need them. Hiding or sneaking is seldom neccessary, when unless you run you're dead in seconds. I can think of only 3 scenarios in the entire game where it was actually worth trying to be stealthy, which amounts to maybe 15 minutes of classic Outlast 1 gameplay in the whole experience.I was hoping it'd get better, but all you get are brief flickers of inspiration interspersed with long sections of dashing through darkness or being tortured in first person. A good example are the flashback sections set in the creepy school. These are some of the most interesting parts but are brought down by their insisting you have to do yet another chase sequence with an instant kill enemy. I've rarely seen a game try so hard to scare you and fail so miserably.Fear is slow. Tension comes from buildup. I wanted suspense. Horror. Outlast 2 does not inspire any of these, but excels in frustration and disgust. I feel insulted by this game. I really wish that the glimmers of a decent story were more than just a tease and that the art and music weren't wasted on such a staggeringly misguided, painful to play experience."
,Recommended,414700,31366666,Posted: 25 April,all,Gregorian Hipster,"So I decided to get Outlast 2 since I've heard a lot of great things about the first one and as a review I would like to re-tell the first 40 minutes of my gameplay so far.- Starts of with nothing really scary but it still is kind of scary.- Navigating through an abandoned town (or so it seemed) trying to pull my sh*t togehter that it is nothing scary in this town.- Pulling up my camera and spot an old man with glowing eyes backing away behind a tree.- Runs.- Hears screams behind me but I keep running.- Manage to crawl in to a barn and my hearts beating slowly fades.- Sees a crazy looking lady with a sicle talking about god and sh*t and how I am chosen by god.- Turns off game*.- Says to myself: F*ck.I would say normaly this part would only take about 10 minutes but the atmosphere was so frickin' scary that every time I moved I felt watched, and I was right. Damn that old man scared the crap out of me. Best money spent so far."
,Recommended,414700,33607526,Posted: 17 July,all,ysarts ✔,"Another spooky game? It envolves satanism?JESUS F*CKING CHRIST WHAT THE F*CK?You read that right - besides that I screamed this sentence a quadrillion times while playing this game - it actually in some way involves jesus christ or atleast his angry counterpart Satan itself.The next chapter in the horrible world of Outlast is plot-wise not quite comparable to the first one. 4 years after Outlast 1's launch the second one was finally pumped out by Red Barrels. As a horror-genre fan myself, I was quite hyped for another exciting yet horrible adventure.MORE CRAZY PEOPLE, HOLY SH*T!Similiar to the first part, we are dealing with some really crazy mofos once again in this part. Thankfully we've gotten enough of the horrific asylum atmosphere - but we got hit with some satanic crazy sect in the woods. Which essentially, besides the creepy sounds, location and gameplay-mechanics makes the game so creepy as it is.WHAT ABOUT THE F*CKING GAMEPLAY, MAN?Because I am not far into the game yet, I don't want to talk too much sh*t about the game, but here's what I can tell you: It feels the same. Yep, you heard that right - mechanics still are pretty much identical. But here's the good thing: It doesn't really matter! Even though that the mechanics and the gameplay are almost unchanged from the first one: it's still scary as f*ck.SO, IS IT F*CKING GOOD OR NOT, NOW?The hype built up around the horror-game has been enormous the past few months before it's release day on April 25th. Which naturally means that people have high expectations. And I'll telll you what: They did great! The storyline is once again exciting, diversified and ofcourse creepy as sh*t! If you're into horror games and ready to poop your pants atleast twice per gamehour - what are you still doing here? Go buy it - Outlast 2 is a must-have for all horror-genre fans around the globe."
76561198002733141,Recommended,414700,33910014,Posted: 30 July,all,IDENWIHAM,"Devs took the abstract way on the sequel and not a lot of people like that. I enjoyed the game's grittiness and overall twist and turns the story took.I feel that the devs went the abstract way and tried a bunch of new ideas all at once. Like I said, not a lot of people like that. They don't like change as much or they fear that the change will over-take the feeling of the game itself. I, however, liked the changes to both the gameplay and overall feel and control of the character. The game's new recorder feature is also amazing and adds a whole new dynamic to the lore of the horror that really makes you engauged with the story as a whole. The story itself feels more refined than the last and truly adds a whole other level of immersion into the gameplay.I believe that the game is still true to it's predecessor and adds another layer to the already growing intensity of the gameplay and story itself. The game is more chase-based and you'll find yourself shouting at the computer screen like you would in a horror movie. ""Get the ♥♥♥♥ out of there!"" ""RUN!"" and etc.If you like true horror, a game that you'll ride like a roller coaster and an ending that will have you say ""What"" more than once this game is for you.I'm proud to add this to my collection of horror games that will give me nightmares for years to come."
,Not Recommended,414700,31467619,Posted: 30 April,all,Rohat,"Blake is one stupid character. He gets tired so quickly and this does not let the player to run and hide. Village concept instead of claustrophobic environments makes the game a bit less creepy but being chased by more-than-one people at the same time makes the player's heart beat faster. I didn't get stressed while playing this game as I did in the 1st one. Ecclesiastic, anti-christ and blood/gore contents do make this game ""playable"". I don't recommend though. Not as good as the 1st game. Very disappointed."
76561198177944486,Not Recommended,414700,31551645,Posted: 4 May,all,Hammyjay,"Man. I don't even know if my review will come to light with some people due to the lack of not completing the game, but this game is so underwhelming. I was 30-45min in stuck at the ""1st"" true enemy dying and spawning, dying and spawing, dying and spawning etc. It took the atmosphere completely away. Compared to the 1st Outlast this one doesn't compare(as far as gripping you into the story). I became frustrated way too fast and easy with this one."
,Not Recommended,414700,31535868,Posted: 3 May,all,Epiccodtion,the Game is really scary but it gets boring with the same old thing. get chased do this thing and hide. get chased do this thing and hide.you will only get the full story if u get all the tapes and collectobles. get this game on sale
,Recommended,414700,32063439,Posted: 30 May,all,Lil' Missy,"EDIT: All the reviews saying it's bad are just idiots that suck at games. Just because the game is too hard doesn't make it bad at all. I finished the game in one go. Was it hard? Well, some parts were challenging, but overall it was an enjoyable experience.Great horror game. Equal to, IF not better than the original. The only thing I didn't like about it was the lack of memorable villains, although that doesn't make the game any worse. 10/10. A thrilling, scary and epic ride."
76561197971252326,Not Recommended,414700,34749261,Posted: 4 September,all,spaceman spork,"Ok, now that I've fully beaten it, I can give a more thorough review.Pros:+ High tension: Is this game scary?  Yeah, it makes you dread moving around and doing things in fear of what might transpire and what might see you.  It'll undoubtedly shock you and make you jump.+ Intruiging story: The story is interesting.  I'd describe it as being a cross between Outlast 1 and a Silent Hill game.  I'm a huge fan of Silent Hill so that's a good thing.  It leaves a lot to the imagination which some people might dislike but I enjoy stories like that.Cons:- Scary for cheap reasons: Jump scares.  So many jump scares in this game.  If jump scares aren't your thing, this game isn't for you.- Gameplay: I honestly really dislike the game play of Outlast 2.  The original Amnesia was all about if you saw the monster before he saw you, you stayed hidden until he left the area.  If he saw you, you broke line of sight and found a dark corner to hide in, or a cabinet or something to hide in until it left.  If you shook it off your trail long enough, it'd leave.  Outlast 1 took that idea but made it a lot more stressful by making it harder to hide from enemies because they're just much quicker on spotting you and chasing you.Alien Isolation was interesting in that the Alien was *mostly* controlled by AI, though it was frustratingly b.s. at times to the point you want to tear your hair out.  Aside from those b.s. moments though, the Alien was a fun opponent.  When I originally finished it, the frustrating parts really overshadowed the fun parts, but on later reflection it was like 85% fun, 15% stupid frustrating.That brings us to Outlast 2.  Ugh on the stealth and ugh on the AI.  You see the problem was I just played 2 games with stealth options: Zelda Breath of the Wild and Dishonored 2.  Those had fun stealth elements.  Enemies did their own thing, and if you crouched and walked slowly and stayed out of sight, they just don't see you.The way stealth worked in this game was frustrating.  Crouching in tall weeds didn't do much to increase your stealth.  Running full bore didn't ruin your stealth like it does in Zelda and Dishonored (and pretty much all stealth games). In Outast enemies that don't technically see you LOVE to just happen to walk your direction.  And then you have enemies are also scripted to hangout right by the areas you need to go for maximum ""fear"" effect.What does this mean?  It means several extremely frustrating parts where you have no idea where you're supposed to go but you're supposed to figure it out while an enemy is chasing you.  You pretty much need to know where to go and what sequence of actions to do or you die.  Now sometimes this isn't bad because they make it pretty obvious where to go.  But sometimes it's not obvious which means those of us who are a bit directionally challenged might have to play a part over and over to try to discover the exact sequence of events you have to do.Heck there was this one sequence where a monster appears on top of the stairs.  Chases you.  I tried hiding but it ALWAYS found me.  I looked up a guide and the guide says ""hide in a stall for a few seconds but before it comes run out and past where he used to be"".  If you try that and you hide in the stall too long, he'll come straight for you and you die.  If you exit and run that direction, he's in that path.  I died enough times that somehow when it reset after a death it put me past the enemy.If this doesn't bother you and you like horror games, then you SHOULD definitely get this game.  It's interesting and effective for jump scares.   If you're like me and don't like poor stealth mechanics and frustrating sequences, this game might not be for you."
,Not Recommended,414700,31390346,Posted: 27 April,all,Herbeh,"Nothing like the original. Outlast was already hit or miss with some people but I can't imagine what they were thinking with this game. The environment is bland and linear. There was no characterisation in my 2.6 hours of play (I really hope they make an exception and let me get a refund). Its a walkign simulator.Spoilers I guess from here although I didn't make it farYour character is investigating a murder for some mystery show or somethign with your wife when the helicopter crashes.  You wake up to find the helicopter down a cliff and the corpse of the pilot burnign on a stake. Pretty standard horror trope so far. You then begin walking. That is all you will do from now on.About 20 minutes or so you'll encounter the first enemy who is much like the fat guy who reoccurs from the first game as far as I can tell. Each time I encountered her however she doesn't move until you get into aggro range of her and she starts chasing you, you then have to back track down the hallway you just went throguh because there are no open environments. She changes her patrol of said long hallway to where you hid so there's not a whole lot of puzzle solving with your pathing since she sticks around you anyway.Other enemies are inconsistant where some will aggro as soon as you go by their door and kill you instantly and others never attack at all. At one point you have to start a generator so I tried to find any path I could to get around a woman who was preaching in the middle of the outdoor hallway I was in only to find 15 minutes later she doesn't aggro and you just walk past her in kissing distance. After you start the generator she pops behind you, insta kills you and when the game reloads she's at the bottom of the stairs you have to go through and doesn't aggro again. This inconsistancy is EXTREMELY frustrating and immersion breaking since the best way to get through areas will most likely be to dash through them to even find out who wants to attack.The only thing I learned in almost 3 hours was that there's a cult with 2 views, my wife is pregnant and we had a childhood friend who killed herself. I learned more in the first 30 minutes of RE7, which might have a bigger budget, but story is probably the cheapest part of a game.If you want a horror game get somethign better. Even SOMA is better as a walking simulator than this game.Legit 2/10 game. Absolute garbage"
,Not Recommended,414700,31462737,Posted: 30 April,all,ChipWhitehouse,"I can HONESTELY say this is one of the worst games I have ever played. It went on way too long and 90% of it felt unnecessary. Not enough jump scares and I was extremely bored. I was going to stop playing during the first hour but decided I paid for it and I might as well try and finish it. I regret that decision. Took me about 10 hours and I think I would have rather had my teeth pulled. I loved Outlast 1... I hated 2. I definitely do NOT recommend buying this game. Skip it. BORING, cliche, and not scary. I'm so disappointed..."
,Recommended,414700,31882553,Posted: 21 May,all,Leelaw,"This sequel has many improvements interms of gameplay. Better graphics from before and fantastic sound effects that will keep you paranoid the whole game. The scare factor has improve a lot, they tried to sinked in all possible phobias and fear scenarios. But at the end, it still depends on one's perspective how scary this game is. Overall, a great traumatic experience."
,Recommended,414700,31361266,Posted: 25 April,all,"Magic ""The Don"" donutman",Good amount of spook for the price. Certainly worth the while to check this game out. Headphones and dark lighting for best effect.
,Not Recommended,414700,31461550,Posted: 30 April,all,Cay ҉;,"DisappointingWarning for mild and not to mild, buttagged, spoilersTL:DR at the bottomAs someone who thoroughly enjoyed the first Outlast and Whistleblower, I was pretty disappointed with the second installment of the franchise. While it retains some elements we remember from the first game, it just doesn't feelright.Instead of focusing on stealth to bypass enemies, you'll be better served just running 9/10 times. The most common way you learn how to progress in the game is by running and dying repeatedly, which pulls you right out of the horror every time. That and a few encounters,with Martha, the pickaxe lady, feel extremely ""gamey"", AKA loop the enemies around something, go interact with the item until they catch up, rinse and repeat. The puzzles are also very simplistic and usually boil down to easily solvable ""push a thing around"" puzzles.Speaking of enemies, the major antagonists in this game are very forgettable and you barely interact with them throughout the game.Sullivan Knoth physically shows up a whoppingtwotimes throughout theentiregame, both in 5 minute cutscenes with no player interaction besides just talking.However, the most unforgivable error this game makes, is the tendency to leave all the explanations to what's actually happening in notes you have to search hard to find. I'm a big fan of show, not tell, and the fact that so many of the scenes you'll have no idea what's going on unless you find that one note explaining it is just poor game design, imo. It makes you feel like you're walking around a museum reading plaques, an observer standing outside the action, rather than feeling like a part of the world.If you don't find a very specific note, or record at a specific point in the game and review the footage, you'll have no idea why everything is happening. MAJOR SPOILER:The white light being a radio tower built by murkoff to test mind control, giving people hallucinations that worsen the longer they're exposed, which is why everyone thinks the world is ending, get obsessed with their ""sins"", and you wife suddenly getting 9 months pregnant in the span of a few days. Also, why did we never actually go to the tower? Smells like DLC bait to me.The game isn't all bad though. It looks beautiful, the sound is very good for atmosphere, and I like how the camcorder is actually used for recording and not just a flashlight substitute. They did a good job of making the inventory system, and ""codex"" feel immersive too. It's a nice little detail that the protags clothing gets progressively more ripped up throughout the game, too.TL:DRI would recommend it on sale. It's a nice enough game, it's just nowhere near the horror experience the first Outlast offered. find and read all notes and record everything to actually feel immersed in the world, because the game sure as♥♥♥♥♥♥doesn't do it through regular progression."
76561198214848400,Recommended,414700,31477813,Posted: 30 April,all,Djibouti Viking,"Pros-Graphics, story, protagonist, semi-open areas, very well optimized for PC (ran EXTREMELY well on high settings for my 4 year old PC)Cons-Super dark as in gamma dark, some of the effects on the camera are jarring as hell, trial and error sections during some parts of the game can be frustrating.Now, I never played the first Outlast so I don't have much to compare this to besides a few other horror games that I have been through. I know many people are complaining about the quicktime events as well as the trial and error nature of many sections of this game. While the trial and error sections can be frustrating, it is not like they are impossible. The quicktime events were simple and far enough apart that I rarely even noticed them. When all is said and done, I actually enjoyed this game more than I originally thought I would. I would recommend this to anyone that enjoys horror, religious killings/cults, or someone looking to burn 8-10 hours on an above average game with some intense chase sequences and jump scares."
76561198127464296,Not Recommended,414700,31455517,Posted: 29 April,all,Mr Pineapple,no
76561197984540774,Recommended,414700,31364385,Posted: 25 April,all,McLovin,Writing a review while i'm sitting in a barrel cause i won't come out
,Recommended,414700,31414228,Posted: 28 April,all,Cardstarvipe,10/10 game horror game.First 30 minutes of the game-You crash go look for this ♥♥♥♥♥ u work with while he could easily escape and avoid all this♥♥♥♥♥♥-Find a crazy voodoo women-See's crazy voodoo women-Go's inside house-Voodoo women comes inside and kills you.*Restart*-U get passed Voodoo women-Crazy farmers with machetes try and kill you and succeed in doing so*Exit's Game*Make a refund request
76561197971417681,Recommended,414700,31443646,Posted: 29 April,all,Anacro,"Some stuff I liked, some I didn't, but overall it was ok."
,Not Recommended,414700,31470690,Posted: 30 April,all,bessell,Outlast 1 was sickthis one costs more and isn't great at allget in a saleor just buy the first one insteadrefund worked
,Recommended,414700,32238198,Posted: 7 June,all,房东的猫,"There is no such thing as right or wrong in faith, but Outlast 2 shows us that the most terrible thing is that the believers do not distinguish right or wrong about their actions."
,Not Recommended,414700,31990757,Posted: 27 May,all,Spagoot,"The game starts with really great tension, but that's until you meet the first villain and see a really cool death animation. After that, you respawn, rinse, and repeat. The game's scary themes fall flat after your first death in an area, because after that you just practice new running paths until you get it right. It feels more like a video game than a horror story."
,Not Recommended,414700,31916274,Posted: 23 May,all,Eggerd,"I am currently near the entrance to the mines, but I will not finish the game. Not because it's to scary or something, but rather because I am exhausted from all that running.At the beginning everything feels like back in the first Outlast, but then the endless chases begin. A bunch of farmers suddenly knows that you're in that building, or they just appear out of thin air. And in this moments, the only thing that helps to get past these guys is to run!And most of the time you might die a lot, because you have to run into unknown terain and have absolutely no idea where to go. It's just that the game kinda fails to let you know where you have to go, especially in hectic situations like a chase. Thus, it mostly comes to try-and-error..And this becomes really repetetive! You will be chased, then you get two minutes of rest until the next chase suddenly begins.There are of course some positive points as well, like the graphics and the overall atmosphere of the environment, but they simply don't outweigh the gameplay."
,Not Recommended,414700,31413899,Posted: 28 April,all,Isemat,Outlast 2 was on my radar ever since it was announced. Being a fan of the first one I got big expectations for its sequel. It is a great looking game with a decent story that unfortunately stumbles upon very stupid design choices and gimmicks without improving on the first one. Every time the game takes one step forward in terms of the story and design it takes two steps back.The environments and the enemies are for the most part uninspiring and the camera gimmick has gotten extremely stale.I would recommend to get this game only if you were a big fan of the first one or it is on sale.
,Not Recommended,414700,35052861,Posted: 18 September,all,Itama,"It's not nearly as good as the first one, which i loved.Outlast 2's graphics are reallly good, i stopped sometimes just to look at game, how beautyful it was...but!... BUT!!!!!! The Gameplay is seriously, just annoying and boring!You often have to run from your enemies in chase sequences and have to trial and error your way out of the situation.I got lucky to find the way most of the time the first shot, but don't count on that!These parts are annoying and confusing and i bet, it can get really frustrating, if you have no idea, where to go!Then the enemies. Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥That one big and dangerous Miss ""whatever"" who, it seems like, can see you through walls and theareas are not even properly made for those encounters with her.It's not scary when she chases you, it's just like, you can't escape, but you have to do some tasks but you can't because that Girl won't go away and you can't hide, you can't outrun, but you still run and run and run, until she bugs out and disappears or something like that happened.Then there are the pawns or whatever they are. Reminds me of Pitchfork peasons, not scary at all.Seriously, the main part of the game, i wasn't even scared once, just annoyed, or maybe disgusted at the very most, because of the highly detailed Ultra HD Textured Diarrhea and♥♥♥♥♥♥Wieners, that are laying around. Yes, that's a thing in this game. Sums up the situation perfectly.Then there is the dream part, i call it like that.That one, i have to say got a good atmosphere, and it's actually scary.Those parts are really good, but other than that, this game don't even come CLOSE the the masterpiece,Outlast 1 had been.I didn't even played the game till the end. I quit after i a while. But i know the ending, I looked it up on youtube, what was coming, that i missed...yeah, i'm glad i quitted.Save your money, watch a let's play or something. In my opinion, it's not worth it buying this game.I regret it, and yes, this is my first negative review. Congratulations Outlast 2, you did it *clap* *clap*... well, at least the visuals are good.."
76561198081552392,Not Recommended,414700,33454398,Posted: 11 July,all,alexkhvorov,"It's nightvision green most of the time. Erratic gameplay that forces to guess ""Where to go next"" every 5 minutes. Alan Wake conveys same rural ""Night of the Axe"" theme much more precise. So no stars here, Red Barrels ("
76561197970366219,Not Recommended,414700,31712638,Posted: 12 May,all,xerxes4242,"This game was really not what I was expecting.  The hiding and evading aspects are almost totally gone, replaced by frantic chase scenes where you die repeatedly as you try to figure out the one, exact place the dev wants you to go to escape.The empty school flashbacks were far creepier than the core game, which quickly turned into a frustration simulator.  Also key parts of the story were hidden way off the beaten path.  Usually I enjoy exploration but not here.Finally, so much of this game is linear and scripted that it has no replay value at all.  I've seen it.  Too heavy on the shock value, not heavy enough on actual dread."
76561198158298442,Recommended,414700,31434765,Posted: 29 April,all,Flatwhite,haha
,Not Recommended,414700,31732134,Posted: 13 May,all,twitch.tv/djslate,"Even though it kept me playing for the duration of the game, I cannot recommend this. The problem with this game besides the inflated price is the pacing. Especially in comparison to the first Outlast. The first one kept you tense and you had that sensation of being constantly scared whereas this was slow and sluggish and wasn't really scary at all. Creepy yes, Scary not at all. The story was also not fluid even though you could tell where they were trying to go with the plot.All in all 6 hours of playtime for 30 bucks and being bored through it isn't worth it"
,Not Recommended,414700,31987970,Posted: 26 May,all,Niscimble,"This game is actually really terrible.  There is a chase scene every 2 seconds, and the enemies always magically know exactly where you are.  There is no tension, only chasing.  It does an awful job explaining what it is that you're supposed to be doing, probably because you are always too busy being chased.  It would be nice to be able to get some of the story, but I'm too busy constantly running away.  I don't know why they chose to go that route, but they made a huge mistake.Absolutely do not recommend"
,Not Recommended,414700,31469503,Posted: 30 April,all,S1LV3RW01F,"Rating: 6/10Pros : Nice graphics, artstyle, atmosphere, enemiesCons : Weak story with weak ending AND gameplay which is infuriating at many times and sucks you out of the horror aspect of the gameStarts of strong. So much promise. Gets a bit weak in middle. Ending is disappointing. The DLC will probably tie up the story, which it shouldn't have to. The DLC (like whistle blower) could've been a parallel extension to the storyRESULT: Meh game. Buy it and it's DLC both at SALE."
76561198028028027,Not Recommended,414700,31479176,Posted: 30 April,all,Immemorable_Moniker,"Outlast 2 is a huge disapppointment.  Red Barrels seems to have forgotten what made Outlast 1 + Whistleblower great.  This game is just cheap gore porn peppered with tired jumpscares.The gameplay is immensely frustrating.  I don't mind dying in a game when I make a mistake - dying is a punishment.  Outlast 2 will kill you for no reason.  The game does an awful job telling you where to go, and then punishes you for it.  Even on the easiest mode, enemies are absolutely brutal and will trap you in choke points before killing you in 1-2 hits.  The level design is incredibly repetitive.  Oh, an enemy spawned in my way?  I better back track to a circular path and play ring around the rosie so I can move forward!  Again!  Between the constant unfair deaths and the repetitive chases, I very quickly stopped caring about the game.  I saw it through to the end, and it didn't get better.  Sure, it explained the school flashbacks, but nothing to do with why the enemies are the way they are.  I'm also not sure what to make of the supernatural elements.  They're just things that happened, I guess.  I'm still not sure how many different factions there were, either.  The worst part about that is: I don't much care to find out.The story wants to be interesting, but just isn't.  It references christianity a lot, but who cares?  There are no interesting characters.  I never cared about Lynn, the person who is supposed to motivate the player character to move forward.Red Barrels lost my fandom with this embarassing follow-up to one of the best horror games of all time."
76561198007788074,Not Recommended,414700,32223190,Posted: 6 June,all,Eru,"Terrible game.   Really sad after the brilliance of the first OutlastIt looks beautiful. Graphics are good, subject is interesting.Game play is total failure. After dying 3 dozen times you will realize, that hiding is useless.As soon as you understand the game mecanics you will simply run!. Run in any random direction until you find the scripted right path, and finish everything in a speed run.The School part is trully Harrowing. Evidence that it could had been great if they only took the lessons from the first.Dont buy this. Buy the first one. Specially the DLC for the first one. Still get Goosebumps when I think about the DLC."
76561197992793681,Not Recommended,414700,31669246,Posted: 10 May,all,Swong,"What's fun about Outlast 2 is that it's beautifully grotesque, and the world the protagonist is thrown into seems thoroughly developed and terrifying.That said, the game is also deeply un-fun. This is primarily because it plays mostly like a movie with near constant interruptions. It's so easy to die, and hardly anything can be done to prevent it other than reloading, and reloading, and reloading so that you can find that one barrel to hide in. It's not inherently wrong to make a player incapable of fighting (and thus create a less ""interactive"" experience and more of a voyeuristic experience), but then you either have to give them other, signficant ways for them to continue playing, or at least provide enough interesting content to keep them engaged.This is what Outlast 2 fails to do: the result is a frustratingly beautiful game made unplayable. Implicit in my above points is the unfortunate fact that no lowering of the difficulty will make this game more fun (unless they make it impossible to die). Regardless of how many hits you can take, the player's abilities are too limited to give them any agency. Importantly, this worked in games like PT (which Outlast 2 seems to be evincing) because PT was short. There is about fifteen minutes of gameplay, so dying a couple times on the way is acceptable. Outlast 2 is a much bigger storyworld/plot, and the developers seemed to forget this when transplanting the PT gameplay to a longer format.Unfortunately can't recommend anyone buy this."
76561198077912265,Not Recommended,414700,34563032,Posted: 28 August,all,Cuphead,You guys remember when Charlie and Frank talked about playing nightcrawlers? Well add religion to that and you have outlaast 2.
,Recommended,414700,31739434,Posted: 13 May,all,ebu,Good
,Not Recommended,414700,31843836,Posted: 19 May,all,Spook,"As a big horror game fan who loved the first Outlast & Whistleblower DLC, this game is a huge downgrade when it comes to gameplay. The atmosphere and visuals are fantastic, however, the experience as a whole is ruined by omniscient enemies who always seem to know where you're hiding, frustrating trial and error gameplay with too many instant deaths, and unclear level design that traps you with invisible walls and random locked doors. I feel like I have to force myself to play through the game rather than get immersed in it and experience the story and environment as intended. Disappointing."
,Recommended,414700,31359536,Posted: 25 April,all,David T.,"My pants are ready for this game ...Sike , i was so wrong . Excuse me but ermm... i have to take my third pant to the laundry services. 12/10 will s*** in my pants again."
,Not Recommended,414700,31411469,Posted: 28 April,all,Lord Snark,"I could not Outlast this game.I sure do love running endlessly.Honestly, there were particular sections of the game (school sections) that were horrifying, but within seconds you end up in another chase scene again. Which is all the game is."
,Recommended,414700,31463411,Posted: 30 April,all,EvilApple,Another masterpiece by Red Barrels.
,Not Recommended,414700,31467152,Posted: 30 April,all,Outsid'R,"After the first episode + dlc, this is a comedy, a joke, a biblical ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. A little bit better graphics nothing more. A few jumpscare, brutality zero and they were advertised diapers? :D c'mon.... I am more scared while waitin in ranked games qeue to be placed with 4-5 random ppl...My hype was huge for Outlsat 2 as my disappointment 2."
,Not Recommended,414700,31661651,Posted: 10 May,all,O_____O?,"It dosent make sense.U are playing as a strong man and going to rescure ur wifuEnemies are usually just farmers and their familyWeapons around uClimable walls around uLow down ur body make iron bridge easy to passetc.BUT U ALWAYS GO THE HARDER WAYrun away from everyone, left weapons behind, cant jump or climb cross fenses and walls, stand straight to cross a high bridge with strong wind, unbreakable glasses.....the best part is in school, 10/10but rest of them really let me down, perfer OUtlast 1"
76561198285017709,Not Recommended,414700,33705318,Posted: 21 July,all,Mortalitydx,"I absolutely loved Outlast. Outlast 2 ... I just cannot get into it no matter how hard I try. Nothing is difficult about it, The game just keeps failing to pull me in. I get bored and shut it off. It isn't scary, the story line so far is choppy and just not very well developed, most of the ideas I have seen are simple horror Tropes. The ""scares"" so far just aren't scary.I really wanted to love this game, but I barley even like it. I guess the redeaming quality is that the controls are very well done."
,Recommended,414700,31374917,Posted: 26 April,all,♛ Dionysus | Bosphorus ✪,"+ 135 fps GTX 970 max settings 1440p 👉 AAA developers 👈 omg, take note! These guys know how to optimize 👍+ West Baptist Church The Simulator 2017 👍+ The game looks amazing. Graphics looks better 👍+ New mechanics of interaction with the camera, bandages and batteries. It looks really cool 👍+ Deep story 👍+ The atmosphere became even more frightening 👍So, what're you waiting for?"
,Not Recommended,414700,31379146,Posted: 26 April,all,Krusti clawn,"Oh boy...Let me start by saying this. I played the first Outlast and the whistleblower DLC and, well I didin't love them, but they were pretty good.This game, however is a different story.I enjoyed Amnesia: The Dark Descent, Penumbra and even, like I said, the first Outlast, because of the pacing and contrast. First I was scared, then I entered a more calm area and could catch my breath. Then back to the horror again.Outlast 2 don't have that. Horror, horror, horror, horror all the way. You know what happens when the enemies are everywhere, and chase scenes are added constantly? It gets annoying, repetitive and frustrating. Not to mention the god aweful chores I can't complete without being constantly attacked by the non-stopping enemies.The story itself has very weak character development. It's hard for me to care about someone right from the get-go when I don't know the character at all. That's exactly what it is though. I have to save my female colleague (yet another damsel in distress. Go ♥♥♥♥ing figure. I'm not an SJW, it's just that this plot is so incredibly cliché at this point) pretty much from the start of the game, without knowing her at all. That's no good motivation for me.Level design gets repetitive fast, and the ""hub areas"" many other horror games, including the first Outlast have (a bit of at least), is nowhere to be found. It's very linear constantly. One major criticism I had for the original Outlast was the ridiculous scripting. Example: There is no one behind me. I then move 2 cm. Bam, enemie is right behind me. Outlast 2 is the same. No enemies nearby. I move 1 cm further, touching the invisible trigger. Bam! Town filled with enemies. Oh what's that, I have to escape the barn by walking on this legde? Well, thank god the enemies are downstairs and can't catch me *Moves 1 cm* and enemie is upstairs, pulled the chain and hit me with the corpse, making the protagonist fall down, ofcourse. Oh thank god I found the exit, and the enemie is very far away *moves closer to exit* aaaaand chase scene, despite the enemie being very ♥♥♥♥ing far away and couldn't possibly see me.Oh yeah, and one last thing. The batteries lasts for like 2 minutes o_o. Why? I get it, it adds to the tension this game desperatly needs, except that they are doing it all wrong in my opinion. This further adds to the frustration. I don't believe for one second, that a battery is used up in 2 minutes, even if your camera is crap. It would be so much better if they instead made batteries harder to find, but made the battery life longer. This is just like the games with weapon durability and the weapons break after 4 hits. Please, developers, stop doing this.I can recommand this game if you love to be in constant danger and extreme pressure. That's about it though. Can't recommand it to people that enjoyed the first Outlast, because I did as well and I don't like Outlast 2 at all. I can also not recommand this game to horror fans because there is almost no tension at all in this game. Only frustration.3/10 - Bad"
76561198047935332,Recommended,414700,31361943,Posted: 25 April,all,Akarou De Voiture,"My playtime is the time i spend under a table in game because i saw a freaking crowOtherwise, this game is just made for scare you, the story is a total mind♥♥♥♥, The first game was horribly amazing, This one is just horrible, run, hide, people talking, run, hide, people talking.And i didnt talk about IA, THEY LOOK AT YOU, THEY SAW YOU, But .. Do nothing until you get out from a bush.Buts its a good game, if you are crazy and love christanism"
,Recommended,414700,31520842,Posted: 3 May,all,Spexxkri Shwrapcheff,Red Barrels well done i bloody good game you lads have made this time you guys should pat yourselfs on the back. that was worth 30 doller of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ myself :D thxs for this game Red Barrels keep making games plz :D
,Not Recommended,414700,31421123,Posted: 28 April,all,Reeses Puffs,"This is basically just Outlast 1, but worse. The only tense and good parts are when you are in the school. The rest is either boring or just chase simulator 2017. Go play Cry of Fear, its free, and its so much better than this♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,414700,31735346,Posted: 13 May,all,usmwilliams,"This isn't outlast, it's a horror game with outlast 2 as its title, has nothing to do with the first one, and after awhile it just isnt scary anymore, if i could refund i would because the price i paid for it was too much for what they gave,  good game, just not worth the price!"
76561198369927151,Not Recommended,414700,34419728,Posted: 22 August,all,YoungMessy,Not as great as the first Outlast. Seems like i am just along for the ride and not really playing. Storyline at the moment is dull
76561198108639586,Recommended,414700,31355761,Posted: 25 April,all,Hydrozen,I'm still shaking...
,Not Recommended,414700,31429747,Posted: 28 April,all,Kuri,"It's disappointing, the setting is decent but the game shoves you into the thick of it way too soon and leaves no breathing room. The stealth is non existent and the ai sucks in terms of knowing where you are constantly even in the dark.The flashback portions were interesting until they littered it with cheap jumpscares and a random enemy that chases you around.The story and characters are just bland. It felt like you acomplished literally nothing."
76561198122497647,Not Recommended,414700,31707635,Posted: 12 May,all,Dart,"Pros :1) Great Soundtrack2) Great GraphicsCons :1) Story is very confusing2) Characters are Bland3) Not much of a Survival game as it is a Running Simulator4) Focuses more on Gore and Blood more than Scary and Shock value ( and yes I know it may have 1 or 2 shocking scenes but thats all)5) The Ending...............That ♥♥♥♥ING ENDINGTo be honest, even though I like playing the game I personally recommend buying the first Outlast game. It has a much better story and is a lot more scary than Outlast 2."
76561198095693718,Recommended,414700,31406455,Posted: 27 April,all,AzzMuncher420,"I’ve got the joy, joy, joy, joyDown in my heart (Where?)Down in my heart! (Where?)Down in my heart!I’ve got the joy, joy, joy, joy Down in my heartDown in my heart to stay.And I’m so happySo very happyI’ve got the love of Jesus in my heartAnd I’m so happy So very happyI’ve got the love of Jesus in my heart.I’ve got the love of Jesus,love of Jesus Down in my heart (Where?)Down in my heart! (Where?)Down in my heart!I’ve got the love of Jesus,love of Jesus Down in my heart (Where?)Down in my heart to stay."
,Not Recommended,414700,32355521,Posted: 11 June,all,bgcentrs (FunFaceTV),"Story = 0, gameplay = 0, graphics = 8, sounds = 7. In total  = RunningMarathonDontKnowWhereToGoThenDie simulator. Dont buy. Play better games for that price. Buy Resident Evil 7 bro."
,Not Recommended,414700,31374563,Posted: 26 April,all,✪ m1ke,"First i'll start by saying that this is my own personal opinion and nothing more, also this review will contain SPOILERS so if you don't want any, please stop reading now.I will start by saying that i loved the first Outlast and its DLC Whistleblower to death and i called them the best horror games to be ever created or if not the best, in top 5, but this sequel is absolute garbage in too many ways. I don't know if the dissapointment i feel right now is because i waited for this game for like 2 years or that i loved the first game so much, but i really wish i refunded it. The game is too repetitive and boring after like 1/4 or max 2/4 of the game. The plot is boring and confusing that i couldn't understand a single thing. Why were those guys in the woods for no reason, why were these country sides there for no reason when this place was MILES AWAY from any kind of civilazation and more and more things that maybe i'll talk about later, but the thing that annoyed me the most were those GOD DAMN FLASHBACKS to the primary school. Those flashbacks aren't realeated at all to the main story and don't even make sense, they are just some waste battery areas and confusing things. I will admit that those moments were scarier than the actual main story where you were just hiding in the woods or running, but they didn't make any sense. Please Red Barrels, tell me what's the idea with this 2nd back story? Was that ♥♥♥♥ing priest from the school a pedophile or something or what the h**l? And when we talk about the main story again, it really doesn't make sense. Seriously, these guys are some brain washed reta*ds, who belive in the sayings of a Priest who is even more re***ded. I really tried to collect all the documents and recordings to understand everything about all the characthers that are important or at least appear more than once, but i really couldn't understand anything. And the ending is just straight up bul♥♥♥♥♥♥The gameplay received some more mechanics than the original Outlast, but in this game i didn't feel the tension and the feeling of being scared at all. The game doesn't let you to explore at all, it's straight linear from point A to point B and when there is a little exploration you will find your self stuck because you can't find the way back. The game just feels like a running simulator and another thing that really annoyed me are the enemies, especially that satanist witch girl. THAT GIRL HAS F****ING WALLHACKS AND RADAR, how in the world can that girl see me from meters away, in the BIG♥♥♥♥♥CLOUD OF FOG and darkness, behind a wall and without the cam cord night vision on and not making any noise, f***ing prefering me every single time.  Besides that how i said the game becomes really boring after the first half, becoming really repetitive and the imersion between the real world and the main characther flashbacks are just♥♥♥♥♥♥ Right now you are chased by some enemies and right after that you are back in the primary school, yay... And most of the time your main objecive is on that way the enemies are coming from, such a cliche and♥♥♥♥♥♥idea, also repetitive all over the game. If you find your way stuck just go on the way enemies are coming from.The only good thing about this game are the graphics, really nice lookin game i'll have to say, good optimization and good sound design, even tho the voice acting seems kinda bad most of the time. But the gorgeous graphics won't make a game good if the story and gameplay aren't as good.In the conclusion, i would recommend this game only for those who really loved the first game and want to play this for them selfs, otherwise ignore it or wait and pick it when it's on sale for 50% or more. I know this review will probably be buried in all the others, but i just wanted to share with you my experience with this game."
76561198112579330,Not Recommended,414700,31406370,Posted: 27 April,all,Red Dragon-tastic,"Honestly after a few hours I had to get a refund while I could. And honestly what I got to complain about is what everyone else did who disliked the game too.Honestly I think there was too much hype and still is given the excessive positive reviews. This doesn't feel like an Outlast game. It IS a good game. But DOESN'T feel like an Outlast game and is downright f'ing annoying to play.I beat the original Outlast and the Whistleblower DLC on Insane mode (where there's no saves and if you die any point in the game you automatically restart to the very beginning). I tell y' what that was at times frustrating but this game is nothing but annoying compared. It loses it's scare factor quick and as many others pointed out it's nothing but a trial and error game. This feels more like the failing Resident Evil franchise.The NPCs are kinda lowkey stupid. The first game they weren't that smart either but it was a lot more terrifying to be chased and being hunted for. This game I'm not on edge at all and just play casually rather ""..."" like any normal game. The fun factor vanishes, and the purpose of it being a horror game in general. The trial and error ruins the experience the most.Graphics were beautiful; however. And do love the reviewing of recordings. Also think the healing factor was a neat idea however kinda unused.Y'know I yapped enough with my refund and will just stop here though.My game score: 4/10"
,Recommended,414700,31541746,Posted: 4 May,all,MAST,-The atmosphere in this game is very scary-Battery in this Outast 2 is drain faster than the first one-Some ♥♥♥♥up religion cult-The ending is wtf-Need DLC-8.5/10
76561198168188490,Recommended,414700,32997428,Posted: 29 June,all,II Kosmos II,Nope.
76561198002488519,Not Recommended,414700,31465001,Posted: 30 April,all,BadBot,"I have mixed thoughts on Outlast 2.On one hand I made it to the end, on easy after being murdered over 100 times…  On the other it wasn’t as an enjoyable of an experience as the first Outlast was.When you are getting chased you must run! But navigating the terrain of this mostly outdoor environment became more frustrating than scary at times.I was constantly getting killed then having to re attempting to navigate to safety.There are many ledges u can climb to escape but also similar ledges of the same height that you cannot clime, Places that you need to crawl through are sometimes not easily found, what feels like a maze when your are running though some village or forested areas.It’s a similar story to smaller items, flipped school desks for example. You know you could jump over, climb over or go between them in real life but you cannot, forcing you to find the opening around them. This Lead to many of my deaths as time is important when escaping enemies.And for my final negative point the ending was not that great. Without spoiling anything all I will say that Outlast one had a much more explained and interesting ending while Outlast 2 left me disappointed.I don't recommend buying Outlast 2 at full Price,Wait for it to go on sale."
,Recommended,414700,33232545,Posted: 4 July,all,Peace,"Some people complaining about too much chase sequences...First dont get me wrong i really love the first outlast is no doubt one of the best indie game out there.Okay lets make it short#Outlast 1: you stuck at this place (Mount Massive Asylum) and you have to go out.#Outlast 2:From the crash site of helicopter you MUST find your wife so its like a journey kinda.From here you have to go there. (dont read the spoiler text if you havent play it, im just afraid is spoiler to you)a course Outlast 2 have much more chase sequences because you have to keep going.Any way the game is really fun, i really enjoy it.Story is good,and the ending is questionable (like Outlast 1) perhaps 10$ DLC will explain it all? who knows.Now it's have an inventory management. And not forget to mention you can heal in this one.You can review your footage now.Overall really recomended, if you not into horror genre maybe you will after you played it.9/10"
,Recommended,414700,33265546,Posted: 5 July,all,SMh,"Got this game the day it came out, bearly reviewing it now~Dunno why everyone is complaining about the gamejust ""running away from enemies"" when the developers themselves stated that this sequel was gonna be a ♥♥♥♥ing marathon, it excels on scarying you and having that fear factor.Everything productionwise is excellent like the environment, sound and graphics, it all stands out.Although I genuinely enjoyed the original Outlast + DLC much more, it feels more atmospheric.Something from the first game is missing in this one, maybe it's the fact that vast mayority of the enemies you'll encounter are hillbillies and rednecks and there is so little that ties Outlast 1 + 2 together.That being said, it's a hell of a horror game give it a try."
76561198163330157,Recommended,414700,33227862,Posted: 4 July,all,SleepiFox,Horror lovers need this
,Not Recommended,414700,32159532,Posted: 3 June,all,KVZ Gaming HD,"The game has some mayor flaws, both in its level design, as well as in its gameplay mechanics. There's no stealh system or whatsoever, and you will find yourself inside a trial-and-error frustrating loop. The game is poorly developed and delivers broken gameplay almost all the time. This product should not be paid at all, since it's plagued with the developer's negligence. Not worth your money at all, even for a minimum fee. Take my advice and don't waste your time and money. You won't regret giving this game a HUGE pass."
76561198085096604,Recommended,414700,31424529,Posted: 28 April,all,Preußen,"Fantastic horror game, i recommend you play in the dark for best effect."
,Recommended,414700,31744598,Posted: 14 May,all,Zugzwang ❣ Ziix,"Thumbs up just so you think this game is worth playing. It's not. The disappointment from the story is equally horrifying as the game intends to be.10/10 - If there's trap music, there's this Trap game."
,Recommended,414700,32185128,Posted: 4 June,all,Drunkidle,VERY SCARY I GOT SCARED LIKE ONE TIME
,Recommended,414700,31407132,Posted: 27 April,all,Risen,Perfect game for my Christian Steam Client
76561198314008130,Recommended,414700,31441507,Posted: 29 April,all,WKWKWK LAND,"Wow Red Barrels, this is a really creepy game. I'm a big fan of Outlast, the first series and the DLC, Outlast : Whistleblower, i have played a few times, even until i memorized the Mount Massive Asylum area, and the story, the characters such as: Chris Walker, Rick Tragger, The Twins, Eddie Gluskin and Billy Hope (The Walrider). I also know the location of documents and recorder notes. Now i started playing Outlast 2, and this game really improved from the first series and even more spooky than before. Play as Blake Langermann with his wife Lynn Langermann, to investigate the case of murder a pregnant woman named Jane Doe. Set in a village at the Arizona, with the villager is devil worshipers (The AntiChrist). With the growing interaction of the first series, we can hide in barrels, cabinets and in underwater, we can even knock the dors and the addition of features such as the use of bandage, the addition of a microphone on the camcorder, etc. I relly like Outlast 2, if you are a lover of the Outlast series, play this game, because this game gives a new experience, if you are a big dare, then i challenge to play this game. Outlast 2 is good... thanks Red Barrels has made me scream. AAAHHH... (sorry for my bad Englhis)."
,Recommended,414700,31396465,Posted: 27 April,all,MalleyCrowlz,"Amazingly done Red Barrel. Very impressed, loved the ending."
76561198272227501,Recommended,414700,31517395,Posted: 2 May,all,rajeshvarn,scariest and best horror game ever
,Not Recommended,414700,31385518,Posted: 26 April,all,Famous,"eh..lots of running, no directons or clear plot. Barely any jump scares. Price is high for it."
,Recommended,414700,31392136,Posted: 27 April,all,║ ωαℓяι∂εя ║,I STILL ♥♥♥♥ING LOVE OUTLAST II! This game kinda scars me for life tho.
76561198040781826,Not Recommended,414700,31386437,Posted: 26 April,all,Jaxtorr,It's basically running simulator after about 30 mins into game. Incredibly disapointed
,Not Recommended,414700,31464154,Posted: 30 April,all,ValkyrieShepard,"If I had to describe this game in one word, it would be ""frustrating"".Granted, the atmosphere is good when it's not interrupted by pointless flashbacks, and it generally looks good. That's about it with the positive things for me. Most of the time it's incredibly unclear what you're supposed to do and where you're supposed to go. That, along witht he fact that hiding and sneaking seems to be pointless in this game, makes it incredibly frustrating to play. E.g. I was hiding in pitch black darkness and the enemy sensed exactly where I was. If they can see in the dark why do they need flashlights then?The flashbacks were pointless and interrupted the flow of the game to the point where I groaned whenever I opened a door and was magically somewhere else. There was no connection to the main story and I kept thinking ""why?"".The sequences where the tall woman chases you were frustrating as well. Especially when she starts teleporting because she's scripted to be there. It unfortunately messes severely with immersion when you KNOW she's at the other end of the map but suddenly appears right next to you.SPOILERS AHEADI get that this is a gross game, that it's supposed to be bad and ""scary"" (which frankly it was not). But the fact that apparently every woman in this village gets sexually assaulted and then has their babies killed was incredibly off putting. Not just in a horror game sense just... unnecessary. I don't even think that I got chased by one female character model aside from the tall one (Don't get me started about how frustrating those sequences were) in the villages. As was the flashback story of a little girl ALSO getting abused. And of course, the one woman that does get a LITTLE characterisation dies at the end. Of course she did. Horror game or not you could treat the women in your game as actual humans and not baby machines. And the trope of ""guy has to go save girl"" is just really, really boring.I excpected more from this. The first one had me shaking when I put the controller down. This one was boring due to its frustration. I can't recommend it."
,Not Recommended,414700,31517283,Posted: 2 May,all,CutthroatPrune,The amount of filler in this game is unacceptable
,Not Recommended,414700,31452513,Posted: 29 April,all,oakn,"Do you like running in games? Well then go ahead and buy this, 'cuz that's basically all you'll be doing in this game. The gameplay was just awful trail and error, something which works great in, lets say 'Super Meatboy', but in a 1st person horror game that tries to tell a story, not so much. The most advanced segment of gameplay were 'fetch' missions, which in other games are seen as fillers. The rest of the game was just running away from enemies (because stealth wasn't really an option like in the first game).The story was either badly written or told in a bad way (I can't really tell which), you didn't get to know any character whatsoever and the whole backstory about Jessica didn't seem to have anything to do with the games main story. Sure there are parallells, but they didn't make the story stronger.The game does however have two good things going. Graphics/Design and sound/music which creates a good atmosphere... to bad you didn't really have any time to take it in since you had to be running all the time.Graphics/Visuals: 7/10Sound/Music: 6/10Story: 3/10Overall experince: 4/10"
76561198327317415,Not Recommended,414700,31563844,Posted: 5 May,all,Monolith,"The 90% of the game is gonna be in complete darkness, so you won't enjoy the enviroment that much.The AI of the enemies is so badly made you will be spotted and killed with 2 hits even if you're out of sight.The mechanics of the game are extremely repetitive and all you have to do is running away from enemies trying to find the next escape path.None of the characters will stand out or be memorable for any reason at all.The ""lore"" is weak as f***k.Just buy Outlast 1 and the whistleblower dlc if you haven't played them already, cause they're a million times better."
,Recommended,414700,31495671,Posted: 1 May,all,Iota27,"So before I begin my review I just want to get a few things off my chest about the game. Why would you, a professional camera man, even own, let alone use a camera with a battery life of less than five minutes? Yes, I know the camera has has some really cool features such as being completly water proof, drop resistant, night vision, and voice tracking, but still! I mean what professional quality camera runs on single double A batteries?!? Speaking of which, why does an isolated civilization have such an ample supply of batteries that they are literally able to litter the ground with them, and why aren't any of them dead or at least have less than 100% charge?? I know the people use them in their flashlights but they use those big heavy duty flashlights, you know the ones that C or D batteries literally exist for, so why would they also run on single AA's?!? Okay, I could rant a little more about the batteries (and dont even get me started on the gauze) but I'll actually get started with the review now.Outlast 2 drops you into a world that is not designed for the feint of heart. I had two other people backseat gaming for me the entire time I played and and at multiple points they had to look away or they almost soiled themselves. The game's main story is not too surprising for a horror title, but makes up for that in how it manages to fit scenes and images that make the player's skin crawl whenever possible. The ""side"" story that takes place in the school however, opens up an entirly new sense of fear and mystery to the game by making you wonder what is real and what isn't. The game takes advantage of what people expect from horror titles today (which is good or bad depending on who you are and what you want) by using psychological horror paired with the fear of not knowing and misdirection instead of purely jump scares and. I strongly suggest buying this game whether you want to play alone or with a couple of friends, but for whatever reason you do buy it I suggest only playing it in the dark."
76561198132097157,Recommended,414700,31433712,Posted: 29 April,all,Dark Rainbow,"Ok... I don't even know where to begin with Outlast 2. Alright, so I guess I will start with Graphics. The graphics in Outlast 2 are some of the best I have seen come out of a horror game besides Resident Evil 7, the amount of detail in each object just blows me away as well as their is a significant impact between Low and Ultra; as well as the game is very easy to run on Ultra settings at 60FPS. 2.}Gameplay-Now I for one hate scary games. I in turn basically poop myself everytime I play one. But this game has such and interesting story (At the moment I am writing this I'm only about an Hour in).  I can't help but keep playing it. So to sum it all up: How is Outlast 2: 25/10 or easily the best horror game I have played in a very, very long time."
,Recommended,414700,31500413,Posted: 1 May,all,MoonLightWolf,"Ive never played the first Outlast, but i enjoyed this one but to be honest this game dose have have more flaws than the first one, the bigest one is the ending its just wow it will♥♥♥♥♥♥you off. I wish they made a better ending than the one that we got in this game. but still i did enjoy the game so giving it a 7/10 its a average game. it sucks we might have to wait for DLC to fully finish this game i hope its good as the 1rst Outlast DLC."
,Recommended,414700,31630036,Posted: 8 May,all,Scratchy,"Outlast 2 has something very amazing to it, the graphics are simply amazing, the scary but really good atmosphere and the amazing sounds makes you wanna quit the game minutes after you started, because of how scary it is. There aren't too many jump scares and scary moments, its mostly the atmosphere thats the scary part, I really dont mind that because the game is simply worth the money for everything it has.I would rate it 9/10"
,Not Recommended,414700,31636048,Posted: 8 May,all,SpaceStarz,"This game is beautiful, but fails to capture you in it's story, and ends up feeling boring.I also suffer from motion sickness, so a field-of-view slider would have been nice."
,Not Recommended,414700,31471919,Posted: 30 April,all,Jordan The Rock,"5/10Looks good, but in general lacks in every aspect compared to the first. I'd say the only way this is better than its predecessor is the voice acting.Apart from a few jumpscares and chase scenes, this game didn't really scare me at all. Dr Trager, Little piggy and the groom at points had me RQ or watching the pause menu out of fear, but nothing in outlast 2 came close.If they cut the game down to 3-4 hours and halved the price, I believe it could have been way better. The game does not have enough going for it and after a couple of hours the running and hiding gameplay gets stale."
76561198068524438,Recommended,414700,31368560,Posted: 25 April,all,🅱o🅱a - 🅱ola,up vote this bamboozle if you're against suicide (specifically suspending your self with a rope in order to cut off trachea air intake or to potentially break your spine)
,Recommended,414700,31385652,Posted: 26 April,all,eNv10us,"Great game. If you liked they first game and played it, you will appreciate this game. Although I was hoping for some more Murkoff in the game they were added in tastefully. Sometimes the stealthy parts can be difficult because the enemys are more refined then they were in Outlast 1 and Whistleblower. Not to give away any endings but hopefully we can expect DLC sometime soon."
,Recommended,414700,31746055,Posted: 14 May,all,Toxman,"Really great game for $28! I loved it from start to end. It was a bit confusing, but really awsome! The game was made very well and it was maby the best horror game I've ever played!"
76561198132901267,Recommended,414700,32357222,Posted: 11 June,all,☭Stalin☭,This game is some spooky stuff broh. If you have balls as big as churchbells then get it.
,Recommended,414700,31792554,Posted: 16 May,all,Zachary3D,"Pros+Amazing Story+Great Look (From models to textures, amazing)+Replayablility (Achievements)Cons-Lack of direction when running from enemiesOVERALL8/10 Highly Recommended and Worth the Price"
,Recommended,414700,31494881,Posted: 1 May,all,Blizzardliam,Really good horror game but not as good as the original outlast. This game is still great even though I thought outlast 1 was better. 8/10
76561198086505175,Recommended,414700,32104140,Posted: 1 June,all,[POEX]An-Tarxamon,"My overall rating for Outlast 2: 91/100After more than a year, we finally got Outlast 2 released. Sequel to Murkoff corporation atrocities brought us to vaste outskirts of Arizona, where we take control of Blake Langermann, a husband of Lynn, investigative journalist, who travels there to uncover a mystery about missing pregnant woman. Is Outlast 2 better, or worse than its predecessor? Actually it is different, but worth it.GAMEPLAY+ Respect to series' tradition+ Exterior vs. interior levels+ New camera usage - microphone+ Extended controls and possibilities for main character+ Decent atmosphere+ Switch between real world / school memories+ Loreo Exteriors might confuse player- Run away is the best strategy in encounters- Stealth element does not always work properlyFirstly, developers respected tradition set in Outlast, so basically, we are moving into survival horror, relying on our camcorder and battery life. Comparing to first title (and its DLC), player needs to journey through various exterior sequences, which makes the game more vivid and enhances the usage of camcorder. This setup also adds tension to the atmosphere of the game, but I have to admit, that exterior sequences can be sometimes demotivating, as player may get lost easily.Main character just does not only crouch or run. Possibility of crawling enabled to use additional escaping strategies, but we should mention, that your enemies might crawl too (sometimes)! Also, camcorder is not only used for night vision, but sounds might be recorded, so you can predict where enemies will be encountered and adjust the strategy. However, this should be also a stealth game, but most enemies are got ridden off through running to point where they are not able to pursue, or after crossing they just disappear.Lore and story are also positive elements for playthrough. Real world mysteries are mixed with personal trauma of main protagonist originated in his high school period of life. Endless fight among Papa Knoth's cultists and heretics led by Val are accompanied by many recordings and documents, setting up very loose interpretation of Bible and Apocalypse. I recommned to collect them, it helps to drag player deeper to the game.I encountered only two glitches that are not worthy mentioning, in few cases controls got a bit clunky what resulted into death. Most negative points were enemies, that can reveal your hiding place easily, some of them can cause instant death. But, fortunately, your injuries might be healed with bandages and some doors can be locked.Outlast 2, despite some really good jumpscares, is not scary. Better word her would be creepy.VISUALS+ Same as in Outlast+ New designs for enemies+ Sick people depicted nicely+ Cultists+ Reasonable demands+ Apocalypse sceneriesVisuals were not hugely enhanced, but small improvements were made. Outlast 2 also relies strongly on so-called ""visual porn"". Many sceneries are beautiful or frightening, worthy of taking a screenshot. Also various types of enemies, cultists, or even sick people are helping to create more realistic immersion delivered to the player. Bonus is, that if you were able to run Outlast, second title should not be a problem too.So, enjoy all signs of Apocalypse,  with their best audiovisual performance, starting from locusts, ending up with rain of blood and burning sun.CHARACTERS+ Papa Knoth and Val+ Supporting characters+ Jessicao Lynn Langermann- Blake LangermannCharacters appearing in this title were used accordingly, Papa Knoth and Val showed us, how it can look like on both poles of ""good and bad"" side of religion, basically proving us, that fanatism is not good at all. Also minor and supporting caracters, whether friends or foes added another tension to the game.Jessica was super creepy, her story with father Lautermilch also added new aspects of many sensitive periods of teenage girl's life. Lynn could be used better, most of the game is absent, so the impression of her is just not deep enough.I understand, that Blake is the main protagonist, pursued by fear of what might happen to Lynn, but he is tougher and more skilled than James Bond and Ethan Hawk together. It is almost unbelievable, that he is just an investigative journalist and cameraman.SOUNDTRACK+ Well composed suiting the atmosphereMusic is composed by Samuel Laflamme and suits this title well. In creepy scenes adds tension, in pursues warns you about upcoming enemies. Also, sometimes just increases creepiness and helps the scary scenes to be even more disturbing.SUMMARYOutlast 2 is definitely worthy a buy and play. I appreciate, that it is not just copy or re-design of previous title, but an adventurous step forward. Also it is recommended to players outside of genre, who want to play some horror survival game, or fans that want to play Outlast series, but do not want to go through first title. Story is very loosely connected with two documents, one in each game (Outlast, Outlast 2 respectively).So for me it is a reasonable content for a reasonable price, with enough atmosphere, tension, rich story and some instant deaths as well.Strongly recommended."
76561198077893706,Recommended,414700,31408338,Posted: 27 April,all,Axe_Hax,"Outlast II is a flawed game, but is a horror experience very worth playing. Remember that this is an indie game, not a AAA title. For $30, it is well worth the price.PROS+Atmosphere and religious theme is phenominal+The game gets scary as hell , especially towards the end of the game+The graphics are fantastic.+While I gripe about the gameplay in the cons, I still think the gameplay is true to the spirit of the previous outlast, and is a fun game to play.CONS- Warning! I go heavily detailed into the flaws of the game, but I still believe the positives outweigh the negatives.-The biggest issue for me with Outlast II was the lack of a memorable villain. With Outlast we had trager, with whistleblower we had Gluskin; Outlast II has no villain that blew me away, most of the baddies you encounter are generic, and when you do encounter a villain, they don't leave an impression when they are around.-Trial and error gameplay; many chase scenes only had one path to escape, deaths would be caused by taking the wrong door or path until the right one was found.-The cat and mouse gameplay that the first outlast had is somewhat lacking in this game, only a few scenarios will have you alone with a menacing figure trying to kill you, instead a big chunk is chase scenes.-Unless you played the first game, read the comics, and collect all of the recordings and documents, you will have no idea what the heck is going on storywise.-The pacing of the game had problemswhenever blake hallucinated into the school, it always happened after key parts in the game, and then when they ended, teleported you to the next part of the game, while some of those sequences were good in themselves, they did not fit well into the game"
,Recommended,414700,31450398,Posted: 29 April,all,JoshyBear,"Loved this game. I liked it more than the first one. It's absolutely terrifying, well written, well voice acted and well optimized.The only CON I have are the frame drops. I was at a steady 144fps and would randomly drop to around 5fps. It would catch back up very quickly and would only happen while switching to flash back moments. Over all I would highly recommend this game to not only fans of the first game, but fans of horror in general. I enjoyed this game way more than RES7 as well."
,Recommended,414700,31587213,Posted: 6 May,all,maggs,"YESNow definitely recommended!The Developers listened to some major problems and fixed them.Read more here:https://www.facebook.com/notes/outlast/difficulty-patch-now-live-on-pc/1138496742928958/(Fixed difficulties, graphic, sound etc...)"
,Not Recommended,414700,31401131,Posted: 27 April,all,xTMT,"I really liked Outlast 1 and absolutely loved the Whistleblower DLC so I was really excited to get this.Unfortunately I can't really say I'm too fond of this sequel. It's an okay horror game at best.The visuals and presentation are amazing! The environments, sound effects and voice acting are all wonderful but the main problem with the game is that the story itself is too convoluted and unengaging and the gameplay just feels uninspired and tedious.The gameplay itself is pretty much similar to Outlast 1 but the same attention to detail in terms of layout and enemy placement just isn't there which makes the original formula's flaws really apparent. Most encounters in this game feel like a trial and error chase sequence where you have to find a specific not so obvious path (such as a tiny crawlspace or a hidden ledge behind the bushes) or die and have to restart the whole sequence all over again. It makes it frustrating rather than scary and you soon get desensitized to the enemies by facing them over and over again. On top of that they made some strange design decisions such as enemies now being able to spot you even when it's pitch black and the main character running out of stamina much quicker which adds more to the frustration. Overall the core gameplay is just a chore and isn't the thrillingly horrifying experience you'd expect.As for the story, the setting itself was a neat idea but it feels like a missed opportunity and I feel like they could've done way more with it. The plot doesn't really go anywhere or lead to any big payoff. Most of the time you just wander around from point A to point B without any real motivation other than the vague objective of finding your wife. Even in Outlast 1 where it had the super simple narrative of ""get out of the asylum"" there were still a ton of events happening each with their own arch of climactic high points and low points. In contrast, nothing in this game feels all that engaging or impactful. There's not a lot of interaction between the main characters for you to feel invested enough and the overall story is pretty lackluster with no real twist or big reveal in the end (it's exactly what you'd have guessed at first). The game also suffers from pacing issues with a huge part of it being filler where you just wander around a school and uncover things that could've been told in a way shorter time.All these problems wouldn't be so much of an issue if the core gameplay itself was fun but as it stands, the whole game is just a tedious chore of running away from enemies over and over without knowing where to go most of the time.I feel like the developers tried to be way too ambitious with the theme and the subject matter and as a result forgot to focus on the actual gameplay and story!Overall, if you liked Outlast 1 enough and wouldn't mind a much longer and tedious version of it with a convulted mess of a story, then you'll be fine.But for most others, I wouldn't really recomment this game if you're expecting it to be the next great sequel to Outlast 1 like I was."
76561198114082825,Not Recommended,414700,31406673,Posted: 27 April,all,FizzyFizzle,"Outlast 2 is the highly anticipated sequel to the hit Outlast.  Outlast 2 you play as Blake Langermann, the assitant and camerman to his wife Lynn Langermann. You and your wife are heading out by helicopter to find a factory where a supposed murder took place.  Of course in a ""Horror"" game s*** has to hit the fan.  The helicopter goes down in the Arizona desert.  You find a town and thats when the action starts.There are questions that I can answer about the game like is it a better game compared to its predecessor?  I would have to answer no it is not better than the first Outlast.  But I am not saying it is a bad game, it went in the wrong direction in gameplay design.  Many others who have played this game have called it a glorified ""Chase Simulator"".  I can agree with them but there is still more to this game then the chases.  Outlast 2 has brought new mechanics in storytelling, movement and gameplay.  First storytelling, storytelling has had have had a change.  The storytelling has an addition with the camera.  Unlike in the first Outlast the camera records only at key moments.  It's a nice and neat mechanic for the first few hours.  But, in the middle of the game watching back at the recordings it's kind of filler to some extent.  While on the subject of the camera, it has a new feature.  The camera now has a microphone where you can have enhanced hearing through walls and increased perception of where enemies are.  Honestly I only used it very few times.  Finally movement, movement now has the ""Crawiling"" ability.  Crawling is redundant.  Whenever it seems like you need to crawl all you need to do is crouch and you automatically will be put into a crawl.The story.  The story isn't very captivating.  Also it's quite short.  The characters aren't very memorable and there isn't much emotional attachment from the players to the characters.  Half of the time I didn't care about the characters and all I thinking about was ""The next section is going to get better...I hope."".  At the end some loose ends in the story are kind of tied together but ending with a semi-predictable and disappointing stop.Conclusion:  Outlast 2 isn't a bad game, but it isn't a good game.  Outlast 2 brings intrigue in the beginning but loses it all in the middle of the game.  Even with the new mechanics added it didn't change much of the gameplay.  I am disappointed of how short the game is.  I completed it in 2 game sessions lasting from 3 hours to 4 hours.  For the price of 30$ USD, I feel it's overpriced.  The game felt rushed and I couldn't feel the fear in the game like I did in the first."
,Recommended,414700,31427270,Posted: 28 April,all,DemonClaw,"So, I just finished Outlast 2. And the game itself is incredible. I loved the feeling that I got while playing the game. Good storyline and amazing graphics. In my opinion this game is better than part 1.When you first start the game everything seems a bit boring. It goes slow and the only thing you have to do was running and hiding, no real horror only action. However, the more you continue, the horror begins. You start to understand the story, and jumpscares are coming in, the whole game keeps you awake, and you have no single second to catch your breath. You keep getting chased and chased.The voice acting is amazing, funny, realistic and you notice the feels in it.I have to say, I give this game a 10/10. If you really enjoy a good story and a good horror game, then you should try this one."
,Not Recommended,414700,31793655,Posted: 16 May,all,CSHack.com,"Unfortunately, apart from a lot better graphic and bigger scale compare to the last one.This lack tension, scare, hiding, instead they've been replaced by annoying scripted AI and TONS of linear running.Outlast 2 AKA Temple Run Steam version is super annoying and quite disappointing. Only recommended if you are really a big Outlast fan, otherwise better wait for a lower price.Pros:- Really good scenery and graphic- Neat footage features- Main character now can speak and express himselfCons:- Tons of scripted AI that can easily guess where you are and magically inconvenience appear.- A lot of repeatable linear running sequence- Running > Hiding & Sneaking- The game provided you a lot of hiding spots, many more than the first one but they are all rendering useless because of the first 2 points.- Useless bandage that you barely ever need it and even less in higher difficulty.- Story isn't so great."
,Recommended,414700,33999524,Posted: 3 August,all,Zali™,its a madness
,Recommended,414700,31662351,Posted: 10 May,all,로샨 KSUBI 入浴サル 수중 분,"big map, confusing story"
76561198193927163,Recommended,414700,31885974,Posted: 21 May,all,BOOTY_ALERT,THE BEST HORROR GAME EVER !!!!! Even from the quality and the sound it did so much better then the first version.  it kinda scared the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me but guesswhat  this is the reason why i like this game. GUYS go for it and enjoy the ride. MUA
76561198103759220,Recommended,414700,31467122,Posted: 30 April,all,j1m112,"Great game but not as scary as the first, more gore scares instead of jump scares. Not complaing though. 8/10 solid game."
,Recommended,414700,31466917,Posted: 30 April,all,Wamparius,"Great horror game. I think it isn't as good as the first one. Instead of being in an asylum, like you were in the first one, you're stuck in the woods for most of it. This makes it a little more difficult to stealth around since the ares are so open.  If you're a fan of the first one, you definitely will want to check it out since it has the same tone."
76561198154709272,Recommended,414700,31369551,Posted: 25 April,all,EazyProGaming,Outlast 2 is amazing I am uploading to my channel everyone loves it.Graphics are improved so much the bandage physics and looking down at your batteries is a very nice feature10/10 IGN XD really nice game!!!
76561198278409183,Recommended,414700,31753852,Posted: 14 May,all,HeathCliff16,I think it s a really good sequel off the previous game #OpinionXD
76561198409383535,Recommended,414700,34776408,Posted: 6 September,all,Ghost,Only one word for the gameSuperb......!!!!!
76561198095965364,Recommended,414700,31384969,Posted: 26 April,all,fuzzman02,If you look near the bottom of the Outlast 2 store page it doesn't say it's in the horror genre...
,Not Recommended,414700,31794821,Posted: 16 May,all,Dantevus,"I wanted desperately to love this game. I told all my friends I was at ""Maximum Overhype"" for it a week before it released. I got to the point where I couldn't recommend it, but didn't want to NOT recommend it so figured I just wouldn't write a review. Now I am at the point where I have to sadly say...no...I do not recommend buying this game. If you can get it for $15 or less then go for it, but it is simply too much of a deviation from what made Outlast 1 my favorite survival horror ever.Far far too many forced encounters. Far far too much dying and retrying until you figure out where you're supposed to run. Almost zero exploration. You die so frequently and have encounters so frequently with enemies that are so unintimidating that you get bored of the action scenes. I look forward to the parts of the game where there are no enemies around because they are few and far between. They have night vision. They have x-ray vision. They have superhuman strength even when they are diseased to the point of barely being able to drag themselves across the ground. They teleport.It's like the developers forgot that the point of these encounters is not to kill the player unless they slip up. It is to scare the player and stress them out in a fun way as they try to escape or hide. (Hide? What is hide? This game doesn't know) Instead it is as if they are shooting a movie full of very very near misses and you are an actor that has to keep retrying until he hits his cues. Even if you do everything exactly right you have maybe a second of leftover time.Every time I hear the music start, signifying another encounter, I sigh and get bored immediately because I know what is coming. So I find myself sighing probably every 5-15 minutes.If you're looking to get this, please don't. Read spoilers and then go replay the amazingly beautiful and atmospheric game that was Outlast 1 + Whistleblower. You'll be happier for it."
,Recommended,414700,31830673,Posted: 18 May,all,Secret,"What is different from the first game that I liked:1. A ton more enemies.2. A ton more chase scenes.3. Creep factor increased to 9000%What I didn't really like:1. Not a direct sequel from the first game. Same universe, completely different story. Doesn't make the story bad, but I thought the first game's story was considerably better.2. It was not as scary. The creepiness was way high, but nothing really scared me.3. No clear path on where to go. I got lost several times throughout the game. Most of the time, the setting is too dark to see where to go, and you're kind of just wandering around without any super clear goal.4. The story is indirect. There really isn't a story to follow except for the very beginning of the game, and the very end of the game. Most of the game is spent simply wandering through the levels without much dialog or input on the story.Overall, the game is still fun if you like creepy stuff and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ your pants when you see the pickaxe lady.6.5/10"
76561198062918747,Recommended,414700,33784500,Posted: 25 July,all,stillwinds,"A lot of improvements in gameplay mechanics since the first game. Everything feels a lot smoother. The setting is very different from Outlast 1, which is good so it doesn't feel like a rehash but it still has the same high-tension moments and scary atmosphere. Definitely a great sequel."
76561198284389862,Recommended,414700,31433598,Posted: 29 April,all,venomshagohod,"I will now talk about each of the following catagories in depth because this game deserves it.Graphics- I ran this at max settings and my god was I blown away, the detail on everything was bananas, everything I looked at looked amazing. But the people early on in the game that chase look you like poop. The first time I got to the school to me it was damn near photorealistic.Gameplay- run or hide or both but improved from the first game by adding new places to hide. I really enjoyed this. But at some points in the game it becomes trial and error and stops being scary until you make it to the next section. Other then those parts it was a very fun and terrifying.Story- I love a good story and this games story had me invested from beginning to end. I don't want to spoil anything but I'll just say this, you could add psychological horror to to the list of things to describe this game.Length- I finished it in 7 hours for 30$ It's worth the price, money well spent I had a great time.Conclusion- For horror fans It's a must own."
,Recommended,414700,31370299,Posted: 25 April,all,smallp0x,I was 23 days sober until I played this game.
76561198276694162,Recommended,414700,31357102,Posted: 25 April,all,Neko Chloe,First impression?Never dissapointsOne of the best horror game who ever made :))
76561198003596091,Not Recommended,414700,31425622,Posted: 28 April,all,xLordofmolotov,"Loved the first game and its DLC, but gave up on this after just a few hours. Too much of the game is based on scripted movement and guessing where you have to move within a second, so as not to be bludgeoned to death. This super-precise hide-and-seek was ok in the first part, but then it's the same again as you progress. OK, I haven't seen everything, but it gets annoying when you die constantly in the same place and can't see where the exit point is. It looks fantastic, and the sound and suspense/action music is brilliant, but gameplay is too repetitive."
,Recommended,414700,31487642,Posted: 1 May,all,Oakenshield,This game so Scary..Love the mining and School atmosphere..Dont play it at night! Just Dont!!is there any DLC for this??
76561198243238458,Recommended,414700,33931069,Posted: 31 July,all,Aldelas,"best part is blood rain that succesfully make me scare and drown to the same situation with blake, this best horror. very worth it to buy it for who bravest."
,Recommended,414700,31359478,Posted: 25 April,all,SI97 flashflashy.com bolt.gg,this game so faking good and so creepy.. good job red barrel
,Recommended,414700,31361635,Posted: 25 April,all,Dubitabam,10 bricks out of 10.
,Recommended,414700,34212219,Posted: 13 August,all,pakistans finest,Had me shaking in my boots for the first hour. 10/10. Struggling to continue lol.
,Not Recommended,414700,31431577,Posted: 28 April,all,Captain-Weasly,"Not sure if I bought a horror game or a 6 hour long get-chased-and-get-the-♥♥♥♥-out simluator 2017.This beginning of the game was good, it had suspense and it builds up, around the 1 hour mark, the game turns into a total cat and mouse game.StorySame as Silent Hill 2 and Resident Evil 7, ""MUST... FIND... WIFE..."".Levels:Most of the level designs are mediocre compared to the first game; in Outlast 2, you run, see an enemy, get chased and loose them. Basically you go from point A to point B, see enemy at point B, make a detour and loose him by going back to point B,  run back to point B after losing the enemy. That is NOT a good game design.Shifting between reality and halucination is great but I would want more time in the school, schools at night are creepy AF.MechanicsHiding does not help at all, the enemies know where you are after you found a place to hide and out of sight. It feels like the AI is cheating all the way. One get hit by an enemy, there is near zero chance to escape due to the clumsiness of the protagonist, get it once you get stuttered and get vulnerable for the second hit and get killed.GameplayPlaying stealth only makes the game longer but not the real way, simply just running through as fast as you can is the ONLY to play the game. The anmation transitions are so slow that you die by standing up from crounching. The chasing sequences used to be scary and full of tension, now it's just annoying, reptitetive and just way too much be slapped in your face.GraphicsDecent models and textures, did noticed some texture pop-up (Unreal Engine problem).SoundsThe ONLY good design in the game, it gave me goosebumps all the way, from ambience music to the situation music, they did a pretty good job.PerformanceThere are stuttering issues on my Z97 Pro-Gamer MB, 980ti (Reference), i7 4970k @ 4.4GHz, 2400GHz 16GB DDR3 RAM, Smasung SSD build. Going into the ini files to change how long to clear up memory loaded from 10 minutes to 60 minutes does fix the problem for me. *Major stuttering and performance drop near area at the end of Chapter 1 (Genesis)OverallComparing Outlast 2 to Outlast, the new title in the series a shadow of it's former self: keeping most of the same but somehow making it worse. I have died only 4 times in Outlast 1 and over 30 times in Outlast 2; I even died less in my first playthrough of Dark Souls 3..... So what went wrong here? The game mechanics and the level designs are just unfair at some point; unlike Dark Souls where you learn and succeed whereas Outlast 2's enemies are mostly based on RNG.The checkpoint ssytem is also bad, giving you back a full battery when loaded back, sometimes loading a checkpoint where you are getting shot by an arrow or getting chased by 2 nakies IMMEDIATELY AFTER LOADING and you get 1-2 seconds to make it through.Outlast 2 might have been the worse in the franchise yet, a true disappointing, mediocre written, repetitive (in a bad sense) gameplay and mechanics, full of bad characterizations (mostly our protagonist), useless notes (90% of them that doe give anything more about the story but just letters written by person A to person B?), levels (many rooms and houses that are either empty or cannot be entered).In my own opinion comparing to Outlast 1, Outlast 2 worths a max 5.5/10 and should be nominated for the best chasing simulator of 2017."
,Not Recommended,414700,31384347,Posted: 26 April,all,InkyDurg,"With being so starved for horror with actual production values as of late,Outlast 2piqued my interest with its rather jarring tonal shift from the original. I was not a massive fan of the firstOutlastbut I was willing to give this one a try to see how they could improve on what was a genuinely cool idea. Unfortunately,Outlast 2ended up being one of the most frustrating and bland attempts at horror I have played in a long time, so much so that it has spurred me to write the first review I've ever posted on Steam.This will container SPOILERS.The actual gameplay ofOutlast 2is fine when you're simply exploring the envrionments, especially since you're encouraged to do so in order to find additional resources for survival and additional lore pieces. Unfortunately, the game also has a contradicting habit of forcing you to run and ignore all that, especially during some of the many chase segments in the game. Even as early as the first encounter with Marta, there are multiple set pieces that clearly have effort put into them trying to be disturbing, but when you're forced to cross paths with an enemy during these moments, any attempt to get immersed in that detail becomes pointless as you're forced to get away from it until the music stops. All that detail is wasted.The enemy behaviour and areas involved in trying to avoid them end up being the game's biggest downfall. The originalOutlastalready suffered from a nature of trial and error thanks to too much darkness and the near random behaviour of enemies at times, but it was saved from being an overwhelming problem because the confined nature of Mount Massive at least kept you on more of a path and also gave you a clear objective. WithOutlast 2, the shift to the outdoor envrionments has come at a HUGE cost, especially in sections dealing with cornfields, forests and maze-like areas like the mines. With no clear focus on where you are supposed to go because of the even more absurd levels of darkness and lack of a clear goal without looking at your camera, the enemies will quickly find you and you're only able to take 2 or 3 hits before being killed, even on Normal difficulty. I appreciate that the game doesn't spell absolutely everything out for me like some other horror games can do, but there has to be at leastsomethingfor me to go on.There are many moments inOutlast 2where you're forced to run because of a chase sequence, but these happen in areas that have multiple dead ends and no easy way to escape from them thanks to Blake's pathetic stamina. Once you hit a dead end, it's quicker to just let yourself get killed because you'll be overwhelmed instantly. The new bandage health system doesn't make this any easier. Since you'll only ever be hurt by enemies that spot you, trying to use bandages during this time is pointless. The animation for healing takes a good 5 seconds and the enemies are so fast with their speed and weapon attacks that trying to heal after you've been hit isn't worth it. The random nature of the enemies is also back, with some instances of them spotting you nearly immediately happening whilst also glossing you over in the same section other times. If you die, you're back to the beginning of the entire part again, with no knowledge gained on how the enemies behave, how they spotted you or how you're supposed to avoid them.The game itself is short enough at it is, with the main campaign being only around 5-6 hours long, But I can say with confidence that at least an hour of that play time was spent with me being trapped in multiple 3 minute long segments and being instantly killed by hostiles because the game wants it to be that way. Being killed ends up being the only way to discover more about how to progress through a section and it becomes tedious incredibly quickly. Death ends up becoming amechanic, even more so than the originalOutlast, and not a very good one at that.Speaking of bodies,Outlast 2'sversion of horror is all about trying to be as shocking and disgusting as possible in a violent manner, much like it's predecessor did, and it honestly doesn't work. Now, I'm mostly desensitised to horror games and not much can really make me feel nervous or scared when I play, butOutlast 2doesn't even seem to want me to do that. Every moment of ""horror"" is filled with lots of blood and gore and as many explicit examples of mutilation, murder and crazy cult behaviour as possible. Look at these coffins of rotting child corpses! Look at these piles of animal guts and people! Is it nasty? Yes, but this doesn't create an effective sense of atmosphere.The reason that other games such asAlien: Isolationand earlySilent Hillgames work at creating dread and apprehension is because they make sure the use of violence is only in specific moments. They give you implications of horrible acts and let your mind fill in the blanks, allowing your imagination be the greatest contributing factor to any sense of fear. So, when you are finally shown something explicit, it's that much more effective.Outlast 2, constantly showing me notes about cultists becoming wet at child killing, gospels that talk about r***, and witnessing people burned and skinned and hung, gets old incredibly fast and something that's predictable isn't scary. Even the jumpscares don't do their job because being startled isn't the same as being scared. The horror ends up coming across as too try-hard as a result.Which leads me to the story, the one thing that actually got me interested in the game in the first place with its heavy religious overtones and genuine apparent use of the supernatural. It's fragmented, most of it nonsensical and it seems to be done that wayon purpose.Blake as a main character sounds like he was written by a 14-year old with the number of times he says f*** and s*** in the same sentence, like they were ticking off a list that says a horror needs to have lots of cursing. His backstory involving Jessica doesn't seem to serve any purpose for the overarching narrative whatsoever, which is a shame since these parts actually tend to be the most effective at being horror with their surreal imagery and theme. Knoth never becomes the intimidating patriarchal figure he's made out to be in his scriptures and ramblings by the villagers because he's rarely seen at all, and Val's entire purpose for being there is relegated to notes.In fact, most of the actual details of the story has been left in the pieces of lore you can find. If you want to have an even slight clue at what's going on, you need to try and find as many as possible, which the gameactively discourages you from doingwith it's constant chase segments and patrolling of numerous enemies. I wouldn't have even known the connection to the firstOutlastif it wasn't for the internet finding it for me and playing the entire game with a green tint to try and find secrets isn't appealing at all. Additional notes and pieces of lore are supposed to be just that; additional. When your own story can't be understood without them, it's not a very good one.So what does it do right? The game does have a lot of high production value in pushing the limits of the Unreal Engine 3 to the limits as the envrionments themselves are superb. The incredibly realistic sound design in the game helps in creating immersion before the frustration sets in and the wonderfully composed soundtrack ends up being more terrifying than the game it accompanies.Overall however,Outlast 2ultimately feels like a huge step back from the first game. It's over-reliance on digust in order to scare, confusing design choices and a narrative that has too many things left unexplained on purpose make it a huge misfire over its campaign. Only gore fiends and jumpscare addicts will really get anything out of it."
,Not Recommended,414700,31415230,Posted: 28 April,all,asdsedwtfcrs,Disappointing after mid-game and ending sucks3.5/5
76561198133623683,Not Recommended,414700,31453028,Posted: 29 April,all,Retaliate,"As much as i like this game, Its a step down from the first game"
76561198175417111,Not Recommended,414700,31453677,Posted: 29 April,all,ILIKEKC,It No Horror Game Anymore
76561198014861480,Recommended,414700,31425147,Posted: 28 April,all,Klipparen,"Outlast 2, damn this was good.This is the type of game you want to play late at night, in the dark and alone, there is just something cozy with playing good horror games in the night(Cozy might not really be a positive thing when you remember it's a horror game).In my opinion this was in general much better than the first Outlast. It was a long time ago since I played Outlast and when I played it, I played it with a friend and barely paid attention to story and such, so my opinion might be a little ""off"".When I played the first Outlast, the only things that ever really got to me, was the jumpscares, and they didn't really get me too well either. In Outlast 2 however, it had me on the edge of my seat for like 75% of the time, once again it might have been because I wasn't really playing the first Outlast, and wasn't playing alone to help me focus on it, but when I think about it, I don't think it's odd that Outlast 2 had me more tense and scared when I played when you compare to when I played Outlast 1.In Outlast 1, the ""main"" bad guy that keeps chasing you is a big fat guy without a nose, terrifying right? In Outlast 2 however, a ""Grim reaper"" like tall woman is chasing you while ranting with a dark creepy voice about god, I don't know about you but I think I know which one I'd actually consider kinda creepy, oh and she shrieks everytime she appears, even better.I don't remember the AI from the first game, but in this one they weren't all too great. At the first half of the game, I was super sneaky and tried to avoid being detected during the encounters, I after the first half realized that you can just easily outrun all the AI's, since you run faster than them like sanic and they easily give up chase.Anyways, here's a list of pros and cons, and stuff in the middle.Pros:Good story+Great flow when progressing through the story+tense and scary for most of the time+Very different locations you go through in the game+the music makes you incredibly paranoid and I love it+they put options to hide everywhere, a great design to trick the player into thinking a conflict will occur+Great graphics+Cons:AI is pretty dumb and easy to avoid(on normal at least)-Pros/Cons:Scares and situations that can occur might be predictable to some people( I predicted maybe 1/2 of them)+-It's not the longest game ever, however it's very quality rich and is a nice experience+-Conclusion: Take everything that I praised in Outlast 2 and didn't mention in Outlast 1 with a grain of salt, because as I wrote, I don't remember too much of it.  But that is also the point, it didn't feel like the first one left an impact, or at least not the same as the second one. Despite that many thinks the first Outlast is better(not me personally though), this is a very quality rich scare-fest that you do not want to miss!"
76561197990237926,Recommended,414700,33433664,Posted: 10 July,all,runningtargetzombiebait,"a walking simulator where you can die. If you enjoyed the first game I believe you will also enjoy this one (although I enjoyed the first more in terms of story). The story is well-written, the villains fleshed out, and the heroes relatable.Although the story uses Christianity as source material (and the villains ""are"" Christians) it doesn't treat the religion or its adherents as whipping boys--the sins of the characters are their own.tl;dr some annoy mechanics but otherwise a great game."
76561198368303219,Recommended,414700,34164873,Posted: 11 August,all,Limited Edition ( LED ),good game  !!!
76561198089528594,Recommended,414700,34167380,Posted: 11 August,all,William,The jumpscares are real booy!
,Recommended,414700,33225467,Posted: 4 July,all,out of ur league,Don´t play it drunk at night . Don`t even play it ... At night ...
76561198038218401,Recommended,414700,33087689,Posted: 1 July,all,Uncle Tom,"Exciting Sequel to the first modern Classic, ""Outlast."" This game is terrifying, just like the first one. The scariest part of this game is the environment. YOU DON'T KNOW WHAT IS GOING TO SCARE YOU BUT,  YOU KNOW IT IS! I find my self pushing myself to continue down dark hallways in so much fear breaks are nessesary! Amazing game with a questionable ending."
76561198272700365,Recommended,414700,31369021,Posted: 25 April,all,Parkourism,"if this game was a potato, it would be a good potato."
76561198059613219,Recommended,414700,32682253,Posted: 23 June,all,Angerfist,"Outlast was a great horror, and that's coming from a huge Silent Hill fan. Yet, Outlast 2 managed to outhorror the original series. In Outlast I didn't want to go forward at times, just because it was scary. In Outlast 2 I didn't even want to be there in the first place. The story is absolutely great, the graduallity of things being unconvered was perfect. Had no jumps in plot, like it felt in the original series. It has great elements in the game that I can't go into for the sake of avoiding spoilers. Definitely a recommended game for anyone who likes a good horror.Only two critiques come to mind - first being the camera having now a bit of a harder use than in the original series, and other being that it didn't feel the main characters had as much depth as in the original series. But they surely don't outweight the quality of the game."
,Recommended,414700,32544084,Posted: 18 June,all,HP Witchcraft,"Absolute masterpiece. Outlast 2 delivers on an entirely new scale and improves on just about everything it needed to. Lots of secrets throughout the game, Creepy music to create the dread and atmosphere a great horror game needs and even emotional moments that give you a sense of attachment to the characters involved. 10/10"
,Recommended,414700,31383873,Posted: 26 April,all,PornStache,"After spending a bit of time with this game, I can see why people are disappointed, but there are many elements that make this game better than the original. There are more survival horror elements implemented that makes this game more intense although it does not change it drastically. The game in summary is an 8.5/10Pros- Beautiful Graphics- Survival Horror Elements added- Good length story (8 hours just about if you're not busy being a lil puss puss)- Ambience- Fantastic Voice ActingNeutral- StoryCons- Inconsistant AI- Lack of puzzles- Tedious Tasks- Ending wasn't that good. Feels like there could have been more.Overall it's worth it's purchase price. Get it!"
76561197972484243,Not Recommended,414700,31401055,Posted: 27 April,all,Dusk_Horror.tv,"I played a good part of the game, it got boring pretty quick and ended up not being scary at all. The original Outlast was terrifying, this one game me more laughs than scares.the main problem seemed to be that the Devs focused so much on gore and shock value from having dead kids (tacky AF BTW), that they forgot to add in actual elements of fear. Sure the environment is a bit creepy and the game has creepy stuff in it, but you dont really immerse because the gore and shock value distracted from the immersion. Another massive distraction from the immersion was the overly complicated stealth mechanics, you spent so muich time managing batterys looking for sound using the mic, scouting around, etc.. that you kind of forget to be scared.the chase scenes were also a big fail, often you had to run through a poorly lit semi complicated area with no idea where to go and only 2 seconds to figure it all out. The result was to die over and over until you figured it out then moving on.The cuplrit here was mainly due to extremely poor visibility, the mechanic that helped Outlast 1. In Outlast 1 your environments were indoor making it easier to navigate a chase event, if you screwed up vents were sometimes avaliable as a means of escape. In Outlast 2, the outdoor environment is rough and there is no way to tell which way you should run with in the split second window you have avaliable. The restricted vision just doesnt work in this type of environment."
,Not Recommended,414700,33624073,Posted: 17 July,all,The Chipotle Boy,"♥♥♥♥♥and Running simulator 2017.Pros:-Pretty-Atmosphere is goodCons:-None of the best features of Outlast 1 made it into this.-Hiding isn't nearly as relevant as running-Stories kind of♥♥♥♥♥-None of the villians really stood out as fascinating-Doesn't really leave you hyped for the upcoming dlc they say they'll release-ending was really♥♥♥♥♥-the map design doesn't work well with the dependency on running, you'll often run the wrong way or not know where to go and that pretty much ensures your demise- a LOT of deaths are going to feel like ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥tI really wanted this game to be good 4.5/10"
76561198088057768,Recommended,414700,31366103,Posted: 25 April,all,GHOSTDRAGON23,"MY GOD THIS GAME IS SCARIER THAN THE FIRST!!!!!!!10/10 ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ MYSELF, RELIGION HAS GOTTON A WHOLE LOT DEEPER."
76561198028494641,Not Recommended,414700,34464300,Posted: 24 August,all,Kevem🎃,"If you are looking for a true horror game experience, than this is not your game. Sadly..Outlast 2 is far from scary IMO. Because there are too much enemies walking around, so you basically know what 'they' look like, that's not necessarily a bad thing, but the enemies aren't frightening at all. Also, be prepared to lose the way when you get into some real sh*t, you will just be walking everywhere and nowhere, hoping you're going into the right direction.So, are you a hardcore horror game player or someone that likes creepy games, (expecting you are kinda used to some real horror action)? Then I don't recommend this game for you.If you are easily scared but looking for a horror game that's not too scary, give it a go. You will probably like outlast 2 without your chair/couch suddenly changing color.You will see so many corpses in outlast that after an hour you will be like; oh another dead person."
,Not Recommended,414700,31646344,Posted: 9 May,all,Rick| Jaxsolton,"Wow...they somehow managed to ♥♥♥♥ up the best part of the first game...the core gameplay.In this game, all you do is run run run and if you don't run in the right direction, you WILL die, hiding is at most times useless as the enemies see you anyways and it is frustrating as hell.Cannot recommend this game, refunded it too."
76561197970695975,Recommended,414700,32326637,Posted: 10 June,all,Danny_G13,"It's hard to know where to start with Outlast 2.Do you begin with the psychological overtones? The religious psychobabble? The flash backs? The mystery? Or the absolute brutality?The original Outlast was a decent and solid enough horror survival game - a bit incoherent in terms of certain aspects of the story but it was interesting enough - it was also a good example of 'Helldom' - aka the encapsulation of a truly horrifying depiction of a realistic Hell.To suggest the sequel has completely ousted it and improved everything is an understatement, and you would have to argue the game is a contender for finest survival horror game ever made.Outlast 2 sees Blake and Lynn, investigative journalists, foray deep into the typical woodsy outback of America to follow up a case of apparent murder, an unexplained one. After 'everything goes wrong' it's a fight for survival and an escape from what appears to be a derranged religious cult.I won't go any further with the plot as that would spoil the surprise, but suffice to say the game is as brilliant an embodiment of a realistic Hell as I have ever seen in a game, an Earthly Hell surrounded by rapture, all the while covered head to toe in blood.The psychological flashback sequences are so fantastic they manage to be even better than the already unreal horror of the main story, while some of the 'real world' set pieces are so brutal and horrifying you will feel absolutely gloriously uncomfortable watching and experiencing them.And that is true, beautiful, perfect horror done right.As usual you have a camera with night vision to see everything and instead of feeling like a way to make the game unecessarily 'scary', and cheap, it really does add to how the horror is constructed. The camera is a wonderful enhancement, sometimes a necessary one, and it makes already hellish nightmares even better.I haven't finished yet, I am hopefully a while away from doing so, and I avoid playing too long as I doubt my ticker could take it, but if ever a horror game managed to escape the predictable and boring Slender esque clones we've been forced to suffer for years, this is it, and is a terrific example of how truly properly executed horror looks.Superb."
76561197984592036,Not Recommended,414700,31794178,Posted: 16 May,all,Portugieser,"Great disappointment after Outlast 1 and the Whistleblower dlc. While those games were tense, interesting and terrifying, Outlast 2 is just a repetitive run in the darkness-die-run in the darkness-die-run in the darkess-finally find a dark alley to escape-run-die ... gets frustrating and boring after 30 minutes. I was really waiting for this game, but this is just terrible. Requested a refund on Steam, first time in my life ... :("
76561198141065494,Not Recommended,414700,31842576,Posted: 19 May,all,DesertKnight,Outlast 1 is waaaaaay better .buy it in sales it's not worth it...
,Recommended,414700,31799878,Posted: 16 May,all,ElectricGamer1132,"Outlast 2 is a very good game with amazing graphic design.The only downside is that you can complete the game under six hours.It has very good textures and enemy AI.Pros:Very Good Enemy AIAmazing Textures10/10 StoryCan be replayed over and over and you wont be bored.Lots of improvement after the first game.No bugs or glitches at all.Cons:Short GameplayBatteries Drain too quickly compared to Outlast 1My Opinion:It is a very good game but not a good horror game.The game looks scary at the beginning but as you progress you are not afraid.It has amazing realistic textures and good mechanics.The enemy however seems to always find where you are hiding during chase sequences.If you like games like Outlast,Alien Isolation etc,Then buy this game.It has amazing graphics."
76561198124403233,Recommended,414700,31362571,Posted: 25 April,all,PoktoZz,Am I playing horror Mirror´s Egde ?
,Recommended,414700,31383501,Posted: 26 April,all,Dinosaur Fart,"Almost sh*t myself 3 times within the first 30 minutes, after that I went to the toilet. I'm not letting some game say what I need to do.10/10 would almost sh*t yourself again."
,Recommended,414700,31383508,Posted: 26 April,all,Bonnie Kiwi,Scary as hell! Red Barrels really know how to make horror games!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7QA6ct5UuEc
,Not Recommended,414700,31428813,Posted: 28 April,all,Ron Swanson,"I'll start with positive things about this game. The grahpics are phenomenal! This game looks way better than the original outlast and even compares with triple A titles. When you look around you can see how much time and effort they put into the atmosphere of this game. You can truely immerse yourself in this game. The music fits perfectly with this game and adds to the tension while playing this game. The narrative is intriguing and the more you delve into this world the more you want to learn about this world. Without spoiling the ending, the ending feels a bit rushed, throughout the game everything builds up the those last few minutes. But in those last few minutes the ending feels unsatisfactory, like the devs didn't know how to end it. I can guarantee you there will be a dlc to clean up the mess of an ending they left us with.The game is a bit to short, I played on nightmare mode and it took me 7.5 hours to complete. However I also spent anywhere from 20-40 minutes looking for collectables and a few times throught the game I would go AFK.The gameplay is similar to the original outlast but they somehow found a way to make it a little worse. You're slowed down by little rocks infuriating you throughout the game. The only way you get through the game is through trial and error. I played on nightmare dificulty for my first run and towards the end I felt like bashing my head in a wall beacause of how often I ran out of power for night vision. And why is it that your camera runs out of power so quickly even when not using night vision! If you're going for all the collectables make sure to do it on easy mode. i got all the collectables on nightmare mode leaving me with no power for my camera. Although I do understand having your night vision limited makes the game more scary and difficult, I think its absurd how quickly it runs out of power. If you want to get the the trophy where you cant reload in insane difficulty, you basically have to learn the whole map of the game!Ultimately Outlast 2 is not worth $30, go buy the origianl outlast and the dlc. Once you play that wait till Outlast 2 is on sale to try it. Even when its on sale don't get it unless you plan on playing it more than once on harder difficulties and you're trying to get most of if not all of the trophies"
,Recommended,414700,31498078,Posted: 1 May,all,Cryptonics,Scary as♥♥♥♥♥♥honestly. Use a headset and play this game in the dark and tell me you don't get scared..... Lots of trial and error so far which is a good and bad thing... Depends on how you look at itSome of the best games in my opinion require trial and error
,Recommended,414700,31383201,Posted: 26 April,all,Brian Core,"This game... It's more intense compared to Outlast 1 however, as you can see in the screencap previews up above, it transitions between out in the forest and back inside of a school which I personally found jarring, disruptive to the flow of the game, and annoying when it took me out of the forest and into the school. It was very annoying as I had a good momentum going and was moving along relatively quickly only to be slamming on the brakes as I transitioned into the school environment. It's a good game. It's a great game. It barely makes it to recommended because of the transitions which almost ruined it for me. Maybe you'll find it more to your liking, maybe you won't.Without the transitioning into school scenes, 10/10 would be spooked againWith the trasitioning into school scenes, 6/10 would rather be in the asylum again (Outlast 1)"
,Recommended,414700,31383852,Posted: 26 April,all,Jam On Toast,Excellent game. Theorised the ending but whether I am correct we will have to wait...Great for aspiring christians tho.
,Not Recommended,414700,31457002,Posted: 29 April,all,Pixeled_Pictures,"Same as the last one, but a different story line. If you liked the first one, get it. If not, not much is different."
76561198133749345,Recommended,414700,31383245,Posted: 26 April,all,Dr. Steez,"Im abaout 6 hours into this game and daaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaamn. I thought Outlast was bad, the first hour of this game was scarier than that game. Im actually mentally depressed after playing this game. It is soooooooooooo f**king scary."
76561197973172781,Not Recommended,414700,31428478,Posted: 28 April,all,KyleLegend,"Linear, no where near as scary as the first, they tried to make it creepy and shock horror,    the fact that its pretty linear,  makes it super easy,    the ending makes no sense,  its set up so if you want to understand youll have to get the DLC (which no dout they did on purpose like that so youd get the DLC when it comes out), this was like amnsais a machine for pigs all over again,, the first 1 was great,  the second was not a worthy sucessor of the name,   its fun at first,  but once your a few hours in, its just a linear run for your life or get killed if you stand still,   id wait for it go on sale if your interested in getting it"
,Recommended,414700,31497114,Posted: 1 May,all,Kalrach,Nope.
76561198122069538,Recommended,414700,31383979,Posted: 26 April,all,Vex,this game is terrifying 10/10
76561198092060700,Recommended,414700,32624449,Posted: 21 June,all,SnoopShaggy,"Really enjoyed the game, of course i do see some of the flaws with certain trial and error moments however i finished the game before the difficulty down update. The fact that an update had to be made to reduce the difficulty is honestly just disgusting however if reviewers now apparently want easy to beat games without a challenge whatever i guess. I digress however, Outlast 2 is definetly worth a try and especially if you enjoyed the first."
,Recommended,414700,34205658,Posted: 12 August,all,Aqua,It couldnt live up to the first game but is worth buying reguardless. Get it on sale.
,Recommended,414700,31606452,Posted: 7 May,all,"Eric ""Eazy-E"" Wright","Outlast 2 is a good horror game, but not the best.+Good graphics+Good sound effects+Creepy places, enemies+Big, open areas like corn fields+Collecting batteries and bandages can be fun+New patch made several changes to the game-There's almost nothing to fear, and there's way too much jump scares like in the first Outlast-The batteries run out too fast (like 3-4 minutes in IR mode and you run out of battery and you have to reload)-The game is rarely boring, but not bad-IMO the flashback/school scenes are frustrating after a whileOverall: Outlast 2 is a good horror game, overly spiced with jump scares. 7.5/10"
76561198037690984,Recommended,414700,31387908,Posted: 26 April,all,¤G0LD3N V.A.G™,Play the game on the toilet
,Not Recommended,414700,31409452,Posted: 27 April,all,ko,"Game gives you no incentive to sneak around at all. If you have to get from point A to point B, the enemies disappear after getting to point B so you can literally just run to every cutscene/QTE. The main character might as well be a 6 year old child because you can't fight back in situations where fighting back makes the most sense. The game becomes so mind-numbingly boring when you keep getting killed over and over again by someone the same size as you just because your character refuses to fight back. The campaign is also extremely short and took me only 4 hours my first playthrough. (I have 12 hours on record because of leaving the game open AFK)To be fair, the game has cool mechanics like adding a microphone to the camera so you can hear enemies through walls and picking up items and taking photographs/videos so you can go through the footage and it adds to the plot of the overall story, but overall the game was very underwhelming4/10"
,Not Recommended,414700,31489235,Posted: 1 May,all,Spectre69,"I mean i dont want to hate on the game for no reason, infact i loved the original! But what made the original so great is the setting. But what i disliked about the original is that after a while the game stopped being scary. It just was annoying. Looking for tiny keys in the dark while constantly being chased by monsters. The second game brings all the games of the 1st game but in an open game. The first enemy i had to spend 20 minutes to get around, because to escape i had to find a tiny hole in the wall. The 2nd enemies were even worse! 1 guy had a flashlight and was easily seen, however the 2nd guy didnt and even with nightvision on i couldnt see him. I spend another minutes trying to find a ladder in the dark. In the 1st game the death animations were quick, in the second i have to spend a minute seeing how a woman puts a cross in my goddamn balls! Then while i was trying to solve another puzzle in a dark room, while i was trying to get off the mountain i started to slide into the abyss infinitely falling out of textures. And ended up with the game crashed.A summary outlast two is a repetetive and boring game. The horror factor is removed because of the repetition of trying to learn where the guys are and their moving patterns. Hell even Fnaf games are more scary.  Would not recommend.I want my money back!"
,Recommended,414700,31480212,Posted: 30 April,all,DylheroPUBG,10/10 Would have a heart attack again
76561198050540803,Recommended,414700,31360387,Posted: 25 April,all,TribeofDoros,"Good sequel even though I have only played it for a few minutes but I am looking forward to spending several hours on this title, since I also played the first one including whistleblower. The only issue that is concerning:where is my beloved FOV slider ???ANDWhy isnt the character so touchy towards walls when peaking around corners like in the first outlast ??"
76561198124413081,Recommended,414700,31359791,Posted: 25 April,all,Grillbot J,"Sometimes it's so scary that you wanna stop playing but you can't cause you want to know what happens next !This game is more polished than the last one, more dynamic and is much scarier than the first one, 10/10 !"
,Recommended,414700,31468311,Posted: 30 April,all,TheJarago,"Not much time to write longer review, so just quick +/-+ Great envinorment - forest is dark and scary, some amazing views (like lake view...), parts in school are terrifying !+ Frightening as its supposed to be - overall scares seems to be less frequent than in outlast 1, but game manages to pull out some serious jumpscares even in the late-game+ Good Story - mystery not as good as Outlast 1, but it has its moments...- More action-paced - Comparing to Outlast 1, game is more often scripted to chasing events, which cannot be avoided, which makes it a bit less stealthy gameplay than in first game overall.- Die to progress - Often you have to react too quickly to escape through very small hard-to-see safety gap or die. Even on normal difficulty, i had trouble getting through very first enemy encounter and died several times.- AI-God knows where you are - enemies may not see you, but game leads them to you. For example, if you try to sneak around the enemy from right side, enemy will decide to check the right side. I noticed it in the second half of the game, which made me reconsider my approach.8/10, worth it !"
76561198028261812,Recommended,414700,31504386,Posted: 2 May,all,viktorhallo,"outlast 2...its a great game. its just as scary as the first game. but it lacks new mechanics+ something new.. it got everything the first game had, but nothing new, other than improved graphics. game is still amazing tho. if you liked the first game. you will like this one for sure. if i had to choose between them. i will have to say that the first game is better, but only slightly. outlast 2 is an amazing survival horror game. but i wish they added something new.good things- music + voice acting is great, better than first game- graphics + fps+ performance is great.. 60 non stop fps in 4k with a decent pc- story is good+ intresting- its a low cost game, for what is good graphic game, with good performance.. its harder than the first game, you will have to think, especially at nightmare ( very hard ) to sneak past your enemies.the stealth mechanics-sneaking mechanics are really amazing, enemy AI is great, and you will really have to use your head to get through the game at very hard or insane.bad things- first game is more scary- its abit repetive- light flashes+screen tears that hurt your head + eyes, but are a part of the game. most people wont mind, but i did not like it."
76561197980817163,Not Recommended,414700,31738690,Posted: 13 May,all,JimmyJack,"I can't recommend this game, the deaths from being stealthed is enough to drive someone insane. You cannot hide in this game it doesnt matter where your at you will be found clearly on proximity. This game looks and sounds great with some real dark scary area's but its not the hard factor, its the every enemy is a god and can see through walls and is not anything like the first great game. I feel bad even writing this, I love the company's first game not this. And one last thing at least it wasn't $59.99, maybe buy this game on a steam sale for $10 one day and don't forget to get the xanax handy."
76561198056676722,Not Recommended,414700,32031909,Posted: 28 May,all,andysutils,"horribly annoying.What an awful disappointment compared to the first two. 99% of the game has to be spent in pitch black darkness meaning you need endless nightvision on. The game is to realistic meaning the enemy seems to be smarter in the game than they would be in real life. You constantly have to die to find out what you have to do.Forget using any bandages because as soon as you have to use them, the idiot character stops like a moron and then gets killed and hacked to bits by the idiot with a machete who never seems to be more than two feet away from you at any one time.Lot of the games geometry is so fragmented that you spend most of the time running around like a headless chicken not knowing what to with absolutely no direction where to go. I got bored of this game really quickly. Devastated as I waited almost a year for its release since hearing it was being made."
76561198019050537,Not Recommended,414700,32045840,Posted: 29 May,all,Kitkatskill,"Was really looking forward to this game, but found it was not worth it to buy it right out of the gate. While the controls are pretty tight, and it is beautiful, trying to make the world 'open' while having it still be linier lead to a lot of headaches while playing. I found myself getting♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥because I kept getting lost, like severely lost, in ways that could never happen in the first game, and it killed a lot of the tension.The storyline hinges on old tropes, the camera is barely needed except in a few specific places, and the back and forth between the forest and school still makes no sense. It felt more like two games having been slammed together.Is it still worth a playthrough? Yeah, probably, but I'd suggest grabbing it when it's on sale."
76561198005394388,Not Recommended,414700,31821510,Posted: 18 May,all,0i0i!5m4rt4l3xCH,"well, I'm not really through now, so I can say, go buy the first one and then if you want, grab this at a sale. this one can be frustrating at times, I died countless times just because I took the wrong path when I was hunted by some fiend/crazed zealot or I opened a door just to be welcome'd by certain death.. this means ""trial-and-error"" over and over (also because these segments happen quite often, the game contains kind of only two mechanics, running away from something and exploring little closed-off areas to find batteries and bandages), to a point where the fun stops. the game itself could be quite enjoyable and fun; I like the setting, altough I miss more ""open"" areas with multiple paths to take, the graphics are really nice for an indie title, the horror is straight outta ""Texas Chainsaw Massacre"" and ""The Hills have eyes"", so I like that. but at the current price 30€ is just too much. and after 4-5 hours it's over..also, the depiction of women in this game is just aweful, either they are ♥♥♥♥♥s or ♥♥♥♥♥ or something similar. call me SJW all you want, I do not like this tone..6/10 (play'd on Hard without hiding in closet or barrel!)"
,Not Recommended,414700,31535421,Posted: 3 May,all,Captain Queef,Level design is weak and the over use of chase scenes makes the game play feel repetitive and stale. This game failed to build off the previous title's success and poorly delivered.
76561198005574906,Not Recommended,414700,31531370,Posted: 3 May,all,Shinji //xx//,to be honest this doesent do it for me anymore. feels more like a tag-parkour simulator then a horror game. Maybe i am just to spoiled tough.
76561198325949016,Not Recommended,414700,31588077,Posted: 6 May,all,matthew.castro34,"The first 20 minutes of Outlast 2 are some of the scariest in my entire life. I was shaking and peeking into the shadows of the room I was in worried that someone was there. That quickly wears off though as you realize that running is not just a viable option, but in most situations the only option. If you are chased into a room and you lock the door behind you with no way out, you would hide, problem is that the enemies check all hiding areas constantly. Not in the kind of way to make sure youre moving, but in the kind of way that makes it unviable to hide. Running in outlast one was much harder with the claustrophobis hallways and corridors, but running did have it's uses at certain parts in the game. Outlast 2 is in the countryside and open enough that running is the only thing that will get you through. Though you do have to run at the correct time otherwise you are dead. This game had a lot of potential, but I can't recommend it unless the price goes down or it goes on sale."
,Recommended,414700,33692560,Posted: 21 July,all,Chubby Pineapple,"Outlast 2 is a fantastic game that is weighed down by a half decent story, and a frustrating lack of unique gameplay.Gameplay:Outlast 2 has solid gameplay that feels consistently responsive and enjoyable, letting you fully immerse yourself into the horific environment. However beyond the initial 2 or 3 hours, the game very quickly begins to feel repetitive as you rhythmically move through rarely changing stealth sequences, and the much worse trial and error running sequences. These aspects of the game  never change in difficulty or mechanics, and with the very little sense of exploration and story in-between, they quickly leave you feeling exhuasted.It terms of horror, the game relies on cheap jump scares more then it should. With so many great horror games like RE7 and Alien: Isolation that rely on the tension - only jump scaring you when you screw up - it makes Outlast 2 feel as if it is set on rails. Playing Outlast 2 is like walking through an 8 hour long haunted mansion.5/10Graphics:The graphics in Outlast 2 are by far the greatest aspect of this game. Every environment is truely stunning and immersive! I was constantly compelled to take screen shots as i played through each change in scenery.10/10Story:The story is kind of a hit and miss. The game constantly holds back on the plot, and (without spoiling anything) when it finally brings everything together in the last hour of gameplay it leaves you somewhat disapointed, with some questions left unanswered. However it was compelling enough to keep me curious, which encouraged me to finish the game.6/10Price, Content, Performance and Reaplayability:Minor Aspects in a good game, however they should play a part in deciding whether a game is worth your money. Outlast 2 was polished and preformed perfectly without a hiccup. For $30 it provided around 8 hours gameplay, which leaves it worthy of its price. However there is really no compelling reason at all to give the game a second shot.8/10Conclusion:Outlast 2 is thrilling enough and enjoyable enough to reccommend to any lover of horror games. However if you are less eager about the genre or still new to it, I reccommened saving your money for something better like Resident Evil 7 or Alien: Isolation.Final Score: 7.3/10"
76561198047611189,Not Recommended,414700,31410597,Posted: 28 April,all,Shock and Awe,"I am only three hours in now, and already this game proves it remains in shadows of Outlast 1. Minor spoiler alert: I have arrived on a scene where that ♥♥♥♥♥ with a pickaxe is after you and you have to push cart to the door to jump over. It's incredibly frustrating scene, and screams lame game design and I wonder if any of the developers even play tested this BS scene. Not to mention you have to watch your gruesome death scene every time, it's works a first few times, but after that it's pure frustration and annoyance. Further, batteries are so scarce for your camera it's laughable, I mean are you kidding me? 90% of the game plays in complete pitch blackness yet developers thought It would be fun you couldn't see♥♥♥♥♥♥most of the time, because batteries last like, a few seconds. I had high hopes for this one, but until now, it's more annoyance than fun and nowhere near the greatness of Outlast 1."
76561198311491620,Not Recommended,414700,33616249,Posted: 17 July,all,UNIT 208,"Where can I even start? This gmae has got to be the worst game of 2017. this game makes no ♥♥♥♥ing sense. there are no instructions so you have no idea what the ♥♥♥♥ you are even doing. The game makes me feel like a chicken's head got cut off, and your still alive, clueless, and angry. The story is so ♥♥♥♥ed up! There are angry♥♥♥♥♥crazy ♥♥♥♥ing animals chasing you every thirty seconds, there are no places to hide, and knoth will always kill you if you see it. Red Barrels, if your reading this, here's my message to you: Go ♥♥♥♥ yourselves, don't EVER make a third game and go be ahamed of the piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game you've created."
,Recommended,414700,34786281,Posted: 6 September,all,MHxGod,"Fear, screams and tears. 10/10"
,Recommended,414700,31377921,Posted: 26 April,all,Royce,Opened the game for 15 minutes. Saw a fishy looking naked man. Ran into it. Got jabbed hard. REPEAT?
,Recommended,414700,31378380,Posted: 26 April,all,Deevorak,Masterpiece of terror.
76561198115604750,Not Recommended,414700,33809212,Posted: 26 July,all,Amadeus,Unlike the first game its just an hide n seek game with horror materials in it .Disappointing :(
,Recommended,414700,34203662,Posted: 12 August,all,Nephilim,太黑了。其它都挺好。。
76561198086433904,Recommended,414700,31501279,Posted: 2 May,all,Cheesemaster,"This game lived up to the hype it had, and it seems the negative reviews it has are mostly dealing with difficulty, or people not enjoying the story. In all honesty, the story is pretty good, and the documents help you understand the backstory of Knoth and his flock. To address the difficulty, it's pretty tough at times. I even had to turn it down to normal at one point because Marta continued to axe me down while I was trying to get around her. But other than that, it's a fantastic game that fails to disappoint.10/10 Marta please stop cutting my balls off"
,Recommended,414700,31380970,Posted: 26 April,all,Silk,I would pay double the price for this game... and it'd still be worth it...
,Not Recommended,414700,31404418,Posted: 27 April,all,Ounce,"I refunded this game and can not recommend it with what little I played and when comparing it to the original. The theme is promising, but the intro doesn't give much detail to how a murder victim lead 2 reporters to a town which is (according to the steam description) ""hidden from civilization"". And how the hell did the police not get here when the only linkage was a body that they would've had access to? Bad writing doesn't give a good impression.  So as you proceed through the scenarios you'll use cunning, darkness to evade and navigate your opposition in lip-biting tension? No. You're thinking of the 1st game. 9 times out of 10 from my experience (and youtube videos) you'll just run through like a fool instead and succeed. When dumb strategies are working you're playing a dumb game. Ridiculous for an Outlast game.The notes failed to grab interest as most time their religious garbage that feels more like a boring study session rather than a unique insight into a horrifying world like Outlast 1. The difficulty select in the menu provides no detail to how it amps up the difficulty, but I fear I discovered its effects by playing my 2.3 hours on Hard.  The effects seem to be more enemies to RUN through and shorter battery life. The batteries wouldn't be a problem, but the game is SO DARK you have pretty much had to use it all the time to see the most basic of things. Don't believe me? Go turn the brightness up to full (as I did) and tell me how much can you see without the night vision? And the batteries pretty much die instantly on just increasing the difficulty up 1. Which doesn't match the demand Red Barrel has created for their use. Which is bad design and leads to unnecessary frustration. And regardless the world being technically being bigger, it really isn't. As it's all stretched out into 1 fabulous narrow path. Think FFXIII for those who've played the Final Fantasy series.Now 1 of my biggest gripes with this game is the immersion breaking recording system. Unlike Miles of the 1st game who took notes indicated with a notification, a soundbite, and an image displayed. Ethan will be made to record certain events in this game by holding the camera on said event via a red circle filling up to let you know when it's done. Sounds good? Except it includes commentary in which isn't heard while recording. You have to open up your camera after the fact and watch the footage you just recorded to get the commentary that Red Barrel could have just put in while you were recording it in the 1st place. Or am I expected to believe that a reporter being hunted by psychos looking for his partner would be checking the quality of his shots with afterthought commentary? Beyond stupid and breaking of the immersion needed to enjoy this game.The story doesn't seem to all that special either with the uninspired commentary from both the main character and the others. And not to mention I am getting the impression that Red Barrel seems to think the primary theme of violence in this is all that is needed for a game like this to be interesting without understanding the difference between interesting and disturbing. Also seems to be trying to be edgy by the repeating the theme of violence as often as possible, but that could be just me.  I am also being vague as not to spoil anything.Ultimately this game is a frustrating, boring chase simulator with levels that can be appreciated/scorned WHEN you can actually see them. This shouldn't be part of a sequel as they're meant to be improvements, not desecrations. And the price is too high. 20 to 25 max in my personal opinion.Take note I have yet to see the conclusion to this game and all this can be just the effects of a subjective effect, but this is just I feel on this matter."
,Recommended,414700,31549528,Posted: 4 May,all,RAIZO,"If Outlast 2 teaches us anything, it's that religion is terrifying.Let me elaborate - it's not so much the belief in, and acceptance of, religion that can be terrifying but rather the lengths to which people are willing to go to not only uphold their beliefs but also prove the strength of their faith in those beliefs.Outlast 2 is an absolute rollercoaster ride through hell that doesn't let up until the very end of the game, filling you with an overwhelming sense of dread throughout your quest to hopefully reunite  and escape with your wife, all while trying to evade the fervor of the good reverend Knoth's flock of devotees, the pestilent scalled, Val's heretical followers and even a darkness from your own past that won't let you rest until you remember how events truly transpired ultimately resulting in the tragic death of a close childhood friend.But to really put into perspective just how insane this game is, I'll say again what I already told a Steam friend who enquired about this game: if Outlast was the frying pan, then Outlast 2 is the fire, if you catch my meaning. Outlast was crazy enough but the ante was increased exponentially in every regard with Outlast 2, essentially making it to Outlast what the Whistleblower DLC was to the regular campaign in that game. If that has anything to say for what the DLC for Outlast 2 will be like then be afreaid...be very afraid!To sum this all up, Outlast 2 is a horror masterpiece that far surpasses its predecessor and nearly anything else currently available, and that's saying a lot because there are some exceptionally good horror games from the past and present and Outlast itself was a phenomenal game that was very important at the time of its release, as it proved that indie games, most notably horror games, can easily weigh in with all of the big name developers and their series, quite possibly setting the bar higher and redefining a genre despite the odds. Now back to Outlast 2, the voice overs are tense, believable and very well acted, events are well scripted, the sound design and in particular the music will chill you to the bone, leaving your dreams haunted long after you stop playing the game, and when paired with the crisp visuals, detailed textures and the play of light/darkness in the environments (and yes, the many, many, oh so many, dismembered, skinned, hanged, tortured, hooked, etc. bodies that you'll see) it's easy to see why this game was well worth the wait."
76561197978631812,Not Recommended,414700,31470140,Posted: 30 April,all,Didilus,"(no story spoiler inside)run simulator 2017no tensionno hiding (enemys find you 90% and 10% wait infront the hiding place)it's too fakethe gore is just blaaaaaa ......boringthe Graphics are blaaaaaaand if someone hits you you lose all sense of direction ,the view shakes like crazy and sometimes you get turned around and back again.every part of the game is the sameyou walk (inside Current Location)someone yells ""he is (inside Current Location)  ""you run with like 3 dudes following youyou don't find the way and dieand the best partthe savepoint is allways the moment somebody yells ""he is (inside Current Location)""soooooooo you run /you die /you run /you die /you run /you find a wayAAANNNNDDDDD againsomeone yells ""he is (inside Current Location)  "" .....................................and BTW all the youtubers with this ""scariest game ever Outlast 2"" thumbnails should be ashamed of themselves.have a nice day everybody ."
,Recommended,414700,31368287,Posted: 25 April,all,Seabass (The Human),Played through this whole game on release day. Absolutely incredible. I experienced what I would say is one of the most intense horror experiences of my life. It was inspiring and terrifying all at once. Throughout my playthrough I only ever experienced two tiny bugs and aside from those I had no other issues.I highly recommend this game to anyone who has the heart for a good horror game.
,Recommended,414700,31372152,Posted: 26 April,all,i hav th fear,What the ♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,414700,31353460,Posted: 25 April,all,im cuter than u cs.money,"10/10. Honestly did not know how they would top whistleblower and this game is blowing my mind so far. If you want an edge of your seat, anxiety inducing game, look no further than this."
,Recommended,414700,34180103,Posted: 11 August,all,isomorfico,"One of the best games ever! The story is darker than the first, has better feeling controls, and has updated graphics. An excellent horror experience!"
,Recommended,414700,34401187,Posted: 21 August,all,_ITS_CALLUM_,"Really atmospheric, and creepy, i like it"
,Recommended,414700,31404809,Posted: 27 April,all,Kakashi Sensei,"Nice work!I know a lot of people don't like this game, i think it was pretty ♥♥♥♥ing amazing compared to the first one.Better storey, more mechanics like heal, and you even gets tired when running for too long.Sometimes it feels like tryhard instead of being scary, but thats fine when you figure it out.Overall a good short game, with good jumpscares, and a lot of ♥♥♥♥ed up♥♥♥♥♥♥If you like a good horrror game experince, Outlast 2 is something for you!Headset is a must!"
,Recommended,414700,31404807,Posted: 27 April,all,animefreakinbox,"I have been playing for several hours now, and I can say that this is a worthy squeal to the first Outlast.The open areas pray upon you sense of paranoia as there are not any real 'safe zones' like atMount Massive and you MUST find a place to hide to avoid being killed.The enemy A.I.s are very well done and are extremely aware of the environment and any changes youmake to it. It isn't 'scarier' than the first game, but its greatest strength comes from making you feelunsafe at all times. There are even environmental hazards such as falling too far, fire, sharp objects,and even the plant life can hurt you in a realistic manner (beware of cactus as the make your maincharacter yell out, breaking your stealth).The atmosphere is wonderful and has many hidden paths to wonder as well as bizarre new horrorswaiting in the midnight glare of darkness. You will be forced to listen as you can't always see want'shunting you. This is a great game and well worth the price as you get a lot of play time.-----------HIGHLY RECOMMENDED----------NOTE:This game takes a while to start up (3-4 min), but clicking at that point were the screen is black and silent with mic icons at the lower right will get things going."
,Recommended,414700,32181394,Posted: 4 June,all,Dochammerfist2k,"Outlast 2 is a great horror game that will test you in every turn. Outlast 2 improve many of the mechanics from the previous game. With a new added freatures that really gives you that survival horror feel. If you are looking for a sequel to Outlast. Well its not here. Outlast 2 its very own game that has very little to do with Outlast. With one are two things connected with the original. The recording mechanics is a good idea. But I find myself spending half the time trying to find stuff to record. Its not easy to find the objects to record also the game sometimes gives you a small window to recored it; so if you missed even a second you will not record it. I also find myself stuck in obstacles or puzzles that dosent tell me whats it need, to do, or to go. Most of the I wandered till I found the right way but accident. But I did enjoy this game. Keeping me on edge very time I played, and felt great after completeing every level."
76561198056993661,Not Recommended,414700,33823529,Posted: 26 July,all,flix98,"Eh. The story was interesting - but not necessarily easy to follow. I definitely enjoyed the first Outlast much more than this one because I felt like there was more substance to the actual gameplay. Outlast 2 was just basically running to various checkpoints non-stop; it truly felt like a drag, and I didn't ever feel like I could just enjoy the plot/story of the game at all."
76561198098353744,Recommended,414700,31484494,Posted: 1 May,all,Valar Morghulis,Not good as the first outlast but still very scary and worth playing
,Recommended,414700,31419491,Posted: 28 April,all,Den,"This is a great game for your children, especially if you want to introduce them to the Holy Bible. To every Christian mom and dad alike: buy this game!"
,Not Recommended,414700,31778931,Posted: 15 May,all,Swaggaccino,"Can't sneak past someone? No problem. Just sprint to the next checkpoint and get saved by the cutscene. That's your strategy for 90% of the game.HIGHLY RECOMMEND.Recommended.On the fence.Play it when hell freezes over.Avoid like the plague.SIMILAR GAMES: Outlast 1, Alien Isolation, Resident Evil 7SIMILAR MOVIES: Grave Encounters, [REC], VHSFirst thing I have to say is that if you haven't already played the original Outlast, you should go ahead and do that. Don't forget the DLC either. It was a brilliant survival horror that inspired Alien Isolation and parts of Resident Evil 7. Did you enjoy that? Good. Are you hungry for more? Too bad, you'll need to wait until Outlast 3. Unfortunately, Outlast 2 isn't as good as Outlast 1 and that's because it's plagued with extremely tedious and unnecessary dream sequences, repetitive level design, and unpolished gameplay. Let's start from the beginning. You are a reporter working alongside your wife and are investigating a murder. A series of unfortunate events damages your transport and the next thing you know, you are separated from your wife and are knee deep in crazy Christian cultists wanting to slice your neck open with a rusty hacksaw. You are armed with only your wits, charming personality, and a camera that has the worst battery in existence of batteries. Absolutely no offensive capabilities - either run or hide while progressing the level. The formula sounds solid much like the original Outlast. Unfortunately, everything else fails to live up to the original. For instance. I'm well aware of the criticism for Outlast 1 - repetitive level design. However I felt the opposite. The original game took place in a mansion  and as you progressed, everything felt different. It was much more than just rooms, a basement and attic. It had a prison system, flooded cellar, fortified attic,  elaborate mazes, crumbling hallways, and gardens which didn't really feel like a mansion. Meanwhile Outlast 2 goes a little something like this:ForestVillageForestVillageForestVillageForestVillageMineI'm aware it's a bit more detailed than that but that's exactly like it felt. Areas are more open ended but it is more easy to get lost in them. The exit wasn't always as evident as it was in Outlast 1 and there were some parts where you had to backtrack while avoiding the boss actively searching for you. You could sneak your way past most enemies but stealth isn't a big option anymore. In Outlast 2, the enemies will find you whether or make a sound or not. I was completely hidden and still under a desk - enemy still found me. I was completely ducked down in a cornfield - enemy still found me. Hell, I left my character in a locker for a few minutes to go take a dump and came back to an enemy jabbing at me with a pickaxe. So your only real option is to run. And running works surprisingly well.  Sidestep all the enemies, sprint to the next checkpoint, and get saved by the cutscene. Rinse and repeat.Roughly halfway through the game (and the first half is vastly superior to the second half), we'll get the video game equivalent of a car facelift. It's a minor refresh of the preexisting gameplay. The enemies will go from actively pursuing you to passively pursuing you. In other words, instead of running after you, they'll just lay there in silence until you get close and then they'll attempt to jump on you because they haven't eaten in weeks or something. The story also replaces the one active cult trying to kill you with their rival cult and coincidentally, they hate you as well. Finally, one of the Nemesis type bosses who hunted you around the map was replaced by Smeagol riding a Golem but this time he shoots arrows at you. Additionally, by now, the level design has gotten so repetitive and stale, that even the developer realizes this and decides to throw you into school. Yep. A dream sequence. And not just one dream sequence, or two, or even three but dozens. Dozens of dream sequences that pull you out from reality into the hallways of middle school. This is by far my biggest complaint toward the game. Have we not learned from the original Max Payne?Finally the unpolished gameplay. They took Outlast 1 and made it just a tad bit less practical. For instance, the camera you have now has an automatic focus feature which makes everything beyond 5 feet blurry as hell (thanks video game realism). On top of that, it's pure Doom 3 darkness if you turn off night vision. Turning off night vision is mandatory to save the battery life and let's just say you are quickly going to realize why it's easier to locate batteries in a house than an open field. Other examples including insta kill enemies that run faster than you in mandatory escape segments. I experienced two. One escaping the church and one in the mines with Val. No matter what path or line I took (and I took multiple), the enemies would literally catch up to my asthmatic fat butt and start slicing away. On hard difficulty this meant 2 swings before death, sometimes 1 if they get you from the right angle. I eventually restarted the game and that helped fix the bug (whether it was one or not, I'm still not sure). Unfortunately, the same can't be said for the rest of the game.Overall, the game isn't abysmal. It can be fixed with some minor tweaks and flat out removing the dream sequences and we'll get a game just like Outlast 1. The gameplay formula doesn't need that much tapering with in order to remain fresh. Steam said it took me 16 hours to beat the campaign but I'd say it was a bit less. Probably around 12 hours. As it stands, it could use some work so pick it up during a sale if you aren't sure but don't expect the same refined experience as the original."
76561198093002339,Recommended,414700,31655517,Posted: 9 May,all,SiriusChico,Well.... WTF did I just finished.
76561198138623977,Recommended,414700,31564988,Posted: 5 May,all,TheMadMonkey,Super nice game
,Not Recommended,414700,33290335,Posted: 5 July,all,Holocene - Moving House,"Outlast 2 is an alright horror game. For anyone who has played the first you will most likely be disappointed with this one. The game runs well, looks brilliant and has an excellent soundtrack. In the beginning I was immersed and the scary atmosphere was set out nicely, and very quickly.However, the gameplay becomes very stale after a few hours as you spend most of your time just running from enemies in a chase sequence. This is where the game falls flat. Sneaking is almost pointless as I've got through many sections/enemies by sneaking only for a stupid scripted event to take over and initiate a chase. A lot of the time it would be literally impossible for the enemy to know I was there since I've snuck past them and left them behind. But no reward for doing that just constant chase after chase to a point where it no longer becomes scary.The QTE/cutscenes are hilariously bad. I've had so many where I've left the enemy miles behind by sneaking past and then when I make the final crawl through the exit, for example, suddenly the enemy is just there pulling at your feet or something.Overall, it's not a terrible game, but is filled with way too many scripted events, and repetitive gameplay that'll have you running whilst being chased way too often. If you are a big fan of the outlast franchise then perhaps pick it up on sale. If you are a fan of the horror genre and are looking for a good new horror game, give this one a miss I'm afraid."
76561198052985875,Recommended,414700,31367944,Posted: 25 April,all,Ergoner,*Buys Game**Loads Game**Learns about God**Saves me from going to church every Sunday*
,Recommended,414700,31761247,Posted: 14 May,all,SIXGHz,"Terrifying throughout almost the entire experience. A worthy sequel with no real ties to the original in terms of plot. I was satisfied with the ending, although I hear some weren't. If you like games that are disturbing, get it. It doesn't disappoint."
,Recommended,414700,31352063,Posted: 24 April,all,Raith Punget,My video camera has the worst battery life...
76561198123412837,Recommended,414700,31354412,Posted: 25 April,all,python4161 4K,"This is a gorgeous game and the camera has more useful mechanics other than being your guide through darkness and fear. It also has some pretty interesting mechanics such as being able to hear enemies through walls, and your character can now bandage himself if he gets injured. Outlast 2 is a big improvement from the first and will play on what your thought about religion."
,Recommended,414700,31352082,Posted: 24 April,all,Frankie,"The first hour of this game makes my eyes wider than an anime waifu on coke. And not to be mean, but Lynn sounds like a basic ♥♥♥♥♥. This Blake has a dream that he can't control about a girl  on the helicopter and his wife is already asking ""Whose Jessica?"" How dare she not trust him over a dream. Anyway, this game is good."
76561198024329605,Recommended,414700,35247662,Posted: 27 September,all,TUmaDO,"BOUGHT this game on day one and while playing till end it was a  BLAST!Story: 10/10Graphics:10/10Gameplay:10/10Voice acting:10/10Gore:10/1000some people that played with me (mostly friends, and my niece) where so scared ,they would stand watching me playing,but i was like "" its not scary its kind cool""They would say "" raining blood?"" nope!If you want to know the story plot, i wont tell it because !SPOILER ALERT!il just say this straight, its a amaizing game, almost masterpiece!!As for the devs IM WAITING FOR SOMETHING THAT CAN SCARE ME."
,Recommended,414700,31352061,Posted: 24 April,all,NTUlearn,"Having constipation?Have no fear, Outlast 2 is the new exciting invention to rid you of your bowels."
76561198017444783,Recommended,414700,31352844,Posted: 25 April,all,MyQuestion,"after played for 20 min,  I deleted it. T^T (I'm not strong enough)      10/10 horror"
76561198018389849,Recommended,414700,31357763,Posted: 25 April,all,barry funkleburger,"Scaring!! the savages with those clubs and you yourself with the camera set for the night vision, graphics much better, sound making a frightening atmosphere to, great horror."
,Recommended,414700,31357969,Posted: 25 April,all,Vodka,I bought the game and have spent 7+ hours looking at the start screen.10/10 will♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants.
76561198256198144,Recommended,414700,31373017,Posted: 26 April,all,SPICY pepe's SUICIDE hotline,LIT AF
,Recommended,414700,31508143,Posted: 2 May,all,Ischyro Max,"The introduction is incomplete. ""You can only run, hide, die,....................................or scream on your desk."""
,Not Recommended,414700,31420293,Posted: 28 April,all,🅱unt,"While the game certainly has a lot of great aspects to it, I can't honestly recommend Outlast 2, mainly because of one major flaw:The game constantly shifts between enviroments. One is a scary village and one is a catholic school. However, in the second visit to the catholic school, I was sent to the music class. When visiting the music class, I immediately wanted to see what they were playing. The catholic school had arranged a band form of ""Spatlin melody."" Not only is that NOT a real song, but every single instrument had the same melody! Even the ♥♥♥♥ing tuba was playing the G key! Literally every single instrument in the room had the exact same sheet with the exact same key! Not only is this insulting to people that play instruments of the lower octaves, since there is no way they can reach such heights, but I don't even think the majority of the higher pitched instruments could reach that level either! These catholic priests are literally putting the children up to an impossible task, and no one in the entire game has the decency to even mention it! I held my camera at those notes for hours, and I still didn't get a recording saying how outlandish this is!I cannot in good consciousness recommend this game, as it is clearly unpolished and unfinished. Try harder next time, Red Barrels!"
,Not Recommended,414700,31364274,Posted: 25 April,all,AzureanStudios,"REALLY GOOD game in a LOT of ways, but it's the little things that spoil the entire experience for me personally, and prompted me to request a refund. If you're looking for an intelligent ""not recommended"" review with minimal to no spoilers, you've found it. Some people SHOULD get this game, others should just watch it on YouTube for free. It depends on who you are:I DO RECOMMEND THIS GAME FOR:- Thrillseekers just trying to get scared and be in a terrifying place for a while (it really is a good survival horror game, overall!)- Inexperienced or easy-to-please gamers with extra cash to burn- Also more refined survival horror fans who see value in a more engaging story (than Outlast and some other survival horror games) which is pretty waist-deep! The story is pressing and really makes you want to endure all of the anxiety to find out more, despite heavy-handedness in the story's delivery and atmosphere and some plot-holes and awkward writing here and there- People who don't mind paying $15 more than they should have for a game (until the price drops to $15 someday, that is)- People who enjoy a great mix of gameplay mechanics (like exploration, stealth, basic puzzle solving, climbing/jumping, survival, chase sequences, etc) enough to overlook extremely annoying design flaws- Macho people thinking that they need to say they've played ""the next scary thing"" so they can say it ""didn't bother them"" (enjoy your $30 validation certificate, but the joke is on you, because this game is definitely less scary than the last Outlast game, so that's not very difficult.)I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS GAME FOR PEOPLE WHO:- don't want to get stopped and stuck (while fleeing in terror) because their character can't run over the narrow head of a dead horse lying on the ground or a small barrel or a small boulder or a slight step up on the ground, etc- like playing survival horror to feel like they're really part of it, and feel seriously disconnected if they get killed in the game, especially if they get killed a lot and for stupid reasons out of their control that they could have avoided in real life.- think there should never be a trial-and-error process to figure out how to not get repeatedly killed by something in a game where getting killed means A LOT (as opposed to an action or arcade game, etc)- wanted a game *more* scary than Outlast and its Whistleblower DLC- don't like annoying, screeching, high-pitched, ear-damaging noises in the sound design department- are privy to the fine art of proper game development who know how ""player gating"" and ""visual cues"" and ""navigation systems"" and ""implied progression"" work for a game, and wouldn't want to play a game lacking pretty substantially in a lot of those areas.- will want to use subtitles to understand anything being said (which you pretty much have to) because you're going to notice just how repetitive a lot of the NPC dialogue is which, again, takes you out of the atmosphere- would be offended by immense sacrilege and religious corruption (not me, just saying for any super-Christians out there)- have anxiety, panic, paranoid or other mental disorders that could be triggered or worsened by the sheer intensity and magnitude of the anxiety in this game (same as the first Outlast, obviously)"
76561197999602910,Not Recommended,414700,31365628,Posted: 25 April,all,Rostburken,I'll go and watch it on Youtube instead.It's nowhere near as good as the first game.
,Not Recommended,414700,33532933,Posted: 14 July,all,KripTed,"Run, Hide, Run, Hide, Reload Batteries, Heal, Run, Hide. That's what Outlast 2 is in a nutshell. It's not a bad game per say but I wish there was a neutral recommendation on Steam. The storyline is meh and it's not that scary. The graphics are awesome and the atmosphere is as well, but that's about it. The story is blasphemous and just dumb, it makes no sense at all. Outlast 1 is better than Outlast 2. This game is definitely worth the price I guess but it's just not that great of a game. It had it's moments where I was pumped with adrenaline but it wore off quick. This game is the definition of linear. I had some kind of fun while playing it but it was nothing that blew me away, I can see how some people might enjoy this but it's really not that great of a game. I beat it within 6 hours, maybe Outlast 3 will be better."
76561198042120701,Recommended,414700,31414742,Posted: 28 April,all,l.,"i though it was a meme when they said you wouldn't feel safe in your own mind. then the voices started, i had hallucinations of my christian school, i got attacked by periods and to top it all off, rabid christians stole my wife. then i picked up outlast 2 which is pretty scary"
,Recommended,414700,31495682,Posted: 1 May,all,SpinGee,"Dont get yourself discouraged by nay-sayers, its a great game"
76561198171104445,Recommended,414700,31352530,Posted: 25 April,all,Hush,"really good looking, good atmosphere so far"
,Recommended,414700,31359793,Posted: 25 April,all,Xena Warrior Aim,"Quit at Red Barrels Logo, Can't Go Back - 10/10*sigh shouldve got the diapers from the kickstarter*"
,Not Recommended,414700,31808470,Posted: 17 May,all,Lina Lin,"This game is honestly more enjoyable to watch someone else play. I pushed through it because I really enjoyed the first Outlast and the Whistleblower DLC, but this game does not live up to the quality of those two. I really enjoyed the graphics and stamina mechanics, since running away from things in the first Outlast is TOO easy, but those don't make up for the terrible, distasteful, and predictable story. I'm all for horror pushing the boundaries when it's scary, but I'm not ok with it touching on subjects that can be traumatic for people (suicide,♥♥♥♥♥♥ molestation, and dead babies). Those things aren't scary, but instead are depressing. The game also relies 90% on being chased CONSTANTLY so you can't even immerse yourself in the story. Oh you found a note to read? Too bad, you're being chased now so I hope you remember to read it when you're done being chased. To top it off while you are being chased you often don't even know where to run. I don't want to have my hand held in a game, but I at least want SOME kind of idea on where to go or what to do to escape whoever is chasing me. You have to die a few times to figure it out since it's often just a poorly lit door, crack to crawl through, or some other silly thing that you easily missed while running around like a chicken with its head cut off. I was also hoping for some connection to the first game, but the only connection I've heard of is a random note (again that you probably won't have time to read) that is about a random woman who worked for Murkoff. That's it.So overall just watch someone else play this game. It's not worth the frustration you'll go through playing it yourself. Just stick to the first Outlast and the Whistleblower DLC. It's a shame that a lot of story content that you're curious about is only answered in comics rather than, ya know, the game you're playing."
,Recommended,414700,31363773,Posted: 25 April,all,4R7Y,Outlast 2 is the sequel to the acclaimed survival horror game Outlast.With open world level with so meny hiding spotsnice graphics.Epic story.but wheres the bloody 10/10 game for me:)
,Not Recommended,414700,32187616,Posted: 4 June,all,UltimateByte,"I loved Outlast 1, finished it multiple times... Felt bored about this one after two hours.Open map with invisible walls everywhere, stupid bots... Doesn't look very good overall, sound is pretty poor (especially compared to Life is Strange). Thought it could be a nice follow up to the first Outlast, well, it is not. I'm refunding a game for the first time."
,Not Recommended,414700,31549464,Posted: 4 May,all,♪ tuty ツ # ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),"I bought the game in the day it was released. I was so hyped and♥♥♥♥♥♥ because outlast 1 was amazing. Now i will give it 1 out of 10 stars. Why? Game doesn't support G-Sync nor AMD FreeSync. NO GOD DAMN SLI PROFILE AS WELL. i want to play it on surround.And you know what's so funny?It works on triple screen and even finds my 5960x1080 resolution (bezel corrected). Why would you implement such thing if you don't support multiple GPU's or G-sync/FreeSync? It's 2017 developers, wake the ♥♥♥♥ up! We are not playing on potatoes anymore and i can guarantee atleast 75% from US, PC gamers, have at least 2 screens. Make it happen or RIOT."
,Recommended,414700,31389496,Posted: 27 April,all,FaZe Toenail,best horror game i have played in a long time. simply amazing. only issue for me is that it can get pretty repetitive
,Recommended,414700,31355383,Posted: 25 April,all,jackylucky110502,I guess I have to buy ''Underscares'' :)8.5/10 This game gives me nightmares.
76561198124261876,Not Recommended,414700,31421255,Posted: 28 April,all,greenspleen17,"Not as scary as the the first Outlast, I dont think I can recall one time I was scared by this, maybe because of the open environment and multiple enemies everywhere. Not even the ""Jumpscares"" got me, this game is mainly just running around and trying not to get hit by enemies, or waiting under something for someone to leave the area. It is extremely boring, and in 2 hours I was already able to get pretty far into the game. Short, boring, and not scary."
,Not Recommended,414700,33263928,Posted: 5 July,all,9-Bit Hooligan,The best sentence that I can come up with to descibe outlast 2 is 'eh'.
,Recommended,414700,31359066,Posted: 25 April,all,Saber,AweeSomeee !!!! Let's get WETTT !!!!
,Recommended,414700,31426993,Posted: 28 April,all,🌚Spookyghini📲,.-.--...---.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-..-------........--.-.-.-
,Recommended,414700,31497625,Posted: 1 May,all,AChunkyFerret,If you loved outlast the first one you'll love this game. All I can say.
,Recommended,414700,31565026,Posted: 5 May,all,ANovaTex,stole it bak frum me teh secund dey i bawt it fukkin garbage
76561197984190641,Not Recommended,414700,31478425,Posted: 30 April,all,Lydon,"cool game, but currently glitched at the barn with the chain you pull.  Girl wont move from the tight walk.  Down voted till fix lol."
76561198182899950,Recommended,414700,31357396,Posted: 25 April,all,Just Dog,"ENG(Red Barrels look here)Very cool game! I like it!I played in outlast  and  outlast whistblower.These games were the best of the best for all time! And what you did today is a big breakthrough. The graphics are beautiful, the optimization is done perfectly, and the gameplay ... It's just necessary to try! It is very cool!For such little money we get this game and it's cool!Red Barrels thank you very much for what you are doing. You guys are cool!This is the game I recommend from my heart!10/10RUSОчень крутая игра! Мне это нравится!Я играл в Outlast и Outlast Whistblower.Эти игры были самые лучшие из лучших за все время ! И то что вы сделали сегодня-это большой прорыв.Графика прекрасна,Оптимизация сделана отлично,а gameplay...Это просто нужно попробовать! Это очень круто!За такие  небольшие деньги мы получаем эту игру и это круто!Ред Баррелс спасибо вам большое за то,что вы делаете. Вы крутые ребята!Это игру я рекомендую от моего сердца!10/10"
,Not Recommended,414700,31379466,Posted: 26 April,all,Why are you running,"DON'T buy outlast2 !!! Outlast 1 is the most famous scary game as you know,but i don't understand why outlast 2 can worse than outlast 1 that much.First of all,too many chasing !!! You need to die and die again to get pass though the levels and repeat.Next,the story is bad,i really don't really understand the story line,maybe you will uninstall this game before finished it because you keep dying.Then,the gameplay is very long,just prepare yourself.Finally,Outlast2 isn't scary at all,it more like a hide and seek game.With a few words : If you are new to Outlast series,buy Outlast 1 only,maybe you can think about Outlast2 when it on sale.5/10 would buy it again"
,Not Recommended,414700,31670729,Posted: 10 May,all,Sir Otmshank,"I decided to buy this game as the first one looked really good, and it got a heap of good reviews. However I'm just over 2 hours in, and finding it quite... boring! The religious nuts loose their freakiness very quickly, and the weird tall lady just isn't that scary. The best bits are during the flashbacks, which are weird as hell. At the moment I'm finding it hard to continue at this point as the plot isn't great and it isn't (psycologically) challenging. On the plus side the graphics are very nice and the resources are limited, so the survival part of the game is good.I would reccommend any Frictional Games title over this (Amnesia. Penumbra, SOMA etc)"
76561198019785181,Not Recommended,414700,31478413,Posted: 30 April,all,Mr.Sandman,"i loved the first one, this one didn't really catch my attention at all. I wanted to like it but the setting sucks and the A.I is terrible. avoid or wait for sale."
76561198204805629,Recommended,414700,31583300,Posted: 6 May,all,Cla$$ified,gameplay was very great and some awesome jumpscares......but the story was bit confusing :)
,Recommended,414700,31363462,Posted: 25 April,all,Craig Jones,"Super Spooks! :D Good Time All Round! Blows Resident Evil 7 out of the water!---Sehr Unheimlich, Ich bin Furchtet!! Sehr Furchtet. Obwohl Gut! :P"
76561198049533608,Recommended,414700,31363597,Posted: 25 April,all,Jason'F13th Janne,Outlast 2 is very good game it had good horror elements and away better then Outlast 1 10/10 worth to buy :)
,Not Recommended,414700,31564394,Posted: 5 May,all,Somebody Dink The Ringster?2k,"The story was quite a dissapointment if you ask me, I wish i could give the game a neutral score until the inevitable DLC comes out but until then its not a recommendable game for me.The mechanics of the game (other that the mic in the camera) feel extremely copy paste from the first outlast,which isnt necesarily a bad thing but i was expecting way more from a game that got delayed."
76561198014552029,Recommended,414700,31352139,Posted: 24 April,all,Fisher,I have always loved horror games where you have no weapons its always scarier since you cant just shoot or bash your way through if you are seen you are normally dead for me this game is like a nice breath of fresh air....scary air
76561198119199438,Recommended,414700,31352254,Posted: 24 April,all,PlanetGreen,"I just had to hook and jump right in VR *cough* Vorpx *cough* with this one and it was awesome. The graphics are amazing. It's true, the story isn't as good as the first one. Still worth playing through though. I got so tense i couldn't control the nervous ""shut up"" i kept repeatedly saying. This game will aid you in evolving your screams."
76561198189545715,Recommended,414700,31510973,Posted: 2 May,all,Bountyhunter,"A very good and wel designed game, but I liked the storyline of part 1 more OUTLAST > CSGO"
76561198220031112,Recommended,414700,31474974,Posted: 30 April,all,Big Country csgolive.com,Pretty damn scary.  Whenever your being chased it seems like they make it so you barely make it out.  Also amazing storyline.  GET THIS GAME
76561198301117510,Recommended,414700,31432913,Posted: 28 April,all,Ciwes,"Nice game, DLC please."
,Recommended,414700,31432989,Posted: 28 April,all,heavy makeup,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o-ZysXWUgLA
,Not Recommended,414700,31605047,Posted: 7 May,all,Drunk Beard,"It amazes my how Red Barrels managed to ♥♥♥♥ up this bad.NOTE: I have refunded this game and I'm glad I did, if the first couple enemy encounters leave you frustrated, that's too bad because that is this entire games focual point.Don't get me wrong, I LOVED the original.  It was a breath of fresh air in a never ending torrent of FPSs and MOBAs.This one throws out all those well done scripted chase sequences and just dumps the player in a circular environment with several enemies and your goal is to ultimatly find the 'exit in a haystack'...while continually being killed over and over while you just want to find the exit.And when you somehow DO manage to run away and hide in a barrel (nice touch red barrels, I see what you did there).  However this game breaks the concept of hiding when enemies are able to actually spot you while you hide, and you don't even have to be peeking out of the barrel for them to do so.  This game outright betrays it's own rules!in closing: skip it and go buy Resident Evil 7."
76561198004811351,Recommended,414700,31510339,Posted: 2 May,all,AbsoluteDeicide,"Outlast 2 takes the first season of True Detective, Rosemary's Baby, and Sleepers and crafts a fairly standard, modern, first person horror game out of them. With a camera pressed against your face for the majority of the trek through a twisted cult's compound, it's part haunted house, part found footage film making simulator. You have no means of defending or attacking, so you have three choices to make: run, hide, or die. This loop is repeated throughout the entire game, maybe one or two times too many.You start Outlast 2 as a passenger aboard a helicopter, a journalist/reporter accompanied by your wife/partner traveling to investigate a missing girl. Things go awry quickly when your ride is shot down and your woman is taken away by disfigured religious nuts who want to impregnate her in some occult ritual. Hate when that happens...Your only friend in hostile territory is your trusty video camera. Most of the environments you enter are oppressively dark, so you almost always need to have night vision mode enabled. Being able to see comes at a cost, as the pale green vision will drain the camera's batteries levels. You only have two resources to worry about: batteries and bandages to heal yourself if you get injured. Taking damage just turns the edges of the screen red, so that's not a big deal, but if you run out of batteries you're ♥♥♥♥ed. This limitation can be a great source of tension when you're running low, being chased by emaciated freaks, and the “Low Battery” indicator is flashing red. Or it can be a pointless hindrance, because exploring the levels is discouraged; you need batteries to see, you need to see to look for... more batteries? Why bother? Rushing through each area becomes your best bet for survival, but that also feels kind of cheap and robs you of soaking in any atmosphere or admiring the ghoulish sights.While most of the levels are spatially more open than usual for the genre, there's really only one set path you can go down. Once you discover said path, it becomes extremely linear through the occasionally frustrating trial and error gameplay. Oftentimes you're being chased by some ungodly creature, running for your life... and when those chase sequences work they are incredibly tense and the highlight of the game. When you inadvertently zig when you should have zagged and find yourself at a dead end, helpless prey through no real fault of your own... once or twice it's terrifying. After the third or fourth time, going through the same motions and experiencing the same sequence, it becomes annoying. Some paths are poorly signposted as well, like tiny little windows that don't look nearly large enough for your character to fit through or walls that he otherwise wouldn't be able to climb, but when there are no other options, up he goes.There are some Silent Hillish psychological mind games in play, namely flashbacks to a Catholic school when you least expect them. One moment you're running through the woods from a knife wielding maniac, the next you're roaming the sterile halls of a massive teaching complex with some dark undertones of child abuse. The sudden shift in tone is jarring, from dirty, grimy, and bloody to the different but equally horrific environment of children's education. It almost feels like two games stitched together, but it works as your trips down memory lane get darker and more twisted with each visit.The backwoods, Jonestown cult aspect of Outlast 2 is effective though it's one note in tone. Once you've seen one crucified body you've more or less seen them all. Upon first reading a note about child sacrifice and incestuous♥♥♥♥♥♥ it's very disturbing and hints at darker scenes to come. Those shocks never really manifest, though. Outlast 2 plays it safe almost to a fault. There's not too much here that's outside of other mainstream, focus tested horror games of it's ilk (namely Resident Evil 7). This may be a letdown to fans of the original game, which seemed to give zero ♥♥♥♥s about offending the normies. The Whistleblower DLC in particular was... wow. By comparison this sequel is rather safe and by the numbers. It doesn't up the ante in that way.That's not to say it's a bad game. It's not. Outlast 2 is uniformly successful at creating unease and providing horrific landscapes to run from freaks while filming them. It has it's highs and lows, though never really rises above what you expect a competent entry in the genre should be. If you like these types of games (and I do), here's another one..."
,Recommended,414700,31372605,Posted: 26 April,all,Bilbo Baggins,"pros+better grathic+more hideing spots+great story+good charackters+good music+great atmosphere+more spooky+worth the monycons-gets couth waay to easy-that witch/death thing (to fast, to strong, knows exacly where the player is)-to many enemys in one place"
,Recommended,414700,31733999,Posted: 13 May,all,ColaXin,Sat in a dank attic with three friends. Only played 56 minutes before we declared ourselves boipussies and hit the refund button. 10/10 would never spook again
,Recommended,414700,31875125,Posted: 20 May,all,Faded,10/10 has tiddies and ♥♥♥♥♥ cats
,Recommended,414700,31876628,Posted: 20 May,all,Funkey Dunkey,"Outlast 2... a hit on the first title but is Outlast 2 really worth the money?Personally, I've enjoyed the game and its graphics. I felt like it could've been better if they extended the storyline.the game ranges from 8-15 hours (max). A game that takes that time and with its price is a little bit of a hastle; but if you enjoyed one, you might like this.Storyline: 7/10Controls: 6/10Graphics: 8/10 (the ""rain"" was the best part)My suggestion: wait when this game is on special. BUT, if you enjoyed the first one I would reccomend picking this up."
,Recommended,414700,31386109,Posted: 26 April,all,Kill3rbeege,Do you want to have a heart attack? Because this is how you have a heart attack.10/10 would take axe to the balls again.
76561198010057570,Not Recommended,414700,31834425,Posted: 18 May,all,Torn Foreskin,"Dear reader, Be informed upon my ""review"" of this title ""Outlast 2""I am writing this review  post finishing the game. Immediately in fact.HOW DO I FEEL ABOUT OUTLAST 2!WELL!To say it was a heaping pile of dungus, would surely be an understatment. Outlast 2 is VASTLY inferior to its precusor. I have a very special tie with the first Outlast game, and whistleblower. I love the orginal and expansion very dearly. Outlast 2 is a step in the, ""What the F***"" is happening!?In the first game, very clear! Insane asylum, go in for the scoop, GTFO!Second Outlast game! No ties to the first game what-so-ever! I spent the entire game being confused as to... darn near everything that was goin on! Red Barrels should've just called in another game then it could have been a better game, instead of going in to the expectations of it being like... what a sequel to the first game? Nothing to do with the first game! Couldve called the game ""Armaggedon"" or something relgious and such, and it wouldve made much more sense!**SPOILERS**You have 2 sections in the game. Finding your wife in the real world, then finding out what happened to your old friend? In some kind of rapey dream world? I have no idea how the 2 correalate AT ALL. Honestly, if the made the whole ""dream"" segment it's own game, finding out what happened to your friend, troubling times as a kid, repressed memories, unlocking the truth as to what happened, THE WOULD'VE BEEN AN AWESOME GAME ON ITS OWN! Not this whole, the real world, nightmare realm, IDK WTF IS GOING ON TYPE CRAP.**SPOILERS**All in all mates, not a fan of this game. $30 on this game, not worth it. To ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t with some friends over cheap♥♥♥♥♥spooks, worth $5, that's about it.2/10, Not good, Does Not Respect Women."
76561198064142762,Recommended,414700,31743608,Posted: 14 May,all,Matsukaze,The Bible Sullivan Knoth version Outlast did it again
,Recommended,414700,31403889,Posted: 27 April,all,Xanthous,Forced to walk through a pit of dead babies in the first 15 minutes of the game10/10
76561198182030485,Recommended,414700,33084547,Posted: 1 July,all,Random_Monkey,PlayScreamScream againDIE!Try againScreamRunHide under a bed and not move for twenty minutes10/10
76561198328106531,Recommended,414700,33093762,Posted: 1 July,all,xXprielXx,Very Scary Game ^_^
,Recommended,414700,31444246,Posted: 29 April,all,Jack The Ripper,"My thoughts.I found myself having mixed feelings about this game. Some elements are better than outlast 1, however some are way worse. If you are gonna buy this game, be warned: you are gonna get frustrated and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off. The story this time is more confusing and not layed out very well, sometimes its all over the place. In my personal opinion outlast 1 was better, but this one is not that bad either. Some chapters are very frustrating because you will always have to take the route that the developers have made for you, which isnt always easy to find since the levels are a lot bigger this time. The jumpscares are great and bone chilling as always. This game could have been so much better though. There are way too many run sequences, and hiding mechanics are not rewarded very well. Enemies can sometimes see through walls and sense you miles away. The evironment is sometimes very clunky and hard to navigate. The gameplay is very inconsistent, and honestly i thought that the school chapters were way better than the main game. I was a little disappointed to say the least.Game specsI finished the game in nearly 8 hours and i had to use a Guide about 2-3 times on normal difficulty. My game crashed one time after it got stuck on an infinite loading scren after dying. The game is very well optimized and i had almost no frame drops on gtx 750 ti (2gb).What has changed since outlast?A lot better graphics. Monster models are very well done this time too. Outlast 2 introduces new mechanics:  Camera sound detection, recording actual footage and reviewing it, no transition animation between hiding under beds, you will no longer heal passively if you are hurt - you will need to collect and use bandages. The environment is more interactive. The maps/levels are a lot bigger this time.FINAL VERDICT:All i have to say is that, it wasnt bad. But outlast 1 did it way better. The game is very well polished and the graphics are fantastic as is the atmosphere and the attention to details, however the core gameplay lacks in diversity. I would even say the game is AAA quality and it costs half the price of that.6/10 While i still recommend it, i would suggest waiting for sales.Have a nice day :)"
76561198079667196,Recommended,414700,31388295,Posted: 26 April,all,Stickman,BEST HORROR GAME EVER!!!!!
,Recommended,414700,31361078,Posted: 25 April,all,Undead Taco,"Do you hate yourself and seek out something that will make you cry as a punishment?  Well I have good news for you!  Outlast 2 takes the Hills Have Eyes, puts it in game form, and sends you on your merry way.  Wait theres more!  This game comes packed with many (2) choices that will impact the ending cutscene of the game (probably not).  Will you choose to you walk around in the dark without turning on your light so you don't have to look at the guy who's about to ravage your body, or do you turn your light on so you can see him just before he does the same thing?  Hurry while supplies last, and remember you're not alone, everyone in this review section hates themselves for one reason or another!"
76561197970890250,Not Recommended,414700,31385783,Posted: 26 April,all,Kiaren,"The atmosphere is great. The scares are creepy. The stealth mechanics are broken.The enemy AI will path straight to you once you are in their patrol range, assuming they don't teleport behind you. Therefore hiding is pointless. Running is useless, as there is nowhere to run *too*. Evasion is impossible as the environments are wide open, along with the fact most doors, windows, and fences are not interactable.All this combines to render any enemy encounter down to simple try, fail, die, repeat until you glimpse just where the heck you are supposed to go. Then make a mad dash for it.I sit in amazment at the visuals, the sounds, and the utter dread as I gaze at the environment.  I wonder how the story will develop.  I am focused on finding my partner. Then I get stabbed in the butt for the 40th time before I give up in utter frustration and disgust.  This is one of the few games I straight gave up on.Outlast 1 was a great game. Outlast 2 seems to be fodder for bored youtubers."
,Recommended,414700,31520271,Posted: 3 May,all,temraimi,Just buy Outlast 1
,Recommended,414700,31375359,Posted: 26 April,all,Nuckleamore,RameSeremJumpscareGregetGoblok+Good Game+Hillarious+Horror+Thriller+♥♥♥♥Yeah+♥♥♥♥EwMyPenis
,Recommended,414700,31873008,Posted: 20 May,all,Kaido,"From all the game genres existing, I think horror games will always be my favorite. There is really nothing better than a game that makes you want to crawl under your table and to make you think: ""why am I doing this to myself?"".And just like its previous titles Outlast and Outlast: Whistleblower, Outlast 2 made me think that several times!But now to the actual question: Is Outlast 2 a good game?First of all, let's talk about the atmosphere of this game, which in my opinion definitely improved. Sure the whole Asylum thing always gets people. And don't get me wrong, I liked it a lot! But walking alone through a dark forest in the middle of nowhere, with religious fanatics chasing me, was just as mutch intense and above all not so overused!Of corse, it is not just the setting which makes the atmosphere so great, but also the sound effects/soundtrack and the just terrifying scenery that ""Red Barrel Games"" brings us once again.Anyway, during my playthrough, I think I never had a moment in which I could truly calm down, with one exception.These moments, in which I couldn't say where to go.Which brings me to the level design and I think that is where all the hate comes from. I get that it's frustrating to be in a dead end just when it gets intense, but let's be honest: When was Outlast ever easy? It would be boring if it was!Plus, I didn't even think it was that hard to find the right way. I played the game on hard and yes sure I died once or twice, but that's just how it is supposed to be in a difficult game. If you expect to get through this game without dying once at the first time, you shouldn't play this game at all. Besides that, there are multiple ways to get past an enemy or to hide, there are lots of things you can find and still you get through very fast. For me, this is a good level design.Finally, let's talk about the story. In my opinion, the story of a game is the most important part and Outlast 2 didn't disappoint me at all. It is dark, not too short or too long, makes you think and it makes you feel all kinds of emotions. Also, I just love the way how the Outlast franchise always makes you build kind of a relationship to the different characters in the game, whether there are allied or hostile.All in one I can say: Yes, in my opinion, Outlast 2 is a great game, I had a lot of... well I guess fun isn't the right word but you know... and I would recommend it to everyone who is into horror games and seeks for a challenge.PS: I'm sorry if my articulation isn't perfect. I am not a native speaker."
76561198269433003,Recommended,414700,31353228,Posted: 25 April,all,rekipfilet,Focking good Horror Game
76561198225109300,Recommended,414700,31433903,Posted: 29 April,all,Salty McSalt,"This game, wow. What a game. Basically the first Outlast but bigger, longer, more polished and the exploration is a treat. The story is intense and interesting with twists and turns around every corner. The characters all compliment one another (when they aren't stabbing you in the head and ripping your balls off). There's a few bugs and glitches here and there but they do not compare to how amazing this game is."
,Recommended,414700,31382630,Posted: 26 April,all,thomaL,Hurdles simulator where you can die in hundred different ways
76561198068936383,Recommended,414700,31838531,Posted: 19 May,all,Black Phillip,"Outlast 2 is, in my opinion, a great successor of the first Outlast. The graphics are great, and the game runs really smooth, even with weaker systems. The game makes us feel uncomfortable everytime, which is great since the first game was really scary too. The story can be a little confusing at first but if you really pay attention to the details and collect a significant amount of documents, you'll be able to understand it.The only downside of the game for me is its gameplay at some points. You can get stuck easily at almost every corner in the game, which can be frustrating if you're trying to run from someone who is chacing you.Let's now hope for a good DLC like in the first game that will clarify some spots in the story."
,Recommended,414700,31841330,Posted: 19 May,all,Mrs.Ωmega *박창민*,"Outlast 2 is a horror game. I really like the story of the 2nd game more than the first one I don't know why but it was really scary and good. Of course there are some sh*t things about the game like its more like a chasing and running game than hiding. Despite any of these things I really liked the game. Give it a try. If you like to live and die fast, game will take like 6 hours but if you observe and examine everything it will take like 8-9 hours or more. Don't forget to record and take a look at those papers around the places, afterwards watch the recordings. They are really important for the based story. I really scared while I'm playing. Graphics are really good. Better than the 1st game of course. Environment and atmosphere is really thrilling and scary. Don't try to hide. They may probably find you but try your luck.People keep complaining about the game's story is bad etc. bla bla. But I don't think it's that bad. If you really understand the facts in game, you'll be able to understand and be aware of the situation that you are in! During the gameplay, you'll always feel uncomfortable which is really important fact in horror games. For story, you might not understand the whole story. After finishing game, search for game explanation. It'll make more sense."
,Recommended,414700,31848949,Posted: 19 May,all,A Chair,Resident evil 7 but your character is a ♥♥♥♥♥ and passes up multiple opportunities to pick up a weapon because a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ video camera is worth more to him than being able to defend himself.
76561198152670763,Recommended,414700,34465666,Posted: 24 August,all,唔好系度扮西哂嘢,a little bit nervers，but the first outlast are scary more
,Recommended,414700,34115789,Posted: 8 August,all,Heisenberg :],Made me♥♥♥♥♥♥myself.10/10 would buy new pants again
76561198143853060,Recommended,414700,34199493,Posted: 12 August,all,✌ Lettuce ☘☘☘,"Half way thought the game, it's a fun game why it got that much hate i don't know."
,Recommended,414700,31881212,Posted: 21 May,all,WilburSprinkle,Scarier than Outlast? I'd have to say yes. Runs very smooth also!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cdzg5fGq-fQ
,Recommended,414700,31513796,Posted: 2 May,all,ROFL WAFFLE,A good game to play if you just wanna relax
76561198033909112,Not Recommended,414700,31737872,Posted: 13 May,all,Zephyr Cove,"An unfortunate sequel. In going for a more challenging experience and in-depth story (which rips off, erm, I mean draws inspiration from True Detective), we end up with an unengaging mess. I stopped caring about six hours through. Still not done, I view finishing this as a chore."
,Recommended,414700,31460355,Posted: 30 April,all,Morty Smith,An old woman 3 meters tall runs faster than Usain Bolt and scribbles you with a cross...13/10
,Recommended,414700,31440676,Posted: 29 April,all,Heavy Crusher ▁ ▂ ▃ ▄,"want to get some real horor experience,you should try this one"
76561198129492707,Recommended,414700,31408780,Posted: 27 April,all,Recrited,"So its really hard to give it good review because they needed 2 years to make this game right and im pretty sure for outlast 1 they needed even more years i dont really know but thats what i think because it was their first outlast game and had to advirtise it to everyone, and everyone liked it. It was super scary the unique Camera,nightvision it was soo unique to other horror games, thats why everyone liked it soo much and we expected a big suprise with outlast 2 and there wasnt really a suprise you know the only different think is youre in a forest the camera has 2-3 new thinks and the grapphics are better like .. outlast 1 and the dlc were already the same you could made outlast 2 even better you know something even more unique to be liked by EVERYONE again not only the outlast fans and even tho some of them still didnt like the game , me personally i enjoyed because its outlast 2 i was hyped there was no option for me not to enjoy it but i felt like i was playing outlast 1."
76561198224537044,Recommended,414700,34547757,Posted: 28 August,all,Pancakes,I pooped a alot
,Recommended,414700,31482480,Posted: 1 May,all,n1ght¹³³⁷,PR0S ------------------- It's actually pretty scary.- Photo realistic graphics with so MUCH detail.- Better than OL1.- You can run like the flashCons --------------------School levels can ♥♥♥♥ right off.
,Recommended,414700,31502829,Posted: 2 May,all,fairycake1,i give outlast 2 a 8/10
76561198286816368,Recommended,414700,31481592,Posted: 1 May,all,Soak,The best horror game ^_^
76561198025917410,Recommended,414700,31366937,Posted: 25 April,all,Hazo,"Usually im not scared of anything, no game has scared me so far, but this was horrifying.I played this at 3 AM, huge mistake."
76561198114639410,Recommended,414700,31395355,Posted: 27 April,all,definitely dom,Brilliant gamegreat scaresjumpscares are great and not over usedgraphics look awesomegreat storyinteresting charatersgood level designAWESOME ending10/10
76561198347000761,Recommended,414700,31424694,Posted: 28 April,all,CDUBATO,hell yes badass game scary af how ever ending is a$$
,Not Recommended,414700,31596096,Posted: 6 May,all,Bop,"Pros: Spooky, looked nice, had fun puzzlesCons: Ending didnt make any ♥♥♥♥ing sence and left me unsatisfied"
,Recommended,414700,31582442,Posted: 6 May,all,|The Suspect|,the gameplay is nice and scary and i really love this game
,Not Recommended,414700,31672489,Posted: 10 May,all,PinkiePie,"I bought this game because I wanted to support the developers, but it turned up a HUGE letdown. The Game is dull, it has no flavour or atmosphere or dredd of the first one. PLEASE DO NOT BUY IT! It not worth the money. Buy it in a bundle or when it drops like 75%.This game is crappy-poo."
76561198059482870,Recommended,414700,31566542,Posted: 5 May,all,vali.voaides,very good
,Not Recommended,414700,31567577,Posted: 5 May,all,g-zilla777,Latest update deleted my save data.
,Recommended,414700,33755739,Posted: 23 July,all,Rival XL,I'm just running in the 90s
,Recommended,414700,31616023,Posted: 7 May,all,never,jessica will never let me go 10/10
76561198093648952,Recommended,414700,31376564,Posted: 26 April,all,Halamar,"Okay so we outlast fans waited for this game a long time but was it worth the wait? Here are my thoughts:+Story is weird as it was in first one+Characters were creepy af,(witch was the worst o_O+Game areas were pretty and horrifying+More game mechanics like crawling and sliding+Main character talks now finally+Difficulty was hard on hard :D-Story is mostly being told through collectibles wich is a problem for non-collector gamer-Way too much running away from enemies-Too much about finding a right hole where to run away otherwise you are ♥♥♥♥ed-Some enemy encounters are just badly done like you don't know where the hell you are going and bam you got shanked-Leaves too many unanswered questions which means for dlc most likely-Phasing is weird with these school hallucinations happening every 2 minutesOver and all game is nice but worse than first one I think. It missed the tension the first one had because u always had to run like an idiot away from maniacs..which happened too much throughout the game. But if you are a fan you'll like this game as I did :)"
,Recommended,414700,31371399,Posted: 26 April,all,Zeevolte,"Although I experienced a lot of lag, I still had a ton of fun playing this. If you have a YouTube channel (like me) this is a great game to play through if you like to get scared the right way."
76561198024874757,Recommended,414700,31605948,Posted: 7 May,all,Jokerstyle™,Great game with many intense chase sequences and with a great atmosphere. 9/10
,Recommended,414700,31613334,Posted: 7 May,all,Poppy,Describe Outlast in 2 words : Little PigDescribe Outlast 2 in 2 words : Jesus Christ
,Recommended,414700,31351813,Posted: 24 April,all,TheVeteranGamer,"Red Barrels, you somehow managed to do it yet again with Outlast 2. Improving on everything and anything that made the first game so great and i can not thank you enough for making this game ready of the bat as so many other games releasing fail to do. There are so many things that this game does well. It blends the whole experience so seamlessly into one perfect horror game that both feels and plays the part with a great story telling ability and fantastic interesting characters. I truly cannot praise this game enough for all the it has accomplished AND AT JUST $30.00! How could you not pick this up day one is beyond me. Fantastic game, fantastic developer. Great work 10/10, truly a masterpiece in the making."
76561198128374263,Recommended,414700,31353140,Posted: 25 April,all,Forerunner,"Horrible but commendable, just buy it! It definitly worth its price!!"
76561198066768694,Recommended,414700,31352030,Posted: 24 April,all,Kingmaster Clutch,I wanted to play more but by the time I was done changing my pants it was time for bed.
,Recommended,414700,31374113,Posted: 26 April,all,Dongbear,says has one of the most intense endingsi get to the end see a sun crash into the earthme i spent 5 hours of my life just seeing a sun crash to the earthalso the  game was really good
,Recommended,414700,31505079,Posted: 2 May,all,UNTITLED.PNG,Great game! Lots of jump scares at the end.The game is a little bit over-hyped.And the story has a lot of holes that needs answers in the dlc's.10/10 will♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants again
76561198024526097,Recommended,414700,31517159,Posted: 2 May,all,Spikethelizardlegend27,A great experience overall. I enjoyed it just as much as the first game maybe even a little more. The gameplay was fun and i dont understand all the hate for the chase sections i found them fun and were really intense! The story was very good but can be confusing. It really does a good job and makes you think  but in the end if you piece together the notes and recordings and the events of the story it makes a pretty clear picture of what is going on in the story and helps explain alot. I really hope they do a dlc like whistleblower from the first game to tie up all the lose ends that were not explained!
,Recommended,414700,31476025,Posted: 30 April,all,Uncle Triggey,Pretty realistic: God wants me dead.
76561198097339225,Recommended,414700,31829946,Posted: 18 May,all,Orange_Jewce,"LETS JUST START OFF WITH A WOW! Wow, this game is amazing. From start to finish none stop suspense. DEF. VERY SCARY !!!!!!9/10Would of been 10/10. but not enough explained at end."
76561198040611328,Recommended,414700,31712643,Posted: 12 May,all,>-NightBringer-<,"What can i say?A great game, tops outlast 1 in my opinion. All throughout the game i just felt complete suspense, no time to sit and chill constantly checking every corner for a jump scare (completed on nightmare mode) i would reccomend you try and play it on a higher difficulty as i found it gave me so much more gametime trying to be careful. The story took me a while to pick up on as i didnt understand what was happening, but after a while all all soon clicked into place. The collectables were cool to collect i liked the reccordings and how they worked, i always found myself constantly checking for collectables which is very rare for me to do in a game of this genre. Although i was abit dissapointed that they didnt come to anything in the end of the game, i thought they would of at least done some sort of montage or documentary your guy goes and makes about the ordeal. Gameplay was smooth and ran very well on my pc, graphics were superb got some evry nice screenshots from the game. If your a horror fan and like outlast one i would definatly advise you to go and buy this game! i didnt regret it and you sure wont!"
,Recommended,414700,31713077,Posted: 12 May,all,Chaks243,Taught me a lot about religion
76561198381581713,Recommended,414700,31801596,Posted: 17 May,all,BOOM,"The game is not bad,ist os very berror!"
76561197976666254,Recommended,414700,31809427,Posted: 17 May,all,cloudberries,"Cupboard Hiding Simulator is a fantastic game. In terms of realism, I haven't seen any other game which so accurately represents the thrill and pleasure of hiding in a well crafted cupboard. From the door-peek mechanism to the heart-pumping tension of thinking ""Have they gone yet? I should take a look"" and then deciding not to, Cupboard Hiding Simulator will leave you on the edge of your seat (although to get to the seat you need to leave the cupboard first)There is apparently a side quest, upon leaving the cupboard, which involves some (possibly) ghosts, (possibly) witches and scary countryside folk. It's apparently terrifically good fun, but I would need to leave the cupboard first and I haven't reached that point in the game yet."
76561198048607504,Recommended,414700,31801071,Posted: 17 May,all,mommymakeoutday,"Honestly i don't know why people are ahating on this game, just because its not like the first one. I enjoyed this game immensley. i would totally recommend this game."
,Recommended,414700,31817694,Posted: 18 May,all,Taro_Fortune,"I love this game. Possibly even more than the first. I was highly invested in the story and recommend getting every collectable to learn more as you go along. I was genuinely scared throughout my entire playthrough, as well as truly feeling for the characters. 10/10 for characters, mechanics, voice acting is phenomenal, graphics, story, overall tone and feel."
,Recommended,414700,32030756,Posted: 28 May,all,Nomiz,It's Dante's inferno but playd out with a camcorder.
,Recommended,414700,31729413,Posted: 13 May,all,Churkem,Much scarier than the first one if you think otherwise u must be a ravioli or something. Story and people you're suppossed to care about is like mleh but the gameplay works very well and is enjoyable. A complaint which I think everybody would agree with would be how much running you do away from♥♥♥♥♥♥which made it feel kinda cheap instead of needing to toy with the ai and juke past them and break those ****** ankles or just hiding and waiting which had way more tension than just running point A to point B. Overall I think its well worth $30 and it definatly marks it place on the small list of good horror games. Spooky Meter 8/10
76561198034852640,Recommended,414700,32116281,Posted: 1 June,all,endurAA,"scary, great chase scenes, easy to navigate around always tense and all round great horror feel to the game. if you're looking for a good storyline horror this isnt the one as this game is just madness and terror, easy basic understanding of the story though. overall recommend+"
,Recommended,414700,31618075,Posted: 7 May,all,Cheddle,"The best game I have played since Bioshock Infinite. Perfectly crafted game, no bugs, artstyle and atmosphere are PERFECT! absolute masterpeice - excellent work by the devs and artists!Game looks amazing and runs very well and dosnt require a very powerful computer to run.Absolutley horifying game and disgusting to the last detail - Games rarley horify or scare me but this one gave me proper chills.10/10 - must have"
,Recommended,414700,31473305,Posted: 30 April,all,Hetro,Wait until you are home alone at night and then play it on headphones.Good luck with not ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ your chair
76561198041772753,Recommended,414700,31473099,Posted: 30 April,all,Megamike1o,Same gameplay as Outlast and Whistleblower.New mechanicsBetter storyMind♥♥♥♥Use a diaper10/10 waiting for DLC or sequel
76561198090974280,Recommended,414700,31473146,Posted: 30 April,all,outmodedsnow,"As terrifying as the first one! And it is worth the price, trust me!"
76561198047677455,Recommended,414700,32718948,Posted: 24 June,all,Eddie,"The most sick and hard game ever played . It has good story , good effects."
76561197978063625,Recommended,414700,31494428,Posted: 1 May,all,HulaGremlin,Played it from start to finish only taking one break to eat something.  Loved it.  Twisted and horrifically fun.  The environments are detailed and grotesque and the cast of characters are more exciting and creepy than the first Outlast.  Highly recommended.
,Not Recommended,414700,31563255,Posted: 5 May,all,Shore Volker,Outlast one was better. Just try and error.
76561198316299008,Recommended,414700,32751112,Posted: 24 June,all,MegaMilez,I'm late but I'm enjoying the game thus far!Check out my playthrough :)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2xrOssKa5aU
76561198101671780,Recommended,414700,32534925,Posted: 18 June,all,FGEEE #enmask,"Alright, now i have complete the game and what i wanna say is that it was an a amazing game. This game was also scary to play because it was my first horror game i've played in my life, so do i recommended this game?Yes ofcourse i do just grab it and play it at night when it is dark.( sorry for bad english )"
76561198333607777,Recommended,414700,31358499,Posted: 25 April,all,Mr.Assassin,"This Game Is Truely Petrifying, i strongly recommend this game to everyone"
76561198130243700,Recommended,414700,31358802,Posted: 25 April,all,uwotm8,good♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,414700,31393388,Posted: 27 April,all,Professor Feathers,"THIS GAME IS MADE FOR EVERYONE !! i mean in a way. . . .**EDIT** THIS GAME IS KILLER it keeps getting more and more intese i dont know why anyone would hte such a masterpeice wish everygame looks as epic as this game its more scary than outlast 1 like 200times and im proud to say that really wanted this game to be epic and it is beyond my expectations!**-the system reqirements aren't soo high and it gives playable framerates in older mid ranged pc so well!! and looks GORGEOUS, beautifully optimised too according to me- IT MAKES BETTER EVERYTHING THAT WAS IN OUTLAST i was kind of nervous to play it cuz my expectations were quiet high from their last game and trust me they did a wonderful job! im so proud it turned out to be so nice EVERYONE SHULD GET IT more over they hve priced this game so reasonable so everyone can afford it, hats off to redbarrels for making that possible!acording to my review the first hrs of the game is terrifying it gives that same epic vibe of outlast 1 which is epicc!!i highly recomend this it would surely live upto ur expectations!!**adding on i played a few more hrs in this game and anyone reading this trust me ignore all those disliked review u will never get bored of it. its honestly in my opinion the best horror game out there and many say the same i was curious if it would be better than res 7 BUT IT WAS WAYYY TOO GOOD u will never get bored there is a constant flow of story n the sounds and visuals are just too perfect. . . i can surely say outlast 1 how it was back in its time is still as it is today atleast for me!! its good enough try it urslef**"
,Recommended,414700,31412909,Posted: 28 April,all,Ak1e,can i refund this game ?
76561198348029265,Recommended,414700,31367243,Posted: 25 April,all,Justin_760,"Well thats it for me. I kept telling myself, its just a game, its just a game, trying to bolster my willpower and resolve. Sadly, the crushing weight of pure terror is too much to bear. I dont know why this game gives me such strong feelings of anxiety and distress, but it is both disturbing and intriguing. The many layers of torment that have been imbued into this game orchestrate into a hellish experience, one that has compelled me to seek respite. The photorealistic graphics, superb sound effects, and profane occult symbology throughout the environment all combine to make a hellish experience. Outlast 2 sets the bar for atmospheric horror games, and the tone it sets in game is second to none.The fact that you cannot defend yourself in any way further intensifies the fear. Gameplay consists of utilizing a camera, navigating through the environment, and evading foes. The camera is your only light source to be able to see in the dark, and it has a ridiculously low battery life. While this is obviously done to balance difficulty, it also adds yet another layer of pressure. There are no weapons in the game and there is no combat, at least for you. The abomination I crossed paths with one shotted me, as do pretty much all foes in the game I assume.It boils down to a hide and seek/tag game. When you come upon a foe, the only option is run or hide. And you cant run forever so basically the only option is hide, as running is only done to take you far enough to hide unseen. So it is tag in the sense that if it gets within an arms reach of you, your out of the game. No chance to reconcile your fate, and no amount of skill is enough to mitigate death. In game like RE7 you could typically survive in any difficulty, in any situation, as long as you were skilled enough, or played your cards right. Personally I am not a fan of the hide and seek core gameplay. If it werent for the excellent atmosphere this would be a glorified walking simulator with occassional hide and seek sequences.Overall this is a very unique horror experience. Not unique in that it does anything we havent seen or done before, but because it is so masterfully executed and polished. Its visual/audial effects are unmatched, and the theme of satanic cults; while not being original, is very effective at setting an evil tone. Personally I am having difficulty playing it just because it is so damn scary. It is crushing tension and relentless peril, non stop.TLDR:This may attract some, but for myself it gives me so much distress and anxiety during play that I can only subject myself to brief bouts of play. I just didnt have fun watching my back every second, having incessant paranoia from every little sound, and getting one shotted by invinsible enemies. I enjoy most horror games, but this one not so much. I realize that I am likely not the status quo so I am still recommending this, but only for horror fans, or people who genuinely enjoy not only being scared, but constant tension and extreme difficulty."
76561198337033809,Recommended,414700,31367147,Posted: 25 April,all,mjthewhite,"they have patched a few things up from the first one, for example the camcorder looks amazing. The gameplay is action filled and jump scares everywhere this is a game where it keeps your heart pumping"
,Recommended,414700,31509598,Posted: 2 May,all,Fenz_sly,"First thing I want to say is.................... This game is not even half as scary as Outlast 1. If you're like me and you think Outlast 2 is gonna be scary, Prepare to be dissapointed. Even though I say all this,This game isn't half bad. Love the story. Love the gore. And it's 10$ so stfu and buy it. It's worth it."
,Recommended,414700,31517563,Posted: 2 May,all,Glarfootus,"For those people who says they hated the ending/makes no sense/don't understand, read Revelations lmao, perfect ending and story.In love with these games, thank you Red Barrels....now the wait for Outlast 3...."
,Recommended,414700,31556893,Posted: 5 May,all,Wewwwwwwwwwwwwww,good for you
76561198176050223,Recommended,414700,31447372,Posted: 29 April,all,Styless,"SO Scary and makes your heart beat so fast, well done."
76561198321996880,Recommended,414700,31450350,Posted: 29 April,all,mkxscorpion2000,"This game is so much bettter than the first one . I really enjoyed the story and the gameplay , but it is scary as S**t. Another good thing is that Outlast 2 is much longer then Outlast 1. So if u want to♥♥♥♥♥♥your pants and have some fun then this game is for you!!!"
76561198023332110,Recommended,414700,31455038,Posted: 29 April,all,Flandy,I like!
76561198063537662,Recommended,414700,31475985,Posted: 30 April,all,Howard,"Pickaxe lovin' ♥♥♥♥♥.Get this game, it'll make you♥♥♥♥♥♥your pants and puke at the same time."
,Recommended,414700,31455275,Posted: 29 April,all,spoopy boi,"At the time of this posting I am still not done with the game, but it's excellent so far, the atmosphere, the music, it's all so great. The school parts are the worst part of the game for the best reason, they're ♥♥♥♥ing scary, this is the only game I've screamed out loud from. 1112424/10"
,Recommended,414700,31424970,Posted: 28 April,all,EmberKnight,Exlent game Red Barrels done it once agian made me jump and get spoked also a grate story line i so want an outlast 3 now. if you havent bought this game then you should this is a grate exprince well worth the money and the time.
76561198249528942,Recommended,414700,31416856,Posted: 28 April,all,I'm a gay friend!,One of the best games in the horror genre
76561197963818555,Recommended,414700,31459109,Posted: 30 April,all,[Quad]Bektar,9/10Would be 10/10 if adult diapers were included.
,Recommended,414700,31368696,Posted: 25 April,all,Fiveoh118,Just a crazy game. Story was mind blowing and gameplay was amazing. beat it on release day.
,Recommended,414700,31368191,Posted: 25 April,all,andyzombie14 (アンドンビー,9.3/10 really fun game
,Recommended,414700,31365619,Posted: 25 April,all,Nuka-Nilo,"Im playing this game right now for my channel and its scary as hell, makes you jump really good at times, Ill give more of my thoughts when I finish the game, search me onyoutube.com/nukanilo."
76561198075042282,Recommended,414700,31369633,Posted: 25 April,all,wtfSolariS,"In the first hour, a crow made me♥♥♥♥♥♥myself. Have fun with this game."
76561198299285486,Recommended,414700,31375363,Posted: 26 April,all,TheLomason,Probably one of the most ♥♥♥♥ed up games i have ever played. Such an amazing game red barrels have truly outdone themselves. That ♥♥♥♥♥ with the axe haunts my dreams.
,Recommended,414700,31375458,Posted: 26 April,all,Kel Varnsen,"In short:Prettierand with amore interestingstory while being at least asscaryas the first one, Outlast 2 is one of te better run-and-hide horror games available.Just about everything has improved in this sequel, here's my rundown.Graphics:While being a very dark game, there is beauty to be found here. From the gritty art direction to the crisp textures, while running buttery smooth in 4K, the gruesome scenes are pretty in their own right.Mechanics:It's a run-and-hide game so there aren't a plethora of mechanics, but there are still more than the first game. There are more places to hide, pages and notes to be found, the ability to crawl, camera not only has night vision but also an enhanced mic which can be used to track your opponents' path through walls and doors, you sprint faster when you're not holding the camera, recorded scenes can be played back to discover more clues, etc.Audio:Music and audio cues are immersive and tense. Makes you wonder sometimes if certain sounds are coming from within your house or the game. Voice-acting is very convincing.Story:Won't go into details here (spoilers) but was definitely more interesting than the first game. Heavy emphasis on religion, which can be very scary as we all know.Horror:The story, settings and scenes all come together to create a chilling atmosphere that doesn't let off. The majority of scares are jumpscares, but they are never cheap. However, there are plenty of tense moments that do not rely on jumpscares at all. Contains scenes of explicit gore.If you liked the first Outlast, or any other games in the genre (Alien: Isolation, Amnesia, Slender, etc.), you will definitely get a kick out of this one."
,Recommended,414700,31376158,Posted: 26 April,all,septor_xy,I had the system requirements and the game still didnt function properly but i cannot give it a bad review as it still had a decent beginning to the story :/
,Recommended,414700,31376208,Posted: 26 April,all,Tony Bamanaboni,"I'm gonna admit it... This is a well crafted sequel to a game that was flawed but still a good spoopy ride. Outlast 2 fixes issues that the first game had and adds much more scares to the game, and not to mention they amped up the difficulty as well.The main character is your typical male lead who's scared of his own shadow, but this time he talks and the voice acting is really good. A lot of the voices in the game are pretty good, well appart from some of the enemies you'll encounter sounding more like your mom trying to be spooky with her voice. I do however, love the pastor/cult leader's voice, he just sounds so Southern and kind of reminds me of Uncle Ruckas from Boondocks.Graphically, I was stunned to find out that this game is running on Unreal Engine 3 rather than Unreal Engine 4... yes, they developed this game on an engine that's many years old yet managed to make the game look amazing even in the light and not to mention the texture quality. I'd say, good job to the designers behind making an old engine look pretty again because a lot of the effects look amazing.Gameplay is your same hide'n'run mechanic that a lot of Horror Games used which Outlast was the trender to use the mechanic. But, they do give more such as a crawling mechanic to go under fences and small holes that you wouldn't be able to get to by crouching. Though, I will complain that while Blake can leap large gaps and climb cliffs... he still can't climb over a barrel or even get past a shovel in the way.Overall, this game is a good one as it improves on flaws such as the hiding mechanics and improves them as well as the graphics, it's much nicer than the original and the Story, though feels B-Movie Quality, is still gripping and I would recommend this game even if you haven't played the original.Side Note:They did release Outlast, Outlast: Whistle Blower (Stand-Alone DLC) and Outlast 2 for PS4 and Xbox One called Outlast Trinity so if you have either of those consoles, I'd recommend it."
,Recommended,414700,31370697,Posted: 25 April,all,Cyb3rPunkk,"Great game fun, exicting,thrilling. To those who are to scared to play just brethe it's ok to die in this game do dont worry"
,Recommended,414700,31379018,Posted: 26 April,all,Tomato,"Same game mechanics different location and story. Very atmospheric and only a few hours in, but this game is $60 game quality for $30. Best money spent on a game this year and I appreciate the fact they didnt open up pre-orders. Other publishers take note! Grade A horror game."
,Recommended,414700,31488589,Posted: 1 May,all,blUEmOoN,"Because I'm not a retard, I refunded the game and watched the walkthrough on youtube. But in case you don't mind spending the money, the game is great. There are barely any iconic characters in it doe. In the first game, the most iconic characters were the doctor who cuts your fingers, big papa john and the 2 naked twins. In here the big chief enemies are boring cuz they don't ever interact with you with such character as in the first outlast.Don't get me wrong, althought the only character I gave a♥♥♥♥♥♥about was the main protagonist, the evil guys are pretty decent, just lame how you don't (SPOILER) actually kill them, they just either get left behind after you escape from them, or die in a scripted event with no context, but still, the whole story is much creepier and sadder than outlast 1.The ending is a mess, confusing and really♥♥♥♥♥♥ unless you watch some lore videos and stuff like that, then you'll understand it.My favorite part were the memories from the school and what happned to jessica, but that was the only part of the story that I really cared about cuz the graphics of the school were awesome.Great game, but it's confusing as ♥♥♥♥ and a giant mess, hope DLC clears things out."
76561197988542422,Not Recommended,414700,31410092,Posted: 27 April,all,Pk soldier,"It was okay, but overall disappointing,Pros:They’ve updated the camera so you have audio which is a nice way to avoid capture sometimesThe jump scares are in the game though only about 75% of them actually worked on me.  A lot of the times I came in expecting a jump scare and not getting anythingThe game is slightly longer than the firstStealth is harderCons:EVERYONE IS TRYING TO KILL YOU.  It gets annoying when you just have to constantly dodge everyoneMap is a little too big. It can take forever to find the exit because of how big the world is. This is while you are trying to run away from everythingIssues with actions and terrain.  This is probably just with me or something that will get fixed later but I had issues with locking doors or preforming actions because the hit box was so small.  Meanwhile a small stump would seem to have a 6 ft radius that you couldn’t walk through.The story seemed incomplete.  Either I missed a lot of stuff or they are relying on dlc to explain more about the story.  There was just so many plot holes that left me dissatisfied when I completed the gameMain villains are barely in game.  Walker was a constant threat in Outlast 1.  Wallrider became a constant threat.  The Twins and their genitalia had more screen time then most of the main villains in this game.Basic Review:Outlast 1 was a great game with scary villains, you felt connected to the main character, creepy atmosphere, and a deep story that left you wanting more.  Outlast 2 was lacking in all of those categories.  The villains barely get any dialogue or time with the character nor are they really terrifying as original cast of the insane asylum.  You get some theme music, they chase you for a few seconds and then you probably wont see them for awhile.  You know absolutely nothing about most of them, except the main guy and the two guys in the middle of the game.  They are just there doing their roles as scares and giving you a reason to hold down the shift button.The main character was hard to get immerse with simply because he became unbelievable as the game went on.  Without getting into detail, things just weren’t fazing the main guy that would have fazed the guy in the first game.  If this guy got fingers cut off by Wernicke he would have said the f-bomb twice and then be over it.  He kinda just got sucked into the world while leaving the player off on their own.The atmosphere in this game was not that scary.  In the first game you are in close quarters most of the time  in an insane asylum with a creature that can pretty much go anywhere.  In this you were in the wide open with human enemies. Occasionally you would get close quarters but it didn’t have the same effect.  Your best bet was to run and typically you would be okay.For me the story was the most disappointing part.  I will go into more detail below but for the general review it just wasn’t what I was expecting.  Too many holes and too much vagueness in plot that just leaves the player confused and wondering if the game was really thought out.  Part of the problem was that you did not have clear concise documents that you had in the first one which explained what was going on.  The second thing was that everyone was too busy trying to kill you to give you story information.  How did the group get here? Who is who?  What is with the school? What’s with the Inception music parts? Um why are you not freaking out about this main dude? Plus a lot of other stuff that would give too much away. I finished the game and sat there scratching my head going wait what? The ending explained nothing.SPOILER REVIEWSO to go into more detail:  For the main villain fact that the main leader of the cult is barely in the game was extremely annoying.  We  see him only in a few scenes and he is never a threat to us.  Its not like he is the main Doctor from Outlast 1 that isn’t suppose to be alive and gives you a twist in the end of the game. He is a main antagonist!  The Tall Woman with the pickaxe cross was never explained.  Unless I missed some important documents you kinda just knew she was a fanatic supporter.  No problem with the archer and his steed.  The main monster in the school was never explained other than maybe a form of guilt.  It could be something I am missing but still was annoying not getting any details. The satanic cult lady got some detail but again was not given enough time to have a developed character.The main character’s confusion on the two girls and then losing understanding of the two different worlds lost me as the game went on.  His retreat into madness simply confused me as he finds his pregnant friend and kinda just accepts it, he plays with a dead girl and accepts it, he becomes a little boy and just meh about it, and he kinda losses interest in the whole lighthouse thing.  The character’s desensitivity to all this just lost me as a player and made it harder for me to get involved in the game.The story was not tied up nicely like outlast 1 with an awesome ending.  Instead you are left wondering which world is which and feeling like the majority of the story is still being developed.  The most disappointing part for me was that it does not, yet, seem to be tied into the main story of Outlast 1.  I was so excited to explore more into these experiments that were being done and instead got a story, that without DLC, seems to be completely on its own."
,Recommended,414700,31408345,Posted: 27 April,all,"Kenneth Noisewater, PHD","I'm a couple hours into this game and I'm loving it. The game is beautiful, controls are fluid yet responsive. So far the story has had some nice twists. The game mixes in a healthy amount of psychological horror and relies less on gore and jump scares. So far, 8.5/10. Really happy I bought this game."
,Recommended,414700,31408678,Posted: 27 April,all,Interpolated,"I finished the game relatively quickly, I felt like much of it was just 'filler', or in other words, was just a bunch of extra tasks that the game would have been better without. It also felt like I was running away from something nonstop and when you are constantly running from an enemy, it becomes more of a hassle than it does scary. It definitely didn't have that amazing outlast 1 ending either, and there are many questions you will be left with, especially if you didn't read any documents thoughout the game, but even then you will still be questioning the reality of many of the situations and then the abrupt ending will leave you disappointed, unlike outlast 1's ending which, while certainly abrupt, gave you more resolve than Outlast 2's ending. Other than that, if you played Outlast 1 and enjoyed it, I do recommend that you play Outlast 2 just for the sake of experiencing it...and if you are 1hr 59min into the game and it still isn't enjoyable to you, back out ASAP and get your refund before it is too late because it won't get any better."
76561198283904094,Recommended,414700,31408720,Posted: 27 April,all,purelyhoshi,"I really like this game, it has some good horror to it as well as creepy aspects. A lot like the first one, however in my case I kept running into glitches where the enemies would just randomly appear out of thin air when I knew there were somewhere else. It happened CONSTANTLY. It was frustrating so I had to refund it considering I could barely get past certain points due to this ONE issue."
76561198322570208,Recommended,414700,31407119,Posted: 27 April,all,Nandy,play...be scared....dead...repeat
,Recommended,414700,31426262,Posted: 28 April,all,Jugger,GG
76561198354151912,Recommended,414700,31390917,Posted: 27 April,all,̔̏̊,Very good game alot of jump scares witch i like. worth the money. hope they bring out some sort of DLC of this. the story was very touching as well at the end.
,Recommended,414700,31423610,Posted: 28 April,all,Simon Cowell,"Best horror of 2017 in my opinion, One of the best endings and this game makes you very paranoid.very good sequel to its previous title.i also broke my desk and my mouse while playing the game since i jumped and hit the desk also threw the mouse across the room.10/10 would break more furniture again!"
,Recommended,414700,31462498,Posted: 30 April,all,J McCoy,"The game is more messed up and intense than the first one and I love it. It definitely has the feeling of the first game but it's also more atmospheric. The game is a lot harder too, when compared to the first game, but I kinda like that (even though I got annoyed at certain parts).  It took me about 10 hours to complete due to the time I spent hiding, trying to determine how the AI functions, and finding notes etc. The story was very interesting and kept me coming back until I beat the game five days after launch. The ending was a little slap on the face though, leaving some questions unfolded. Overall the game felt a bit too linear. I wish there was more room for exploration.So basically if you want to feel the ever growing dread all over again, with a few nice additions to the gameplay and an entirely new environment, buy this game. It's the sequel we needed. Thank you, Red Barrels. Keep doing what you are doing.8/10Edit: Apparently the difficulty has been updated. The game shouldn't be as hard as it used to be in launch."
76561198107418930,Recommended,414700,31575375,Posted: 6 May,all,☣LAKIES☣,The graphics is amazing the story is pretty good and the jump scares are great but the ending is kinda sucky sucky.
76561198076812959,Recommended,414700,31368493,Posted: 25 April,all,Tactical shibe,a game like jonestown cult incident.....hmmm...INTRESTING.
76561198261342006,Recommended,414700,31531696,Posted: 3 May,all,Yubel,"Best horror game of all time. Graphics, gameplay, story are all awesome like in the Outlast 1. Outlast games are the best because you can not use any weapons like in the resident evil series, you can just hide and run. Musics and survival instict, thats what it makes the game creepy. Everyone should play this Outlast series. The only bad thing in the Outlast 2 is walkthrough is very short. I finish this game with 8 hours. If you play fast and make no mistake you can finish it with in the  4-5 hours. That's why i give this game 9/10."
,Recommended,414700,33576975,Posted: 15 July,all,blades_2012,I really did love this one. Keep up the great work guys! If you loved the first you'll love pt2!
76561198024402642,Recommended,414700,33592840,Posted: 16 July,all,HMBRGRHLPR,"OUTLAST 2 should feel familiar if you played its predecessor. Sometimes more of the same is a good thing, sometimes it isn’t. In this instance, you get a little bit of both.Narratively speaking, this installment is not a sequel, but instead a developmental step for a new, promising horror property. Many gameplay elements are wholly unchanged between the first and second game. Outlast 2’s story is connected to the Outlast and it’s DLC Whistleblower in small ways; so small that some of the integral narrative elements that shed light on between-game elements are easily missable. These connections help form a universe that is solidified by well-realized gameplay and design choices. It’s important to go into the game knowing it aims to tell a story; it just so happens to have hit the sweet spot on how to tell it, even if that sweetness is soured by some by its unique presentation. By positioning their property in a place of narrative gaming, Red Barrels is free to take Outlast wherever they please. With Outlast 2, players are taken to places both unfortunately familiar and shockingly new.Both games have stories that stand on their own, but together form a larger mystery with unseen characters, entities, locations and events that players can only expect to appear in future content. If there’s any advice for those going into Outlast 2 for its story, please delve into it knowing you will come out craving more… in a good way. Red Barrels approached Outlast and this current installment with confidence that their game would sell. It’s not completely obvious, but playing through Outlast 2 helps illuminate the truth of our current gaming market; downloadable content is no longer supplemental, but is often integral to a full gaming experience. Upon completing Outlast 2, the developer’s place in this world is clear. Red Barrels is guilty of only one forgivable crime: they’re serial teasers. They are experts at backstory build-up. They make you want more.Despite the games penchant for hinting at a much larger universe waiting to unfold, players are provided a full, satisfying story – if they work for it. Outlast 2 gives you all of Outlast 2. It is a self-contained world that successfully sets up the promise of future Outlast titles. If supplemental content is released, players who opt for the ‘vanilla’ experience will not miss out on anything integral. Those of us who can’t get enough bloodsport voyeur are simply eating their scabby icing on an already decadent cake.This isn’t to say that the story we do get is perfect. The narrative is original, the presentation and gameplay is a intuitive, creative means of delivering a horror story. But for every novel element, there is an undeniable cliché. Nitpicking a game that arguably extends beyond what most developers can stomach doesn’t feel fair, but knowing Outlast is a series with potential means gamers should embrace the luxury of overthinking things. The problem with Outlast 2 is that any familiar horror tropes it uses stand out so much more than they would in other games. The level design is solid, but players deserve a better penultimate level than a mineshaft with half-baked, played-out minecart mechanics. Going through the area feels like the development team passed control over to an intern for the game’s climax. Even with the fear of monsters bounding through the darkness or falling into corpse-riddled cesspools, the very concept of the level is deeply unoriginal. The Vanishing of Ethan Carter, Silent Hill, and Resident Evil are all wildly different in regard to their story, but they all contain similar locations that may have, at one point, successfully played off of our innate fear of chaos in comfortable places. But Outlast 2 was released in 2017. The horror genre deserves something better than familiar territory. Outlast 1 was and still is a strong game because of its setting. Its successor is a hodge-podge of the best and worst of horror atmosphere.This is enough to mar an otherwise beautifully realized world – or rather, worlds. The player shifts between the grimdark sickness of Temple Gate and the halogen-lit memories of the protagonist’s Catholic school days. The instances in which you are suddenly sucked into Blake’s mind are well executed, though their frequency in the game’s latter half becomes more of a nuisance that chops up the narrative, and the charm is quickly lost. These are still forgivable stumbles considering the cleverness of the mind-bound vignettes. It doesn’t take an English major to connect the dots between the cult compound and Blake’s religious upbringing. However, it does take attentiveness and skill to discover each and every bit of information, and often you cannot go back for missed scenes or documents. The story relies entirely too much on information found through quick-time camera shots and scattered notes. If there is one saving grace for Outlast 2’s replayability, it’s the desire to find everything and get the whole story. In a horror game where repetition already neuters the most frightening moments – where death comes with very little repercussions – playing it over for one or two missing chunks of text isn’t quite as appealing as the developers could make it. Our world of DLC is also the world of YouTube where we can watch what we don’t have to buy and don’t wish to play through again.Regardless of these missteps, Outlast 2 is still very, very fun. Its imagery goes beyond gory to downright disgusting, its story has a satisfying climax, and you won’t find many other games with a similar, easy-to-pick-up control scheme. The game succeeds in many ways that make it well worth it’s price. I recommend Outlast 2 to anybody seeking a quick-paced, polished, engrossing horror story – so long as they can stomach some of the horror genre’s most graphic moments to date."
,Recommended,414700,33593024,Posted: 16 July,all,K'vuli,It's such a great horror game that I actually don't want to play it.
76561198026468322,Recommended,414700,33596861,Posted: 16 July,all,Krembollen,Amazing game
76561198098132249,Recommended,414700,32348615,Posted: 11 June,all,Girth God,It was damn good when you go back to the school. the rest was pretty ok. I liked it. the cls better explain some♥♥♥♥♥♥though. BRING US INTO THE SCHOOL MORE ITS BETTER IN THE SCHOOL
,Recommended,414700,31403675,Posted: 27 April,all,Shep,"Not sure why people say they don't like this, but to each their own... The plot was entertaining, graphics are great, and as long as you dont ruin it for yourself, it can be pretty scary. Definitley worth what it is priced at, and I am sure they will release some sort of DLC for it at some point down the road. Get it if you are into scary games for sure."
,Recommended,414700,31404125,Posted: 27 April,all,ReDeR,"Astonishing graphics, amazing storytelling all the way through. Immersive, engaging gameplay. Not too long, not too short. All around beautiful!"
76561198154830169,Recommended,414700,31404155,Posted: 27 April,all,PUNISHER,Amazing horror game! Probably the best i've played! I didn't think it could surpass its predecessor but it did! I just finished the game and i feel simultaneously shocked and relieved as it was a hell of a journey and a hell of an ending! For anyone that hasn't bought it yet do yourself a favor and go buy it!!
,Recommended,414700,31426807,Posted: 28 April,all,D3ADxH4Z3,"I wish I could do more than simply recommend this game. The developers have done an outstanding job with everything from the story, to the mechanics, to the visuals, and the voice acting. I always tried to explore as much as I could to get all of the notes and recordings. They add more depth and understanding to the story and answer questions that you may have. I did miss a few and after finishing the game had to look some stuff up, but this game was a rollercoaster that I will happily ride again. I could see paying a full 60 dollars for this game, and it is truly better than most triple a horror games i've played. Do yourself a favor and take a trip through Temple Gate. You won't be sorry. I can't wait to see what else comes out of Red Barrels. 10/10, no regrets on my purchase. This game is a masterpiece in my eyes. Be warned, it is VERY heavy with its subject matter and isn't shy to gore and disturbing situations."
76561197964403021,Recommended,414700,31427717,Posted: 28 April,all,Sin,"I'll keep it simple.The game is really fun, really challenging, really emotional, and really engaging.While I don't know the back story of this place you are trapped in it really is creepy and like hell on Earth.The only park of the game I did not care for was the very very end like the last 3 minutes of the game.I was hoping for more, more so the future beyond this crazy event that takes place but you don't get that.I hope the DLC explains this but over all the game was really good, really creepy, and really challenging.I recommend this game hands down and for this price it's worth it."
,Recommended,414700,31426618,Posted: 28 April,all,Dennis,Again a masterpiece from Red Barrels Studio!!Already excited for the DLC if they gonna make one!
,Recommended,414700,31368799,Posted: 25 April,all,braX,Super scary. The graphics are a lot better and the game is harder.
,Not Recommended,414700,31428576,Posted: 28 April,all,Laboring Connor,"I enjoy the dark theme and spooky vibe but at a certan point in the story the enemies stop being scary and start being frustrating obsticles. Also even if an enemy hasn't detected you they will wander twoards you unprompted (i.e. witch lady). After a while the spooky baddies stop being spooky and just become ""OH MY GOD HOW THE ♥♥♥♥ DID HE FIND ME IM HIDING IN A BARREL IN THE CORNER OF A CORN FIELD And hE WAS IN A HOUSE!"" but overall good plot and vibe."
76561198369741135,Recommended,414700,33683919,Posted: 20 July,all,HaiLegierung911,Marta is a Niggy REEEEEE
,Recommended,414700,31428344,Posted: 28 April,all,Interrogator_Chaplain N!N ®,"""So many Christians are like this, and these people scandalize others,"" -FrancisAnother great outlast title. The devs have changed the challenge and it was a smart move. A better if not scary expierence. In this outlast they challenge you in open areas. Not a first as outlast had a couple wideopen choakpoint trials. This one is mainly open with exit 'holes'. Now, a lot of other players have stated this as a disfavorable thing but I liked it. Even better, is that you now have a chance to expierence the fear without being pointlessly killed a thousand times thanks to the changes they made to the difficulty. All in all a great and beautiful game. If i had anything negative to say its that the style is lacking in torture. The A.i. is all about walking right to you. This is a hide and seek game where hiding is really quite pointless. The killing is even sad...er they dont make you twist or clamer, its all about the instant death..... Now, if i were in controll here id want to punish my player a bit.... maby give them a chance to run a bit before i cram a knife in thier head. But not here... the ai knows where you are at all times and if you dont move right or fast enough.... its just a quick jack off session for the ai and your back at load."
76561198138923081,Recommended,414700,31676321,Posted: 10 May,all,香蕉巧克力,why my saved game lost?? i alrdy complete the game but after today`s update it`s lost
,Recommended,414700,31452911,Posted: 29 April,all,Freeziepop,"Opens gameplays 10 minutesgets to first jump scareturns off game10/10But for real, thank you guys so much for making this game 30 bucks, super fair price and great so far!"
,Recommended,414700,31550678,Posted: 4 May,all,Bubba,-
,Recommended,414700,31765071,Posted: 15 May,all,󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡Nick Crompton,I Personly love this game the first 3 to 4 hours are amazing but for the other 2 to 3 hours lacked overall i give this game a 8/10
76561198089810969,Recommended,414700,31458627,Posted: 30 April,all,Ben,Very good
76561198274607788,Recommended,414700,31627153,Posted: 8 May,all,hardstuckd4,it's okay
,Recommended,414700,31466074,Posted: 30 April,all,DuckiestHydra,Great game that teaches your children about the christian truth
76561198206214457,Recommended,414700,33990438,Posted: 3 August,all,Rosi,"Game is good but now i cant finished the game alone without my friends on my near.So ♥♥♥♥ing Horror make me Jump scare ,i better watch Horror movie then play horror gameSuccesfully for make me scared"
76561198072215601,Recommended,414700,31454288,Posted: 29 April,all,BTsanwich,"When I beat this game I gave a standing ovation.  All by myself.  The ending is so worth every bit of anxiety this game gives you.  Incredible experience, I highly recommend."
,Recommended,414700,31454295,Posted: 29 April,all,spooky_kaden_callahan1220,"I am a Mormon,And a Mormon just believes."
,Recommended,414700,33447643,Posted: 10 July,all,Ashmic,"It was a good game but It didn't feel much like the first game. This game felt like it was just a running sim, no breathing in between and it gets old fast. I found myself in a rush to beat it because I was just sick of constantly having to run from something, no time to take in the environment or story. The enemies also act different from the first game. In the first game they patrolled the area, in this one however, it feels like they know where you are always, I believe I successfully hid from an enemy only once and barely at that. You could be in an area far from the enemy and hide without them seeing you and yet they will find you. The hiding spots aren't that good, especially the barrels with water in them, but that doesn't matter because most characters know where you are! I liked the idea of using the camera to gather notes, I thought that was clever but the rest was really just running and shock factor. The first game has it's fair share of gore but it also didn't solely rely on chasing and gore, it had a fair balance.  Its hard to understand the story, I only understood it once I read the Outlast comic, the characters aren't that memorable either. I recommend this game if you liked Outlast 1 in regards to the chase scenes, because this game is pretty much just that. One chase scene after another with no time to gather yourself."
76561198364347316,Recommended,414700,33447079,Posted: 10 July,all,妍菌菌1992,"Outlast 2 is a wonderful game. Simple as that. Fantastic writing and amazing story-telling assist it's transcendence of it's predecessor, Outlast. The game's additional mechanics make it feel like a fresh experience even for those who've played Outlast previously, and the story keeps you invested from the word ""start"". Some might say that certain bits of the story are overused, I'll refrain from stating which, in case anyone doesn't want spoilers. But, I'd say that even though some aspects may seem stereotypical, it's a testament to the skill of the Red Barrel team's writers to make it still as jaw dropping and edge-of-seat sitting as it could be. I've played it through twice already and noticed things the second time that I hadn't noticed the first time. The tension during chases and similar scenes was just as palpable as the first play-through, and they'll no doubt feel the same during the next one as well."
,Recommended,414700,32543827,Posted: 18 June,all,Strixwyr,"been waiting for this since i've finished outlast 1. i think the game would be more fun if the character can use some light weapons like knife, sickle or machete. we dont need heavy or range weapon. any melee weapons is still ok as long as we can defence ourselves. running, hiding like coward and defenseless is quite illogical but the game is still fun tho. the game is not really scared but dear nerdy blake, why u so coward. sigh.verdict = recommended. 8/10"
76561198039894094,Recommended,414700,31382388,Posted: 26 April,all,Joebug,Has a creepy school.10/10 never going to school again.
76561198152410999,Recommended,414700,34076065,Posted: 6 August,all,Satsano,"Outlast 2. what can i say about this run around screaming game. I could tell you the story, but you already know it if you played the first one. New area is cool but gets boring after half way throughn the game because all you do is run around. If you are a big fan of the first one you will love the school and might like the new area. But its all about taste"
76561198123914512,Recommended,414700,31392624,Posted: 27 April,all,Enforcer 47,May Wallrider bless me T_T 99999/10
76561198072097524,Recommended,414700,31370315,Posted: 25 April,all,DomiPastrami,"So far, so good. Love my horror games so I can't recommend Outlast more."
,Recommended,414700,31617084,Posted: 7 May,all,Tails' Cash Explosion,I hate this game.
,Recommended,414700,31910227,Posted: 22 May,all,𝕲𝕬𝕹𝕯𝕬𝕷𝕱,And here I thought only Sauron is the only scary guy in the world.GANDALF APPROVES!
76561198004793459,Recommended,414700,31383719,Posted: 26 April,all,MR☆KiRA,"""Outlast 2 contains intense violence, gore, graphic sexual content, and strong language. Please enjoy""You're goddamn right!"
76561198093207534,Recommended,414700,31909425,Posted: 22 May,all,Gothic Serpent,"There is a lot to like here, such as the sound design, animations, atmosphere, scenery, etc. It is certainly a beautiful game to look at and listen to.The biggest problem by far is the gameplay; much of it consists of trial-and-error involving your character dying over and over (a few parts killed me something like 20 times or more). This greatly hurts the games immersiveness and can desensitize the player to some of the most scary elements. Also, much of the plot and backstory details are more implied than actually explained, and certain key questions I had were never answered.Outlast 2 is definitely very different from the original in many ways, not all of them good. The first Outlast will certainly be a timeless classic of the horror-game genre; the second one, probably not. Still, the primary purpose (in my mind) of a horror game is to scare the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of the player, and in this regard, Outlast 2 delivers. If you compare this game to the original, however, you may be disappointed.Bottom line: it is very scary, but has significant flaws that will keep it from being a classic like the original Outlast."
,Recommended,414700,31364024,Posted: 25 April,all,Its Gankdalf,Most horror games today are absaloute garbage. THIS... and outlast 1 are the definition of a perfect horror game. Yes its linear but its linear done right. Also this game is sick lol. The devs are some sick ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s and i give them a pat on the back for it because it adds to the element of horror and just ♥♥♥♥s with your head as you desend into darkness. You think it cant get worse lol. People come to me and say omg resident evil 7 is soooo scary. no no its not. THIS IS ♥♥♥♥ING SCARY. Buy this game. It is worth every penny. And also be prepared with adult dipers because you will♥♥♥♥♥♥yourself garunteed mates.
76561198036729904,Recommended,414700,31383988,Posted: 26 April,all,Surreal Oblivion,If you like survival horror then pick it up but some things to concider from what I have experienced. I'm 6hrs in and zero scares. I find it more funny then scary. The story is ok but i was more intrested in Soma then what this is. Once I finnish this game I will update but as for now it's something to pass the time until F13 game drops
,Recommended,414700,31386524,Posted: 26 April,all,Tsukasa117,"Just finished it and honestly liked the first one better, I never felt threatening and the only times the game ever got me was the occasional jump scare. Game looks gorgeous when your not in the camera (sadly alot of your time is there) the VA work is solid as is sound design for the most part. The hallucinations involving the main protagonists past are some of the better bits of narrative. I think what killed if for me was just the copious amounts of trial and error chase events that made up 70% of the experience. I got the good ending on my first go round and felt ok satisfied for the most part but it left me feeling like I had to have missed something as a lot of loose ends and some rather important characters just dont have a conclusion. For me and im propably gonna get hate bombed its a good game but it falls into the same issue I had with SOMA I loved the game but as a horror experience I often found myself just shrugging off most of the 'scary bits'. Overall I would say unless you just HAVE to have a good horror game to play and not all the Early Access tat that gets thrown on Steam its a good buy at the price otherwise I'd wait for a sale down the line."
76561198377234885,Recommended,414700,34566333,Posted: 28 August,all,Melzimer,Pretty good
,Recommended,414700,34596674,Posted: 29 August,all,Soupy Twist,I ♥♥♥♥ing hate this game10/10 would recommend
76561198014426414,Not Recommended,414700,34416434,Posted: 22 August,all,YOU LOVE DD,This is my first steam review.Huge fan of the first game.I can only reccommend this game on a sale when it's %50 off or more.I haven't even finished the game because of how boring and repetitive it is.I don't plan on finishing it either anytime soon.
,Recommended,414700,31387959,Posted: 26 April,all,Mj. Malevolence,This game has been a mind♥♥♥♥. I approve.
76561198054870003,Recommended,414700,31389170,Posted: 27 April,all,Guanoboy,"This game is goddamn  aweful, in a way that makes me throw my headphones in fear. This is honestly a great game, the music is impressivly scary. I....I just damn, its good, buy it and get scaredPlay with the lights out and at night for the optomal effect, as long as you are fin with little to no sleep"
,Recommended,414700,33383513,Posted: 8 July,all,Uros629,Volim krompir
76561197984212381,Recommended,414700,31428584,Posted: 28 April,all,Smiddler,"beat it in about 4 hours, wasnt as good as the first. Mostly just running from things and jumpscares. The game itself is ok but not great so wait for a sale not worth $30 imo."
76561198127510123,Recommended,414700,31660459,Posted: 9 May,all,SveinBjørn,"Amazing atmosphere, incredible step up from the last game. Would recommend to any horror fan."
76561198195889995,Recommended,414700,31513657,Posted: 2 May,all,R_slate,This game is great. I felt like a did a bit more running away than outlast 1 but there were still stealth mechanics. The story was great and the locations were amazing. The biggest dissapiontment i has with this game was that it had to end!
76561198118525286,Recommended,414700,31512235,Posted: 2 May,all,Call me Pichael,"I have played through outlast 1 four or five times. I played it throught again a few days ago to see what all the complaining was about for outlast 2. I see people complaining it's just are chaser game. Weeeeelll the first one was a chaser game as well. I don't see why people are complaining about being chased a lot when that was a major aspect of the game. I don't know if people thought there would be a profound new way to be chased? If the game mechanics were great for Outlast 1 why change it if it ain't broke for Outlast 2? Outlast 2 is also longer than Outlast 2 so it makes sense they would probably have more chaseing going on.I haven't finished the game yet, but I have enjoyed every minute of gameplay! I had high expectations and trust me this game is worth the buy!"
76561198072752208,Not Recommended,414700,31401528,Posted: 27 April,all,Brian Apple,"Outlast 2 looks much better than Outlast 1, the gameplay is fun at first BUT it gets boring HALFWAY and the ending kinda sucks. (It was also too obvious what happenend to Blake's girlfriend/childhood friend)I'd recommend it when it's on sale.10/10 would get stuck in a classroom again."
76561198031438544,Not Recommended,414700,31401595,Posted: 27 April,all,Ghastby,"wait for a sale.the smooth level design of the first game's been replaced with messy trial-and-error environments; there's an overabundance of enemies and more often than not it's not clear where you're supposed to be running to. That combination will result in death after death as you find yourself sandwiched between inbreds with knives.Everyone who played the first game remembers the handful of intense, well-designed chase sequences. This entire game is a chase sequence.The environments are beautiful, but exploring them is not only pointless, but counter-productive; you'll either waste a battery to (maybe) find a battery, or a bandage you'll likely not need, or a boring document that's just religious text. I read all of the documents in the first game because they were interesting. This time, I only picked them up for the sake of collection.There's some really neat new mechanics, like reviewing footage or using your camera's mic to tell where enemies are. But combined with the night-vision you'll constantly be using, the rapid battery-drain is just another pain in a game that's already beating the crap out of you.There's a few 1-hit enemies that are stupidly difficult to escape from, which is where most of the trial-and-error issues take place.The story's in two parts; the present and flashbacks. The flashbacks are interesting and genuinely emotionally gripping at certain points. I didn't care about the other part of the story (the present events) whatsoever.It's not a bad game, but it's just not as good as the first. Pick it up if you liked the first game, but I honestly wish I'd waited for a price drop."
,Recommended,414700,34869342,Posted: 10 September,all,☢ Alex The Great ☣,"God is dog backwards, coincidence, I have no ♥♥♥♥ing clue, spooky game doe, a lot of fecal matter spilled."
76561198080459295,Recommended,414700,31360810,Posted: 25 April,all,OZ BOT,good horror game but not the best
,Recommended,414700,31549511,Posted: 4 May,all,Lamp²,"This game is GREAT, and super ♥♥♥♥ing demented. Don't let anyone tell you anything else."
76561198152817997,Recommended,414700,34476689,Posted: 25 August,all,Bananana,"A great game, scary and tense that constantly keeps you on your toes as you escape your enemies whilst trying to keep your stamina, I love the addition of the school as well. It's kind of like two games in one that makes you think about the characters' relationships and backstories. I would seriously recommend this!"
,Recommended,414700,31404656,Posted: 27 April,all,Pleasant,Completed it and i'll give it an easy 10/10. i love it so much. it's my favorite horreor game so far.
,Recommended,414700,31381119,Posted: 26 April,all,Swededweeb,"A fun, eight-hour romp through the end times."
76561198207019916,Recommended,414700,31549860,Posted: 4 May,all,Russ,11/10
76561198374134615,Recommended,414700,32200342,Posted: 5 June,all,Bebek poposu,good game
,Recommended,414700,31547788,Posted: 4 May,all,Reapermike,"If you're expecting something as awesome as Outlast I and Whistleblower, i'm going to have to dissapoint you.It definitely is a good game, but the earlier ones are way better. Just read a few people's experiences about the trial and error-style of venturing forward in the game.Now the big thoughts: the main antagonist ""Father"" Knoth is a good example of a Jim Jones sort-of charismatic leader figure, who eventually leads his flock into their deaths, and commits suicide in the end. About his gospel, all i can quote is:""18 For I testify unto every man that heareth the words of the prophecy of this book, If any man shall add unto these things, God shall add unto him the plagues that are written in this book:19 And if any man shall take away from the words of the book of this prophecy, God shall take away his part out of the book of life, and out of the holy city, and from the things which are written in this book."" -Book of Revelation 22:18-19 KJVSo, what the game offered to me personally was a horror-filled and adrenaline-pumped way of saying don't add or subtract anything out of the Word of God. Simple.Reaper recommends."
,Recommended,414700,31381151,Posted: 26 April,all,🅱 a l e x,representation of a catholic schoolalso this game is good. only 1/3 of the way through but still haven't been fully spooked once :D
76561198087197861,Recommended,414700,33841632,Posted: 27 July,all,Neo,Not as good as the original tbh..The story is very loosley put together. The narrative could have been neater and done better..The game is still scary as f***. Is it worth the price? Yes. You will get a solid 10 hours of gameplay out of this game at an average pace. Maybe longer if you read every single document and bonus content. Quite honestly its good at best not amazing. Too much time was spent running around doing repetitive jump scares and runnning and hiding. instead of explaining the story..Also they are alot of loose ends and unexplained points in the game that the character mentions. Leaving most players confused or wanting more.
76561197991940839,Recommended,414700,31380882,Posted: 26 April,all,JackyG,Red Barrells Consistently puts out great work yet always manages to improve significantly with each entry. The graphics and sound in Outlast 2 are bloody exceptional particularly the score which quite frankly felt perfect.Outstanding tour de force in independent horror.
,Recommended,414700,31491191,Posted: 1 May,all,FoReVeR,"Although Outlast 1 was much scarier, but this one still a masterpiece, a very twisted sick game. The whole thing is a must to go through. Warning, this game is very disturbing."
,Recommended,414700,31502399,Posted: 2 May,all,DAZxONE,Scariest and most disturbing game since Outlast! Totally recommend for a patrician gamer ;)
,Recommended,414700,33839686,Posted: 27 July,all,Tfinest,I loved this game to death yes it can be really confuseing at times but when you figure it out you have a lot fun i don't know why people say about it's not like the first outlast to be honest i am pretty sure that outlast 2 was not supposed to be like the first outlast. It's a different experince you have to get into it and not judge it because it's not like the first outlast anyway this game is amazing and I would recommend it to anyone who likes horror or wants to try it
,Recommended,414700,33823771,Posted: 26 July,all,フレイムヘイズ,"It's not comparible from its predecessor that falls to the horror tropes cliches, but still a great game that delivers great scares."
76561198368464654,Recommended,414700,33826849,Posted: 27 July,all,dp228901,cannot describe in words just buy this game!!!
76561198088823813,Recommended,414700,35136994,Posted: 22 September,all,Gitta_UrnicornNugget★,"It took me many batteries and many skreams to complete it,I played the game on hard first time and i recomend this game to everybody that likes horror games 11/10 would scream again!"
,Recommended,414700,31387411,Posted: 26 April,all,federiko,I am UI Programmer lol nice game
76561198055196636,Recommended,414700,31385598,Posted: 26 April,all,Reyn,Scary game.
76561198098765289,Recommended,414700,31567459,Posted: 5 May,all,[HOMO]Branflakes107,Make sure to save up for back to school clothing.
76561197971644838,Recommended,414700,31609563,Posted: 7 May,all,nvr2fst,"Phenominal game.Not finished yet though.Atmosphere is A1 ! Reminds me of the camera work in the Evil Dead.The visuals in 4K are incredible.The farther in, the more I like it."
,Recommended,414700,31607016,Posted: 7 May,all,Pass The Mustard,"This is even better than the first game.  It is more scary, has a better story, and your character actually talks.  This game does a well job of putting two stories into one.  If you played the first game and you think this looks good, definitely buy it."
76561198079450397,Recommended,414700,31470692,Posted: 30 April,all,Trevjosh,"Outlast 2 isn't really a scary game it is more of a tense mystery game. Never did I feel truely terrified of anything in the game and the only time I was scared was when I turned around after a cutscene and there was a person standing right behind me. Overall the gameplay of Outlast 2 is the exact same as the first game, which is either good or bad depending on how you thought of the first game. The story is very intresting and keeps you wondering how all the things will turn out and connect, but sadly at least for me by the time the credits rolled nothing was really explained for me(this seems to be the case with a lot of people). Reading the notes you find and paying attention to random npc dialouge can really help peice together some things but that shouldn't be a requirment to understand the game, and instead should just inhance the lore of the world. To be fair the first game sort of had a similar story in the sense that you can kind of understand it on a surface level and is good enough to keep you moving, but if you read the notes then the ending was a huge plot twist for you. The problem with Outlast 2's story is that it is like playing the first game but the credits roll right before you go to the labratory section, it would work but a lot would be left unexplained and require a lot of guessing by the player. Another main issue is that while this game doesn't rely on jumpscares as much like the first game it doesn't really replace that with a better alternative, the most scared I got was when I knew my pursuer was only half a second behind me, and this didn't scare me because they were terrifying more because I didn't want to do the whole chase over again. The chase sequences are far too linear and can be hard to tell exactly where you are supposed to go which lead to a lot of unfair deaths. Another puzzling decision was that the school scenes where fairly creepy and scary, so it bewilders me why they didn't just stick with this for the whole game as it was far more scary and even used some physicological horror and not just jumpscares. The school scenes were also far easier to grasp on what the story was trying to tell making those scenes be the main reason to push on to figure more of the story out. The graphics are amazing and the game runs very well which should be commended. The game also trys to be edgy with graphic scenes of gore or by criticizing religion, but they seemed to be in there just to try and be controversial and not bring up a important discussion. Overall I enjoyed the game and would say it is worth the price since it isn't even full AAA price for a fairly AAA title.Score:7.5/10"
,Recommended,414700,35386764,Posted: 1 October,all,Zaverell,"Major religions are so outdated! Cults! that's where it's at! luckily the people of Red Barrels knew this and drop you into the sexiest cult in the East side of Nowhere lead by the sexiest beast of them all Sullivan Knoth (Sully to his Besties). You play a different kind of crazy news journalist that is on the hunt for his wife who had one of those 'let's birth the Anti Christ' phases in her life as the followers of, your royal sexiness, Sully try to hunt her down and kill her.10/10 The Devil is in the details.....and your wife.....probably"
,Recommended,414700,31364847,Posted: 25 April,all,The Earthbound,Jesus simulator
76561198118845778,Recommended,414700,31364977,Posted: 25 April,all,_PINEAPPLE_,i cant get past the first chase help
,Recommended,414700,31376613,Posted: 26 April,all,TessaBellaGlanville,"This game was amazing! The graphics were great and ran smoothly no bugs that I found at all. There were a few jumpscares but they were spread through out the game so it wasnt constant. The real fear factor is being chased by the crazies, knowing their right behind you and one wrong turn could mean your dead. Love it <3"
,Recommended,414700,35235983,Posted: 26 September,all,Screamin' Beave #TF2SP,"TL;DROutlast 2 is very well made, it won't disappoint you if you love shock factor in the horror genre, and games that rely heavily on well-done atmosphere. There is less ""helpless cat and mouse chases"" + sneaky sequences in this one as opposed to the first one.I loved it and wholeheartedly recommend it to fans of horror games that blatantly express the fact that the developers put their heart and soul into the creation of it; a true diamond in the rough.I started following the development progress of this game as soon as it was confirmed to be coming, and waited in anticipation of its arrival for months. Deep in my heart of hearts, I KNEW that is would not disappoint. I was correct. I purchased this game not long after it was released, and have been slowly chipping away at it. It is an amazing game, a true staple in the horror genre; I enjoyed it far more than I enjoyed the first game, and I really liked the first game, despite disliking the game mechanics. I have a dislike for games that make you run and hide the whole game. I don't find them to be scary, just tedious. However, if everything else about the game is done well, I am more than willing to look passed that. I am so glad that I did that with the Outlast games, as the stories and atmosphere more than make up for that. Be warned, those that really love cat and mouse gameplay, that Outlast 2 mixes up the gameplay a lot and there is a lot less of that compared to the first game, which is probably why I enjoyed the second installment so much more. I personally love shock factor in games, and love it when developers really push their limits with what they use to get under your skin, it makes for an enjoyable experience, in my opinion (of course everyone is different and I respect that). The atmosphere in this game is absolutely fantastic, every aspect is combined to give a truly haunting feel to everything. The graphics are incredibly nice, and the styling is perfect for the vibe the developers are obviously going for. Everything feels grimey, and a sense of ""wrong"" permeates the enviorments. There was one instance where the game made me have to physically quit playing it for the night because the scene caused me such discomfort. I haven't done that with anything since I was very young. I was so impressed, and that just made me love the game even more. If I'm going to play a horror game, I want it to make me feel scared or uncomfortable. I don't play horror games to feel like butterflies and rainbows, you know? Anyway, the story was quite interesting, especially presented on this medium as opposed to being made into a movie, which felt very refreshing. I loved how the game switched between the two time periods and eviornments, it did so in the best way possible. The voice acting was believable and fit well with the characters, which is always a big plus. I am going to be thinking about this gaming experience for a long time, I think. It touches on many subjects that are difficult for most people to consider, which is what makes it trully chilling. I loved it and wholeheartedly recommend it to fans of horror games that you can tell the developers put their heart and soul into, a true diamond in the rough."
,Not Recommended,414700,31370958,Posted: 25 April,all,Wrath,"The gameplay is just one poorly designed ""Run Away"" segment after another. Segments filled with dead ends, locked doors, and ""Push the Object"" 'puzzles' that quickly turns a intense panic filled chase into an annoying fatal game of Trial & Error.Save your money and watch a YouTube Lets-Play if you care about the story."
,Not Recommended,414700,31489662,Posted: 1 May,all,Leviathan The PImP,"Bad story, Not scary, and Bad gameplay.The first game was better, get the first game..."
,Recommended,414700,31353815,Posted: 25 April,all,Motocrosscamden,scary as ♥♥♥♥.
,Recommended,414700,31357089,Posted: 25 April,all,Justin The Horse,The gore was good.The sex was good.The priest♥♥♥♥♥♥was good.The camera was good.The boobs were good.20/17 One of my favourite horror games
,Not Recommended,414700,31834981,Posted: 18 May,all,Anthony,"The pacing and direction in this game is not great. The suspense and build up of anticipation is lost in all the running and random scriptures. There are definitely moments that will leave you breathless and on the edge of your seat, but I couldn't help but feel disappointed in the end. A majority of the time is spent outside with tons of room to explore versus the claustrophobic, tight spaces of Mount Massive Asylum."
76561197993280540,Not Recommended,414700,33943968,Posted: 1 August,all,General Porcupine,"For context, I have played and thoroughly enjoyed SOMA, Alien: Isolation and Amnesia: The Dark Descent.After playing Outlast 2 for 4 - 5 hours, I was not completely sure if I would recommend this game or not, but as I never finished it, I suppose I can't. Visually, it is excellent. Great graphics and use of assets throughout the game - you really feel like you're in hell on earth! The game is fairly scary and I had my fair share of panicked dashes through corn fields and jump scares. Voice acting and music is on point too.The big issue is story and the highly repeative nature of this game. Please bear in mind that I never finished the game, so I do not know if the story improves towards the end. However, I never really understood what was going on between the endless running, sneaking and dodging villagers with sticks. As a player, I don't feel for the characters and while the protagonist's story builds over time, it was really too little too late. It just feels like a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥attempt to add story to a game that's really about the horror elements. To be honest I thought this was an issue with the first Outlast as well, but then the novelty of the game style (IR camera, running while looking over shoulder, etc.) made up for this.You get thrown into the game straight away and your first encounter with something scary is really rather disappointing. All of a sudden you just come across a couple of villagers who chase you. No building suspense at all. You get to see tons of gore almost immeadiately (corpses, crucified people, etc.), which is really too much too soon - it all just feels a bit ""meh"" after that. As context, I think Alien: Isolation is the complete opposite to this- suspense is built over time and when the Alien finally appears, you basically go cry in a corner.Finally, the repetitiveness. This game just goes on and on. Running, hiding, crouching, getting chased, hiding some more. The scenery is very similar and the night-time setting gets boring fairly quickly. After 4 hours of gameplay, I chose to stop playing as I realized I was no longer enjoying myself.TLDR version: Great graphics, music and voice acting, but repetitive and with a lackluster story. If you LOVED Outlast 1 you will probably enjoy Outlast 2 as well. If you found the first game so and so, you will probably feel the same about the sequel.I hope this review is to some help for those thinking about purchasing Outlast 2!"
76561198065513822,Not Recommended,414700,32238786,Posted: 7 June,all,Clumsyninja,"I am sick and tired of trial, and error games, and played enough to realize that this wasn't goign to be fun. Just a huge guessing game, and if you fail,  just repeat it until you guess right. No skill, no thought, just run and hope you choose the right way to go. I will never buy another Outlast game again."
76561198042997864,Not Recommended,414700,31454666,Posted: 29 April,all,Toastninja,"Bought the game ... Asked for a refund.It's basically ""Running Simulator/Religion hater 2017.""Very repetitive. You run, run, die, die, run, die, reset the a-hole chasing you, die, and run.Developers hate Catholics. Waaaay too ""in your face"" stabs at religion. I'm not even religious and I found it offensive. I'm pretty sure not all Catholics are pedophiles, so stop making their priests and everything about them seem that way.Eff this game. Find something else to play."
,Recommended,414700,31351626,Posted: 24 April,all,Reverie,Keep calm and cut my♥♥♥♥♥♥:)
,Not Recommended,414700,31406477,Posted: 27 April,all,Rachi,"To be completely honest I was hyped for this game, but it turned out to be a let down. The game itself does the opposite of everything the first game did right. All you do is run away from the horde of enemies or die trying. But, what makes it even worse, dying is a good thing. It resets your battery and health so you aren't punished at all! If you mess up a run, simply die! On top of that there is literally nothing scary about the game. The atmosphere is nothing but load noises and pitch black darkness... so scary. Do not purchase!"
76561198343458329,Not Recommended,414700,31872735,Posted: 20 May,all,Mitchell Jr.,"umm, gay jumpscares, not scary and delete this"
76561198020085437,Recommended,414700,31398567,Posted: 27 April,all,Nokzen,Perfect experience.
76561198040823941,Recommended,414700,31364559,Posted: 25 April,all,CookieDan,Some scary♥♥♥♥♥♥https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lrFG9-q3xCE
76561198111999057,Not Recommended,414700,31472312,Posted: 30 April,all,はい、それは難しいで,страшна
,Recommended,414700,31433049,Posted: 28 April,all,Letcher20,"outlast 2 is great game, but can you remove the monster? to make game more fun"
,Not Recommended,414700,31450882,Posted: 29 April,all,「✪ Just İhsan ✪」,Interestingly its requires much more performance then stated SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS.don`t let it trick you. I had to refund. Check youtube for fps test or etc.
76561198150194265,Recommended,414700,31758990,Posted: 14 May,all,The Mikeman,Shows what religion does to you.
76561198086142047,Not Recommended,414700,31518737,Posted: 2 May,all,Ladiesman217,Good game if you want to get scared. Also good for teaching kids about the true values in life. Lol. Amazing game.
76561198254393802,Recommended,414700,31456497,Posted: 29 April,all,vortex shadowstalker,i have to say...im actually really usure what to say there are pros and consok the pros first:VERY good graphics and stuffVERY good storygoodish a.i. for enimies (idk how to spell that)ok now the cons:possibuly odd sounds/music or thats only mequite laggy (possibuly cause i got a potato computer)but anyway imma give this a thumbs up cause its a good scary gameoh i almost forgot a rating9.4/10 maybe
76561198032006515,Recommended,414700,33216805,Posted: 3 July,all,Lone Wolph,"just as good as the first one, maybe better."
76561198032577881,Not Recommended,414700,31635339,Posted: 8 May,all,marksnow909,What a dissapointment. Excellent graphics and atmosphere......and nothing more really. EXTREMELY CONFUSING and ANNOYING. You don't know where to go half of the time and it's just about running....and running. It fails where Outlast 1 excelled ... the tension where you really need to hide and wait . I beat the game in a couple hours and had to hide maybe 10 times. The last hour was just boring ... and what was the story about ? i din't get this game at all. Definitely not recommended unless on sale for less than 10€.
,Recommended,414700,31368591,Posted: 25 April,all,kill my ass,A lot better than the first game and is the ultimate spook
,Not Recommended,414700,31656235,Posted: 9 May,all,Monkey D,"4/10. the game's visuals are the best thing about it, the gameplay itself is more horrifying than the story or atmosphere. give up now, because once the AI sees you, you're dead, running and hiding doesnt help. if you prefer stealth horror games that give you a chance at passively fighting back then dont buy this game."
,Recommended,414700,31775031,Posted: 15 May,all,ZiCell,Totally was not scared.*smells poop*
76561198023383968,Recommended,414700,31867306,Posted: 20 May,all,t3hrazor ✯,"Outlast 2.The game is set in a apocalyptic enviorment where you basically run around in the dark in the wilderness trying to find your beloved, while doing so your♥♥♥♥♥♥scared of being well, scared and it constantly builds up your anxiety, the story of the game is pretty great, felt like it couldnt have been done better.Graphics are stunning, FX Physics are incredible and the voice acting is wounderfull, other than that there isnt really much to say other than the only con i could think of is the short story.OTHER THAN THAT YOU SHOULD BUY THE GAME."
76561198378067570,Recommended,414700,31880282,Posted: 21 May,all,亚洲吴彦祖,不敢玩了   不可以联机  一个人玩好怕
,Recommended,414700,31490201,Posted: 1 May,all,Panda,the game was scary as hell xD
,Not Recommended,414700,31983914,Posted: 26 May,all,未知LEANDOERの死,"Short, but very tense.Run from religious rednecks in the desert.But holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ what an awful ending."
76561198163722707,Recommended,414700,34311186,Posted: 17 August,all,||M.RR.O||,Not bad but Outlast 1 is better :/
76561198120137683,Not Recommended,414700,31424899,Posted: 28 April,all,Lionheart †,"I will just do a cons, pros. Nothing more. I've just played the whole game.Pros-Good graphics.-Excellent atmosphere, supported with good graphics.-Simple gameplay that everybody can play.-Sometimes scares you.-Tension is high because of the chase scenes.-Pretty good characters. Designs are good.-Its cheap.Cons-Poor story that explains nothing and just readable papers to explain the whole story.-In the first five minutes. The boss comes up and kills you. WHATTA HELL!! You are showing me who is going to be a really bad♥♥♥♥♥character in the first five minutes and i die? Why are you killing me that earlier. I've just began for f sake. Very bad planning. First enemy that shows up a boss. Nice thinking. Very well done.-Repetitive gameplay.-Linear gameplay.-After playing for 1 hour. I quickly get adapted to the atmoshpere and the came couldn't scare me anymore.-The game is kind of a chase simulator 2017.-The game doesn't let you to breathe for a second. For f sake. I wish i could just move around and read some papers and miscellanous stuff but NO! Someone have to chase me.-Short gameplay. 7-8 hours.-You die very often and it makes you quit the game. Its very annoying.-Gore, gore and gore.I dont know what to say. It was a disappointment for me. If you are into this stuff and if you loved the prequel i mean the outlast 1. Maybe you can give it a try.  But in my opinion, it's not worth it."
76561198192525535,Not Recommended,414700,31554078,Posted: 4 May,all,yevgenyt11,"It's really hard for me to admit but Outlast 2 is not a very good game.First of all, it's very unfortunate because Resident Evil 7 set a very high standart (mostly because I think the devs got inspired by some of the mechanics in the first Outlast). Playing Outlast 2 after RE7 is just a bit underwhelming. But my biggest gripe with this game is the fact that it relys too much on trial and error. Each time you have only one route you can take when someone chases you and even if you have multiple choice - getting rid of chasing enemies is pretty much broken. Sometimes they just wait near the bed you climbed under and you have to start all over until you figure the one safe way to reach to the next area. It's just frustrating. That's something that rarely happened to me in the first Outlast.And it's a shame because the story is pretty ballsy and edgy and the game looks very good. But for the most part, I found it to be pretty much unplayable."
76561198133933988,Recommended,414700,31429812,Posted: 28 April,all,THIS IS SPARTA!!!!!,:)
,Recommended,414700,31399303,Posted: 27 April,all,nick,SCARY AF. GOOD STORY. Dont let the review trolls ruin it for you. The connection to Outlast 1 is also beast.
76561198154168165,Recommended,414700,31403427,Posted: 27 April,all,stamdam,1 play game2 get scared3 close game4 look at puppies and kittens5 repeat
76561198107580793,Recommended,414700,31361929,Posted: 25 April,all,Doge,♥♥♥♥ me why am i even playing this game
76561198017768350,Recommended,414700,31603929,Posted: 7 May,all,Phantigma,"ヅVery creepy, such Catholic, much scares, wowヅ"
76561198122994882,Recommended,414700,31475445,Posted: 30 April,all,LightTrack,"Alright so as someone who recently also finished the first Outlast + DLC i am pleased to see that this one also lives up to the expectations of horror and visceral depictions i had for it.The gameplay is solid, while it's sometimes ""Run for it, it's easier!"" and ""Hide in the only closet in the room! They'll never look for you anyway since the AI is not programmed that way."" it is still enjoyable and has it's fair share of scares.The levels of Darkness are extremely high. About 90% of the game you have to have your Nightvision up and manage your battery usage accordingly.While i was pleasantly surprised to see a new feature on the camcorder (the microphone) it doesn't serve much purpose if you are a skilled player. It has low interaction and is usually just used to hear what people are saying better or the rare case when you actually need to locate someone in the middle of the woods since some people have bad visual memory.The gameplay is 7/10.  Could use less gliché scripted sequences such as escaping from chasing enemies or never getting caught while hiding.Theme - 10/10. The game is dark and horrid. Not gonna spoil anything major at all but i'll talk about the ending a little later vaguely.SPOILER ALERT THEN!Story - 5/10. So sad. I can't even..i finished the game and it didn't answer any questions at all aside for what happened in the past but even there there were some questions despite it being obvious that Blake was feeling guilt over Jessica...not sure about how much he loved Lynn then in comparison.Also, the ""Holy Light"" that was with you from the start made no sense since it had an effect on everybody.In one of the dream sequences you were talking to Jessica over a computer and your Nickname was ""BlakevsTheMachine"" which was very alarming. Was it the Morphogenic Engine again? Something else but bigger? I don't know. It never got answered what that light was or where it came from. Not to mention how Blake could survive while being ""blacked out"" unless he was actually going insane but still...the real world doesn't stop existing while he's in la-la land.Not to mention how brutally sad the ending was.Overall: 7/10."
,Recommended,414700,35143834,Posted: 22 September,all,Anonymous_92302,Very verrryyyy Amszing the end was definetly not expected. Loved every bit of it.
,Recommended,414700,32398185,Posted: 13 June,all,Callity,its ok I guess
76561198101069443,Not Recommended,414700,35343086,Posted: 30 September,all,Truehunter™,i got licked by a man
76561198176896525,Recommended,414700,31492841,Posted: 1 May,all,SLOBOZIA,this is the best horror game so far.I REALY RECOMAND IT!!!!
76561197968474206,Recommended,414700,31456356,Posted: 29 April,all,Tyrant,Stop hiding in barrels and embrace the chase.
,Recommended,414700,31456602,Posted: 29 April,all,✪ RG,"one of the best horror games I have played, every turn keeps you terrified and the story is unique, I highly recommend"
76561198317512443,Recommended,414700,31468730,Posted: 30 April,all,Ghost,"Best horror game, I recommend it."
,Not Recommended,414700,31585700,Posted: 6 May,all,The Elder Cat,"Refunded, no way near as good as first."
76561198088049966,Recommended,414700,31510254,Posted: 2 May,all,Chris Wizzudz,"All I can say about this game is that it is one of the best horrors I've played in a very, very long time. I've been a fan of Outlast since the first one came out a few years ago, and while I certainly enjoyed Outlast 2, it was not quite at the same level of the first. That doesn't mean it's bad in anyway, since this game was plenty terrifying (Especially Marta), but it has its downsides. For example, the first chapter just drags on and on and on, and the rest of the game just flies by afterward. And the school was just...well, it's like the game was trying to tell two different stories at once, and neither were related to each other. One minute, you're trying to escape one of Knoth's minions, and then suddenly you're pulled out of that story and into the school. It got annoying real quick.But those are really the only problems I had with the game. It's still got that scare factor that the first Outlast had, and I would definitely recommend it to anyone looking to play it.PS: Dear Marta, with the highest possible respect, please take that pickaxe of yours and shove it as far up your rear as physically possible. Sincerely, everyone."
76561198084642455,Recommended,414700,31919206,Posted: 23 May,all,avatarilove,Rip Jessica
76561198129951108,Recommended,414700,33235971,Posted: 4 July,all,Freeky,You think that the first game was scary? Think twice!
,Recommended,414700,31479782,Posted: 30 April,all,SkippyTrippy,"Really good game, strongly recommend it.It's probably just me, others seem to be very scared from this game while I wasnt. I would feel anxious sometimes but I wouldn't really consider it to be scared, Also only during the part where you're in a school environment. Getting chased by one of the main monsters or the lady with the cross who reappears through the game. Getting chased by the pawns just didn't seem scary at all it was more like ""seriously ♥♥♥♥ off""."
76561198147052959,Recommended,414700,31443880,Posted: 29 April,all,Jeeraku,The story is pretty good. Alots of jump scare btw but it's okay for me xD. (happy ending:D)  I RECOMMEND THIS GAME!! XD
,Recommended,414700,31442118,Posted: 29 April,all,Meatorino,freakin sweet m'guy #trespoopy
76561198044342800,Recommended,414700,31403727,Posted: 27 April,all,Thals,♥♥♥♥ing scary
76561198068350954,Recommended,414700,31660251,Posted: 9 May,all,Kimi_Johni_Uni,Better than the first by far! PRAISE PAPA KNOTH
,Recommended,414700,31450198,Posted: 29 April,all,DADDY,If I was in a horror situation I would be in this type of situation
,Recommended,414700,32690192,Posted: 23 June,all,Zandy12,The game had a very interesting story behind it which made more sense as the game progressed. The ending (which i'm not going to spoil) was a bit shocking but was also mind-blowing. The graphics are amazing and the game had plenty of jumpscares that scared the crap out of me. Outlast 2 was a great game as well as the first Outlast although I wish some parts of the story made a bit more sense.
,Recommended,414700,31802843,Posted: 17 May,all,nordic_knight,some parts are really scary but the game is great
76561198101174580,Recommended,414700,31403433,Posted: 27 April,all,michael1685,"Legit the scariest game I have ever played! Thrilled to record it for youtube! And this game was well worth the wait! In my opinion it tops the original outlast! Great job to the developers. Also, I'm not usually to picky about graphics but these graphics are some of the most beatiful I've ever seen.Check out my playthrough,gameplay,Letsplay of outlast 2:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l45H4gg54Wg&t=915sHeres Episode 2 to the story:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9sXltoAIGTg&t=107s"
,Recommended,414700,31458186,Posted: 30 April,all,Sir Isaac Fig Newton,"Slow start, but quick to pick up. Left me confused and disturbed in the best way possible. do recommend."
76561197962525261,Recommended,414700,31457791,Posted: 30 April,all,DORAEMON ◕_◕,For me it was fun though lol
,Recommended,414700,31797838,Posted: 16 May,all,Tesky,"I havent finished the whole game yet, but I can promise this is a pretty terrifying addition to the genre and Outlast series overall. Im making videos on this game with facecam! If you wanna check them out ill leave the link below.But Im honestly enjoying this game, Worth the buy!Outlast 2 Playlist:https://youtu.be/BK1eK08Js6E?list=PL26NIusmNT3♥♥♥♥aLl1RwTji♥♥♥S7ltHP"
,Recommended,414700,32458386,Posted: 15 June,all,bladereborn212836,A must get better than the first a must get 10 / 10
,Recommended,414700,31390712,Posted: 27 April,all,--,1 word. COOL. i only can describe this game with that word. Am i only here who offended to those cracker over there?  u really wanna crack this game? the cheapest and mose fun game in 2017? u better die :). looking forward to some DLC's
76561198288791617,Recommended,414700,34331845,Posted: 18 August,all,krimsons,"I want to say it first - storytelling is terrible in this game. The plot is there and it's good but it is served horribly. After finishing the game very little is clear.Now, this game is the scariest damn thing I have ever played!!! I love horror stories based around cults and religions and with the ammount of ♥♥♥♥ed up stuff this game provieds I wasn't disappointed. The game does have a few jumpscares and a lot of gore but they are not what make this game scary. The haunting atmosphere, characters and level design, the feeling that you are only aguestin this messed up village and everyone around know this place so much better than you - that's what makes this game so scary. Yes, you get used to enemies and mehcanics but the feeling of being alone, lost and vulnerable never leaves you.Also my cat decided it would be fun to touch my leg as I play so. Yeah. Hope they fix the plot holes and explain it more in the dlc, overall - great game."
,Recommended,414700,31615308,Posted: 7 May,all,MemeStein,My♥♥♥♥♥♥and balls LITERALLY get cut off by an angry ex wife going through some psychotic midlife crysis. Another thing I'd like to add about this game is that IT SCARES MY♥♥♥♥♥♥OFF! :0
76561197968558774,Recommended,414700,31871087,Posted: 20 May,all,The Polite Vanguard,"A full journey of serenity, love and joy, demonstrating the good principles of a beloved religion.† Halleluja †"
76561198100009701,Recommended,414700,31872894,Posted: 20 May,all,Kappa Kai,Great spooky game!
,Recommended,414700,31852324,Posted: 19 May,all,Fred,Like horror games? This is your go-to
76561198123695339,Recommended,414700,31420231,Posted: 28 April,all,Spartan,..
76561198161920001,Recommended,414700,31871914,Posted: 20 May,all,Medic,Nice game!
76561198278003387,Recommended,414700,32693770,Posted: 23 June,all,FatAssPanda,"Played it just for DEM VIEWS boi!..Jfk outlast 2 kicks♥♥♥♥♥and specifically yours! You will find yourself in numerous ""difficult to handle"" moments, or should i say ""extreme"" ones, where there is no other option than just keep moving forward!P.s you won't be able to sleep easily the first few nights ...then u'll get used to it (i mean the lack of sleep ;) )"
76561198148584384,Recommended,414700,33437749,Posted: 10 July,all,hamie_monster,very good game played it all in 1 looking foward to the dlc if there is going to be 1
76561198178917790,Recommended,414700,32659362,Posted: 22 June,all,KHINOISE WHO SAVED THE CHRISTMAS,Best 2017 horror game!!!!!!!
76561198342706701,Not Recommended,414700,34776109,Posted: 6 September,all,SkelaC14,"If you've never played this series before, you should try it. If you do, stay as far as you can. This sequel has some deep and interesting plot indeed. However, the gameplay is pretty mcuh the same throughout the whole game. I kinda feel annoyed after spending 2-3 hrs in this game, the enemies aren't scary, they are annoying.I suggest you to get it on sales."
76561198008475063,Recommended,414700,31513190,Posted: 2 May,all,takismav,"very scary,i♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants in the woods!!!"
,Recommended,414700,31513788,Posted: 2 May,all,JayNme,20 seconds and im already crying in fear. And im now closer to Jesus.
76561198126166192,Recommended,414700,31514002,Posted: 2 May,all,강간,"Not sure what all the fuss is about..Fun but is almost always tense and scary in MOST parts.Its also a game of stealth, so if you enjoy hiding, sneaking around in a scary setting perfect game for you.Although it is true that a few areas are in the game are rinse and repeat, this doesnt make it not fun but if you keep getting killed by a certain enemy it might make the game area less scary/interesting.Overall I think its a great game but also scary."
,Recommended,414700,34918194,Posted: 13 September,all,Nutshiny,That was a good game to play! Really scary! I recommend it >D
76561198379517526,Recommended,414700,34507147,Posted: 26 August,all,SkyMelon,This was my very first horror game purchase when coming on to steam and I was not dissapointed. I really love the take on trauma and ptsd. And the process of ones own past they'd rather forget bleeding into reality and putting this unique twist on how the game pans out. This was a nice step away towards something more risky a departing away from the first game as well. Which I also have after getting this game.
,Recommended,414700,31404174,Posted: 27 April,all,Ak_Duke,"Okay, so where to start. First off this game is amazing, I enjoyed every second of it and I applaud what Red Barrels did. This game is a must have for any horror fan and will definatly be worth a second playthrough. The game is more crude, sick, and twisted than the first."
76561198104478750,Recommended,414700,32221120,Posted: 6 June,all,Pitcho,10/10 would poop my pants again
76561198247866328,Recommended,414700,31670064,Posted: 10 May,all,werdna1990,The visuals in this game are astounding cant wait for DLC the ending just made me want to know more so many un-answered questions I need the DLC NOW!!!!!
,Recommended,414700,31472526,Posted: 30 April,all,YO KUSH SOY farmskins.com,"I am 52 years old, and I thoroughly enjoyed this game!  Though I pooped all the pants that I own, my parents bought me all the new pants that I need because I did all my chores today!"
76561198196613070,Recommended,414700,32769534,Posted: 25 June,all,Berti YT,NICE
76561198374233287,Recommended,414700,34007598,Posted: 3 August,all,KrissLim,"What a horror game! I cant stop heartbeating while playing this game, this was twice times horror than the first one, and the graphics were so realistic,  but still a 3d vision anyway~a must play game!!"
76561198247074490,Recommended,414700,31468466,Posted: 30 April,all,Pesukarhu csgoroll.com,really nice game
76561198209498805,Recommended,414700,31504772,Posted: 2 May,all,Boogie,<3
76561198066665013,Recommended,414700,31467246,Posted: 30 April,all,Arby's,"As someone who didn't play the first, the only thing wrong is the main sountrack in the game is a rip-off of 'If you're happy and you know it'.8/10 would clap my hands again"
76561198177901389,Recommended,414700,31550696,Posted: 4 May,all,oh worm?,"outlast 2, or as i like to call it, jonastown simulator,"
,Recommended,414700,34242402,Posted: 14 August,all,Aesthetic Junk,"If you liked the first Outlast, this can disappoint you. However I think it's worth taking a look if you are a fan of horror games. My honest advice, give it time, don't do pee pee in you panty panty after the first jumpscare and don't be puss puss.Pros:+Good story (give it some time, the first to hours are boring but it gets better at the end)Story can be vague at some points, but if you are far enough in the game, it becomes clear.+Some jumpscares are really well done (without sudden loud noises and more subtle jumpscares which can be far more creepier and less annoying)+Good graphics+It's really challenging in nightmare mode+Ambient and sound effects are really well doneCons:-Half-naked grandma with pickaxe (at least she's wearing a curtain)-3:00 AM challenge Cupido sitting on a terrorist-Redneckssolid 8/10 best racing gamelike skyrim but actually nothing related to skyrim and looks quite similar to outlast 2if it was a game, it would be a good game"
,Recommended,414700,34285315,Posted: 16 August,all,Goeli,"Outlast 1 is definitely the better Outlast.In Outlast 2 the game focuses more on story than actual gameplay. Most of the time you are just being chased, there is also no reason to hide because you can just run to the next checkpoint.I also found Outlast 2 less scary and had fewer jump scares, but maybe this was because I played Outlast 2 right after Outlast 1 so I was a bit desensitized."
,Recommended,414700,34309712,Posted: 17 August,all,| #Belvox |,Very scary.So far i spent more time looking at the pause menu than actually playing the game.10/10 would pause again :D
,Recommended,414700,31581181,Posted: 6 May,all,Bobby,"This game actually had me scared, not that many games have been able to do that these days. I would definitly recommend this game to anyone who likes horror games."
76561198052454601,Recommended,414700,31583608,Posted: 6 May,all,Zeres,i think this is a good game but i don't really get scared of horror games anymore and the chases and the jump scares got reprepetitive i would recommend this game to anyone who's new to horrors or get easily scared
,Not Recommended,414700,31428050,Posted: 28 April,all,ajeba,"Do Not Recommend, go play the first two games."
76561198050656160,Recommended,414700,31608882,Posted: 7 May,all,Grimm87,"Beware,this game contains:OccultismUrineTigLimbsApostleSatanismTorture2 metres woman with a pickaxeAbandon all hope you who enter this game"
,Recommended,414700,31612147,Posted: 7 May,all,Gopnik,Spooks. Alot of spooks.
76561198042183345,Recommended,414700,31612948,Posted: 7 May,all,nyberg_1988,O.M.G This is scarier than Amnesia 10/10 best Horror game ever made!!!!!! No joke !!!!
76561198205548392,Recommended,414700,31614932,Posted: 7 May,all,thicc as Bricc,its a goood game.But the fu**ing sound wont play...
76561198095038127,Recommended,414700,31615953,Posted: 7 May,all,👻,yeah...fk this sht
76561197979953179,Recommended,414700,31613603,Posted: 7 May,all,Turbulent Juice,"Now although it's not as scary at Outlast 1, it has it's moments.Visuals are far better, and the AI is on point."
76561198012430497,Recommended,414700,31610122,Posted: 7 May,all,Rankho,Huhhuh! :D
,Recommended,414700,31571017,Posted: 5 May,all,~S.A.S~xDeathoRx,"Outlast 2,A True Masterpiece Game!!!!!All Things I Wanted To See On Outlast 2,Finally Are On..Jumpscares Are On The Way,Hiding All Time,Darker Than Outlast 1 And Whistleblower,And Also I Love The Paranormal Scenes Of The GameStory Is Fantastic,Game Uses Unreal Engine Graphics,Very Realistic In All WaysI Really Love This Game,And I Hope Red Barrels To Give Us DLC And More Outlast GamesBTW I Really Wonder Walrider,Watching THIS????"
76561198359455031,Recommended,414700,31359932,Posted: 25 April,all,Richard The Wizard,so far im having fun with it. very good game.
76561198136454506,Not Recommended,414700,31498860,Posted: 1 May,all,Sean,ProsGreat looking game.Great voice actingEdgyCONS>unsatisfying Bad ending>RUNNING from the monster over and over again>why dose everyone have machetes>not scary>Left so many unanswered questions.Wait until the dlc comes out.
,Not Recommended,414700,31368490,Posted: 25 April,all,GloriousGorg,"The gameplay feels clunky. The AI is incredibly stupid and overall it just feels like the devs added more enemies to make up for their stupidity. And because there are always at least 5 enemies chasing you, it gets old really fast. I didn't feel threatened when I was about 1h into the game.When I loaded the game up and played the intro I was really motivated to dive in deeper. But after I met the first enemy for the second and third time I understood that the game had lost me. Every encounter uses the same boring run and hide mechanics. Feels like the devs created two encounters and copy pasted them through the whole game. You are either super safe, or surrounded by loads of enemies.The level design is very linear and movement is quite limited, you'll get stuck on invisible walls regularly and that may lead to your death. And every area of the game is loaded with cliché props like baby doll heads and rocking horses. I mean, I get it, it works. But it's just way too much. I couldn't even finish the game in one sitting, it just annoyed me with its slow, undemanding and repetetive gameplay. I will finish it, but I really can't say I had much fun.I'm really dissapointed."
,Recommended,414700,31357668,Posted: 25 April,all,Fiveros™,THE BEST HORROR :3Realy recommend this gameNice story
76561197991340735,Not Recommended,414700,31513003,Posted: 2 May,all,Stardog,"Outlast 2 is a sound failure in the horror game genre. It is a perfect example of how thematically good material and a decent initial story can be ruined with poor design decisions and sloppy game mechanics.The game suffers from mainly the same weaknesses the previous Outlast had, but this time also adds a plethora of new problems. The chase sequences are back, with a vengeance. There is so much gore it desensitizes you in an hour or less and finally the story falls flat on it's face quite quickly.You will be spending the great majority of your time in this game running away from hillbillies and other freaks. From my 10 hours of game play roughly 7 hours were spent running away from threats. It starts from the beginning of the game and continues all the way to the final moments. There is rarely a calm moment where you can soak in the atmosphere and actually explore the environment. There is practically no back story to the environment or why it has turned out the way it did. And you never really find anything out about the characters in the game.The characters and bad guys, while initially interesting, quickly turn boring. Gone are the threatening psychos with amazing encounters and unforgettable death scenes. You get only three bosses in the entire game, each with wholly anticlimactic endings, that instead of filling you with relief most likely will make you merely shrug.The story, while interesting in the beginning, quickly turns confusing with two disjointed stories that have absolutely no correlation between them, apart from you having to play through them.Unfortunately for the game's atmosphere, it is ruined with gore. You get treated to so many corpses I highly doubt there would be anyone left alive in the village. You see so many severed body parts, disemboweled humans and butchered animals that it loses any meaning behind it faster than you can imagine.In the end, Outlast 2 turns out to be a very boring game. I was sorely disappointed. It tries to justify it's repetitive game mechanics with it's shocking depictions of sexual violence, manipulation, religious fanaticism and childhood traumas.I would have asked for my money back, had I not accidentally left the game running as I went to prepare food, and so my two hour time limit was filled. Not worth your money, unless it's on a steep sale."
76561198012736444,Not Recommended,414700,31410609,Posted: 28 April,all,Finna Jack Dis Pickle Bihh,"Nowhere near as good as the first game.It's not particularly scary. At all. The setting isn't as interesting, and setting it outdoors causes it to lose the sense of claustorphobia that the first game had. The story started off potentially interesting, but just fell apart as the game went on, and REALLY dragged♥♥♥♥♥for the last hour or so.Speaking of the last chunk of the game, it's just chase sequence after chase sequence almost nonstop. It's incredibly exhausting and not in  a good way. Especially since  I found the chase sequences to be quite annoying this time around. It's almost never immediately clear where to go, which wouldn't necessarily be a bad thing if taking a wrong turn didn't almost always mean you were ♥♥♥♥ed.I could go on and onDespite loving the first game, I wasn't expecting much from Outlast 2, and I still came away disappointed."
76561198304695028,Recommended,414700,31352444,Posted: 25 April,all,hrvoje.hercigonja,"SCARY...I play for about 5 min,and i like it...need batteries"
,Not Recommended,414700,31448438,Posted: 29 April,all,levanteri,The game is alright but you just get stuck too many times. play half an hour and then where the **** am i supposed to go. stuck in one part for hours and most of the time end up looking online how to get forward...
,Recommended,414700,31366680,Posted: 25 April,all,Heffzkii,"Its a very good game, dont listen to ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ who say its bad"
,Recommended,414700,31428691,Posted: 28 April,all,talon |,"Outlast 2 places you in the shoes of an investigative journalist, once again, who is burdened by the most unlikely and terrifying circumstances. You crash land in the middle of nowhere, Arizona only to be led to a satanic cult's funland.  It'll take more than just your wits to get through this nightmare.You can sneak, run, and hide but sometimes that's just not enough. Dying and coming up with better strategies against the game's AI is one of the only ways to survive. Most players will probably quit playing because some scenes are just too much on the dark side but others will figure out that it is just a game and finish it.Highly recommended because it's got a decent story through some hellish landscapes with some very interesting takes on the horror genre. But once you figure out the AI, it gets much easier and becomes more of a run-til-the-end kind of game. You just want to finish it because, well, you're never not being chased by something. However, it is possible to sneak through most of it."
,Recommended,414700,31352231,Posted: 24 April,all,✪ J-M ✪,this game is not for human
,Not Recommended,414700,31759865,Posted: 14 May,all,💕TIN-CAN💕,"First I like to say Outlast 1 and the DLC was alot more enjoyable to play.Second the game had was too much anti-Christians tones to the game.You can have a horror game without trying to bash the Christian community.Could have been just as good using satanic vibes in the game.  I think the gamewould have been better off going through the school the entire game then mostlyoutside.  I did enjoy the school scenes.  Also you can have a scary game withoutall the gore.  Think it was way over the top with the gore scenes.  Scary doesn'thave to be gory.  Everyone in the game has a flash light but you could pick up onereally makes no sense.  Maybe trade out the cam for some night vision goggles anda flash light.  Outlast 1 was a 10 out of 10 in my book.  Outlast 2,  I give a 5 out 10.The 30 dollar price also makes me feel ripped off.  If you haven't bought it yet wait toit gets down to 10 dollars.  I feel thats where it belongs in price.. Sorry but I don'treccommed this game at the 30 dollar price...."
76561197966725752,Not Recommended,414700,34890137,Posted: 11 September,all,stanbaran,"Just my 2 cents but...I hated this game. I've been playing games for years and I really enjoy them, but I found this game practically unplayable without consulting a walkthrough about 90% of the time.Here's what happens: After a plane crash, your character has to locate his wife who has been kidnapped by a wacko religious cult who believe she is pregnant with the Antichrist. You have no weapons and don't even have a flashlight as you make your way through a world where it's alway dark. All you have is your video camera, which you can use as a source of light, as long as you have batteries for it, which are scattered all over the place. You're being hunted constantly by just about everyone else in the area and they are running around with axes, knives, spears, pitchforks and whatever else they could use to kill you, because they believe that you are the one who impregnated your wife with the Antichrist.My problem with the game is this: Good games make it fairly clear to you where you need to go and what you need to do as you go through the game. That's what makes the game fun and keeps you moving forward in it. This game, though, apparently assumes you somehow already know all this. It's rarely clear what it is you're supposed to be doing most of the time, and while you're running around trying to figure that out your batteries are running down, so you often wind up with no more batteries and therefore no more light to see anything. I won't even mention the incredible amount of gore in the game, with women and chldren being tortured and killed everywhere you go. To be clear, I love a good FPS and have no qualms about shooting, stabbing or hacking to death any character that's trying to kill me. In this game, though, the people being killed and tortured are innocent victims, and the pileup of the death and blood and tortured bodies really gets to you after a while.Having said all this, I'm sure there are some gamers who will read all this and laugh, because they didn't have any of the difficulty that I had with the game. That's fine. I'll just say that this game is definitely not for everyone and it is definitely not for me. Like I said, just my 2 cents."
,Recommended,414700,31359908,Posted: 25 April,all,Fr0st_P1xel,10/10 would change diapers again.Also I livestream this game everyday (almost) and other games as well on my channel :)https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCoPQ_8q3iktqi3We91q9uoA
,Not Recommended,414700,32137096,Posted: 2 June,all,ini5o,"Outlast 2, developer Red Barrels’ follow-up toOutlastandOutlast: Whistleblowerfrom 2013 and 2014, respectively, sees a couple in Blake Langermann and his wife, Lynn, embark on an investigation as journalists to the wilderness of Arizona. The subject of their investigation: the disappearance and murder of a pregnant woman identified only as Jane Doe. A distant blast hampers the beginning of their journey, and the aftermath separates the couple. You play as cameraman Blake; in seeking to reunite with Lynn, Blake uncovers physical – and, as the story is set within the same universe as the game’s predecessors – metaphysical sinister forces at work.Red Barrels reproduces and further develops some of the elements that madeOutlastsuccessful: a protagonist ""armed"" only with his camera, with a seemingly finite supply of batteries dependent on discovery; paper and electronic notes scattered throughout the environment that add depth to the story; and a twisted religious fervor that bleeds in the hearts and minds of its antagonists. Red Barrels did well to develop some of these elements further. The camera, for instance, can now acquire and pinpoint sources of noise to allow players to anticipate enemies and adjust their approach accordingly. Further, it allows players to record certain set pieces and play the recording back, to listen to Blake’s thoughts. Finally,Outlast 2introduces a set-within-a-set: Blake relives childhood experiences as a demon pursues him.Repetitive mechanics, however, scarOutlast 2’sexperience. Frenzied running between two points replaces cautious stealth-based approach. These paths are concrete and fixed, promoting a ""trial and error"" approach that stifles innovation (read: discerning enemy patterns in movement and adjusting accordingly). By the game’s final act, this kind of repetition makes the game’s approach to its conclusion feel rushed. The repetitive nature ofOutlast 2’smechanics is most evident in the number of scares in and of themselves. Red Barrel seems to have doubled-down on this number, leading to desensitizing the effect those scares can have on players. Simultaneously, players can exploit some of these instances to minimize or escape them entirely (don’t turn around).Outlast 2has traces of its predecessors’ spirit. Just don’t expect it to have a soul."
76561198330952430,Not Recommended,414700,34904947,Posted: 12 September,all,The Coon,"This game is proof that graphics aren't everything.4/10 would refund againEDIT: For those saying my review wasn't helpful, let me explain further.My review was the conclusion of my thoughts on this game. To expand on that further (and what lead me to that conclusion), I would say that this game is incredibly repetative and boils down to figuring out the path to follow through trial and error. The challenge is not rewarding, it is repetitious and frustratiting. This makes the underlying story feel irrelevant and shallow as you feel like you are simply following the rut of an algorithm:>enter new area>sneak by AI anda)don't get seen, figure out right way to go orb)get seen, sprint untili)you find the right way to go orii)die and try again>escape the chase/sneak scene>enter new area........RINSE AND REPEAT.The graphics in this game are the best I've ever seen, and the enviroments and lighting are immersive. But sadly that imersivity is broken by the afformentioned repetative gameplay and lack of depth. In other words:This game is proof that graphics aren't everything.4/10 would refund again."
,Not Recommended,414700,31519262,Posted: 2 May,all,gordon 86老司機,not that horror disappointed :/ but it's good to play story was boring but still ok  Rreview:6.577891420321/10(rly out and rly last)
76561197994228803,Recommended,414700,31366109,Posted: 25 April,all,xD,It's ok game
,Recommended,414700,31366328,Posted: 25 April,all,Foul,Who knew how useful batterys actually are!10/10 would recommened extra batterys
76561198151134114,Not Recommended,414700,31760235,Posted: 14 May,all,Delee,DISSAPOINTMENT! You guys ♥♥♥♥ed up.
,Not Recommended,414700,31926319,Posted: 23 May,all,RichardTamura,Coward simualtor.
76561198123156515,Recommended,414700,31363500,Posted: 25 April,all,elite scopesman,its amazing **** my pants ran like hell got killed in so many gruesome ways its beautiful and yes you will need some spare underpants but i wear 2 pairs when i play this game and have to wear speedos to stop them from melting but on a serious note its awesome really love it and you will too enjoy!
76561197992970282,Recommended,414700,31391497,Posted: 27 April,all,Denny Crane,"This is the weaker of the two video games in the series but not by much. A unique feature of looking through the lens becomes a source of detachment unfortunately. Attempting to build from the first, this entry only creates bland attempts. With all that said, it was still a fun video game. This isn't ""hillbillies"" but just a secluded town. There are some negative things to say but Denny Crane knows when something is worth the price. This is."
76561198134380954,Recommended,414700,31356397,Posted: 25 April,all,Stormpraiser,Its very hard but this ist why i love this Spooky game
76561198088979908,Recommended,414700,31365657,Posted: 25 April,all,Sugarfruit33,"So far, this game is ♥♥♥♥ing terrifying, and it definitely lives up to the first one. If you like feeling anxious, vulnerable, and like some good scares, I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,414700,31455947,Posted: 29 April,all,S.S Georgie,Made♥♥♥♥♥♥Stew In Pants Real Quick
76561197973821925,Not Recommended,414700,31539388,Posted: 4 May,all,gambhirrd,unable to launch the game!
,Not Recommended,414700,31390124,Posted: 27 April,all,Resonant Drifter,"After a young, pregnant woman is found walking barefoot in the middle of nowhere, a team of investigative journalists (who happen to be a couple) set off to investigate her story.PROS+ Great graphics and environments+ Really good/fitting music+ Some creepy momentsCONS- Repetitive gameplay that follows the same formula through different settings- Too many winding levels with no direction- Throws away hiding/psychological fear in favor of (uneffective) gore/horror and parkour/running- Uncontrolable scenes meant for shock but get old very fast- Story riddled with plotholes and unanswered questions- Trial and error at many pointsThe first quarter or so of this game starts with great potential. It sets up some really beautiful, interesting and creepy ideas and settings and characters. Unfortunantely, the next two quarters are so drug out and poorly implemented the game loses all sense of horror and fun. It repeats the formula of wander through a linear area collecting papers scattered about until you get to a more open area where you are chased by an enemy or enemies until you find the ""exit"". You will die. Try again. Hiding doesn't seem to work very well. The enemy will find a way past your locked door. They will know what locker you're hiding in. Running is your best option. Devs break up the gameplay with uncontrolable scenes that are supposed to shock you but they do little for you but take up more time. By the time you get to the quarter you are ready for the game to end and get answers (because none have been given up to this point), but the game has very little to offer you except the question rattling in your head of why did I even play this game to begin with?Is it an absolutely horrible game? No. Is it as good as it could (should) be? Absolutely not."
,Recommended,414700,31440090,Posted: 29 April,all,Corvo,"So outlast 2 I did not expect to be so strong! Why ? Because the graphics are beautiful and the game is very well optimized. Those who gave negative reviews after me are very stupid! First of all, this game, on any difficulty you play all the hard, the game was designed to hide and run, as it was done outlast! Enemies have small bugs! This score for this game 9/10 ! Good game ."
76561198132739012,Recommended,414700,31560047,Posted: 5 May,all,Thor Gunderson,"If we could get this for about 10 dollars, then yes i'd get it. It is a lot better than 60 dollars, but I think a game that is only singleplayer and has no replay value isnt worth 30 dollars. Well worth at least 10 dollars and I will say I have played the game and it is way more desgusting that the original, far better graphics, and an interesting story. Well worth it if your into demonic games unlike myself. Big fan of the first game, not so sure about the second. To much for me. If your interested in a bloody, gorey, Nude fest and love to be scared, then this is for you. Most of everyone will love this game, I found it way to evil though."
,Not Recommended,414700,31534922,Posted: 3 May,all,ROCKIUS,"Upon completing the original Outlast, I immediately purchased and played through Outlast:Whistleblower, and continued on to Outlast 2. While the graphics and atmosphere are great, overzealous enemies and derpy level designs detracted from the experience enough for me to request a refund.side note: If watching your balls get smashed over and over again by a demonic shieldmaiden wielding a smoldering pickaxe is your thing, you will fall in love with Outlast 2 within the first 15 minutes."
76561198242786850,Recommended,414700,31360214,Posted: 25 April,all,Tim,"I haven't played the game too long but so far its super terrifying. Although im writing this review to talk about how well it preforms. I have a gtx 1070, i7 3.6 Ghz and 12gb of ram and I can run this game at almost max at 4k only options I have tunred down is AA ( doesn't really matter at 4k) and the fog which really hurts fps. I get a constant 60 fps which is really nice no stutturing ect although when crouched in the game and you have your nightvision on you'll see the fps go down a little which is the only place where i've seen fps drop below 60fps. This game is very well optimized I highly recommend picking it up."
,Recommended,414700,31351754,Posted: 24 April,all,VisionQuest96,"This game has an insane atmosphere, I'd almost go as far as saying its scarier than the first game. O_O"
76561198026648981,Recommended,414700,31351651,Posted: 24 April,all,t dog,♥♥♥♥ing scaryily good. crazy♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ witch chases after you and likes rip your♥♥♥♥♥♥off.
76561198170636914,Recommended,414700,34248457,Posted: 14 August,all,Oasis689,I loved everything about this game. Only downside was I couldnt play it for very long because it got TOO INTENSE at times. Needed some breathers
76561198376437602,Recommended,414700,31372115,Posted: 26 April,all,pushkarpal43,It is a good game
,Not Recommended,414700,31404514,Posted: 27 April,all,Fertile Ape,"What made the first game so great was that between the gauntlets, there were periods of cinematic exposition to get the player invested in the game. This sequel is all running and hiding with brief, hollow breaks between. I keep playing because the first game instilled a pavlovian drive to press forward and learn more when that green camcorder HUD is up. Now the goggles do nothing. You can't see more than a couple of feet in front of you with the fog and awful underwater stealth mechanics so why even bother picking up batteries? The chases are all broken too, to the point that dying for the sake of trial and error to find a tiny visual cue leading to the exit is necessary. Sometimes you have to see a nearly invisible depression in the dirt under a wall of locked doors... This happens while a OHK enemy is on your tail, so after dying 3 times trying all the doors you crawl in and begin the next fast-paced hidden object puzzle.If I could give Red Barrels one piece of advice for the DLC it would be ""Give us a reason to put up with this garbage."""
,Recommended,414700,32472125,Posted: 16 June,all,BL00D OF HUM4niTy,mantap djiwadari pada battle royal
76561198384047473,Recommended,414700,31486036,Posted: 1 May,all,yusufabdurrafi83,"gamenya bagus, saya suka , sadis, mengerikan,ngagetin"
,Recommended,414700,31858313,Posted: 20 May,all,riisu,"I've been waiting for this since forever and i have to say that this game isn't disappointing at all!! The developer gives what i expected them! Great horror, great concept, I have fun connecting the dots, making up theories and all.THE SCHOOL PART IS SO SCARY. I APPLAUSE WHOEVER THOUGHT ABOUT THESE PARTS.Many says this is a running simulator but actually it's up to you on how you play. you can hide and be a ninja or you can just rush forward to escape the enemy. Play however you want!!Oh, and the music... it totally build up the tension and atmosphere.. The game in overall won't be as scary without great music like this...I'd recommend this to everyone 8/10 must play if you are into horror!!! Looking forward to any next series or DLC!"
76561198122518470,Recommended,414700,31382637,Posted: 26 April,all,Ocean Pigeon,Scariest♥♥♥♥♥♥ever...
76561198191840275,Recommended,414700,31838295,Posted: 19 May,all,.wasted,NOT AS GOOD AS OUTLAST 1
76561198065265739,Recommended,414700,31860121,Posted: 20 May,all,Abdullah,Bought this game. Takes laptop to my friends house. Watch them play and I still get scared. 10/10
,Recommended,414700,34350789,Posted: 19 August,all,Soul Eater,I just love the atmosphere of the game and the story line. But the ending was somewhat unexpected and I'll have to give it to u that it wasn't cliché. Really recommend u guys play this game.
,Recommended,414700,34338295,Posted: 18 August,all,Appelflap64,"I never believed in god but this game toke the ""Believe in God and you will be saved"" to whole new level.Don't worship god, Fear him instead."
,Recommended,414700,31361805,Posted: 25 April,all,TonyCashGR,Outlast 2 with 2 words :♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Marta <3... 10/10 would hide again in a barrel full of blood
76561198074152521,Recommended,414700,32525262,Posted: 17 June,all,Flechze,not that scary at all
76561198316267557,Recommended,414700,35092759,Posted: 20 September,all,LoneWolf09,gg
76561198042186792,Recommended,414700,31351773,Posted: 24 April,all,erik_schmidt_13,"Works awesome right out of the gate. It's dark, terrifying and so far have been killed gloriously quite a few times. It's got that nice Outlast fell but with a little sharper quality. Only put in a few minutes and already had to change my pants...........twice."
,Recommended,414700,31351777,Posted: 24 April,all,D3rpyH,"A game that delayed with a purpose.Most games will rush through the deadline and give you not just the whole gaming experience, but a complete pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥like Mafia 3, Mass Efffect Andromeda (still like it even though it was rushed) and No Man's Sky. I gotta give credit to Red Barrels because they care about the gamers on what they are going to expect and boy let me tell you ""it's actaully as we expected"".Yes I know, I would want to play it on October and I got so bummed out when I heard Outlast 2 was delayed. However, on the bright side, it finally came out and there are a lot of pros. I can't even think of any cons with this game.Pros: A loooooooooooooooot of jump scaresthat's the only pro you need to hear from me as I give this game a 10/10 -A True Horror Survival GameOh yeah!It's better than Resident Evil 7"
,Recommended,414700,31418401,Posted: 28 April,all,wolv,when's the dlc coming out?
76561198260072206,Not Recommended,414700,33006956,Posted: 29 June,all,Hickory,do you like being bullied and not fight back?do you like running around without knowing where to run?do you like unfinished games?this game might be for you!
,Not Recommended,414700,31402112,Posted: 27 April,all,liker,Ничего нового.
,Not Recommended,414700,31380891,Posted: 26 April,all,FarkyJTV,very short 6 hours for 28 euros is simply too much.i lke the story with the occult and the catholic school.and the awesome graphical fidelity is stuck sometimes behind that stupid camera/nightvission mechanic.i recommend for sale on thissimply doesnt stand for the time.buy sniper ghost warrior 3.
,Recommended,414700,31510411,Posted: 2 May,all,T.,AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME
76561198000417126,Not Recommended,414700,31425584,Posted: 28 April,all,I huff paint,10/10 left something brown in my pants.But you really don't know what blasphemy is until you reach the end.
76561198083257228,Not Recommended,414700,31379424,Posted: 26 April,all,Cpt PikPik,"Boring, repetative, gameplay is a drag, story sucked, got a refund and didnt bother to compleate it."
76561198261289767,Not Recommended,414700,32789233,Posted: 25 June,all,DarkVenom407,"Besides the graphics nothing else is good in this game. the first one is a blast and really scary. but this is just a beautiful looking game without effort, verdict 6/10"
76561198034310905,Not Recommended,414700,31445510,Posted: 29 April,all,RollPlayingGamer,"I suppose if you're into these sorts of horror games it's pretty great.I've never been much for horror games like this. But i wanted to get into the genre and i think this game was a bad one to start with. Your recording camera runs out of batteries way to quickly. Which sucks because there aren't that many batteries and you basically need the camera to survive. Without the night vision feature you're basically screwed.Enemies appear borderline psychic at times, You'll be running away from a nonscripted encounter and you hide behind something. The music will stop killing your ears and it'll go back to stealth music. Just kidding it's LOUD NOISES time again and your ears are being violently assaulted again. ""Why not just turn off the music?"" They don't give you that option ;-;Like i said at the beginning of the review. If you like these types of games buy it. Totally. You'll love it. But if you're trying to get into the genre it's not a very good game to start. Pretty much everything this game does besides the music is amazing though. But, Just not for me."
76561198152934295,Recommended,414700,31389211,Posted: 27 April,all,[USA]UppityBlock0062*USA*,if nothing scary scares you this will good luck your gonna need it
,Not Recommended,414700,31387315,Posted: 26 April,all,Chip,Need more BOO! Not scarry at all.
76561198029554089,Not Recommended,414700,31639595,Posted: 8 May,all,Chelle,Played 24 mins then got a refund....; play - die play -die -play -die get fed up and  went to watch paint dry.It just does not cut it I'm afraid....Lacks addictiveness more frustrating.  4/10
,Recommended,414700,31366155,Posted: 25 April,all,Gatling,It`s very scary to play at night.
76561198116262352,Not Recommended,414700,31403020,Posted: 27 April,all,Deathjester,"I really loved the first outlast and was hyped for this game, but after playing it for about an hour i found it to be lacking in what made the first game so good, this game has been mostly for the part of going in one direction, seeing the same kind of environment over and over again and hiding from the occasional enemy.Now the first outlast was mostly for the same, but with the difference that it was actually scary and had an oppressing atmosphere, something that sadly this game was lacking, there were a few good jumpscares here and there, but for the most part i didn't really feel scared at all.I will most likely be requesting a refund and watch a youtube let's play at some point.I really wanted to like this game."
,Recommended,414700,34318147,Posted: 17 August,all,ST4R-C0M,So this is what it is like to work for VICE NEWS.
76561198325943049,Recommended,414700,31867266,Posted: 20 May,all,Romulus.,Nice game :)
76561198144012683,Recommended,414700,31495901,Posted: 1 May,all,The Survivalist,One of the best games I've ever played
76561198009097640,Not Recommended,414700,31396357,Posted: 27 April,all,ripquest,"I don't like using stars to rate games, dollars are a better measure. This game was worth 20-30 dollars, slightly tipping towards the 20 dollar end because you can still buy outlast 1 for 20, and its better. I will continue to support red barrels bc this game is good enough and I like what RB does. The fact still remains that its pricing point slightly exceeded my valuation and RB could have done better.PROS:-Better Graphics-Good music/voice acting-4-5 jump scares-Couple new mechanicseh:-lore was sorta scary, i felt the flashbacks were better (especially near the end, with the blood) than the whole jonestown thingCons:-Getting stuck at a parts takes away from the horror mood (i know i just suck at the game, but a lot of people suck so we count)-Like others have mentioned the main mechanic for avoiding death is boring and repetitive. Run away (directly reverse the way you came) until the guy/monster despawns then run to where he was coming from (to advance).-Oh and I didnt think the religious zealots were that scary.. they look just like homless people, and the main monster wasnt very scary to me (opinion based i know)"
,Not Recommended,414700,31365092,Posted: 25 April,all,Oro,"It's a good game. It is. It has better graphics and sound design. But the characters are  bland for me. The gameplay gets old real quick and I didn't find any scary moments in this game. Yes, it's gory. But i craved for something new. Something that made me fall in love with the first Outlast game. It's just not here. Save your money and buy Resident Evil 7 or better yet, pre-order Friday The 13th when it's available.Edit : I've finished the game and i think i should add these:Pros:- Graphics- Sound Design- Journal System- Quite optimized for my pc to run on 60fps on very high- A few ""good"" jumpscaresCons :- I can't feel the same panic like i felt on Outlast 1- Over-exaggerated story- Most of the time, the AI got confused when I'm hiding under the bed.- the ""all that for this?"" ending- Got bored halfway because the game kept changing the stage. One time you're in a forest, next thing you know you're in a classroom. It got old.I'm still disappointed. I don't know if it's because i hoped too much or i outgrew my thirst for horror games. So yeah, I still don't recommend this game. Maybe if it's on sale, sure. Otherwise, try other games.i wish i could get a refund for this."
76561198047224233,Not Recommended,414700,31373691,Posted: 26 April,all,Did it feel good though?,Stick with the first game
,Not Recommended,414700,31421303,Posted: 28 April,all,Rounee,Day Z doesn't hold a candel on this running simulator
,Recommended,414700,31352872,Posted: 25 April,all,Guanjyn,It's scary Dx
,Not Recommended,414700,31422991,Posted: 28 April,all,♥SpooF♥,"The game is kind of boring, its just a ♥♥♥♥ing running simulation. And the ending suck♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,414700,31427039,Posted: 28 April,all,charliewaffles,"This game is garbage. It's the most unrealistic, on-rails, repetitive game I've ever played. So you can't defend yourself: Why the ♥♥♥♥ not? There are shovels, bricks, flashlights, knives, pitchforks and a bunch of other things scattered around the map, all of which can be pretty lethal under most circumstances, but instead you have to hide from a bunch of peasants under beds because for some reason the protagonist has got a medical condition that makes it so he can't interact with any object whatsoever in the game. The worst thing about this game though, is how it basically forces you to replay every single encounter by not giving you a single clue as to where in God's name you're supposed to go or hide during each encounter, meaning you'll probably die once or twice to every single enemy you come across until you figure out a way to cheese its A.I patterns or find a brief window of time to identify what doors you can open and what doors are just there for set dressing, or if the enemy is one of those that follows you across the level or if it's just a scripted garbage enemy that's just there for a quick jump scare and then it ♥♥♥♥s off... It's just absolute nonsense through and through and you should be ashamed of yourself if you enjoy this drivel. Avoid it like the plague.Edit: Also, no FOV slider? ♥♥♥♥ off."
76561198265182446,Not Recommended,414700,33528225,Posted: 13 July,all,Zolytaryo,Much better than Resident Evil 7 but will never be better than Outlast 1 never..
,Recommended,414700,31354056,Posted: 25 April,all,"""Dutch""-Republic","Played 30 minutesEncounterd the crazy woman""screamed like a little girl""10/10 would scream again!"
76561198311324915,Recommended,414700,31361974,Posted: 25 April,all,FoxyThePirate352,I just got done downloading the game and as soon as I started playing the game my characters voice cant be heard but it will show subtitles and my sound is at max -_-
,Not Recommended,414700,31365080,Posted: 25 April,all,THICC BUTT,"[MINOR SPOILERS][MINOR SPOILERS][MINOR SPOILERS]Well this was disapointing....I've played the other outlast games, I wont call myself a fan but they are one of the better horror games I've played in the past yearsI though since I liked the others I might as well try this, maybe this one is better and scarier. And for $20 it might be worth the spooks♥♥♥♥ing NOPE!I played for almost an hour and I already felt like I wasted both my time and my money.The way the game starts of is just cringy to say the least. The opening scene is like it's taken straight from some ♥♥♥♥♥♥ blockbuster horror movie, and they try to force in as much story as possible with cheesy and bad dialoge.The enemies weren't scary at all, they're just hillbillies with machetesThe ""main enemy"" which is the woman with the pickaxe was definitely not scary and I actually laughed a bit the first time I saw her.But the worst thing is that they based most of the gameplay outside. Everyone who played the first outlast games remembers the parts in the game were you have to go outside and you can only see 2 meters infront of you. Now imagine if the entire game was like that... yeah, not fun just annoyingthe scaries part was probably when the crow flew towards me and the game made that generic jumpscare noise, that crow  got me goodalso this might be pushing it a little but it feels like the game was more focused on pushing it anti-religious propaganda rather than delivering a good story and scare.One thing I did like about this game is the grotesque, gory and detailed areas in this game. There are corpses, body parts, torture devices and all kinds of♥♥♥♥♥♥through the game that really adds to the atmosphere this game was trying to go for. HOWEVER this doesn't help much because you're usually sneaking around in grass or hiding from some redneck and you'll be too busy to actually see and admire these things, which is too bad because the people who made these things really did a good job and I hope they continue their work somewhere else where it can be looked at and appreciated.And yes; I know I played the game for ""only"" an hour, but if a game can't impress it's players or hook them in to it within an hour I've already lost my interest. I'm not gonna sit here for another hour or two hoping that it gets good enough to redeem itself.Just wait for this game to go on sale before you buy it"
,Recommended,414700,32694297,Posted: 23 June,all,[Twitch.tv/JLoaf],"I played for 2.4hrs, my worst jumpscare was from when I switch my controller (wich I set sensitivity to max cause for some reason, max sensitivity on a controller is reasonable when you turn, but crazy as hell on a mouse) to keyboard, I forgot to change the sensitivity and went to a crazy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥girl, with my high quality sound in my ears, I found nothing else to do than running away and crying! but well.. turn out I did a ♥♥♥♥ing 180¤ and ran right in the girl! but at the moment I thought I did a 90¤.. I THOUGHT THEY WERE TWO! I cried, I closed the game, never played since! ♥♥♥♥ you, ♥♥♥♥ y'all ♥♥♥♥ this game I recommend 11/10"
76561198272988360,Recommended,414700,31352299,Posted: 25 April,all,uncle_touchy,super spoopy
,Recommended,414700,31365498,Posted: 25 April,all,-1Tap- Axity,Very nice..U like silent hill?U like resident evil 7?U like running away and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ your pants?Then this is yo game 10/10 IGN (best water textures eva)..
,Recommended,414700,31368653,Posted: 25 April,all,Purple Funny Joke,Outlast 2 is one of the best Tactial shooter this game is for the fact that the look of the game is beatuiful and how the game plays some or more then the time is weapons and how great some of the weapons were in the patches but it is a real fun game of you want to get scared or killing this game is for you but. of you don't like that then leave but i leave you with this get busy killing or get busy dying.
,Recommended,414700,31352607,Posted: 25 April,all,Sir Lord Chaddingtons IV,"This is the problem with outlast games in a nutshella 30 minute return cuz 2spooky is a compliment to the titles, but not to devs wallets.Dilemma"
,Recommended,414700,31377493,Posted: 26 April,all,Inj3ct0r,best game in the world
76561198203796415,Not Recommended,414700,31511527,Posted: 2 May,all,Lektorthue,too scary
76561197993317623,Not Recommended,414700,31366777,Posted: 25 April,all,Lazzy,Running simulator.Made it kind of boring and aggravating in certain areas. You are basically running blind the entire game in night vision which gets old fast.Every scenario is basically the same - See enemy - Try to hide - They see you - Run past them.Wasn't very scary and got repetitive.Wasn't nearly as good as the first.Wait for it to go on sale unless you want it very badly.
76561198137943896,Not Recommended,414700,35059614,Posted: 19 September,all,Macaroni Grill,This game ♥♥♥♥ing sucks.
76561197968571854,Not Recommended,414700,31532918,Posted: 3 May,all,shookfree,too dark i can't see anything
,Recommended,414700,31354320,Posted: 25 April,all,bAcKTuRTLe,"Ahh Outlast 2.It have finally arrived!Oh boy I waited for this game!What's different from the first one, is all these changes that you can hide ALOT more, and interact and explore more!The only thing that got on my nerves sometimes is that at some points you are stuck for a period but you will find the right path!FOR CHRIST SAKE THE DEMON LADY LEAVE ME ALONE!"
,Recommended,414700,31355168,Posted: 25 April,all,OGIQC,the dude standing in the school corridor ! 10/10 would♥♥♥♥♥♥myself again
,Recommended,414700,31354780,Posted: 25 April,all,Mr. Jefferson,You sinned if you deny yourself this game!
,Recommended,414700,31356525,Posted: 25 April,all,DalekPuncher,What Would Jesus Do?
76561198173356953,Recommended,414700,34332628,Posted: 18 August,all,INV-Coz1,Best game ever
,Not Recommended,414700,31575618,Posted: 6 May,all,dnqMmss,"""Horror""? Lmfao,  *🔊 Sad trombone*3 / 10 🔋"
,Not Recommended,414700,31424949,Posted: 28 April,all,Weeknd,Terrible ♥♥♥♥ing ending after hours of running away from stupid♥♥♥♥♥monsters. Can't even fight anything.3/10
,Recommended,414700,31388126,Posted: 26 April,all,Zoid,so ♥♥♥♥ing good holy ♥♥♥♥ the ending was amazingif you dont buy this game I will find where you live and ♥♥♥♥ u up
,Not Recommended,414700,34026919,Posted: 4 August,all,Pope Francis,its not even scary
76561198096702994,Not Recommended,414700,31943023,Posted: 24 May,all,Big Wet Napkin,Meh.
76561197960806386,Not Recommended,414700,33946882,Posted: 1 August,all,Martlz,"lol another example of rich idiots that dont even game making a game. ♥♥♥♥!oh ya and the devs didnt even care to put in sound options for turning off music and what not.I had a more intriguing gaming experience playing firewatch, I would be suprised if red barrels even makes another game. Just realised the first outlast was realeased for PC first no wonder it was better."
76561198003141213,Not Recommended,414700,31416280,Posted: 28 April,all,DiscoTurkey,"Complete garbage, nothing like the first. I was so bored i had to stop, this game is nothing but streamer bate, the developers obviously only cared about that and forgot to create an interesting game. Only women would be scared by this"
76561198080639958,Not Recommended,414700,31373588,Posted: 26 April,all,Warclainer,what has happened to this game why is this so bad to the first game outlast 1 and whistleblower was scary as **** this game barely not even scary at all i hope that weird woman is not gonna die before the ending because she's the only one making this game a little scary at least
76561198218983401,Recommended,414700,31354159,Posted: 25 April,all,Omae Wa Mou Shindeiru,"Bought the GAME.Launched It.Played for 10 mins.Pressed Esc key, Click save and Exit.ShutDown PC.Awesome GAME would recommend 100%"
,Recommended,414700,31351933,Posted: 24 April,all,✞ |-|3££ioT [] |2.!.P. ✞,I survived a helicopter crash but my slhong was cut in half. Still trying to sow it back together. Apart from that mishap there is no horror contendor for this title yet.8/10https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i6WuSLAO62Q&t=25s
,Not Recommended,414700,31363427,Posted: 25 April,all,Jolly,"The sequel to the first Outlast, has little to add onto the original game. It feels like DLC rather than anything else.Of course the game had it's moments, and is a pretty decent horror game on its own. If you didn't care for the last Outlast game (Like myself) this is probably not for you."
,Not Recommended,414700,31363228,Posted: 25 April,all,Dondi,"This game honestly has me speechless. As an avid fan of horror and game developer, the only thing I can think of to summarise this game is a potluck of terrible decisions and the pacing of an airport bombing."
,Not Recommended,414700,31416101,Posted: 28 April,all,JoshJBird,♥♥♥♥ that witch lady with the pick axe cant get past her♥♥♥♥♥♥so rip outlast series huge fan of first game and this one is♥♥♥♥♥
76561198163258538,Recommended,414700,31351299,Posted: 24 April,all,Mulemilk,It's Outlast.
76561197973283296,Not Recommended,414700,31366522,Posted: 25 April,all,High Chaplain Svenn,"""Very Positive"" are you kidding me? This game is garbage.The main guy is a cuck, straight up. The girl is basically the hero of the day, and it's awful how forced it is.The game is NOTHING but darkness, leaving you to rely on your night vision, which is♥♥♥♥♥♥because the last game had you using it sparringly.The jumpscares are predictable. ""Oh look, there's a crawl space and a body, I wonder what will happen - sure enough he grabbed me!""The game is a hallway. There is no exploration like there was in outlast 1. You just pick a direction and hope for the best. Oh but when it does offer you a (very small) area to explore, surprise surprise, it's not even clear how to get out!It's like the developers looked at final fantasy 13 and said ""THIS IS A GOOD IDEA! Now let's make it edgy and scary!""You're not supposed to take the original game, and then make it a lot worse than it originally was. I wonder if this game was the first outlast, and they scrapped it, and made outlast 1, and realizing how popular the first game was, they decided to polish and clean this game up and release it as outlast 2.Every time the level designers have put themselves into a corner, they drop in a random flashback sequence to a school hallway.Enemies either walk past you and completely ignore you, or develop some sort of futuristic supervision to find you from across the map, while you are hiding in the shadows. They also seem to teleport around the level to further jump scares and suddenly cut you off. And there is no real sense of purpose, you just get thrown in and are expected to have an inkling where you should head next.I'm sure this will get buried to the bottom of the reviews, but if you find this, just skip this one. Stick to the main two games. This is a serious departure from the first one in terms of mechanics and level design. If this is a cash grab, then it's the laziest cash grab I've ever seen."
76561198038513821,Not Recommended,414700,31412696,Posted: 28 April,all,Ricky Spanish,"-> If you love Outlast(1) and it`s DLC, don`t buy it.-> if you are a 3yr old boy whose biggest scare is an empty ""suprise egg"", you might consider buying it.I didn`t wait years for this Red Barrels, i`m very disappointed.( the gore mise-en-scène is well done tho, dead children made a disgusting (in a positive way) atmosphere.)"
,Recommended,414700,31351087,Posted: 24 April,all,Razer,Spooky.
76561198095862029,Not Recommended,414700,31382770,Posted: 26 April,all,Big bad Wolf 🐺,"Awful gameplay, walk around until an old f.ucking b.itch turns up with a big sickle then run like headless motherf.ucker untill the old b.itch stops chasing you. 0/10 - refund."
,Not Recommended,414700,31361554,Posted: 25 April,all,The one True Mads,"HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH This game fails on every point as a horror game. Don't bother. 2/10, wasn't scared once, even though the ending was supposed to be SPOOPY as HECK. Oh this game can go to HECK, alright. Don't waste your money and buy SOMA instead.KEEP IN MIND: This is from a 4 hour play session, so the ending might be the best thing ever.Other than that, do not bother with this game. It is about as preditible as any 2.99 unity made horror BS that hangs around on Greenlight, only less entertaining in its horridness.The visuals are absolutely horrendous - Having the fullmoon hanging over a valley with no lights for miles does not mean that everything is just DARK and nothing but DARK. Im sure the visuals would be a marvel, if I didn't have to force some lime filter over everything, because CAMERA.Sound isn't anything to write home about, either. There's only so many times I can have some ambient woman/guitar/cat with a bunch of reverb screech in my ear before it become anything but grating.The camera is a neat novelty, but nothing more than that. If anything, it becomes more of a nuisance than it was in the first game, what with all of the added features... All 1 of them.The scares. Jesus christ, the god damned scares. This is not a good horror game, as it seems to rely on scares that would make the original resident evil scoff, as in 9/10 things that are meant to scare you, simply jump out at you going HARGGHBLURGH. Although I will say that school shadow was pretty cool, for all the 30 second it wasn't a jumpscare. OH NO SPOILERS.So yeah, here's to it maybe getting good. Probably not, though."
,Not Recommended,414700,31367266,Posted: 25 April,all,Guli724,Bought it and it instant crashes FML. tried reinstalling still no luck WTF
,Not Recommended,414700,31365387,Posted: 25 April,all,cacographeld,"I didn't think much of this DLC for Resident Evil 7. I appreciate that they made it a stand alone game so anybody without the base game could enjoy it, but I don't think it's a very good introduction to the game for any potential buyers.First of all, they got rid of most of the fun gameplay mechanics, which is a questionable move by Capcom. Running away with nothing to defend yourself is tedious!There are no interesting characters, they could have made this about Chris Redfield but unfortunately he will be in DLC only for buyers of the base game! LAME! He was probably the best character that Resident Evil ever introduced, debuting in Resident Evil 5 with Shabba they formed an iconic duo who are still seen in games today, Resident Evil or not.Sadly, the throwback moments put in for fans of the old RE games are lacking. Remember the dog bursting through the window in the mansion? Remember how iconic it was? Well how about a CROW flying out of a WINDOW when you open it?! I was so scared, I loaded up Resident Evil 1 Director's Cut on my Sony PlayStation 1 just to make up for how wack that♥♥♥♥♥♥was. You are essentially paying £22 for a crow made of at MOST 10 polygons.Now I'm just throwing things out there, but imagine if it was 22 crows flying out of 10 windows! How much more scared would you be? I've done the math and it would be approximately 34 times more. Step your game up Capcom.There are several other notable absences as well.No mercenaries minigame.No magnum.No herbs.I don't think I even saw a typewriter once in the entire game. No rewards for completing it, either? Is a new costume for getting an A rank too much to ask? You used to be cool, Capcom."
76561198199424291,Not Recommended,414700,31357808,Posted: 25 April,all,therealvegasmike,So far I don't think this one is as scary or as strong of a game as the first one. Maybe if it were in VR it would be a bit more scary.
,Not Recommended,414700,31362063,Posted: 25 April,all,SickB,"When a game pisses me off 30 minutes in with the first!!!!! Enemy you really encounter, because it´s an trial and error redo everything ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, then you´re thankfull that there is a refund button."
,Recommended,414700,31357235,Posted: 25 April,all,GenkiThePower,to scary for me
,Not Recommended,414700,31351974,Posted: 24 April,all,White Rabbit,Outlast II stops being scary when you die for the upteenth time and are forced to redo each segment again and again. Instead of scary its frustrating and a real chore. At least the first Outlast spent time building suspense. I was bored and hated it so I can't reccomend it.
76561198006078174,Not Recommended,414700,31355762,Posted: 25 April,all,Martin_MA,Not good.Look same like Outlast 1.Imo Resident Evil is much better.This dont have so strong athmosphere :-(Asked for refund.
,Not Recommended,414700,31359268,Posted: 25 April,all,Jeffrey Dahmer,"This isn't horror, it is a chase sim. Red Barrels, how the hell did you ruin Outlast this bad? I mean, the first one wasn't good either, it just had a strong story and that's why I liked it. It's like their entire goal was to kill the series and hell did they do a good job of ruining it. It's repetitive and the entire time you are running from enemies, there's little time to explore the map."
76561198203203407,Recommended,414700,33045234,Posted: 30 June,all,Woltereys,"I know some people feel like this Outlast is more messy and not the same as the first one. In my opinion I think it's a great game, people need to stop comparing this game to the other one. It's different location and the fact that they used religion makes it more creepy because it's something thats around us everywhere and believe or not that's how people used to (Hopefully) before."
,Recommended,414700,33113356,Posted: 1 July,all,El Primo Destr0,10
76561198032534896,Recommended,414700,32338091,Posted: 11 June,all,WILLJLOVE,"Cant even play it becasue it crases, Geting a refund. A lot of players are reporting this and yet the developers have not fixed it yet.Update;After changing my driver, i no longer had crashes. The gamplay aspect of the game was really good. If you appreciate a good story, then this is the game for you. Just know that you may need to crawl under fences to proceed to the next part of a map. I had no issues with dying or becoming stuck on any parts, as previously stated by others via reviews. True, its not like the first but different.  I was really into the story. For the price, its a must."
,Recommended,414700,31432344,Posted: 28 April,all,stabBER;d,14 minutes in I can confirm it's scary
76561198280689507,Recommended,414700,32971971,Posted: 28 June,all,Kirby,"This is a super awesome game and I think has way better music, story, setting, and enemies than the first Outlast! The only part in this game that I think needed improvement was the crucifixion scene where Nick and Laird nailed Blake to the cross. I didn't get why Nick hammered Blake's right hand 6 times and then the other guy hammered Blake's left hand 2 times. I think it should have been 3 times on both hands. And I also don't get why Nick hammered Blake's right hand super hard but then the guy who hammered Blake's left hand did it more gently. Also, I don't get why Nick hammered Blake's right hand and the other guy did his left hand. Nick should have hammered both of Blake's hands. And finally, I wish that instead of Nick hammering Blake's right hand and then Laird yammering away about Blake's camera and then the other guy hammering Blake's left hand, that Nick would have hammered both of Blake's hands really hard and then talked about Blake's camera. Anyway, that's my only complaint about this game. Other than that, totally play this!"
76561198106150469,Recommended,414700,31429867,Posted: 28 April,all,The Abyss Watcher,"(me when the credits roll) #sigh#SPOILERS AHEAD PROCEED WITH CAUTION IF YOU HAVN'T BEATEN IT YET!Outlast 2, oh man. I really tried to like this game, because there are some great things to it. I thought all the school scenes were greatly made, and they (Unfortunlly) gave me the best tension building in the game. I liked the open enviorments, but I felt conforted by them. The complete opposite. I'm more dissapointed than mad that a game like this could let me down. My main issue, though is the ending (Which I beat 5 min. before writing this review.)The game ends with your wife, Lynn giving birth to the Antichrist, and Papa Knoth kills himself. It shows I guess the sun exploding in the sky, then it fades to black. This must mean the world is ending, What?! I wanted at least some closure so it could end on a more explained note, or just give me a more fully fleshed out ending that wasn't confusing.The gameplay: pretty much the same gameplay, but the I ran through the enemies much more than stelth, because I would just get killed over and over again. This combined with the 500 chase scenes made not as scary, but tedious. (I played on Hard) While in Outlast, it was so tight cornered, so you had to hide, but now I could run circles around because the area is so big. I did, however love the mine part, where it was so tight cornered I felt like I was playing an actual Outlast game.Graphics: Great. There was a veey detailed enviroment with good water physics. The school chapters were superb. One drawback for me was that the game went for more grossout horror then slow building horror. I thought Outlast did it greatly. While it had its disqusting moments, it balenced it out with good suspence.overall score, 5.5/10: If this wasn't an Outlast game, but a new ip, then I might have given it a 6 or 7, because I felt it didn't belong in the Outlast universe. (Unless there is a third game and it ties it all together) I was probably overhyped, like alot of people was. Play this game forgetting it's and Outlast title, and you probably won't be as dissapointed. Hope you find this helpfull.OKAY, I've played the game again, and my view point has changed ALOT. I didn't really understand the game when I first played it. I thought of it as a horror game that will constanly keep me crapping my pants, or making me scream. This is more of a different game. While it does have all of that, with its extremly disturbing sections, and the complete craziness of temple Gate. I've looked at all the comics, and I understand what the ending really meant. (I won't say just find it yourself) I acually kind of love this game much more now, since I know what to suspect. I really took my time on this playthrough, coming in at about 6 hrs. the story is fenominal now that I understand most of the things in the game. If you really want a kind of thinking mans horror game, you will probably really like it, since it takes some thinking. My grade has moved up to an 8/10 I am extremly excited for the expansion/next game(hopefully)"
,Recommended,414700,33000866,Posted: 29 June,all,DucreuxMeme,"Although the hide and seek gameplay isnt very intuitive, the atmosphere and story is what attracts me."
,Recommended,414700,32999430,Posted: 29 June,all,Drive637,"I'll start off with the obvious pros of this game stating that Outlast 2 is by far one of the most intense survival-horror I have ever played in 16 years of gaming along Resident Evil Rebirth, Silent Hill, Amnesia and Alone In The Dark. I'll have hardly ever seen such a transfixing atmosphere capable of inducing this type of palpable unease. Red Barrels created one of the creepiest, most trying, stunning, stifling, shocking and off the beaten path universe in the horror game genre that has you go into a daze from the very intro and so till the end.Graphics - 9/10 : For an indie title at such a reasonable price, it looks outstanding. Each scenery is crafted with a constant attention to detail from the developers. The rock, the trees, the houses' strips of wood, all the blood and the guts - rendered in 3D this time - the characters as well as their design, the clothes... It does look amazing, ""alive"", ""lifelike"". The breathtaking light effects play a huge part in the rendering of what's onscreen. Just admire how the moonlight goes through the pines' thorns, how the flickering light of a bulb reverberates on the lens of Blake's camera or simply how the school's neon lights cast their lighting upon the blue lockers... Wow.Sound Design - 10/10 : If the game's atmosphere is that electrifying, it's also thanks to the work put behind sounds. Some of them actually come from the first Outlast (creaking doors mainly) but they still sound just as good as the new ones. This very work on the Sound FX bestows all of the mysticism and uniqueness upon the game's universe. This is also what makes the chase scenes mind-blowing from an acoustic point of view : hearing your boots drum against a wooden floor while you sprint and can still spot the wind outside whistling... Samuel Laflamme is behind an authentic masterwork. Wondrous and strong in notes, the game's score exemplifies the madness of the world which we are thrown in. A real spot on.Scenario - 8/10 : Well written, the storyline is efficient and delivers impressive moments. The characters are incredibly well portrayed - Shawn Baichoo's voice acting is absolutely splendorous. You can feel Blake's emotions as he literally goes through Hell in such a way that it's almost impossible not to be touched and feel bad for him. I mean seriously this voice acting is f*cking godly. The plot has a solid but rather simple base that progressively turns into something more intricated with subplots that deftly overlap each other hence leaving the player eager to learn more. This is where it gets a bit confusing to me as the game kind of fails at delivering CLEAR answers to most of the questions that have been arising in my mind from the very intro. I wish more of the main events related to the game's story had been phased into cutscenes instead of countless collectibles. Besides if you miss some of them (two in particular as the others will mainly shape the bulk of the very game's background) you may not know which way to turn and hence may not really understand what's really going on and most importantly WHY. Red Barrels said Outlast 2 was tied to Outlast, the thing is that the link between both ONLY lies in the finding of these very two documents that will shed light upon almost everything. That's why I recommend you to play Outlast and its DLC Whistleblower first before delving into Outlast 2's world. If you already beat the game, reread all the documents. Ideally, read the comics as it literally paves the way for O2's beginning. Once you have all that, it'll become much clearer even though the end still leaves a lot of room for interpretation.Gameplay - 6/10 : What disappointed me. The gameplay revolves more around a trial & error chasing simulator than a stealth-based progression as was the first Outlast. There's an incredible amount of chase scenes throughout this game all of which are true ""yell-tests"". The problem is that even after the patch (and so despite all the obvious corrections) in harder difficulty modes (especially Nightmare and Insane - which are the most thrilling ones), the game mechanics find themselves being out of step with the difficulty. Enemies run as fast you do most of the time making it such that when you get spotted and chased in some specific areas, you won't have a chance to survive because you won't be able to run away and hide from your enemies as they'll see you do so. Added to this the seemingly unlimited stamina of your enemies while YOU do have to stop to catch your breath, making some moments futilely hard especially since some areas are quite big and of course your objective is always far at the end. There's also a big problem as to the way the game is designed and how you can interact with it. Outlast 2 suffers a serious lack of interaction with its environement, which greatly reduces the different ways you have to get away from your enemies. Simply put, it's like having the level of interaction of the first game in the asylum moved into a far bigger world with a lot more things. You can't even use the objects of the world around you like knocking barrels over or throwing pieces of wood (while the ground is strewn with them) to slow down overpowering pursuers. It doesn't make any sense. There are a lot of fences that can't be stepped over even when devoid of any wire in the same way as many ""small things"" such as tricycles, small rocks, knocked over barrels, small carts (destroyed or not) will simply stop you dead even when Blake has already transitioned into a full sprinting state. When an enemy is right on your heels, it means the game is over. On top of that, being surrounded by complete darkness during like 90% of the game will not really help either given that you quite quickly run out of batteries in Hard and Nightmare modes. Some of the checkpoints are also seriously misplaced.This is why I'm quite disappointed in the gameplay even so I praise the game's numerous chase scenes for they still remain incredibly thrilling as long as you know how to deal with your enemies which is quite impossible when you play the game for the first time. That's why for that matter, I recommend you to play the game while relying on a spoiler-free guide that will help you go through the game's fury without ending up getting frustrated because of these ""Where the f*ck am I supposed to go"" moments mainly due to those blasted not-pointed-out-enough exits. Don't worry a guide won't soften the terror in any case. Knowing in advance where you need be won't prevent you from yelling to death because of petrifying enemies."
,Recommended,414700,32983439,Posted: 29 June,all,aye106,"one of the greatest horror games , good AI , good gameplay and good graphic"
,Recommended,414700,33023100,Posted: 29 June,all,Randy-,"Honestly i didn't understand the game until looked up what everything meant. Although the game has it's share of horror similar to the first one, I really felt as though I got a good shock out of the game and if anyone is interested in picking up a horror game that is somewhat difficult and still fun to play this would be the game for you."
76561198353440736,Not Recommended,414700,31418235,Posted: 28 April,all,ilovefatpotatoes,Chase simulator
,Recommended,414700,32450538,Posted: 15 June,all,K2plays,"So First Don't Scream at Me for spelling bad im lazyOutlast 2 is an outdoor first person survival horror gamewith some added mechanics from the first game But Before I finish LET ME SAY SPOILERS AHEADDon't Get mad if the spoiler got you I  Warned youBaisicly in a nut shell outlast 2 is fall get up stabed live scary monster GoreBut if you screw up with marta running you most like will not have nuts wah wah waaaaahOutlast 2 is a scary game but does not deliver the same tense feeling as the last it gets more repetitive then the valve turn chris walker or find key psycho chase there is chasing but its more run run run then run close door lock hide enimies almost always  find you or camp near or right outside were your hiding although it delivers a tense feeling outlast 1 and the dlc was much better at it then ol2 some of the enimies can see you through walls like marta at the first part most people die one time and the battery power is fiddle but the batterys seemed to pop up all the time wich made it less tense the new mic mechanic on the camera works horibly and drains battery although that was changed still its dumbthe game stabed the old mechanic 67 times in the chest really just why more run than hide what happend to a good mix?The Game With several downs does have several ups great graphic soundtrack voice level desighn and plot But the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ending is more annoying then princess peach getting captured for the 1,000,000inth time it was find lynn then marta comes gets inpaled by a cross then you go in a church lynn has a baby and dies blake crys goes to sleep listens to knoth then knoth kills himself then you walk out side and it it Just.... Ends? like WHATAlthough it has some bads some goods 7.9/10  Or Good Game Worth the 30 $ with small letdownIf you dont care about theese spoilers and have  not played it play game 1 then dlc then this"
76561198367720495,Recommended,414700,32590120,Posted: 20 June,all,BlackMesa,Great game
76561198062266628,Recommended,414700,32592025,Posted: 20 June,all,Paladinwatch,uh. it was good.apart from some places where you die because you cant see where your supposed to go.and the game sucks at story-telling. you need to like go watch youtube vids to fully understand what the hell is going on.scare factor : 6.5/10 i guess. the first game scared me more.eh. i would recommend buying it though.
76561198219778611,Recommended,414700,32609621,Posted: 20 June,all,Charming Taint Man,"I'll go ahead and recommend it, its a good game.  Not as good as the first though in my opinion.  I wont give it away but the story got pretty corny towards the end and felt more girly and sad than scary.  Good game though."
,Recommended,414700,32613496,Posted: 21 June,all,Pica Marulja,"Nice horror game, good experience and big difference from their first game !"
,Recommended,414700,32630898,Posted: 21 June,all,Anotic Trap,This is a great game!Some people who played the first Outlast do not like the new gameplay. Although it has a very different style from the first I personally enjoyed it more than the original. The only complaints I have for the story is being a little hard to follow but if you read all the documents and watch all the recordings it makes a lot more sense. The graphics and sound design are amazing compared to Outlast 1. My only problem with the graphics was the frame rate cap but that can be fix through the game files easily so it was no big deal. And the some of the achievements are hard but not too complicated.Over all I give it a 9/10
76561198169114533,Recommended,414700,32155743,Posted: 3 June,all,Игþok™,"Outlast 2Лучший хоррор в мире!Мне игра очень понравилась. Я начну с плюсов игры.Плюсы:1) Графика: Отличная графика, много не кушает)2) Геймплей: Всё как в Первой части, бегаешь, прячешься, собираешь батарейки. Только теперь у нас быстро заканчивается дыхалка, и здоровье теперь не восстанавливается, мы будем собирать бинты, чтобы вылечить себя от ранений. Теперь наша камера оснащена микрофоном, он особо не так важен, я лично им редко пользовался.3) Сюжет: Вы ""Блейк"" летите на вертолете куда-то далеко в неизвестное место с дамой, чтобы узнать о умершей беременной женщины. В итоге ваш истребитель падает, и вы ищите свою подружку. И тут понеслось!4) Оптимизация: На моей сковородке запустилась на высоких, молодцы разработчики!5) Цена: Сейчас 2017 и увидеть игру за 500р нереально.Минусы:1) Баги, ну они не страшные)Ну вот и всё)Соснул Resident Evil 7 :DМоя оценка 9 из 10"
76561198055646431,Recommended,414700,33186346,Posted: 3 July,all,gamingeezer15,"Definetely a good sequel to the first Outlast! The setting felt new and engaging with the fear of having to be on your toes becasuse you never know what could pop out at you. I was more afraid during the school sections of the game. The soundtrack was amazing with the little chimes and horns in the background warning you of your potential doom. Overall, the game is a MUST play if you have played the first Outlast AND the DLC. I got it right away, but should have waited for it to be on sale, otherwise still a good scare for your weekend."
76561198087345773,Recommended,414700,33217343,Posted: 3 July,all,sunny29990,"Having played the first Outlast game and its DLC Whistleblower, I was very excited when the sequel was announced. I liked the more open world approach and a break from the asylum into a creepy village, school and cornfields. I am going to break this review into subparts to give you a much better understanding of the game-1-Graphics- They were top notch and the game was definitely better looking than the first Outlast. The textures were more detailed and the forest was hauntingly real, not to mention the lighting effects especially the moonlights, thunder and the shadows they reflected. The water effects were awesome too and I was amazed how the game ran smoothly on my outdated GTX 880M without any hiccups. There were a few parts where i got some frame rate issues but it was no big deal. Its a perfect example of an optimized game.2- Sound- Once again the sound used gives you the goosebumps. Enemy footsteps, leaves rustling, rain drops, the main character's heavy breathing etc were all well done. Also, the music was more creepy than the first game and each character had its own music which gave it a distinct difference from every other. The sound and music was definitely well done than the original and gave you chills during scary hours and peace during relaxation hours (they are very few :P). A new sound feature is incorporated into your camera so that you can hear enemy footsteps which was the best part of the game. It automatically dips the other surrounding noises so that you can focus on where the enemy is coming from.3- Combat- As almost everyone knows there is little to no combat in the game except for scripted sequences where your character will automatically kick off an enemy to defend himself. So running and hiding is the only bet.4- Enemies- The enemies were definitely much better than the original game and I believe were much intelligent too in spotting you,ex-using flaslights etc.Not to mention they were more creepy and original like the Heretics, Scalled and my personal favourite-The School Demon. There are some main enemy characters but I won't go into too much depth otherwise they will certainly create spoilers.5- Gameplay- Ok, now for the most important part. I feel this was a little lacking from the original game. The game shines in all departments except for the gameplay. I felt there were a lot of scripted running sequences which made the game very tedious and frustating in the later parts. And the things you have to do to make your escape were very well hidden in the dark for you to find in a narrow amount of time. Maybe if they had given us some breathing room to figure out what to do before the enemies come running up to you would have been good. I know they were trying to create a tense atmosphere and situation by reacting instinctively but too many chase sequences quickly turned to less scary and more frustation. You have to play for yourself to know what I am talking about.But, I do agree that some of the chase sequences were very well done and completely caught you off guard. Some were tough and made you use your microphone to figure out where your enemy is. Apart from that the hiding places were not safe anymore as there were barrels filled with water where you could only hide for a few seconds before you start losing your breath. Its part like these where the game really did well than the first Outlast where you could always hide infinitely in an area and catch your breath. So, I appreciate the developers work in this regard.6-Story- I found the story of this game too be quite good and philosphical, not to mention that it indirectly ties to the first game which was really a surprise for me. I won't go into what it is. The main plot is that you are an investigator, Blake Langermann who along with his wife, Lynn go to the Arizona desert to investigate the murder of a pregnant girl. Suddenly, you are seperated from your wife who gets abducted by the local people there and you have to find her in their town called Temple Date. Also, you start to get visions of your from your school time with a friend of yours, Jessica who also died in school under mysterious circumstances. All I can say that its pretty creepy and atmospheric.Verdict- Outlast 2 is definitely recommended for people who loved the orignal game as well as its DLC and who are into indie horror games and love a good atmosphere. Apart from some tedious sequences the game definitely lives up to its expectations.My score- 8/10"
76561198276824002,Recommended,414700,31382260,Posted: 26 April,all,Boss,The game is really good. The only big con is the woman which is too op.
,Recommended,414700,31382360,Posted: 26 April,all,TheBatDERP,A really good scary horror game. Tension is through the roof.I found the new camera mechanics refreshing and cool additions. Really interesting lore and connections to last game.If you want to play for the lore of the horror going on in this game play Outlast 1 first. 9/10.
,Recommended,414700,31382374,Posted: 26 April,all,Flandre,"Outlast 1 and Whistleblower had ways to mess with your head in so many ways. Brutal and gory views, memorable enemies, along with the feeling that you are truly going insane. Outlast never put so much pressure on you. You always had a fair advantage on enemies, and they never spammed or try to really get you killed. Put simply, Outlast 2 defies many of these things in several ways.While the game is argueably terrifying in some aspects, and it does indeed keep the brutal imaginaries that made up the first game, it almost feels like it's trying too hard, maybe too hard enough that it has no idea where to go. The game constantly throws so many enemies on you, and you'll die a lot, a lot, and a lot. It removes that tension that first game had, let alone the setting enough removes that paranoia feeling that you your options to hide were limited. In this game, you're practically just running around and doing your best to.. well.. not screw up. It feels like a massive chore that every segment of the game, you will die and die and die, and it just destroys that feeling of fear and expectations. You just don't even get scared anymore, but rather frustrated. The first game (And Whistleblower even), did a wonderful job at managing this. Before you mention that this is all about difficult, it's not. You must take into account of the first game's wonderful design and pacing it had. Outlast 2 just feels all over the place the moment you feed off on the first enemy.Overall, there aren't too many horror games out there, and this, along with its predecessor, are still among the top in making you rather sick to the stomach. The game sounds, looks, and plays beautifully on the more possitive side. Although you can tell the graphics are a bit iffy on some aspects, they do a great job standing out mildly. Let me not forget to mention how intriguing and horrific the story is, and it definitely stands out on its positive aspects. I just truly wish the way they handle the gameplay and all else a bit better, taking many horrific elements that the first game had, instead of just trying too hard to find ways to kill you rather."
,Recommended,414700,31385295,Posted: 26 April,all,mamameatballas,10/10 would get faced licked by sexually frustrated devil worshipers again.
76561198138501159,Recommended,414700,31385487,Posted: 26 April,all,JACKIE FUCKING VINCENT,i just beat the game and i ♥♥♥♥ing loved it the setting and story was amazing a good amount of scares and easially points you in the direction to go. the puzzles were decent and the encounters were intense. would definitly give this game a try even if your not into horror like i am. you dont need to play the original first but you might as well
,Recommended,414700,31384971,Posted: 26 April,all,Clancy Javis,"Long story, made me play almost 9 hours no kidding. What i can just say is it is worth your time playing this game. Good job red barrels keep it up. :) For horror gamers out there i recommend this game to you. I have not much to say here but its just so good and horrific, i would definitely play this all over again."
,Recommended,414700,31385070,Posted: 26 April,all,๖ۣۜDrK x ๖ۣۜﮎHUR1K3N>,"Im fine, running away from random mobs looking to stab my face.Im fine, running away from crazy hood ladies trying to stab my... Well you know.Im fine, running away from a mutant hill billy cactus dude with a little guy riding on his back.No no, its all fine.But the creepy 10 armed, long toung thing...You took it to far..."
76561198055305564,Recommended,414700,31387287,Posted: 26 April,all,Faint Solstice,"I never knew I could hit a high Octave.""I need someone to hold me please"""
,Recommended,414700,31394657,Posted: 27 April,all,Stardust,♥♥♥♥the school :( (still recommend this game tho :3 )
76561198227283736,Recommended,414700,31366802,Posted: 25 April,all,Sanic Gotta Go FAST,Great Game
76561198239608838,Recommended,414700,31370495,Posted: 25 April,all,RobertLee,BEST HORROR GAME EVER
76561198072349942,Recommended,414700,31377806,Posted: 26 April,all,GruntySoft,"Religion, not even once."
76561198344281789,Recommended,414700,31377830,Posted: 26 April,all,korean,i♥♥♥♥♥♥myself when playing this game
76561198205681861,Recommended,414700,31377856,Posted: 26 April,all,TXG,"This game is HORRIFYINGLY... Amazing, I was expecting a cheap remake of the first one to try and bring back the hype of the original, but I was surprised to find a great game, that runs really well, and kept me terrifyed to turn around, I only clocked 30 minutes of play time so far, but I love it already. You can find my reactions and video(s) on my YT channel ""Techno Xgamer"" But yeah, this game is great and really well designed. (Video will be up as of 4/29/17)"
,Recommended,414700,31365763,Posted: 25 April,all,tonius,"Coming from someone who has played a ton of survival horror, of all types, Outlast 2 has a good chance to be the most intense horror experience you can experience at the moment. Resident Evil 7  will most likely be my game of the year, but Outlast 2 has way more of a grimey darkness too it that no other game has, I love horror movies and this gives me the same rush as a great one. Put this towards the top of the modern horror list."
76561198052355148,Recommended,414700,31370427,Posted: 25 April,all,𝓚𝓘͢𝓛̨𝓛̧𝓐͢_̀,This gave me a little spook. :)
,Recommended,414700,31369895,Posted: 25 April,all,nested_loops,"8/10This game is good but not as great as the first.I was really expecting the plot to wrap up better than it did.The escape and ""run away"" sequences are good but there are definatley some stealthy parts that are more frustrating than anything.Rather than feeling eager to get dlc to expand the story, I'm just hoping the dlc includes answers to some huge loose ends.Game world is great. Spooks are pretty fun. Just didn't live up to the first in my opinion.Still recommend if you're a horror fan."
,Recommended,414700,31369843,Posted: 25 April,all,A Winter Box,"TL;DR - Very spoopy, omnipotent AI, loud as ♥♥♥♥ & you should buy it.So, Outlast 2.I had a great experience with this on my first playthrough, I took it slow (mostly because the atmosphere had me on edge almost all of the time) and aimed to collect as many, if not all the collectables possible. Thankfully, the game doesn't try and hide these things at the furthest edges of the earth and so with any luck you'll get more than 60%-70% of them on your first try.The gameplay was solid and felt very responsive, much like the first game. As most folk will have deduced from the demo, trailers and what have you, there's a much bigger focus on stealth and enemies in this game. This is where the game sort of fell short of what it was trying to deliver. You're put into many 'crouch-and-don't-be-seen' sort of situations where you've got to hide from one or more enemies as they patrol the area, your objective either to sneak past them or interact with some kind of nearby item. As a result, you'll end up being seen quite a lot, even if you're the sneakiest son-of-a-♥♥♥♥♥ since Metal Gear's Snake.Whilst this doesn't seem like a big issue, the fault lies at the times that you inevitable climb into a barrel or stuff yourself into a closet because you've run into a dead end (which is bound to happen sooner or later). Despite being way out of line-of-sight when you clambered into your makeshift hidey-hole, the AI uses its God-given supersight and seeks you out like a heat-seeking missile of bible quotes and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. This can make the game quite frustrating at times, dying over and over because a certain enemy locks onto your♥♥♥♥♥from halfway across the immediate game-map and stabs you to death.In addition to this, the game also gives you plenty of times when you're forced into a 'run-for-your-life' scenario that has you turning this way and that in a maze of corridors, doors and various scenery props. Whilst this does make for an exhilirating experience at first, the fun is quickly lost and the spookiness wears off once you end up picking the wrong direction over and over. Admittedly, I only ended up doing this in one particular mid-game(ish) area, but it was enough for the dread to disperse and be replaced with me angrily quoting the same ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t the AI/s say as they stab my dumb♥♥♥♥♥to death but in a squeaky high-pitched voice instead.My final gripe with the game is the insistent orchestra riding along in your pocket as you traverse through the game; It definitely adds tension and makes for a thrilling experience, but the fact that some songs almost make you feel like your teeth are rattling in your skull as you play kills the fun a little. Yes, turning down the game-volume fixes this; Though it also makes you miss out on the rest of the otherwise fantastic sound-design that this game possesses. My solution would be to simply give the player the option to change the music audio instead of grouping it all into just 'Game volume'.Despite my gripes though, the game is absolutely fantastic in every other regard. Scary, thrilling and just as (if not better) much of a horror-ride as the previous title. The story is pretty unique too, though I feel they could have explored some ideas a bit more; Though perhaps they're saving those ideas for the DLC? Who knows.Either way, I'd easily give it a 9.5/10 and definitely say you should pick this game up if you're a fan of horror."
76561198094172067,Recommended,414700,31369759,Posted: 25 April,all,MrTypical,"Crazy experience from beginning to end, although it is not as good as the original outlast. The mechanics were much improved from the first, and it was a bit more challenging as well."
76561198359407371,Recommended,414700,31370284,Posted: 25 April,all,AWElavenka,"From the first moment you get your hands onto this game you know it's gonna f**k you up big time. An amazing experience for me even though i haven't finished it yet, keeps you on the edge of your seat and manages to show you the essentials of a survival horror game.Although, sometimes this game goes far enough to make you go crazy."
,Recommended,414700,31375048,Posted: 26 April,all,PSYCH0T1C_GH0ST,"Just an amazing game, if you are into horror or thrill you definitely gonna love this one. Start is good story is good and setting is just amazing, highly recommended if you love horror or thriller, defiantly not for the weak hearts. Loving the game so far."
,Recommended,414700,31380562,Posted: 26 April,all,Icky Slime,I saw the trailer and had to change my shirt and have a shower.I played the game and had to change my shirt and my underwear four times. Then I locked myself in the bathroom and scrubbed myself until I bled.Then I came back and played more.
,Recommended,414700,31376764,Posted: 26 April,all,Originope,"Finally, we have a game about a religous doomsday cult who wereactually right this time."
,Recommended,414700,31377838,Posted: 26 April,all,XDarkslayer223,Church on Sunday game. Good material to preach with10/10
,Recommended,414700,31380692,Posted: 26 April,all,PHLone,GOOD GOOD
,Recommended,414700,31359469,Posted: 25 April,all,Number9Large,"I am not even 30 minutes into the game, but I can feel the tenseness and fear from the setting and the story. I can't wait to finish this. Give it a go if you are looking for a new horror game to play."
76561198173536654,Recommended,414700,31365117,Posted: 25 April,all,The Secret Pony,"Ok, so I'm not going to be like the others that immediately say this game is good, just because it's outlast.Personally, the original outlast was my favorite game, the gameplay was great, and the mechanics worked...to an extent..anyway, this is not an Outlast I review. Outlast II really brought some new things to the table, with great outlast style. Though, it felt a bit over used from time to time. The jumpscares got old very quickly and I really wasn't scared throughout the gameplay. I found the new Mechanics quite fun to play around with. Outlast 2 is a really great looking game, very little bugs for a day one release. Needless to say, this is the best looking horror game that I've ever played, along with a slow starting story that irritated me personally, because I was starting to get bored. Then out of no where the game got very interesting very quickly and I'm happy to say that I've had the honor of playing it day one.The game to start with was really slow, and was kind of difficult when it came to pressured puzzle solving, but the graphics made up for that, and so did the stability of the game. Though for day one there are bugs, but they are so few and far between that you never really notice them. I give outlast 2 a 7.5/10."
,Recommended,414700,31364970,Posted: 25 April,all,鮨 (私を食べないで),That's very good but i don't like npc
76561197984317796,Recommended,414700,31365578,Posted: 25 April,all,Alex,Good game 4 one run
,Recommended,414700,31364749,Posted: 25 April,all,A Madeline Worm,"First of all this is the first time reviewing something and I defo think its worthy of reviewing.This game is fantastic, just as good as the first one. I play these type of games all the time, its my favorite genre, and I am used to running around and blasting straight through these games.However...Outlast 2 is so well made that I can't physically do that. This game is so scary via the atmosphere and the fact you dont know what is going to happen next, that I can't just run through it. You Have to take your time, 1 wrong move and its game over.The tension whilst playing this game is insane, and through the whole time playing you barely get a break. With the first game you would encounter an enemy, evade him and you would get a break. Not with this one. On this one you are constantly being chased, pursued and attacked non stop which makes it a better and extremely scary atmosphere.There is only 1 critism I have playing this game and that is that there is a certain enemy following you around in different parts of the game (I wont put who as it is a bit of a spoiler) and their AI is utterly ridiculous. This person can see you behind walls, through fences, in bins ect ect. It makes it even MORE difficult than it already is and it leaves you on certain sections for so long as you dont know how to deal with it.However, that being said this game is a must buy for people who love the horror genre of games and if you havent picked up the first one please do, it is also an excellent game with lots of qualitys,Thanks to Redbarrels for another great game.9/10"
,Recommended,414700,31362479,Posted: 25 April,all,KazIG1,"And I thought the original Outlast and the DLC was scary until I played this. Not only does it have it's classic blood puddles and gory features, it's storyline and eerie atmosphere and the tension during gameplay. I'm only 1.7 hours in and haven't even seen the mentally disturbing scenes yet but I'll get there eventually. Best purchase I've made in a long time."
,Recommended,414700,31369116,Posted: 25 April,all,Asriel Dreemur,"Tense, Scary, Grusome, Bloody, and Good looking. Everything I was expecting this game to be."
,Recommended,414700,31368802,Posted: 25 April,all,A-KUN ØωØ,this is really spooky <3 it !Great Religius game for everyone  :)you can even become a God in this game by activating God mode :)this game make me more Religius
,Recommended,414700,31372310,Posted: 26 April,all,Xeressi,"I was a fan of Outlast 1 and its DLC, and am currently a fan of this game as well. The graphics and audio seemed have improved nicely, the gameplay is refreshing, and the story is very well-made... So long as one actually follows the cutscenes and documents, everything comes together and makes sense.However, as much as I love this series and the way Red Barrels does horror, I don't believe that this game was worth the full $30 I paid for it. It's a unique experience and was decently ""scary"" through most of the game, but if I hadn't set the difficulty so high, I'm quite sure it would have taken only 4 hours to get through the whole thing.And I have to admit that the gameplay is not for those who are easily annoyed. This game does not often lay out the path for players, and one must be prepared to think their way through situations. The trail & error in this game makes up a good portion of the time one might spend playing it, and in most ways that adds to the fear of the situation. One is required to figure out puzzles while stressed for time against multiple enemies bursting into the room behind, and I enjoyed every minute of it, personally.If it goes on sale, or if you can get a deal on it, I'd reccomend checking it out."
76561197999402996,Recommended,414700,31379652,Posted: 26 April,all,arhngrim,"This game is 10/10 really deep story, great scares and Awesome gameplay! i recommend this game to everyone that likes scary games! much better than the first outlast no doubt!Really worth the money :)"
76561198101105877,Recommended,414700,31380856,Posted: 26 April,all,Kommandant Steiner,This game was really good in my opinion and I liked how you recorded special events. Game was scary and a little bit of liquid courage made this game more enjoyable to play.
,Recommended,414700,31382254,Posted: 26 April,all,Auriel,Can confirm you will♥♥♥♥♥♥yourself
,Recommended,414700,31381429,Posted: 26 April,all,SEKTORIRWIN!,Awesome Game Interesting!
76561198009973920,Recommended,414700,31380745,Posted: 26 April,all,Bredera - Devil Flower Mantis,"Nice graphics, story is interesting and awesome, characters are well rounded out and interesting, locations are jawdropping and the tensions are high! really love this game!"
76561198094892928,Recommended,414700,31381629,Posted: 26 April,all,TheMacke,"PROS:Fantastic VisualsGreat optimization (gtx 750ti, high settings, stable 60 fps)Many spooksInteresting story and settingControlls feel snappy and actions are easy to perform-CONS:Gets repetitive, especially the school-partsWill need new pants. Multiple pairs of new pants"
76561198153766438,Recommended,414700,31384562,Posted: 26 April,all,E-WILD,great game
,Recommended,414700,31384197,Posted: 26 April,all,Yeah Gnar,"Outlast 2 is definitely one of the scariest games I've ever played. I'd say it is worth the $30 just for the gameplay experience. In my opinion, it's less impressive than the first game and the ending was lacking, but my first playthrough took a solid 6 hour sitting and it was still a great game. Would recommend both of the Outlast games to anyone who hasn't experienced true horror games."
,Recommended,414700,31384130,Posted: 26 April,all,i bet you kiss girls faggot,"10/10 to the advertising team for advertising this game so well that I didn't even know it released yesterday.Regardless, I♥♥♥♥♥♥myself 30 mins into the game. Should be enough to convince you to buy the game."
,Recommended,414700,31367020,Posted: 25 April,all,PRESTOSTERONE,"Outlast 2 is the sequel to the the original ""Outlast"" and its DLC ""Whistleblower."" Outlast 2 is by far one of my new favorite horror games. To make it short and simple, I will list the pros and cons below:Pros:Great atmosphere.Amazing Graphics.Great voice acting.Great setting.Gameplay remains familiar to anyone who has played the previous game.Cons:Very short, roughly 4-6 hours of storytime. (I would recommend reading all notes, and reviewing all tapes.)Very trial and error. Unless you know EXACTLY what to do, you will die...a lot.AI isn't the best, can seem OP at times.If you're an impatient person, you will die much more.Verdict:Outlast 2 is a very refreshing horror game that does its job very well. While I wasn't really scared, the feeling of dread is certainly there. The game gets annoying at points due to its trial and error nature though. This is because, unlike the first game, paths aren't always very clear. (I found this good, and bad at the same time.) A lot of walking around and figuring out what exactly to do. Outlast 2 is a very stellar experience, and a very fantastic horror game overall though. While it may not be exactly similar to the original, all the fundamentals are still there. If you are a fan of Outlast, and want to support the devs, buy this game. If you are an avid horror enthusiast, this is definetely a good game to add to your collection. However, if you're not willing to shell out 30 bucks for 6 hrs of gameplay, then I would wait for a sale.Outlast 2:8/10"
,Recommended,414700,31385350,Posted: 26 April,all,Neil Breen,Good 10/10
76561197980971062,Recommended,414700,31385354,Posted: 26 April,all,Big Boss Nass,"This game is F***ED. This is the most psychological mind♥♥♥♥ of a game I have ever played. Is it scarier than Outlast 1? Probably. I think so. Is it creepier than Outlast 1? Hell yes it is. They give you some of the best psychological horror ever made here. Outlast 1 had more torture porn than psychological horror. This game delves way deeper into the insanity of those afflicted by whatever the ♥♥♥♥ is going on. There is also some torture porn, but not as much as in Outlast 1. That being said, this game is not for the faint of heart and it is as gruesome and gory as any other game i've played in the same genre. If you liked Outlast 1 you'll like this. It is a lot different than the first though. However, it is so refreshing to see a sequel do something different and evolve its themes and ideas. It may not feel much like Outlast at first, but trust me, this game is Outlast through and through. The sound design in this game is the most unsettling creepy ambient atmosphereic crazy♥♥♥♥♥♥I have ever heard in a video game. The soundtrack alone deserves praise.The game isn't perfect. It's linear and a bit restrictive at times. There are dream sequences which get annoying. Dying over and over and over (which happens too often) will kill any tension and fear left in the situation and is replaced with frustration. The stealth isn't always the best. Sometimes running though everything seems like a better option than sneaking, but I feel like this is a more realistic style of stealth gameplay. Stealth is hard in real life and it is hard in this game. (Also, during the first encounters of the game stealth is literally impossible, you have to run. When you experience this, don't think that it is a good representation of the stealth gameplay in this game, it gets better.) But, if you just sprint through areas you are going to miss important plot notes, recordings, batteries and bandages. You often have to juggle the threats around you and have to decide if you really want to risk going into that house to see if it has a battery or bandage in it, or better yet a ♥♥♥♥ed up note that describes hellish gospels. Sometimes there will be, sometimes not, other times if you open the door too quickly, whatever is sleeping in there will wake up and you'll regret waking it.Anyways, I love this game. It's a greaty psychological horror game. Perhaps the best. It's a great Outlast game and if you like the genre and the story of Outlast, this is a must have. Especially for the price. Better than RE7 and half the price. And I highly encourage you to read every note or letter you find. They will turn your stomach. The writting on some of these letters and gospels is some of the most disturbing♥♥♥♥♥♥I have ever read.Stressful, terrifying, ambiguous, insane, ravaging, FUBAR.9/10[Spoilers below] About how they evolved one of their themes from the first game.They took the ""Gospel of Sand"" cult from the first game and really developed it into a religion. So much that there is now a Schism within the religion. The Gospel of Knoth is the evolution of the Gospel of Sand and the Schism occurs when a bunch of the crazy ♥♥♥♥s get afflicted with disease as Papa Knoth, leader of the main religion, has been keeping medications from his followers and claims that STDs like syphilis and gonorrhea don't exist, while at the same time using medications for himself to keep himself ""healthy."" These afflicted ones call themselves the Scalled, Knoth calls them the heretics. They are riddled with all types of diseases as there have obviously been many torturous sexual encounters within the religion before the schism. Knoth tells his followers that God gave the heretics disease for leaving. These two sides are at odds and vie for control over the area and whatever ♥♥♥♥ed up agendas they have. Anyways, this is a really intereseting way to develop the gospel of sand from the first game and I thought it was noteworthy. There are other reasons for the schism but I don't want to spoil everything. And also I could never fully describe how ♥♥♥♥ed up these people and their cults are. You'll just have to experience it for yourself."
,Recommended,414700,31387105,Posted: 26 April,all,⎛⎝xXZombi_PandaXx⎠⎞,"On one half I was terrified and uneasy no matter where I was, the other half was me shouting at my non athletic character while being chased by naked men. All in all I loved this game, felt like there was much more running in this one then the last. You'll have to be very quick sometimes when your being chased. The story was confusing at first but, as time went on I became to piece things together. If you liked Outlast 1 or just like a go old mad dash through the village of savages this game is just for you. Tons of scares, tons of die hard foes that have nothing better to do with their free time, and a ton and ton of moments where you'll feel lost only to get back on track after loosing and wasting one or two batteries for unnecessary reasons of stupidity. Great game for horror fans!"
,Recommended,414700,31387216,Posted: 26 April,all,✠ Elizabeth Bathory ✠,Best Jumpscare Maker !
,Recommended,414700,31399597,Posted: 27 April,all,AmitGamingKing,Woah mahn waiting for this game from too long finally got it!!! Creepy af!!! Best horror game 💀💀💀
,Recommended,414700,31401722,Posted: 27 April,all,Ganjalffi,So good... Tho a bit short but still one of the best horror games out there.
,Recommended,414700,31414978,Posted: 28 April,all,Gerikoh!,"+/Terrifying atmosphere.+/ A living, breathing nightmare with an overwhelming attention to details.+/ Captivating lore.+/ A rollercoaster giving a fair share of references to horror classics, movie, litterature and videogame-wise.+/ Some nailbiting sequences.+/ Far less repetitive than the first game.-/ More of the same formula.-/ A lot of trial and error.-/ The violence, controversial topics and general gore is not for everyone.-/ Needs some lorehunting to be understood, again, not for everyone./It's the first game but bigger, prettier and more complex. While the formula is the same, the 'world' can make you feel a lot more unnerved depending on your preferences and what makes your skin crawl. Outlast 2 is way harder than the first game, making it a tense but sometimes frustrating experience. You will die a lot, which can really diminish your appreciation of the scares and of the really, really messed up atmosphere and themes of the game. And while some parts have some real impact and could become as classic as the dogs jumping out the windows in Resident Evil, some others are at best forgettable, when they're not tedious. In any case, Redbarrels has once again created a terrifying experience with a lot more layers when looking at the plot, neat additions, and disturbing imagery. If you are faint of heart, don't play this, but if like me, you giggle like a little girl when watching a good horror flick, this game is definitely for you./"
76561198272058082,Recommended,414700,31413451,Posted: 28 April,all,StarKiller247,"*buys game**launches game**plays for 20 minutes*""Wow this game isnt as scary as i tho-""*crow flies through window**screams like a five year old school girl**craps pants*10/102spoopy4me"
76561198358303403,Recommended,414700,31416419,Posted: 28 April,all,McMCorey211,Good game but keep looking away thinking to run but if you like horror games and you will go through with it but i cant
,Recommended,414700,31413244,Posted: 28 April,all,InfernoSniper5m,"I like all types of games (besides sport games), but I LOVE horror games. From amnesia to among the sleep, and to resident evil, free horror games, slender and of course outlast. I have been waiting for outlast 2 for a year and a half and I thought It was going to cost more, I personally fell 27.99 is cheap.I am pleased with new graphics, good story and soundtrack is amazing. And also brand new game mechanics, they are very good. I cannot wait to get to the and even though I watch videos on youtube about gameplay I am still confused about ending. It only contains a little bit to much religion for me. I highly recommend buying this game.PS: Sorry for my english xD"
76561198045452858,Recommended,414700,31401660,Posted: 27 April,all,TriTTon,"Holly ♥♥♥♥ing hell...Well were should we start with one of the probably most brutal horror game ive played so far.Should we talk about the really amazing improvments from both Graphic and lightning side, should we speak about the athmosphere well we dont have to Cuz they killed everything with that.It was kinda funny...being chased by the first person than having moments to chill...once you've reached the mines holly ♥♥♥♥ing hell♥♥♥♥♥♥goes insane. No time to breath nothing.But what i wanna addrese more than the Story, Characters and everything can we just really deeply think on how insane they made this Reiliguis cult style. If you read the notes u gonna find some what are so disturbing that u just have to ask yourself if this♥♥♥♥♥♥isnt going to far. But heres the point. outlast 2 pushes the bountrys from brutality the scenery babys kids the gore everything in one pack is just ♥♥♥♥ed up in a really really good way.but now i really recommend this game to all Horror game lovers to be fair wait for an sale or dont support Red Barrels cuz theyre making games other companys cant nail that good as they do.And to be fair...cant wait for the First DLC to continue this cluster♥♥♥♥ or an Horror game experience."
,Recommended,414700,31401241,Posted: 27 April,all,ECHOR.,"Pros:-Amazing Graphics-Amazing Story-Incredibly Scary-Much Better Than The First GameCons:-Slightly Repetitve in some areas-No replay value (me personally) (I wouldn't see myself playing it again)I would reccomend waiting for a sale, but a great experience as I need to save money for games that will last long term."
,Recommended,414700,31401709,Posted: 27 April,all,Winkking,"Super spooky, but super unrealistic too. like youre in the middle of redneck county and all they do is try to kill you with farming tools. Not a single redneck has a gun."
,Recommended,414700,31385605,Posted: 26 April,all,AJ_AKA_ASSJUICE,Mad Spooky
,Recommended,414700,31353544,Posted: 25 April,all,SAY10,To people who are posting reviews and comparing outlast 1 and 2!Lets cheers on clorox bleach!
,Recommended,414700,31394909,Posted: 27 April,all,Rokolell,Help. I wanted to buy Outlast 2 but for some reason Steam gave me some kind of running simulator. :x
,Recommended,414700,31380105,Posted: 26 April,all,YaBoiLightWeaponsGuy,"Gonna keep it short and simple.If you loved the first Outlast you'll more than likely love this one.Huge graphical improvement, good story and fanatasic music as usual.A few things to note, the level design can be a bit tricky at times, I had refer back to a walkthrough since the objective/path was extremely hidden, especially compared to the first game. Enemy AI can also be extremely overpowered as in seeing you even when you're hiding, etc.Overall solid 9/10As for the ending, you'll have to think outside the box on this one, just remeber not everything is as it seems..."
,Recommended,414700,31405525,Posted: 27 April,all,Dr. Freeman,♥♥♥♥ing Amazing... I'm enjoying the intensity and story that is going hand in hand here. Perfect. Thank you Red Barrels!!
,Recommended,414700,31406243,Posted: 27 April,all,pandaeyeEes,"THE CREATUERS THAT APPEARS AFTER HALF OF THE GAME UNTIL THE END MAKES ME♥♥♥♥♥♥MYSELF PERIOD, HOLYSHIT"
76561198124763058,Recommended,414700,31406248,Posted: 27 April,all,TheZachDude,"While it wasn't as scary as the first Outlast, it was a great game nonetheless.The story was really cool : I loved the fact that it was about the Church. The notes were adding some nice flavors of horror. The gameplay is the same, but with more hideout, which is awesome IMO.  The only bad point of that game is that the IA is sometime REALLY dumb, but sometime they are superhuman, but that's normal I guess.I tottaly recommend this game!"
,Recommended,414700,31407138,Posted: 27 April,all,AJ_ClickBeast,"Really fun horror game, defiently worth the price."
,Recommended,414700,31406497,Posted: 27 April,all,haplo,"Thief on steroids.Can Eidos sell their rights to Thief to these guys because this is how you make a stealth game!And oh, this game runs as advertised on my ancient E2180 overclocked to 3.0GHz and the legendary ATI HD 4870. Game looks amazing.Surprised this wasn't a $59.99 title for such quality and effort.Definitely found my new favorite PC game developers."
,Recommended,414700,31407645,Posted: 27 April,all,Huskerr,Awesome game! better than the first and VERY scary.
,Not Recommended,414700,31384990,Posted: 26 April,all,FishSalad,im in my moms womb and i didint find this game scary at all legit breeze and its boring. I dodgeing coat hangers in the womb is scary then this game
,Recommended,414700,31384672,Posted: 26 April,all,Silencer26,"WoW.. Just WoW, this game is horrific, terrifying and absolutely a masterpiece!!! they wanted 30 dollars for it!? it's worth TWICE as much! The amount of time and craftmanship that has gone into creating this game is staggering and I haven't even completed it fully yet! Only one thing to say, Support Red Barrels and BUY this GEM of a horror game!"
,Recommended,414700,31381791,Posted: 26 April,all,SpringfieldXD45,Absolutely Terrifying! There is no other game or movie out there with as high of a fear factor.  Makes even the first Outlast play like a Disney game.  10/10 – best played alone in a cold dark room!
76561197960443123,Recommended,414700,31380652,Posted: 26 April,all,Flugsaft,Very good for the price. I have a hard time sometimes with religious themes but this was worked for me.+ Quite interesting story that keept me going.+ Good graphics.+ Scary.+ Good sounds.
76561197996240140,Recommended,414700,31400305,Posted: 27 April,all,El Patrón,"I liked Outlast 2 very much, it's different in many ways to first Outlast but still absolutely great and enjoyable game 4,5/5The graphics were amazing comparing for example to RE7. Worth every penny !"
,Recommended,414700,31388803,Posted: 27 April,all,The Red X #Punter,The best thrilling game after Outlast... Outlast 2 is a game which takes us into different world... too good... too awesome... double like... 10/10
76561198086503255,Recommended,414700,31387952,Posted: 26 April,all,Kuso Player,good game good jumpscare this game make my heart raging very much I'm lovin it!!
76561198007508342,Recommended,414700,31388900,Posted: 27 April,all,Custodes,Not quite as good as the original outlast even with the new features. The level design is too linear and lacks in other areas. All this crazy religious stuff is scaring the crap out of me though. 10/10 would remain atheist forever.
76561198155851518,Recommended,414700,31388645,Posted: 26 April,all,Artist VAN,"4 years waiting, finally came out , totally amazing"
,Recommended,414700,31538780,Posted: 4 May,all,Leith,Damb
76561198253274229,Recommended,414700,31521030,Posted: 3 May,all,SpaghettiMilo,I peed myself right before playing this game. woahh scary
,Recommended,414700,31482558,Posted: 1 May,all,dank stick,i guess this is pretty much what mormonism is right? .......right?
,Recommended,414700,31545703,Posted: 4 May,all,Linus,Absolutely phenomenal!
76561198052890734,Recommended,414700,31545151,Posted: 4 May,all,jensenrj,"Big thumbs up! It looks great. Presents a challenge in places (to say the least). Almost non-stop action. I could go on, but you get it. I like it. Well worth the money."
,Recommended,414700,31546267,Posted: 4 May,all,Toast Malone,this is the reason why i dont play horror games
,Recommended,414700,31546071,Posted: 4 May,all,Anonymouse,"I ♥♥♥♥ing love this game!It has an awesome atmosphere and soundtrack. The scenes in the school are scary and jaw-dropping.I almost♥♥♥♥♥♥myself sometimes.The story is great , but I think it should have a connection with the first game.The enemys have been designed with small details and they give me goosebumps when I see them.The game is well optimized , it runs great on older computers as well as high end ones. It worthed the money I spend on it.I'll definitely buy the DLC when it comes out.Overall,it's a wonderful game for the lovers of this genre."
,Recommended,414700,31545991,Posted: 4 May,all,Boom Shaka Laka #Agony,AweSome Game>Grafic>story
76561198065239115,Recommended,414700,31508659,Posted: 2 May,all,Pob | Ladimir Bantin,Good spooks
,Recommended,414700,31519235,Posted: 2 May,all,Takeo,"The atmosphere and feel of the game is very good and scary. Does drag on a bit. However the main mechanics and core of the game to ""die and retry"" is very annoying once you get towards the end."
,Recommended,414700,31553662,Posted: 4 May,all,M9,"I really enjoyed my time with the game. There are some pacing problems about half way or so in and the chase scenes do get a bit too repetitive at times, though. This game is not better than the first Outlast or the Whistleblower DLC in my opinion. However, it is a worthy title in the franchise. The open environments are a fresh welcome compared to the original game and the visuals are beautiful. Without spoiling, the story does tie in to the first Outlast in some way, although you may have to search up some details as you may be confused by the end of the game. Overall, I would highly recommend Outlast 2 to anyone who has played the first game/dlc and enjoyed them."
76561198183894763,Recommended,414700,31552282,Posted: 4 May,all,Kalos,"The AI of the enemies it's poorly designed: enemies know always where you are, they get close to you no matter where you hide and most of the times you will end up running away instead of hiding. It get's extremely annoying that some enemies find you no matter where you are, and it gets worst if you play it in the hardest difficult, which can lead you to really hate the gameplay (the AI developers mainly), at this point you can only play it if you memorize the position of the enemies in order to run away from them (not funny at all). Also, I think it was shorter than the first one, you could finish it in a few hours if you know where to go.In the other hand, I found the story being more entertaining than the first game, impressive graphics, lights, shadows and music. I only hope that they improve the AI in the future and maybe more extensive gameplay."
76561198323128786,Recommended,414700,31553413,Posted: 4 May,all,jastrader,WAY TOO SHORT...
,Recommended,414700,31556456,Posted: 5 May,all,Thegayagenda,"Love the game, was a step up in everything for me."
76561198378378904,Recommended,414700,31551600,Posted: 4 May,all,L4_SPIDER_COW,"I personally really enjoyed this game. Although there are a few things that I didn't like. (Mild spoilers, shouldn't ruin anyone's experience though) listing the good things about this game would take too long so I'm mainly going to list the bad things.ProsAmazing sounds, atmosphere, graphics, imagery. The list goes on.ConsThe first half of the game felt like there was more build up and was much scarier than the second half. The game would have chase scenes that were sparse and were tense and scary. Then it became repetitive and happened way too often. There were parts that were very confusing or really hard to pass due to the AI or just not understanding what's going on.Another thing that kinda ruined the game but was there for story purposes was the constant transition to the school throughout the game. Especially the second half. It completely removes you from your situation and then throws you back in a little later. It pretty much ruins the tension and the feeling of being there and it becomes less scary each time and as it goes on.This game could of been much better but it still has a lot going for it.  I really enjoyed the game myself and I am very happy I have gone through the entire game.Overall My rating for this game is 7.5/10"
,Recommended,414700,31533825,Posted: 3 May,all,乇乂ㄒ尺卂 ㄒ卄丨匚匚,"-3 hours in and I already hate this tall gowl-Just finished the game and you know what? I still hated that tall gowl the most. Although I felt that the Hanzo main in this had some aimbot going on so he was a bit of a prick too.Wasn't very keen on being seen through walls by eneimes/bosses or basically every bloody spot I went to.-Side note, I did enjoy this game dispite its flaws such as broken eneimes or randomly getting stuck on a pebble. It did make up for it in the horror aspect BUT; it will not match up to the spooks that the first Outlast could provide.Would I recomeend this game at it's current price of €27? No, not at all. Settle for €10-€15 as it is enjoyable but just lacks the Pzaz the first game had.Overall I give this game:6 and a half bottles of Bleach out of 10 Bottles of Bleach"
76561198063890397,Recommended,414700,31565116,Posted: 5 May,all,Blu3_Puls3,"My overall final thought, Outlast II was a bit disappointing. With that final verdict out of the way, let me go more in depth.Story and Characters:Outlast II has you play as protagonist Blake and you are on a helicopter along with your wife Lynn to investigate the murder of Jane Doe. Shortly after, their chopper crashes down and the duo are seperated with their pilot being dead. Blake ends up in a remote secluded village where there are 2 strange religious cults. The story gets pretty weird with the religion so I'm not going to go in-depth with that. Basically though these two cultures do not like eachother, both having different ideals about god and the world. You are the front and center attention along with the wife Lynn.There are 2 other stories going on in the campaign as well. The first is with Blake having flashbacks to when he was in highschool with her friend Jessica. Throughout the campaign you find out what happened to Jessica, which is implied on how she died within the first few minutes of the introduction. I's clear that Blake has regrets of what happened to her. Personally, I enjoyed the school flashback setting the most as I feel it had a good tension and build-up. More on that later. The last story bit is very minimal, almost non-existent actually. It isn't told to you straight-out but instead you have to find notes on it, and there seems to be only 1 document which explains it so even then the story told for this part isn't very good. Basically though it ties the first game and the bright light you see throughout the campaign, which again does not tell you what is it. You have to figure it out yourself for the most part.Personally, I was rather disappointed in the story overall. To me, it felt way too loose and did not have a clear direction of what it wanted to focus on. There was not much dialouge explaining the story to you, and most of the religion story bits are found in documents. My favorite part was probably the flashback scenes in the school setting. It had a lot of good tension and build-up. It didn't immediately throw everything at you unlike the main campaign story. Some may not agree with me on that and thats ok.So the characters; if I could summarize it in one word, it would be FORGETTABLE. You have about 2 main antagonist, them being Val and Sullivan Knoth. No lie, you only see each of these characters twice in the entire campaign. TWO SCENES! THATS IT! They are referenced several times in documents, but in terms of seeing them on screen only happens twice. That is severely disappointing as they are the main antagonists. You also got a few other characters who I will refer them to as pursuers. Their names are Marta, Laird, and Nick. You will encounter these characters much more than Knoth and Val as they try to find and kill you at certain points. Think of them as Chris from Outlast 1. I found them a bit more memorable, but at the same time I absolutely hated these guys from the gameplay perspectitive which I will talk in the level design. But overall none of the characters were even remotely memorable compared to the characters in the first Outlast game including the DLC. I remembered every character extremely well from the first game, but here.......ugeh. They are just forgettable and bland.Gameplay:So like the first Outlast, you are not a fighter. All you can do is run, hide and die. Your camera makes a return along with a few new features. They let you record certain story events and toggle and L/R sound indicator. Otherwise it is remotely the same. You also get a new collectible along with batteries and documents, that being healing-aid. Obviously, it lets you heal yourself from taking damage, pretty self explanatory.Graphics:The graphics are absolutely impressive. There is a vast amount of detail in the world and feels incredibly immersive. It can easily be compared to a AAA title. It's that good looking. I am running a gtx 970 with a 4690K cpu, 16 GB of ram and I had absolutely no performance issues at max settings at 1080p. It ran like butter. It runs fantastic and seems very optimized from a technical standpoint. If I do have one issue, its that I feel the gamma for this game is a little too dark. There are alot of areas where you cannot see anything without the nightvision camera, and thats with my in-game gamma all the way up. I do think they should patch the gamma just a bit because as I said, sometimes I feel the game is too dark at times. Otherwise, it looks great.Sound:The sound is also incredible. You can hear many small details from the flies to people muttering at a distance. Great sound effects when walking in water, or crushing branches beneath your feet. The music in my opinion is also a step-up from the first game. When the music kicks in during chase sequences, it gave me an adrenaline rush. It is spot on with everything. You can hear every little detail and thats exactly what a horror game needs to nail down.Level Design:Oh boy oh boy, if I had an issue with this game it would be the level structure. And this is probably what hurt my overall thoughts on the game as well. Maybe it's just me being bad, but I cannot tell you how many times I had died in this game. The A.I definitely seems improved, but maybe a bit too much. I found myself incredibly frustrated in the first half of the game due to the vast amount of enemies. At several times, you will have to try to sneak by easily 3-5 enemies to get to you next area. The problem is though, is that you don't have a god idea of where to go. In the first game, you had several visual and sound cues to guide you the right path. But here, I constantly found myself going to dead-ends over and over. Some of the progression ways to go would require you to crawl under a fence or a small cliff.  This made things worst if I were being chased. Some of the enemies seems like they can spot me from so far away even if I am hiding behind some cover, they would still somehow spot me for no apparent reason. Hiding did absolutely nothing for me either as they would magically be drwn to me after being spotted, so I just gave up on hiding. The levels are much more vast and open, so that does somewhat tie into me getting lost. It started to turn into a trail-and-error for me and I was not having fun. You would have several chase seqeunces back to back and it got old very quickly. It got to the point where I lost all the tension and just started sprinting by everything. Like I just said, I gave up on hiding as it was not worth it. The encounters happened way too often and they need to dial it down a few notches for a possible 3rd Outlast game.And let me talk about the other ""pursuers"" I mentioned earlier. Marta was particuliarly annoying because out of all the enemies, she seems to have the best spotting distance for you. Trying to hide behind cover 2 houses away from her, nope she will see you immediately. And then there is Laird/Nick. I swear to god, they have pin point sniping accuracy. I would get shot from so far away from them even when trying to evade them. It felt like I was playing call of duty being shot from accross the map. Again, this all ties into how the level design is laid out. You don't get much of an idea on where to go, especially in the forest section. That was probably the worst section in the entire game as it felt like trail-and-error. A problem I ran into the forest was that there were enemies littered everywhere. However the problem was that some were passive while others were aggressive. There was no way to indicate if they try to kill you or not until you get up in their face. You may think this one won't hurt you, you turn your back for 5 seconds then BAM, you're dead. Trail-and-error.Overall the game was fine, but nowhere near as good as the first Outlast and the DLC. It was disappointing and frustrating in the end."
76561198120120855,Recommended,414700,31449740,Posted: 29 April,all,Aki秋,"Outlast IIWhen you heard or saw the titles, you knew it going to be an insane game.An excellent sequel to the previous Outlast. More hiding mechanics and increased maneuverability make things much more intense.I had to admit thatOutlast IIis not as scary asOutlast Ibutthe atmosphere is much more creepier than the previous one.I also like how the both masterpiece work, they both always have a part where the PHYCO keep on chasing you until you made it to the next stage/level.I happen to found one of the review that kind of similar to me and my feeling to this game.#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorThe Games MachineOutlast II does basically everything better than its predecessor: the levels are bigger, the enemies are smarter, and the story is more articulate. And yes, it's more terrifying."
76561198100344541,Recommended,414700,31449590,Posted: 29 April,all,Nomis Ttam,Great game and very scary. Not meant for the feint of heart or people that don't like games that you can't fight back. Also not meant for people that don't get scared from anything.
,Recommended,414700,31690220,Posted: 11 May,all,Japtain Cack,"I bought this game minutes after its release and I have no regrets. I also beat the game before they made it easier and the batteries last longer. I didn't even realize that was a problem; I guess if you run through the level and don't explore you might have an issue with that...Anyway, this game was amazing. I've seen people say the story is confusing and hard to understand. However, slowly slipping into madness is rarely easily understood. If you slow down, explore, and actually read the texts you pick up, you will begin to understand the story. You can't ""TL;DR"" a game like this.10/10 would play again."
76561198069494264,Recommended,414700,31689894,Posted: 11 May,all,X Unknown,"Pros:Really terryfing and adrenaline kickingGreat story and enviromentGood graphics, smooth movementEasy speedrunable and repeatableCon:Constant runningAnnoying ""out of breath"" featureUnclear pathing (hard to know where you are going)Have to die to progress and know the way to go"
76561198227872540,Recommended,414700,31672984,Posted: 10 May,all,Lycus,"You will need a nappie, hot coco and your own bible!!! and a drug you keep your heart beat down, a gag to stop you screaming and a loved one, family or even better a girlfriend or boyfriend to hold you for an hour after!! if you make it to the end, you'll find the story a great and not too over the top, but will still play with your head, and heart... reallly please keep eye on heart... a must play for horror fans, for others lol good luck!! loved this game and now a full lover of RED Barral Can't wait for DLC.... and many more!!!!"
,Recommended,414700,31700278,Posted: 12 May,all,Swiggity,"It´s a great gamewith just that ""Outlast horror"" that we all love. But i only dislike one thing with this game, the story. The story is all over the place with hints that no one can read. If you ever are going to release an DLC it better make the story line better.But still, good job with the spookyness!"
76561198148087195,Recommended,414700,31686410,Posted: 11 May,all,NSTdevilScythes,"Ad if Resident Evil 7 was not enough. Where should I start to praise this Game. I never got to complete the first OUTLAST Game B'coz it was too scary but OUTLAST 2, I m gonna definitely completing this. Playing It right now on HARD Difficulty,* SUPER STORY* AWESOME GRAPHICS* INSANE JUMP SCARES* and the FLASHBACKS..... AAAAAwwwweeeeeTwo Thumbs Up for RED BARRELS, Thank You for giving this GEM to the gaming community. One of the Best Games of 2017 and one of the SCARIEST GAME I have ever played.Definitely Reccommend this Game."
76561198036287957,Recommended,414700,31688334,Posted: 11 May,all,TheRapeTrain,10/10 would♥♥♥♥♥♥myself again
76561198132686638,Recommended,414700,31704724,Posted: 12 May,all,Nomad12,This is not the first Outlast. It is its own game that offers a different experience. Same scares delievered in a new and fresh way!
76561198207348845,Recommended,414700,31692545,Posted: 11 May,all,Mortal,Done!!
76561198333596996,Recommended,414700,31694375,Posted: 11 May,all,graysonlowe752,"This game is really, really, really scarring but luckily I can get over them (I don't mean literally ending up with psychological problmes). But I do have one complaint: the bugs. I understand there was an update about them, but I'm still getting them whenever I go from the forest to the school and back. Or is there something wrong with my end?"
,Recommended,414700,31692800,Posted: 11 May,all,Nicholas | Audaxation,"After finishing the game and taking some time to think.. it's not that bad. I was initially dissapointyed because it wasn't like Outlast, the gameplay was much different. In all honestly there is a lot I love about this game, great graphics, interesting set of characters (at least most of them, some are pretty meh), more realistic story (which I'll add to later on), and an improved camera with a microphone to pick up who is around you and a way to actually see what you record. So what didn't I like? the story was great if you understood it. In order to do so you will have to record everything the game wants you to record, pick up every note/letter spread around the game, and listen to what every character says. Even if you do all that it is still hard to grasp unless you really think about it or listen watch some explanations on it. HOWEVER, once you understand it, it is so much better than what Outlast offered. It is much more thought out, the realism is something that makes it more uncomfortable, I like that. Besides the story being hard to grasp the camera dies TOO MUCH. I mean it's kinda crazy how fast you brun through batteries, thankfully I didn't have too much trouble finding batteries spread throughout Temple Gate. The last thing that caused so much stress and aggravation were the chase scenes. There are a plethora of chase scenes that don't cause fear, anxiety, tension, or anything like that. Instead it's so focused of running and trial and error that it's anything BUT scary. After 3-4 tries the game and it's chases lose the fear factor. It's aggravating beyond belief. Overall though the game isn't awful. There are things I love and things I hate and at the end of the day I can say if you played Outlast and enjoyed it I would end up recommending it. It's not bad, it really isn't. It's just different. If you played Outlast and didn't like it- don't bother. This game is different, but not in a way that you'll enjoy this more than the first. Hopefully this helps anyone at all. Like I said, the game isn't awful by any means. There are just certain things the developers decided to do that don't make too much sense, but nothing that warrants this game as a dissapointment in my opinon.And as far as the ending, I agree it is kinda lame. But hopefully that just means we can get DLC that explains the story in a better and more coherent way. Even though we'll have to cough up $8-10+ for it, it may help those who still don't grasp the story. The ending was still meh though, kind of lazy on Red Barrels part."
76561198203280868,Recommended,414700,31674009,Posted: 10 May,all,MHDshell142,one of the best games that came in 2017 and i've been waiting it since the time i finished outlast 1
,Recommended,414700,31677841,Posted: 10 May,all,Oxyphilate,I liked the part where I pooped myself.
,Recommended,414700,31677945,Posted: 10 May,all,onii,"I would firstly like to say; RED BARRELS TEAM YOU ARE A DELIGHT!  Thank you for working as hard as you do, and putting your hearts and efforts into the Outlast horror games. Lettherebemoreplsicannevergetenough(Warning: Spoilers below!)And now with that off my chest, I'd like to share my thoughts upon Outlast 2. Like many people seem to believe, there ARE some problems to it. Now, it's obvious when you are in an unknown enviroment; you're not going to know where the hell your're going, because that's exactly the sort of situation that you are in. I mean, if any of us were dropped in the middle of no where, chances are we will be just as lost as our character, Blake. But it does get frustrating at times as a gamer, like for example during the first and second encounter of Laird and Nick. Now the first bit, mind you, also starts with a narrow space. You're trying to not get shot so you take cover, but Nick grows closer,  and so it makes it hard to get around them from the very start, without getting punched by Lord Farquaad on Shrek's back (if only you guys added Nick shouting ""DONKEY"" whenever he spotted Blake). - Anyways, with that and the humor aside, when you are trying to find your way in the dark, with branches and trees blocking your vision even further, at times this happens while escaping from someone to whom is chasing you, and you are so focused on ""NOT TODAY!"" running, that you end up going into a dead end, or getting caught on something like a log, that you end up being caught and killed. Or even in the corn fields. Yes, once more you are in an unknown place and that's apart of the point, apart of the tension, but again, when things aren't clear enough, it gets frustrating and now you're surounded by corn, trying to stay near the walls to find the way out while for the most part being like ""??? D:<""Then there is that note, out at the lake, where you actually HAVE to go in the water and get on that patch of land to find it. I mean, I can see the reason why that was a thing; to have the player really guess if The End of Days is ACTUALLY happening, or not and if they caught onto things like ""Nah. Murkoff is being the group of hoe bags that they are."" But when your character literally says ""There are certain things I'm not dealing with and water is one of them"", it really makes the player miss out on something they actually may of really wanted to know, that they would of been excited to know about. Aaand sadly I was one of those people. So again, I can see one reason being to keep the player guessing of what's REALLY happening, but still.Now lastly before I move on to praising; THE CHASING. There was so much of it. Now we are in a place where there isn't too many people, but enough to where word could get around fast upon each area. So those hunting for Blake are going to be on high tension and alert, but as someone playing the game, it gets VERY exhausting. Because for one, after an event, you can't just stop and let it fully soak in, and think about it for a moment and try to piece things together while still progressing in game. Because right after something critical to plot, it's more... effective, i guess would be the word, to just let it sit with you for a minute and really help dig into that of whom is playing the Outlast 2 game, and cause that build that it was intended to create. But when you're being chased right after a critical line of plot; it really takes away the moment it could have had with the player. The breaks between Outlast: Whistleblower were very good, and I wished that it got carried over into Outlast 2. Hopefully it will for the DLC (which there hopefully will be - to help explain things more clearly)Oh, also, the audio at a flashbacks back in th school, when you filmed certain events and play it back, the voice audio is a little too quiet.SO! With that all aside, and my personal look on the flaws done, I must say I LOVE this game. The unknown is a scary place. That element went very well with the situation of also being among people that are placed upon it, with the most errie sort of notion to them upon simply laying sights on them, and the build of how these people have come to be capable of the most inhuman things possible casted well upon my opinion. With those two things coming together, the unknown about the area and the people, are indeed able to cause tension and that sort of  ""I'm just gonna ♥♥♥♥ off in this direction!"" thing, going on in the player. And that is just simply by the towns folk in the village. As to even upon those standing still (such as the women preaching), you can't help but to feel weary and unsure at first in fear that they are going to do SOMETHING. Becuase sometimes when that of which is watching you is doing nothing; that alone can be scary as well. Then, when you are put in those situations, where you have those that are able to hunt you down, or unexpected scares happening every now and then, I will admit there were a few times when I screamed aloud.Also, the creepyness. Like this one part during a flashback, where you were at a double door, and there was the shadow of Blake's inner demon just THERE, casting upon it. Or when it was also in the pool with you, and you just turn to find it chasing after you. Those moments of unease when the music starts picking up. Something is happening.I personally felt a lot of emotions during the game; in a good way mind you! Like I personally grew to connect with Blake (half the reason why I didn't go into that stupid lake water; I respected him enough tho he's simply a character). Getting to know HIM, being able to hear him speak over writing on a note pad (tho don't get me wrong! I connected with Miles and Waylon as well) brought us closer to the character I believe and feel more intact to them as a person. You could also tell he was a good person. Like the ways he interacted with Lynn and how he tried to comfort her, the way he spoke at certain points, like when Ethan died. Instead of just being like ""welp anyways"", he showed compassion and did what I hoped he would when he got out from the hiding place underground, and told Ethan ""thank you"" for not giving him away. And then at the end of the game, oh my gosh... I am just going to admit it; I CRIED over Blake. I didn't do that with Miles when he met his sorta end, but Blake, yah. Because I connected to him enough, and to see him just go like that was just got me emotional. But it wasn't just him that grew on me, it was the other characters, or at least those on my side. Like Ethan. I literally felt sad when he died, because though it was short lived, that connection of ""omg... this person is being nice to me among this hell."" Because though it was short lived, it was that show of humanity and kindness Ethan had. Even when Martha was going to kill him, he didn't give up on Blake. And that just... hit my heart, because that was so brave, and so utterly selfless of him. And then there was Jessica. A character that would remind someone of a friend maybe they had back in the day. A character that could be relatable even to someone other people know these days. And the thing is, is that she seemed... real. Not fake, like being overly cheery and cute and all that over done stuff that tries hard to make the player connect to someone whom you already know is lost. She was BELIEVABLE as a childhood friend; as a kid.And then, the story all together. Some people can be very critical about it, but I enjoyed it once I was able to put the pieces together as to what happened. It is such an interesting thought, how a company comes to do such things to these poor people, and you as a character find yourself in the middle of it, and being affected by it as well, and witnessing over HOW and what way. I still hope there will be a DLC to help explain things further, but all in all, the game was very much extraordinary! Thank you again RB. <3"
76561198108031310,Recommended,414700,31677415,Posted: 10 May,all,Captain Cuddles,"Wow! Just wow!As a fan of the first game, Ihave to say that this one is far superior.Pros:-Great story-Great scares-Insane graphics-Chilling atmosphereCons-Sometimes the main characer's dialogue is a bit over the topAlso, on a side note. Best flashback sequences Ive seen in a whileHighly recommend!"
,Recommended,414700,31498940,Posted: 1 May,all,TrumpKingsly,"This game is outstanding. Mechanically, it's a new spin on the first game's approach and, more importantly, it's much more evolved than the first game, narratively.MechanicsIf the first Outlast was a trepidatious game of hide and seek, Outlast 2 is a frenzied obstacle course. ""Pathing while panicked"" sums it up, nicely.Some of the game certainly has you hiding and sneaking around the bad things. In these segments, the new challenge is tracking enemy positions. Foliage and large areas make that really difficult (and the effect is very frightening). Your new tool in these situations is your camera's directional microphone. You can hear mumbling and shuffling from clear across the zone, so it's really useful.Most of the game, however, makes the bad things catch you off guard. This sends you into a panicked bolt away from them and through twists and turns that you have to navigate perfectly or else be decimated by something terrible.To me, this makes Outlast 2 more exciting than Outlast 1, but not quite as scary moment-to-moment. Much more ""Oh♥♥♥♥♥♥ where can I go?"" and much less ""Oh god, he's right over there.""And that brings us to the game's story.Narrative and StorytellingWho gave a damn about Miles Upshur? What he was before his night at Mount Massive doesn't matter. He's a blank slate character, which makes him a really effective player surrogate. When you're in the zone in the first Outlast, you're the main character. Miles fades into the background.Blake Langermann is his own character. He is the star of this game. He has a backstory, and his backstory is extremely important. This is a double-edged sword. On the positve side, it lets the game tell a story that is far more sophisticated and frightening than the first game's (the gameplay is what was frightening about Outlast). Of course, there's still a moment-to-moment plot to follow. Blake and his Wife are in a helicopter crash in Arizona. Wife is abducted by a backwoods Christian cult, and Blake sets out to save her.What matters, though, is not what happens in the moment-to-moment plot. The plot is a device used to tell the story that really matters--a story that takes place outside of Blake's experience and can be taken with us when we stop playing. The story of Outlast 2 is more relevant than that of Outlast, in other words. I'll leave it at that to avoid spoiling anything. This is what I mean when I say the story is more sophisticated and frightening than the first game's.On the negative side, Blake being a character means he talks (or perhaps thinks) to himself all the time. He talks about his feelings and memories quite a bit, but that's not what makes this aspect of the game so negative. That just further characterizes a character that the game asks us to agree is not us from the start of the story. The problem is that Red Barrels often falls back on their voiced protagonist as a crutch to help players avoid presumed confusion. Blake Lara Crofts the player's way through objectives, in other words. ""I need to find a hook!"" Yeah, I know Blake. Just let me figure these out, okay?Lara Crofting is a trend that really works against otherwise great games.ConclusionPlay the game. The first was tense hide and seek with a story that didn't matter much outside of itself. Outlast 2 is a frantic obstacle course with a story that matters almost exclusively outside of itself.Addendum: Play it on hard, at least. Normal difficulty allows the bad things to hit you like, 3-4 times before they kill you. That's just as goofy as it was in the first game. Hard has them kill you in two hits, while your Chris-Walker-style enemies insta-kill you. That's the good stuff."
76561198074755131,Recommended,414700,31688716,Posted: 11 May,all,Papa Bless,"While this outlast is still very fun and exciting at most parts, it does seem lack luster when compared to the previous one. There are some levels where the devs assume you will know where to go and how to navigate the level properly however, this isnt always the case. All in all I did enjoy most of my time on Outlast 2 and would recommend it to horror fans, but I did run into some issues here and there. [7.8/10]"
,Recommended,414700,31702850,Posted: 12 May,all,.:SagnolTheGangster:.,"Not good for old people,makes you prey for mercy..."
,Recommended,414700,31384452,Posted: 26 April,all,๖Fluffy,"Heretics, heretics everywhere!"
76561198084491465,Recommended,414700,31566698,Posted: 5 May,all,J E R R Y,i have been waiting 1 and a half year for the second game and i am speechless... i love it i can't wait until the dlc comes out
76561198161021332,Recommended,414700,31754177,Posted: 14 May,all,Swindle,"Coming from a huge fan of Outlast 1 I had really high expectations coming into this game. I will say that this game has some amazing factors but also suffers in some areas.PROS- absolutely amazing graphics, atmosphere is just unreal and super realistic, game is still creepy af and overall in my opinion has a better and more immersive storyline.CONS- Game does run really choppy sometimes and it dosent matter what graphics I have it set on. A lot of people complained about this game being trial and error and it honestly isnt that bad however there are some parts that I did die a couple times and had to keep trying. $30 is questionable"
76561198261787758,Not Recommended,414700,31771974,Posted: 15 May,all,Anush,"This is a really poor successor to the first game which was probably one of the best horror experiences I have ever witnessed. I do not know what the problem was but the game kept changing the system settings on every boot, And the biggest dissapointment I face was when the game erased my f*&@@#g save file. After six hours of moderate experience, the game decided to give me an actual horror experience, 2/10!!"
,Recommended,414700,31775922,Posted: 15 May,all,ch1nnuck,"Good game, Bad Ending.Too much running, No hiding.Good gameplay mechanics, Bad story.I'd personally rate this game a 2.5/5"
76561198060994412,Recommended,414700,31531707,Posted: 3 May,all,harakiri,Was a great game! Ending was just breath taking.. It would be even better if this game would be longer.
76561198008302916,Recommended,414700,31799987,Posted: 16 May,all,dirtyCAT,A good stealth game in the horror genre.
,Recommended,414700,31789361,Posted: 16 May,all,Alone,"As much as everyone is complaining about this game, I found it quite enjoyable and very nerve-racking. The overall tone of the game is extremely heinous and downright evil, and when it comes right down to it, the more you delve into the story, the worse it becomes.The Pros:- The game is honestly very scary when you play through it the first time, even if you happen to die more than once at a particular part.- Many people believe that Outlast 2 was not related to the original Outlast at all, which deterred them from playing the game again, but if you gather and collect the notes and recordings throughout the game, you'll find that there's more references to the original Outlast than meets the naked eye (and more that actually has a huge impact on the current story; literally).- The AI are honestly one of the most enjoyable things in this game for me; a lot of people, from what I've seen, are getting irritated that they find you with little to no trouble at all. Well, that's how it would be in a real-life situation. If you see grass rustling, wouldn't you look there? If you hear a locker door shut, wouldn't you look there? If a man runs into a house with little to no hiding places aside from under a bed, it's only logical to look under the bed. The fact that the developers put a more realistic mindset to the AI in being able to determine where you are makes the game all the more terrifying in my eyes.The Cons:- As much as I love the game and the more realistic AI, sometimes it did get a little too out of control. For example, one of the most horrible parts of the game during my run waswhenever you have your run-in with Laird and Nick after returning to the real world in the small, abandoned house in the woods. Whenever I would attempt to go one way, the AI knew where I was going almost immediately and made it much harder to navigate around them without getting an arrow right through my forehead. Not to mention Laird's aim was nearly spot-on every shot, which made running away from him nearly impossible once he spotted you.- The deeper story is harder to uncover unless you collect every note, and read them very carefully. This is not a bad thing (I personally like it that way); however, the main story could have done a much better job keeping their ducks in a row, per se. The main story was often very vague, and it jumped from one area to the next with little to no context about what was going on. Once you complete the game, it becomes a bit more clear, but only if you collect the notes and read them to discover what exactly was going on in this poor town that Blake and Lynn stumbled upon.Overall, this game was amazing to play through. In my opinion, it was just as good as the first game; the story-telling could use a little bit of work, but I believe that the developers made a wonderful sequel to the original Outlast. I can only hope the frachise will continue for maybe one more game, to finally put all of the unanswered questions (the ones that will most likely remain unanswered in whatever DLC the company provides for Outlast 2) to rest."
,Recommended,414700,31782605,Posted: 16 May,all,PlebbiCide,Game can teach you how to be a Christian.
,Recommended,414700,31798185,Posted: 16 May,all,Cooper_S,"Outlast 2 is possibly one of the most unique cases for games this year. So let's mark off what made and broke this game.Pros:-Setting is beautiful-Camera added the mic to expand gameplay from the first-Story is intricate-Not just a copy and paste of Mount MassiveCons:-Enemy AI is too smart to act human at points-Can die in zones more than others taking tension away if you fail too much-Story is hard to understand without outside sources if you don't read all the documentsMy Opinion on Outlast 2Honestly I'm just going to say it I loved each minute of this game. The setting you travel as Blake is one to behold. If you're not getting chased by someone trying to kill you stop and look around. With the edition of the microphone it made the camera play a little different to be refreshing from the first. Now to the fun part. That was sarcastic by the way. The enemy AI is too good for its own good. From Val to Marta they seem like they can sense you and seek you out. Even the regular enemies can hunt you down. This is my one complaint on my end. It kinda killed the mood when I died 3 or 4 times in a row. However, if you don't die too often you should be in for a good experience. Finally the story. Oh this baby actually blew my socks off. Now I see a lot of people complaining about how it did not make sense, but I think that's the best part. The story IS there you just have to think or dig into the game. This game doesn't hold your hand to make you understand it. And once you figure out what all did happen this little light will ding over your head and you will love what just happened. Really I think it all comes down to how much you really want to work at finding answers. So if you want your hand held then play something easy like Amnesia. BUT if you want to actually see the full potential of this game it's going to take more than just a speed run on normal and you saying, ""what?"" at the credits.This is just my opinion and hope my review added a little more insight to the game."
,Recommended,414700,31783493,Posted: 16 May,all,General_Dave,"And I thought Resident Evil 7 and the first outlast game were scary, This is torture. A great step up from the last one. If you want to get scared, this is your safest bet."
76561198034978223,Recommended,414700,31370554,Posted: 25 April,all,Cassar1709,"Outlast 2 is a very good game but with its flaws.First of all, the game has amazing graphics, optimization, and voice acting. In fact, at some points it is hard to distinguish the game from reality. The sound of Outlast is notable for being one of the best out there and it really fits with the theme of the game; you will need to have a good sound to be able to identify where your enemies are to try and get through unoticed. Outlast 2 runs perfectly to me, without a single framedrop during the entire playthrough, not even when auto saving. The most surprising thing is: the game does not contain loadings. The only loading screens of the game are after you die, but even then they take at most 2 seconds. Playing a game for hours without a single loading screen (assuming you don't get killed a lot) is a very impressive thing and that really helps in the immersion of the game.Unlike Outlast, this sequel brings a lot of mechanics such as bandages, stamina, microphone and so on. Most of these mechanics were built to either make the game more realistic or to bring some convenience, while still maintaining the challenge and tension of the first game.It is important to note, though, that unlike Outlast, this game is set in an open area, which means more places to explore and less obvious places to go. Sometimes it's hard to know where to go and that can bring frustration, but Red Barrels have been releasing updates that lower the difficulty of the game in certain spots.The story is a very tricky aspect to talk about. Most people seem to dislike the story of Outlast 2 because it wasn't clear enough or because there too many holes in it. The fact is; it is extremely important to read the notes in this game, and some of them are very hard to find, especially the most important ones. When reading these notes the story becomes a bit more interesting but there is still a lot to it that isn't explained. What a lot of people don't seem to realize is that this was intentional. Mysterious and unexplained stories only add on to the psychological horror aspect of the game, which by the way, is very well explored. Truth is, just like in the first game, there will most likely be a DLC which will cover the holes and explain more about it.The real problem with this game is the ending. (No spoilers) Red Barrels meant to make a game that wasn't long since the game cointains too much heavy content and graphics, in that I agree, but they didn't do it in the most optimal way. It was very clear that the last 3 chapters of the game were rushed to try and shorten the lenght of the game, and the beginning was already long enough. This explains why there are so many chasing scenes at the end and not much hiding, and people tend to take the ending impression as the whole game. There definitely are tense moments in which you need to hide and wait for the enemies to pass by, but those are easily overlooked since it's at the beginning and players tend to think this is a 'normal' thing.I assume that they miscalculated the first chapters and ended up having to shorten the last ones to give the desired game length. The problem with that is; the final impression of the game is always the one that sticks and that's when players will decide whether they liked the game or not, and since the ending was lacking, most players automatically say they dislike the game without thinking about the good moments at the beginning. That combined with the story is enough for people to say it's a bad game, and that's perfectly understandable.In summary, Outlast 2 is a very well made game, but with a lot of flaws that may or may not compromise the enjoyment of the game, it depends on the player. I definitely would recommend this game but I completely understand why some people wouldn't, and me being a person who played the game multiple times, I can assure my statement. However, this game is not recommended to those easily frightened and that don't know what they are getting themselves into."
,Recommended,414700,31821819,Posted: 18 May,all,Eggcelent,"I really can just say that they stepped the game up a lot with Outlast 2, you really feel what the character you are playing is feeling, mostly lost, confused, stressed and absolutely hopeless of ever finding an exit to this hell.The storytelling is absolutely stunning, I always loved it in the first outlast and the dlc, it makes you like the villians, understand them and I always was a fan of fanatics and where they go for their believes or why they finally found the reason to defy them.Without getting to much spoilers into this, its amazing how they showed the crazieness spreading and the hopelessness of your character, same as all the wonderful details you can find scattered everywhere.This outlast is the polished version of outlast without being anything like the previous games, its far more scary, far deeper and with even better villians to scare the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you, not to mention the fantastic story that rounds everything up.The only negative things are some minor situations where using ""crouch"" or ""crawl"" can be very significant and make you think your game is broken, so that should be fixed, but otherwise, 10 Batteries/ 10 Bandages , would always recommend and really hope for a DLC to this one."
76561198325221671,Recommended,414700,31874931,Posted: 20 May,all,danny960831,"The storyline is good. Not used to the chasing but it's thrilling. The school part is quite scary, especially in the library!"
,Recommended,414700,31372452,Posted: 26 April,all,║█║▌║█║▌█║,"Shivers.. shivers everywhere, this game is not only have jumpscare. It also give u shivers when there is no jumpscare at all. Graphic is top notch but when the camera turns to nightmode, there is some fps drop. Other than that is good performance.Gr8 game m8 r8 8/8"
76561198067306697,Recommended,414700,31527063,Posted: 3 May,all,Tootis :3,Truly frightening game. It was a extraordinary experience. Scary as ♥♥♥♥ but I really really loved it. The new features to the camera really made this game even better than the first game. To avoid spoilers I just want to say that the ending was quite weird and I'm really hoping on a DLC that will hopefully clear things out.Thanks for this Awesome game!
,Recommended,414700,31535340,Posted: 3 May,all,Skolia,"I enjoyed this first, and this has some new mechanics and deals with completely different characters/situations.    I'm not usually one for horror (or survival) games but I do recommend this one.The storytelling is excellent.   Some of the game mechanics were a little frustrating but should be improved in the next patch."
,Recommended,414700,31535285,Posted: 3 May,all,boots,"This is not a sequel.Don't go into it expecting it to be like the first Outlast. In many ways it is, but at its surrounding core its a different game.It's much harder, it's not clear where to go or how you get past an enemey ands it's extremely punishing. The AI is very smart, and surprised the hell out of me by crawling through tunnels which i definitely didnt expect.Some may not like the sort of flashback story telling method in which you're periodically placed in a school, but i loved those parts. they built an interesting, scary and mysterious minor (or major) plot line that was just as good as the ""real"" world.the graphics and sound are stunning, there are some new camera features that add a lot to the game.The only area i think this game lacks in is story. I spent a lot of time having to pause and ask myself, ""wait, what the hell is going on?"" but things became clear eventually, though they left many questions unanswered entirely. they built a horrifyingly intruiging world, and decided not to explain some aspects that i felt should have been more addressed.despite what the story lacked slightly, i still loved it and thoroughly enjoyed it."
76561198037437943,Recommended,414700,31532621,Posted: 3 May,all,TheyCallMeJohnWick,"I bought this game just to say ""♥♥♥♥ you Australian Board of Classification!"""
76561198064651157,Recommended,414700,31535187,Posted: 3 May,all,Bearded Soul,"-Gameplay felt very improved from the last one:more clever AI, more responsive controls, not that difficult if you are used to horror and stealth games and you never lack any ressources.-Extremely beautiful visually:the visual is defenitly great, a lot of attention was given to details, and it really shows, several areas are stunning.-very powerfull images:A lot of memorable moments, being important or less to the story, there is always something to catch your eye and make you feel something (generally discomfort mixed with amazement )-very emotionnal:soundtrack adding a lot to it, I would say generally the game makes you feel a lot of things, but not always fear or stress.-of course, extremely scary:as is was designed for... And they achieved it without over-using jumpscares - the ambiance and mood makes everything ( and thanks to the wonderfull soundtrack again )-intriguing and clever story:it builds up slowly but you are the one to understand it with time (they do not take you by the hand to explain everything as if you were a kid) - and it is defenitly original- and I just totally loved it , as a huge fan of the first one, and of horror games in general, I wasn't dissapointed at all"
,Recommended,414700,31394471,Posted: 27 April,all,Dantex24,This game is sick and filled with every possible disgusting thing you can imagine ... it's great!
76561198024658442,Recommended,414700,31452917,Posted: 29 April,all,k.coates23,"Im only a few hours in, but so far I find myself enjoying it greatly. The atmosphere they created with 2 is even better than the first one. I so far have found no issues with the game.  Worth the price so far."
76561198105542997,Recommended,414700,31569890,Posted: 5 May,all,Juses Crust,Great experience.
76561198280643959,Recommended,414700,31574125,Posted: 5 May,all,marmarmadness14,I love this game!! The graphics and movements are so much better and smoother!! I loved the furst Outlast and Whistleblower and I love how Outlast 2 actually brings in dialouged allys!! It was a great scare and story! WOULD RECOMMEND!
76561198336366072,Recommended,414700,31571658,Posted: 5 May,all,pierce.zirnheld527,"Reading other reviews listed here, I was surprised how much I ending up enjoying the game. I expected unforgiving AI, constant chases, and a bland ending. What I got was different.Hiding was invaluable to me, and I used it to my advantage, only being found if the AI saw me enter the barrel, locker, etc. They didn't stalk around my position until I left and hiding saved my skin several times. I enjoyed the better, tougher AI for when I did get found, it felt like unless a miracle happened my screw-up would cost me my life.The chases, while certaintly more than the previous game, weren't all bad. Once or twice I was confused where to go, but that was my own fault. The paths are obscure, but if you pay close attention you'll find your way. I like that in a horror game, the path isn't lit for you but it doesn't require trial and error to find.I also expected the game itself to be pretty short according to some other reviews. My first run lasted 8.5 hours with maybe 30 minutes due to confusion and dying a couple times. For a first playthrough on hard, I think that is a good length.The environments were varied and interesting, and shifted well into one another. The environments and plethora of small side-paths made the game feel more open while at the same time the darkness and atmosphere made the setting feel ominous. I like the use of the slot canyons and cliffs; they made me feel truly trapped and confined.I also prefer the more ambiguous ending. I enjoy how you get to pick through what the games gives through notes and recordings to decide for yourself what exactly transpired at Temple Gate, and I will definitely reply this more to try and complete the puzzle.Overall I'd give this game a 9/10. Good graphics, the sounds (with headphones) make you truly feel like you're listening through Blake's ears, and the atmosphere is very good at keeping the creep-factor high. Definitely give this a try if you enjoy horror."
,Recommended,414700,31573001,Posted: 5 May,all,MEGAPARSEC,Pretty ♥♥♥♥in weird
76561198275364651,Recommended,414700,31572945,Posted: 5 May,all,♉ S2piTPig ♋,best horror game ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
76561198126771780,Recommended,414700,31572684,Posted: 5 May,all,KeeKee,I loved outlast 2. I was on the edge of my seat nearly the whole game. There was a lot of times though where I felt it was trial and error and kind of ruined the imersiveness to the story if that makes any sense. After all that I enjoyed the story and the gameplay and would recommend my friends to try out both Outlast and Outlast 2.
,Recommended,414700,31545201,Posted: 4 May,all,Simon_Smartypants,"Finished in Nightmare mode.  Loved it just like the first one, but I feel it lacked...New setting and the visuals combined with the sounds of the mastermind composer were absolutely amazing, the AI actually hunting you through the crawlspaces was a good touch and the addition of a tracker to see what documents and videos you have was something I wish the first game had.This game has gore, it has blood, it has both disturbing and simply WTF?!?!-moments, but I didn't feel scared until more than halfway through the game, and the fright only came when Jessica was running around in the school, jumpscaring me.As some have said before, the stealth aspect is far less significant than in the first game - many times, rushing ends up achieving more than trying to sneak. Even in Nightmare, I felt than for the first 6 hours of the 15 that I spent playing, I just blasted through and sometimes took the time to enjoy the scenery.Many chase scenes came down to luck - 10-15 attempts and then turning to Youtube because the big question was - is this REALLY what I have to do?Would have hoped for more jumpscares, even if they're the cheapest kind... though I feel I also missed some jumpsiedoodles due to the lack of batteries :DMedium-long story short - get it, but wait for sales. It does not feel like it delivers in accordance with the release price."
,Recommended,414700,31532588,Posted: 3 May,all,PatsDark,This game made me a christian.
,Recommended,414700,31593604,Posted: 6 May,all,Peasants,"Recommended - Only for the realistic graphics, with an uncanny attenttion to detail.Graphics: AMAZING!! Even the smallest details are put into this game, either by the folds you see in the maps hung on the wall, to the wavy dents you can see through the reflection of light on a locker, or the floating piece of poop in the pee bucket.  Who ever was the art director made sure the game was absolutely PERFECT for graphics, this is the main reason I'd recommend this game.Audio: Dramatic sound tracks, voice over acting is perfect, sound effects....all of it was good.Plot: I was lost, even after reading a few of the ""pages"" you pick up I ended up just giving up. This isn't the type of game that's exactly linear either, so it can get confusing. Some of the characters are random and do random stuff, but it doesn't ruin the game.Gameplay: Heres another iffy part of the game, as a stand alone game it's basically a chaser. You get chased everywhere. The wife thought it was scary running from the baddies, but not for me. Comparing it to Outlast 1, this one os a failure. In Outlast 1 there was strategy to avoiding the bad guys, you HAD to hide in lockers to not be found, you had to observe where the bad guys are going...it was challenging. Outlast 2 was nothing like that, it was nothing but chase scenes. almost zero stealth scenes, and if there was it was in a maze setting, or an open field.Pos:++ Graphics+ Animation+ AmbianceCons:- Plot- gameplayTL;DR Get chased and don't know why, best realism in a game ever seen."
,Recommended,414700,31386914,Posted: 26 April,all,Owlbear,"I havent completed this game but I feel I have enough hours in game to write quick thoughts. IT'S FANTASTIC! Its an absolute blast to play. Its terrifying, tense, and brutal, and it is all put together flawlessly. Its an attraction through a haunted house in october; scary but all the while still being a good time. Im verry impressed with Outlast 2. A+"
76561198123954524,Recommended,414700,31385582,Posted: 26 April,all,Kilo,"It's not as good as Outlast.  There I said it.  I personally believe that the original game paced it's chase sections and enemies perfectly.  For about the last hour of playing I haven't had more than three or four minutes of breathing time before I was being chased.  The enemies are unpredictable in the most unfair ways.  Crouching around is more trouble than it is worth since a literal Dues Ex Machina flash bang goes off and knocks out all of the enemies when you clear an area.  You will end up getting sick of sneaking and just opt for running past them.  Running isn't fool proof either since you constantly get snagged on static objects all the time when running around.  All of this leads you to dying alot.  As I am sure most of you know that the best way to stop being scared of an enemy is to let it kill you a couple of times.  That's how I got past that big ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ in the first game.  In this game you will more often than not have to chalk you deaths up to bad design and instead of being scared you are just frustrated.With all that being said, I do like it.  I am enjoying it almost as much as Resident Evil 7...almost.  Resident Evil 7 also cost $60 and was not even close to being long enough.  Outlast 2 is half that much and let's just say you get what you pay for.  I bought a $30 first person horror game and I feel like I got a $30 first person horror game.  Nothing more, nothing less.  It really pains me to say that since the dev team really outdid themselves with the first one.  The setting and story just worked against the game mechanics too much in this one.  We were all hoping it would be some master stroke of game development and the fame of the first game really holds this one down.  Not all of your games can be masterpieces I suppose."
76561198338743405,Recommended,414700,31385132,Posted: 26 April,all,FadedSeven,"Well, I do recommended it for sure, I did enjoy playing it and i just finish it..but in my opinon the first Outlast with the DLC is better than Outlast 2 story wise,also the graphics and the sounds is great in Outlast 2."
,Recommended,414700,31361495,Posted: 25 April,all,Avitheous,Yes
,Recommended,414700,31362109,Posted: 25 April,all,MC Ride,"Outlast 2 is my favorite horror game of 2017 so far!It has a great story, voice acting, voice effects, mechanics etc...It improves on pretty much everything from the first game and its DLCMy only cons are that despite it being a short game it feels like an eternity making the game feel a little dragged out and that in some sections you die so much it starts getting on your nerves a bitOutlast 2 was a great experience and I rate it an 8.7/10"
76561198125959692,Recommended,414700,31362552,Posted: 25 April,all,Krix,♥♥♥♥♥ 10/10
76561198142238534,Recommended,414700,32023570,Posted: 28 May,all,Adavidsnake,"Good jumpscares, good chase scenes, good story (some questions unanswered tho), good price.Great game 8.5/10"
76561198041130973,Recommended,414700,31555663,Posted: 5 May,all,Comander555666,"Now that I've finished it I can say, Yes! it is a good game and with the first Outlast and Whistleblower dlc you get a really neat story, It is better than the first in almost every aspect, but theres a lot of rumours floating around censorship, the game apparently had a previous, and more brutal version, that Red Barrels decided to cut down somehow, however get scared a lot and the atmosphere and tone is really unpleasant. Great horror Game for its price, looking forward for DLC and Outlast 3, in the End Outlast is the series that inspired RE7!(edit:) and till now, all the people I saw complaining bout level design, were really bad at this game, or simply didnt enjoy the concept of the game, if you cant stand running and hiding the whole time and cant stand ALWAYS having a ""monster"" in your back, just play Resi7 or dont play Horror games at all :peace:"
76561198145177412,Recommended,414700,31657682,Posted: 9 May,all,TheRampagingCow,"Personily Outlast is better than this one but this is still a good game 7/10 the game is good looking the effects are amazing and if you have razer mice and keyboards it adds more effects. The cons is you are almost constanly running from the bosses and there is about as much ,just enjoying the story as there was running away from the bosses in the original Outlast and so the enjoying and looking around in the original out last is the time spent running away from things in this one. Also there arn't any real scares in this one (only jump scares) and the parts were you are in the school but overall this is a good game,"
76561198263419785,Recommended,414700,31657492,Posted: 9 May,all,HOLY MY GOD,"very good and really scared me like oulast1, guys you are really good at making surrounding noise to make a perfect atmosphere, i hope there will be a oulast3 in a few years（maybe）thks"
,Recommended,414700,31658985,Posted: 9 May,all,Führer Adolf Hitler,how they make this game multiplayer should better dead by daylight
,Recommended,414700,31636694,Posted: 8 May,all,Mike Steele,spooky
,Recommended,414700,31654247,Posted: 9 May,all,câncer,"amazing just like the first one, simple as that.religion sometimes is scary af oh god.."
76561198063776021,Recommended,414700,31653783,Posted: 9 May,all,Falkreath,"I love this game. Outlast was slightly better than Outlast 2, but i recommend it for all players who love horror games/movies. The Story is very well."
76561197970800104,Recommended,414700,31636018,Posted: 8 May,all,CAL9000,"I'm a huge fan of Outlast 1 and the Whislteblower DLC so I'm happy to be writing a positive review of the much anticipated sequel. While Outlast 1 and Whistleblower were mostly set indoors, Outlast 2 drags us through a stunning-yet-sinister town in the Arizona desert as we face-off against Sullivan Knoth and his followers at the ominous Temple Gate.The story is presented in a fragmented but satisfying fashion: dragging us between the horrors of the past and present and giving no real sense of respite until the final credits roll. The graphics are eerie and stunning - with a wider variety of locales than the first game - and the game looked and ran incredibly well on my ageing machine (even on low settings).The music and sound effects deepen the unsettling atmosphere and the creepy enemies keep you on your toes. The new gameplay additions - such as the bandages - fit nicely alongside the existing Outlast mechanics but the real beauty of the series lies in its scenarios: to list my favourites would ruin the surprises but some of the 'transition' events were incredibly well done and I loved it when the game pushed me from one cruel scene into another.In terms of drawbacks, the game felt slightly less challenging than the first one (I played on 'Normal' as before) and, much like the first game, we're occasionally presented with ""run-or-hide"" type scenarios and it's not always satisfying or obvious as to which one to employ leading to a ""die-and-retry"" flow.That said, I have very little negative feedback about Outlast 2 as I thoroughly enjoyed exploring the twisted locations and unravelling the unsettling story. It's a much more varied and satisfying experience than the first game and the story events were well-paced, surprising and thrilling. Highly recommended for fans of Outlast 1 but if you enjoy the Frictional games (SOMA, Amnesia) you'll find lots to enjoy here also."
76561198204764009,Recommended,414700,31656279,Posted: 9 May,all,InDenial?,"Yes it is not as a good as the first game! (I think sometimes its hard to beat the original, sometimes its not).HOWEVER.... I would reccomend playing this game if you have played the first one because everything Outlast made me feel (Anxios, paranoid, scared etc) I felt the same from Outlast 2.I liked the story and some aspects of the game did seem a little annoying (Always having to run), Also the fact that they added placed to hide but I rarely hid throughout the game seems a little odd.But to conclude i would say you should play this game, just keep in mind it differs from the first one in so many ways."
76561198141680588,Recommended,414700,31423291,Posted: 28 April,all,Daddy Dungar,Why are people giving this game hate? I was a huge fan of the first game and couldn't wait for the sequel. I was absolutely blown away. Buy this game.9.5/10
76561198079496382,Recommended,414700,31423785,Posted: 28 April,all,SupMatto |K|,"In terms of the Outlast games I'd have to say that this comes in third after Whistleblower and the original game. That's not to say it's a bad game, but instead it just had big shoes to fill. I loved the voice acting especially with the main character Blake. You can feel his confusion and just how terrified he actually is of the hallucinations, his struggle with his past, and the horrors of Temple Gate. I think the game is absolutely worth the full price and it'll run you about 5-6 hours. If you were at all a fan of the first Outlast or the DLC this is certainly more of the same feeling. The game runs great by the way, those extra months definitely allowed Red Barrels to deliver a complete product. Good luck out there."
,Recommended,414700,31400866,Posted: 27 April,all,Gabber,Outstanding
,Recommended,414700,31424463,Posted: 28 April,all,Love for Myers <3,"Did not find any crows.Only a dude/woman (? wtf?) that licks my face and a woman chopping off my balls.Whats wrong with people these days? So Aggressive :'(They abuse you more in this game than you probably got bullied in school.Speaking of school: Good thing I never have to see a school from the inside ever again.Wouldn't put a step in one either.I need therapie.And a night lamp.(OK I got frustradeD allready because I died over 30 times. But thats probably because I play on hard. And if they say hard, it it hard. and it f**ks you hard)"
76561198220049107,Recommended,414700,31423091,Posted: 28 April,all,StickyLion,"Fantastic game! The story is intriguing. It reminds me of the good old days with Silent Hill. The gameplay is a little repetitive, but I really like that it can review all the footage and give comments. The scenery is stuningly beautiful. Recommand it for every horror game lover."
,Recommended,414700,32427870,Posted: 15 June,all,sparkz,"Outlast 2 is a good game that improves on some things from the original and falls short on others. No game is perfect and the drastic change from the tight asylum halls of Outlast to the cornfields of Outlast 2 is likely what made this game so controversial.The reason hiding was such a big focus in Outlast was because it was in a place where it made sense. In Outlast 2, the world is so open that running is literally your best option.If you were in this situation, don't tell me you are going to hide in a locker right next to a testicle-ripping witch instead of running if you have the chance.The biggest cons of Outlast 2 ultimately are its one hit kills, its confusing ending and its lack of character development (eg. barely got to see any of Gabe Newe- sorry, Sullivan Knoth, despite his face being posted up everywhere)."
76561197966105913,Recommended,414700,32286006,Posted: 9 June,all,Revixy,"An alright horror title.However, if you expect answers by the end of the game from this title without doing proper investigations through out the game, then you will be disappointed.Once you get all the puzzles collected and assempled on the other hand however, it will all make sense to some degree.8/10.Video playlist of the entire game below done by me:https://youtu.be/68fvttDq6ao?list=PLPxxdcb86ZHzv-nyZd3UDNLQb5_LbkD5k"
,Not Recommended,414700,32278918,Posted: 8 June,all,Blondjonesy™,"Personal rating: 4/10. Great to begin with, but quickly became apparent that it's not so good.So I was really looking forward to this because the first one is one of my favourite horror games, so it pains me that I really dislike this one.Firstly the good points:The game looks fantastic. The attention to detail on even the littlest things is mindblowing to me.Sound design is great. Audio cues, ambient music and the sound effects are great and work so well to incite tension.The school scenes and the story within them is really good and personally I prefered it to the main story because I felt more towards those characters than the main ones. I was absolutely immersed in the story and wanted to know more and was always dissapointed when they ended.Next the bad things:Hiding is pretty much pointless. There are plenty of places to hide but barely any use for them because the enemies either are nowhere near them or chase you down too quick to give you an opportunity to use it.Some of the enemies (in particular the woman with the cross axe) will hunt you down regardless of where you hide. I was constantly being found by enemies that didn't see me hide, they just automatically locked on to my location when they spawned in.Level design and direction is really poor (especially when compared to the first game). I was constantly getting lost and running in circles because the direction is just not clear 90% of the time. I was constantly advised to follow the lights but even then I was still lost. I feel that the biggest reason for the poor levels is because of the first game. They wanted to keep the linear style of the Outlast 1 which worked perfectly because kt was all enclosed and easy to navigate, something that doesn't translate well to this one which has much more open areas.SPOLIERS FROM HERE ON:SERIOUSLYSPOILERSOkay so the story.I was enjoying it at the start; creepy villagers, possibly in a cult, have kidnapped your wife and you need to get her back. Good. Simple. I like it.It quickly becomes uncomfortably religious but in a good way. Then it just got worse. The story went from rescuing your wife from a crazed priest to rescuing your pregnant wife from a cult of women who somehow plan to make her give birth even though she's like a week pregnant.The rest of the game is trying to get to some mines to save your wife. The game throws in lots of original characters along the way but does nothing with them besides a chase scene or 2.That's alright though, lot's of games do this type of story. What I have problem with is the ending. It is everthing I HATE in an ending to a game: it leaves it up to player's interpretation and leaves a sour taste in the player's mouth. So many questions are raised in the end sequence and none of them are answered (""is it about the anti-christ or Jesus or just a coincidence?"" is my main one)It just feels so lazy to me the way it ends. It feels like they didn't know how to resolve it so they left it up to you to decide (or possibly to DLC which is just scummy)."
76561198378855362,Recommended,414700,32330265,Posted: 10 June,all,dadworksforsega,"amazing game, 10/10"
76561198184638307,Recommended,414700,32330009,Posted: 10 June,all,bR janoss,"Omg, this is really a scarry game and nice.. xo"
76561198008991328,Recommended,414700,32330881,Posted: 10 June,all,Bookoowookoo,Not as good as the first like everyone else says but I still enjoyed it and got some good jumps and chills.
76561198035816661,Recommended,414700,32317457,Posted: 10 June,all,HJORTRON,My dice says 7! Well made!
76561198028248652,Recommended,414700,32324419,Posted: 10 June,all,Lunabelle,"Amazing! had to stop a few times because I was actually scared which hasnt happened in a LONG TIME! Well worth the price, cant wait for a DLC.."
76561198375070237,Recommended,414700,32340082,Posted: 11 June,all,Dezill-SOBOLAN,Good GAME!!!!!!
,Recommended,414700,32308191,Posted: 9 June,all,XxX_nickspeanut_XxX,great horror game i have one problem though the game doesn't reallly run very well on my pc not because the game needsoptimization it's because my pc is 5 years old
,Recommended,414700,32760812,Posted: 25 June,all,UMOS8,"I've played all of the Outlast 1 DLC and now this game. I'd rank them as 1) Whistleblower DLC 2) Outlast 1 and 3) Outlast 2 ... had this game came out before Resident Evil 7, I'd have some different feelings about it - the FPS survival genre is evolving and Red Barrel should take a cue from RE7 and Alien: Isolation in letting you be able to fight back, manage inventory, and be a bit more tactical. Outlast 2 feels just as hoppy and parkour-esque as the first. I found there was a lot more crawling with some claustrophobic sequences happening frequently towards the second half of this game. I really enjoyed the environment and loved the sequences alternating between the high school and the wilderness. The story is a bit muddled and the dialogue kind of lame towards the end, but there are so many minor touches and polishes in this game that I'll still recommend it. Red Barrel obviously has a lot of passion and love for the genre they've helped pioneer. I just hope they take pointers from Capcom and other devs in advancing the genre."
,Recommended,414700,32754332,Posted: 24 June,all,BigBowl96,"There's only one thing i can tell about this game........ REALLY SCARY.... Just My heart beat really fast because the atmosphere is really scarry and that's awesome. But this game without it's downside...and that's the story. To be honest, i don't really understand the story, because the ending is confusing. Also, from what i thought, this game is take too much emphasis on running, just too much running... but, this game is really scary and i really recommended this game."
76561198098277093,Recommended,414700,32717905,Posted: 24 June,all,SpideySensesTingling,good game!  I recommend :)
76561198023204403,Recommended,414700,32895354,Posted: 27 June,all,MoarpheXx,"Worthy sequel to the first part.Up-to-date graphics, goes really well with the lovely level design and stunnig light effects.Absolutely great soundtrack by the composer who also did the score in the first game.Simple yet attractive gameplay, identical to Outlast 1 but also enhanced.Great, unique enemies, both regular ones and the special characters.Horror aspect may not be as good as it was in the first Outlast (depends on the player I guess), but still a great Outlast title and game itself, along with the gorgeous graphics and wonderful music."
,Recommended,414700,32116523,Posted: 1 June,all,Lincoln Balloon,"It's so rare that horror games get a sequel these days.  That alone was enough to make me want to pick up Outlast 2.  But was it worth it?  Well, as you can see by the giant blue thumbs up next to this review, the answer is yes.Outlast 2 places you in the shoes of Blake Langermann, a cameraman who is working with his journalist wife Lynn on the story of a Jane Doe's murder.  The investigation leads to the middle of nowhere Arizona desert, where your helicopter promptly crashes.  Lynn disappears, and it's up to you to go find her.If you've played the first Outlast, then you know basically what to expect here.  You have a camera with nightvision but a limited battery life which requires you to hunt spare batteries.  You have no weapons, so you have to either run or hide from the enemies you encounter, although now you can heal yourself with bandages.  The story is mostly told through notes that you find, but new this time are the scene recordings you can find.  Every now and then your camera will start recording something.  If you point it at the correct thing for long enough, you get a recording and when you look back on it with your camera, Blake will narrate over it.  You can also use the directional microphone to help pinpoint where enemies are, although you never have to use it oustide of one particular segment.The story revolves around a group of crazed religious nuts who believe that the end of the world is upon us through the birth of the anti-Christ.  Interspersed throughout are these hallucination sequences that take place at an old Catholic school Blake used to go to as a child, sequences which hinge around the death of a female student.  The transitions to the hallucination segements are very clever.  In one instance, Blake picks up his camera and you can see the scene slowly changing in on the screen before he puts it up to his eyes to find himself back in the school cafeteria.Honestly, the hallucination bits were the best part of the game for me.  The standard run-and-hide gameplay of the desert segments works fine for most of the game, even if it is exactly what you expect.  But the hallucination bits are interesting because it's never clear what to expect.  It works on dream logic, which means the environment can shift on you without warning and there's a different kind of tension at play.  My favorite part of the game was a section later on where you're running through an old mill near a mine.  As you're dodging the crazy hillbilly people who want to skin you alive, the scene shifts to the school multiple times mid-chase.  It's a clever section that highlights the dream-like nature of what's going on.Speaking of what's going on, Outlast 2 drops the ball on the story a little bit.  There are sections of the game that seem to last too long without progression (such as the Scalled camp segment).  And not only that, but the story is overly vague.  The end of the game is super ambigious and doesn't give you much in the way of explanation.  That is, unless you find the ONE SINGULAR NOTE that pretty much explains everything.  And it's easy to miss too, being hidden off the beaten path and all.  Ambiguity is one thing, but that's just ridiculous.Despite that though, the game is a very fun ride.  Outlast is very much the American-ized version of horror games: loud and gory, although there is a heavier psychological bent this time around as compared to its predecessor.  Like I said at the begining of the review, it's so rare to see horror video games get sequels, especially one with AAA production values.  That alone makes it worth a look.  And if you don't mind a bevy of cheap jumpscares and gore, you'll find that Outlast 2 is a very enjoyable game, much like a haunted house attraction at a state fair.  It won't change your life, but it won't waste your time either."
,Recommended,414700,32122339,Posted: 1 June,all,Fillswitch,"Good, but not as good as the first. Great setting/atmosphere, especially in the catholic school. Decent storyline, but ending isn't exciting enough. Graphics are very good. Horror loses focus when you have to play the same dumb gameplay loop because you couldn't run around the enemy.7/10"
76561198118484125,Recommended,414700,32119708,Posted: 1 June,all,Fluffytoaster,"If you've played the first, then its worth playing otherwise stay away from the game. Although the chase scenes take away from the tense atmosphere after having to repeat them multiple times, it is still creepy and the ending will stick with you days after."
76561197967645029,Recommended,414700,32115564,Posted: 1 June,all,l33tdood7,I just started this gem last night...and being the massive horror fan that I am this game is fantastic! I honestly like the setting more than the first game...within the first 10 minutes i was already freaking out...the textures are amazing as well as the gameplay 10/10
76561198161771632,Recommended,414700,32124864,Posted: 2 June,all,Ar?da,Hey I am using a good pc but the game is keep closing the computer other than that game is great
,Recommended,414700,32132411,Posted: 2 June,all,Jakonyyy csgobig.com,Este un joc foarte bun
76561198059036225,Recommended,414700,32141965,Posted: 2 June,all,dont blink 182,Outlast 2 falls short of outlast 1 but not a terrible game. (recommend on sale only)the chase scenes resort to a trial and error method of escaping. For example you run down a hallway and theres three doors two will be locked and if you try them you will most likely be caught and killed. Also most of the tention can be broken by sprinting so a lot of the scares only work if you play the game as if you are scared (if that makes sense). The story is meh and I dont really get the ending.
,Recommended,414700,32143405,Posted: 2 June,all,LewdChan™,insane christians > insane heretics? very own chase simulator 10+ times? 30$ worth it
,Recommended,414700,32004005,Posted: 27 May,all,ミユ,Got scared and screamed till my dad walked in and started telling me to keep it down while I was on stream.10/10 would scream again
,Recommended,414700,32232094,Posted: 6 June,all,Hinder,people complain about it not being scary and you always running away the whole game but it took me a week or 2 to finish this game... this game is scary af
76561198191087870,Recommended,414700,32209898,Posted: 5 June,all,Holy Shot,"U know Outlast's reputation from previous games..U will find in this game what u are waiting for..So scary , and very f*ckin' tensional..U have to play this game before u die if u can stand (lol)..i didnt notice any bug or something else..there is nothing to fix..It is worth what u paid..Congratulations to  Red Barrels Studio..U created the best horror game in the world..thx for reading..GG :)"
76561198138314639,Recommended,414700,32233289,Posted: 6 June,all,a_amaya,"The game was great and the awaiting for Outlast 2 is over. This game can be a hit or miss for some people depending on how your outlook on it is. For some it won't make any sense and for some that's okay because games like Outlast and Outlast 2 show a different kind of gameplay via storyline and other mechanics. I want to say that just because it's a game doesn't mean it has to make sense, sure it's merely for entertainment but Red Barrels had a different approch with the Outlast games. They wanted to give players a different experience. You play as Blake Langermann, a cameraman working with your wife, Lynn. The two of you are investigative journalists willing to take risks and dig deep to uncover the stories no one else will dare touch. Their plane crashes due to an unknown flash of light sends the plane to the ground, Blakes wife is missing and Blake sets out to find his wife. Through the experience you go through what Blake sees, and thinks, as you progress through the game you'll understand that something is terribly going wrong with the residence. The flash beam of light is also a mystery. Outlast 2 puts you in the action of ""Being in the wrong place at the wrong time"" And this is what most players will either hate it or love it. How does this relate to life? Most case scenarios life doesn't have many explinations to why horrible things happen and sometimes, just sometimes, you'll end up being in a place that makes you feel like you're in Hell. Outlast 2 is just that. An unexplain experience through a world of fear, paranoia, and a dying wish to know what's going on around you -- and All you can do is survive through it to the end."
76561198335124770,Recommended,414700,32231222,Posted: 6 June,all,KaptainKrunk,"Too much running, too much dying, not enough insane asylum. this game is more annoying than scary for me most of the time. was bit of a chore to finish. Even though its a good game story wise, I wasn't drawn into it like i was mount massive. My love for OL1 is only reason i bought this."
,Recommended,414700,33513495,Posted: 13 July,all,TehKaoZ,"Outlast was one of my all time favorites as far as horror games are concerned and Outlast 2 does generally deliver. The game isn't really connected to the first one (at least not in any way that warrants playing through the first one prior) and the story and themes felt entirely different. The graphics, sound and level design are phenomenal and really infuse a sense of fear and foreboding if not right out panic at times (particularly in the school sequences).My only real gripes about the game stem from what a few others have pointed out and that's the trial and error that occurs in some areas regarding the forced chase scenes and the diminished capacity for stealth. At times I felt like I was presented with an open environment in which I needed to ""find my way"" but quickly realized I was always being railroaded to play a specific way or die (and man, did I die ALOT) and as a result, I must say I liked the first game more. I also felt the narrative to be a bit difficult to follow because I missed a note or two and had to look up stuff after I beat the game. Either way, the game is worth it and a definite recommend. Hopefully the developers will just keep the negatives in mind when moving forward."
,Recommended,414700,31401788,Posted: 27 April,all,TheRealPinwheel,"At first I thought this game was terrible, but now I'm looking to give it another chance now that I know how the second game works in terms of it's mechanics. It feels more polished compared to the first game, though the story isn't that great. Red Barrels said that this game would link in with the first, however in my playthrough after reading the majority of the notes and documents I noticed that there was hardly any relation to Mount Massive Asylum from the first game. I just hope that the DLC does cover what happened after the end of the game. Like I said, it's a great game in terms of spooks, atmosphere, etc. But I'd wait for this game to drop in price, I ended up paying £23 for this game which I thought was reasonable because I loved the first Outlast. I beat it on nightmare and whatnot, but with the second installment and how it works I believe that I stand no chance of beating it on insane. Still, I'm gonna go back to the game and give it a second chance.Question is though, is the game good or nah?I'd say it's good, but not perfect in it's current state. I'm just waiting for the filler DLC now so I can get a gist of the story."
,Not Recommended,414700,33629797,Posted: 18 July,all,pizza.rar,"Fun and awesome; excellently optimized and interesting story, but way too short"
,Recommended,414700,33624441,Posted: 18 July,all,The Ben,"Many people have said that the first is better, I disagree, Outlast 2 is a more story driven game and makes a lot more sense as you play through it, the games is a lot harder than the first; hence the reason it takes longer to play (for some). The feeling of playing a character with a story also makes the game feel a lot better, because you can understand how the character feels when he is in a dangerous situation.As for the fear of the game, I would say it is a lot more scary than than the first Outlast, but the very scary parts come mid way through the game; when you get to the enclosed areas.To sum up my review, I think Outlast 2 is a brilliant game that is also replayable and will always have you scared."
,Recommended,414700,33617831,Posted: 17 July,all,Chase,Infirst 2: Get in and out before some phsycotic Catholic child ♥♥♥♥er gets you.
,Recommended,414700,33678921,Posted: 20 July,all,Raggamuffin,"Five Word Review: Gory romp through crazy town.Favorite Thing: The atmosphere. It was pretty creepy and sickening.Least Favorite Thing: The battery mechanic was a terrible mechanic in the last game and it's a terrible mechanic in this game. I missed a few scares while trying to conserve batteries.Date Completed: 2017-07-15Playtime: ~ 8hEnjoyment: 8/10Recommendation: Yes. If, like me, you enjoy horror games you'll enjoy this one."
,Recommended,414700,33672791,Posted: 20 July,all,Bakkori88i,"Maybe the first outlast more fun than this, but this is fun too and the Quality is better"
,Recommended,414700,33640000,Posted: 18 July,all,Shalashaska,More of the same from Outlast 1. Luckily the same happens to be a good thing in this series.
,Recommended,414700,31788605,Posted: 16 May,all,Enigmatic Swag Bag,"not nearly as good as the first one, but still an enjoyable game overall. 8/10"
,Recommended,414700,33691518,Posted: 21 July,all,teringnegers,"very good game, scary but not too scary good looking, gameplay is fun, storyline bit weak and not very clear (to me), maybe not worth the 30$ but in sale its a very good game for its price range."
76561198148352641,Recommended,414700,33682407,Posted: 20 July,all,Captain.Ultra,The ending is slightly disapointing but all in all the gameplay is scary and it is a damn scary game
76561198013862463,Not Recommended,414700,32261479,Posted: 7 June,all,Analog Pill,"I really wanted to like this, but everything just came off as predictable and mediocre. Above all, it just wasn't scary."
,Recommended,414700,33884653,Posted: 29 July,all,Trax cs.money,Nice!
,Recommended,414700,33868507,Posted: 28 July,all,AOB,"As terrifying as the first one is, this one tops it in many ways. Outlast 2 along with Outlast and Whistleblower are among the scariest, best and most fun horror experiences (including movies and games) out there right now. Definitely recommend playing it, unless you have a weak stomach, in which case you may wanna give it a pass as the blood and gore is well over the top, highly detailed, and is incessant, truly in honor of the first game.Some people seem to say the story telling was poor, however I think it is very well done. Instead of explicitly telling the story, the game wants to put you in the shoes of Blake (the protagonist). You dont any more about what's going on or about where you are than he does. Which gives it a much more mysterious, terrifying outlook in my opinion."
,Recommended,414700,31393320,Posted: 27 April,all,RenY,I love this GAME!!!!This is the  BEST game of 2017
,Recommended,414700,34137380,Posted: 9 August,all,psychoMonkey,"MORE THAN A JUMP SCARE... the second installmentAfter playing the first game, I was prepared for this one. I had my adult diapers on and ready. Again, the story was really compelling. The environment and sounds were extrememly well done. I really appreciate the added mic to the camera in this game; very nice touch. Unlike the first game, this guy cannot run forever. Although he can slide. I did map some of the controls to my mouse; like crouch and crawl to make gameplay a little more fluid. I do have to say this one was not as scary as the first, but still really scary. This game made me feel much more tense and panicked than the first. I am hoping there will be a third for this series.WORTH THE MONEY! GET IT!"
76561198081116625,Recommended,414700,34195291,Posted: 12 August,all,r3dth0rn91,"I played the first game witch was fanomonal. Check out my other review on outlast 1. This version of outlast is much different, though they are similar, the graphics have improved alot! In fact some of the game footage looks so real it could almost be mistaken for real life. Game does alot of references from other horror movies like The Shinning, Jacobs Ladder, House of a Thousand Corpses, Children of the corn, and The Thing. The environments are all different. They all suit the theme of each particular setting, and the character you play as has much more of a personality. Althought some of the flaws of this game is that the game gets a bit repetitive and you're forced to do the same things of running away from a enemies. I liked that they added more features to the characters camera and move set. Some of there characters are twice as frighting then from the first game. Alot of new story elements they added that I didn't expect and though the soundtrack was effective It became kind of annoying and redundant. None the less this story rich game has alot to offer espcially for horror fans and film fans. It touches on a pyschological horror there are alot of ""wtf!"" moments. I highley recommend this game but this is not for the faint of heart! Have fun."
,Recommended,414700,31631767,Posted: 8 May,all,D3NNYK,⠀⠀ ⠀⠀ ⠀⠀ ⠀⠀ ⠀⠀ ⠀⠀ ⠀⠀ ⠀⠀ ⠀⠀ ⠀⠀ ⠀⠀ ⠀⠀ ⠀⠀ ⠀⠀ ⠀⠀ ⠀⠀ ⠀⠀ ⠀⠀ ⠀⠀ ⠀⠀ ⠀⠀ ⠀⠀ ⠀⠀ ⠀⠀ ⠀⠀ ⠀⠀ ⠀⠀ ⠀⠀ ⠀⠀ ⠀⠀https://steamcommunity.com/tradeoffer/new/?partner=388091754&token=cKxo2zbe──████────████───█───█────█───█────█───█──────█───██──█─────█─█─────█───█───███────█─█─█──────█──────█───█──────█───█──██──────█──────████────████───█───█──────█────
,Recommended,414700,34441004,Posted: 23 August,all,Señor Pendejo,I can't really give a review to such a great mind♥♥♥♥ing game ...Just play it ...
,Recommended,414700,31473225,Posted: 30 April,all,Scabloonshki,"Outlast 2 was a game I was seriously looking forward to. I was checking Red Barrels' twitter account constantly waiting for new information regarding the game ever since the teaser trailer came out in October of 2015. It didn't help that the game was delayed, which made my hype thrusters go even faster than they were already going. As a result my expectations were very high, especially since I enjoyed the first one so much.When the game finally lauched on April 25 I powered through the entire game in one sitting and I'm not gonna lie, I didn't really enjoy it. The biggest issue when I first played it was that the game felt way too frustrating and the story was far too opaque and ambiguous for me to follow. In the end I walked away from that 6-hour playthrough feeling completely zoned out, unable to think straight as my mind had been blunted by observing the same kill animation more times than I can count on my hands and feet. Along with that, since the story was harder to understand, I couldn't find myself liking any of the characters like I did with the first game. Even with my evolved view on the game, I still believe these characters are lackluster by Red Barrels standards. This is the development team that gave us characters like Dr. Richard Tragar, Eddie Gluskin, Chris Walker and of course, the Walrider.Despite my rather lackluster first impressions of the game I was still curious about the story it had to tell. So I did the obvious thing and went on the internet to do some good ol' research. What I discovered after quite a bit of digging and interpretting, was a story that I actually came to really repsect. I don't want to explain my findings here since it would make this already lengthy review even longer. However, if you do wish for me to explain my take on the story feel free to leave a comment or invite me to a discussion and I will happily explain it to you with reading glasses and coffee in-hand.But what about the gameplay? How did the gameplay itself grow on me? Well, after going through the game quite a number of times (as you can see by my hours played) I came to the conclusion that many of the things that killed me were because of recklessness and not paying attention to where I was going. Yes, I am aware that's is my opinion, but every game review is an opinion when you really think about it. However, there are still a few sections of the game that are frusterating due to poor design. In one section you are forced to hide in a locker while being chased by a monster so you can escape a specific area. The problem is that you see a girl run into the locker that you are supposed to hide in. Since it isn't exactly logical to try and hide in a locker someone else ran into, combined with the notion that the game doesn't provide any indication that it will save you from the monstrosity behind you, and you end up with many digits added to your death count (hyperbole of course). Other than that and a couple other scenes, the game gives some decent sign posting in the form of light, and as long as you play the game with the knowledge that you must ""follow the light"" (an interesting concept considering the games' themes) than you should be all good. I also really enjoyed the added mechanics to Blakes' (main character) move set. Blake seems far more agile compared to Miles and Waylon from the first game. One thing I noticed was that Blake will actually slow down or speed up depending on the environment. For example, if terrain has quite a bit of rocks or is moving upwards, Blake is gonna slow down. If the terrain is moving downhill or is generally flat, than Blake is gonna speed up. It's a neat little detail in the programming department that just makes the chase sequences even more thrilling. Compared to the first game where Miles and Waylon seemed to just move at one pre-determined speed. This game has also been largely criticized for its' chase sequences, with some people even calling the game a ""chase simulator"". Personally, while I feel that some chases feel tacked on, many of them are genuinely thrilling even after you have gone through them many times like I have. I find the ""chase simulator"" argument a lazy one because it doesn't take into consideration the possible appeal of being chased. To me, being chased in this game feels similar to when I would play tag on the playground as a young boy. You can here the person behind you, and you know that they're gaining on you, and as a result your heart starts to pound and your adrenaline kicks in, and it feels bloody fantastic. Especially when you take into account some of the absolutely horrible things that can happen to you in this game, whether during gameplay or in a cutscene (I felt this way even on my first playthrough). Before any of you start commenting I just want to make you aware that I understand why some people don't like the more chase-focused gameplay, as to some it could get repetetive and it may not provide that adrenaline rush it gives me, and I'm not saying that these arguments aren't valid, I just don't agree with them. As for the stealth sections, when this game was first released, I swear the stealth was completely busted. I was forced to run through many of them because it just didn't work (it was my main frusteration on my first playthrough). However, the game has since recieved a difficulty patch which (in my opinion) makes the stealth sections MUCH better. I can actually hide from enemies effectively now, and it feels great to be able to do so since it actually provides a better sense of tension compared to my first playthrough.Overall, Outlast 2 is a game I have found myself enjoying more and more as I replay it. I replayed so much that I was actually able to beat it on insane difficulty, with the developers even congragulating me for doing so.https://twitter.com/TheRedBarrels/status/884454088804638721However, I still feel that the previous game and its' DLC are better experiences. I think they nail the atmosphere and tension just a little better than this one. Despite that, I still think this game is worth your time, just wait until it goes on sale (assuming you can handle horror in the first place).FINAL VERDICT: 7/10Closing statement: Suffers from some frusterating sections and weaker characters compared to the first game. Story is interesting but could be alienating do to its' more ""artsy"" approach of storytelling. Has great tension-filled stealth sections, and chase sequences that provide exceptional adrenaline.Rating system overview:1 - One of the worst games I have ever played2 - A Taco Bell restroom at lunch time3 - Stinky trash4 - Bad5 - Mediocre (didn't think it was bad or good)6 - Decent (average)7 - Pleasuring experience8 - A tasty dish9 - Delightfully and exceptionally euphoric10 - One of the best games I have ever played"
76561198101838898,Recommended,414700,31418981,Posted: 28 April,all,Rilgar55,"If you liked the previous one you are going to love outlast 2. This time you are in the middle of a war between a group of religious fanatics and a coven of witches, looking for your wife while you try to stay alive in a huge desolated town full of death and madness."
,Recommended,414700,34728711,Posted: 3 September,all,Ares5933,"This game is less of a horror game and reminds me of super meat boy in the sense that you have to do some things in a certain exact order or you dont progress. Theres some voice dialog thats just straight up taken from outlast I, which is pretty lazy, the story isnt nearly as intresting as the first game and as far as i can tell the game has nothing to do with the first game in any way. the healing mechanic isnt really useful and i dont see why they bothered to add it at all. There is some good to the game though, the atmosphere is definately creepy and i'll say this, its easy to make an insane asylum spooky but its a lot harder to create a scene from the ground up to be creepy like they did in Outlast II. overall i would say this game is a 6.5/10 as far as horror games go, its not great but its not terrible"
,Recommended,414700,34686643,Posted: 2 September,all,LeDucky,"Much  like the first game the atmosphere and gameplay is okay, the story is sufficiently interesting and spooky. But like some people have said there is just constant chase scenes and you die a lot since there is usually only one route you can take to escape, there's not much to explore since it's all pretty linear. Also unlike in the previous game you now have to use the camera flashlight basically all the time, since even the lit areas are too dark to see anything."
,Recommended,414700,34719765,Posted: 3 September,all,Waluigi,"I spent 30 dollars for the game, waited 2 hours for it to install, i play the game to realize it lagged every second and made it unplayable, anyway to fix this?"
76561198219812723,Recommended,414700,34806148,Posted: 7 September,all,Jhonny Vinz,♥♥♥♥in Awesome
76561198062483455,Recommended,414700,34845876,Posted: 9 September,all,[82DK]Bagelsworth,"While it doesn't feel as intense or crazy as the first game, Outlast 2 has a very intriguing - albeit confusing - story. The places you explore are also quite cool, and if you get a break from being chased, you can appreciate the beauty around you quite easily - despite what some reviewers say.The enemies do NOT always know where you are, though they are a bit smarter than the ones in the first game and will check hiding places at times. I never had a problem with this, though. I only got caught in a barrel once because the guy had a flashlight.My only real gripe with the game is the shortness of it. I want more. SO much more. I also didn't really understand the story too much, but that's okay because I got the basics at least. People complain that all you do is run, hide, and find collectibles, but that's part of what made the first game so great.There is no replayability factor, though, I think - unless you want to spend more time trying to find every collectible there is - which really has no real effect on the game in the end. Good for another play months from now to refresh yourself of the story, perhaps."
,Recommended,414700,34884271,Posted: 11 September,all,BladeBro75,i didnt like the game personaly cuz im a ♥♥♥♥♥ but i think it would be a great game for brave people
76561198023959796,Recommended,414700,35359740,Posted: 30 September,all,skkumpar,Truly terrifying... Loved this game!
76561198125589481,Recommended,414700,35384361,Posted: 1 October,all,TheBonerBoy,Spooky
,Recommended,414700,35260711,Posted: 28 September,all,Kerbz,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥if this isn't one of the best horror games I've played, This game made me tremble. Although Outlast 1 will still remain the best I've played this game does live up to it's promises"
,Recommended,414700,33288298,Posted: 5 July,all,CaptainBucket,Pᴏsɪᴛɪᴠᴇ Pᴏɪɴᴛs- Graphics.- Voice Acting.- Sound.- Music.- Optimization.- Atmosphere.- Torture Scenes.- School Levels.Nᴇᴜᴛʀᴀʟ Pᴏɪɴᴛs- Mediocre Artificial Intelligence.- Passable and Predictable Story. Very Confusing.- Lots of Chase Scenes.Nᴇɢᴀᴛɪᴠᴇ Pᴏɪɴᴛs- Trial and Error.- Repetitive Gameplay.- Frustrating.- Incredibly Dark. Night Vision Abuse.Sᴄᴏʀᴇ 6.7 - OᴋᴀʏRᴇᴄᴏᴍᴍᴇɴᴅᴇᴅ Pʀɪᴄᴇ: 15.00$
,Recommended,414700,35476827,Posted: 4 October,all,Noslip,I still waiting for outlast 2 DLC or Outlast 3Story 8/10Gameplay 8/10Jumpscare 7/10Graphic 9/10
,Recommended,414700,35460771,Posted: 3 October,all,Atsuki,Scared
76561198060677710,Recommended,414700,35479843,Posted: 4 October,all,barkujman0,scary
