user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,414740,35311738,Posted: 29 September,all,Connoo,"Oh, RAID: WWII. When you were announced, I was instantly on your hype train. I basically worshipped any bit of information Lion Game Lion released about you. I was riding first class on said ""hype train.""My mistake!RAID: WWII was a game I was very excited for, and very let down by. The idea was good! ""Become the allied force's secret, ""Off the books"" black ops, causing mayhem and destruction behind enemy lines, all the while stealing and pocketing Nazi gold!"" Sounds fun, right? Wrong. The game is a complete reskin of PAYDAY 2, (A much better game.) Theres almost no new ideas, and not a whole lot of content. The gunplay itself is rough, with the hitboxes being even worse. The graphics are AMAZING-LY BAD for a 2017 release, and its just simply: Not fun. If you're a fan of WWII, you wont find anything really WWII-ish about this game. Sure, it LOOKS like its from the 1940s, but it doesent feel like it. If you like this game, I really do envy you. I wish I could like it. But the fact of the matter is I don't. I have requested a refund, and do ever so hope I receive my money back. Hopefully this game will improve much later on in its life, but as it stands now? This game is mediocre at best. Worth-A-Buy? Absolutly not."
,Not Recommended,414740,35319889,Posted: 29 September,all,spybaz,"Disappointing.Played the beta and liked the idea but it didn't improve from the beta.I absolutely expected the draw distance to improve but no, after a 100 yds everything is a low-res, blurry mess. Not good enough in 2017.The upgrades in-game are too slow so it's a bit of a grind, and I mean grind, you just kill hordes over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over. I hate zombie games but this might as well be one. Zombies in WW2 uniforms. There is no authentic, immersive WW2 feel about the game whatsoever.The game is shallow and repetitive. It's like a mini game, not a full game - not worth the asking price by any stretch. Unfortunately I played for longer than 2 hrs, in the hope of finding something to grab me in the game, but it never happened so I can't return it.Repetitive, boring, bad graphics, no carrot, nothing to play for after playing thru all maps.Has great potential but either was released too early for a money grab or the devs are just not imaginitive enough to make the gameplay mmore interesting."
,Not Recommended,414740,35228334,Posted: 26 September,all,Wali,"In short words: Don’t buy it. If you want to do some heists stick with payday2.--I don’t normally blame a game for its graphics but this is just horrible. The graphics can be compared to gmod / left for dead 1 or payday 1. But sadly, this isn’t the only thing….I’ve played the intro and 2 levels. And the AI doesn’t react if you rush them and if they shoot you it’s just like the A-team scene. Bullets are flying everywhere except towards you. Beside that the AI has the habit to spawn next to you and that not just 1 dude but a room full of them.The AI barely reacts sometimes or spot you before you are in sight. (aka autoaiming♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥that still miss…)So, to keep it simple-AI spawning is really bad.-Models and textures are from 2011/2013 tbh… (even on max settings.)-AI doesn’t react to the player very well. Unless you shoot them then they shoot back with accuracy of a A-team member."
,Not Recommended,414740,35356011,Posted: 30 September,all,hallolween,At least Jacksepticeye doesn't voice act in it.4/10When making a game remember to not spend half of your 8 million dollar budget on John Cleese who shows up for a whole of 3 minutes.
76561198044259259,Not Recommended,414740,35358239,Posted: 30 September,all,White Dragon,"It's not another payday clone. If it was I wouldnt be able to run with gold lmao. It's not a bad game. It's not $40 wortth. 19.99 is the honest price for this game. It's an all around ""ok"" game."
,Not Recommended,414740,35229063,Posted: 26 September,all,Lamb,It's like Payday 2 but not good.
76561197982848469,Not Recommended,414740,35229135,Posted: 26 September,all,Kapteiten,"So, I managed a whole 24 minutes before I wanted to shoot myself more than I wanted to shoot the nazis.This is why.First off, the game did not start. After some help from the discussion group on steam I got it going after about a good 45 minutes of fiddling, but oh boy was this a mistake, I have not regretted getting a game to start as much as this in a long time.Now then, the obvious thing. The graphics looks like they are 15 years out of date, and that is just not any good, the camera angle is locked straight in the middle of the chest, so much in fact that if you play with a buddy and go real close in for a look at him you can actually see the underside of his chin above you.The Ai seems to be really dumb, running in a straight line in formation seems to be their favorite thing to do.When me and a friend started a mission we were put straight in the line of fire without as much as an introduction, there was random sacred relics, coin collections and jeweled bibles just laying around on a scaffolding for no reason, its fine we thought.Crates of ammo, medical supplies and grenades littered the place and almost all of them was locked. Luckily there is a very dull lockpicking mechanism in the game that makes picking the lock feel like a chore from the very beginning.So me and my friend we were fighting off these nazis and thought to ourself this simple question: Is this any fun at all?No was the obvious answer.So, I would not reccomend this game to anyone unless you have the power to time travel back to 2003 where the game would fit right in. This game feels that old.That being said, I still loved john cleese in the little I saw of him. That man is a genious. Too bad the developer put a man worth gold up against a game worth gravel.Keep appearing in games john cleese, you are gold. This review is not for you."
,Not Recommended,414740,35228626,Posted: 26 September,all,Sir Cats Meow,"A glitchy mess of a game with terrible desync and very little help of whats going on.You aren't told whether a mission is stealth based or loud based from the get go.The entire game feels like it's just going ""Work it out as you go along"". Only it does so in a messy way.There are, currently, extremely few guns.The UI is, well, ugly if I'm honest, and they're charging FAR too much for the game.In my eyes... It shouldn't of been released yet, it's clear this game needed a longer time in the over to finish cooking.I'd avoid it for now, maybe it'll get fixed though and turn into a half decent game (No Man's Sky comes to mind.)"
,Not Recommended,414740,35236318,Posted: 26 September,all,Lawlsomedude,"Like Payday, but . . .I very badly want to recommend this game. I really do. But I can't ignore all the problems this game has. It's bad. Don't buy it.RAID: World War II has been built up as the spiritual successor to PAYDAY 2. On paper, this is a tall order. PAYDAY 2 is one of my favorite games of all time. I've unwittingly sunk hundreds of dollars and thousands of hours into it over the years. PAYDAY 2, as well as PAYDAY: The Heist, are the primary reasons I love co-op focused games to this day. When RAID was announced, I was almost certain it couldn't hold a candle to PAYDAY 2. But I bought it anyway. I strongly believe that co-op focused games as a genre are dying. Many games have co-op as a vestigial part thrown in last-minute. However, if co-op focused games prove to be profitable, we'll see more of them. So I bought RAID.Simply saying this game is bad doesn't do it justice, but there's so much wrong that it's much quicker to just say you shouldn't buy this. Mechanically speaking, it's solid enough. Granted, it plays very close to PAYDAY: The Heist, but RAID feels different at its core. Shooting, moving, aiming, completing objectives, joining lobbies, or anything else feels simply awkward. PAYDAY feels modern, quick, snappy, and impactful. RAID is none of those things. Practically everything in this game doesn't work and has been done better in other games.There's really only one thing I can recommend about this game, and that's the FMV clips. RAID proudly flaunts that actor John Cleese stars in it. While Cleeseisan absolute gem, he's not used nearly as much as he could have been. He gives you minor briefings before each new mission, and a small motivational speech before the tutorial. Cleese is fun, but short lived. However, the other FMV clips are amazing. I mean it. Even if you look them up online, you need to see them. After you complete a mission, you're treated to a short clip of someone dressed up as Hitler completely overreacting to what you did. I cannot describe how hilarious each of the clips are. There are plenty so that you almost always get a different clip every time. Every single clip make me laugh. They have to be seen to be believed.Hilarious FMV aside, there's nothing to RAID. Each and every gameplay mechanic has been done so much better in PAYDAY 2. Hell, even PAYDAY: The Heist is better."
76561198033821991,Not Recommended,414740,35360106,Posted: 30 September,all,⅔O2,"ConsI can only describe the graphics as the first time you witness your Nan pull out her false teeth from her mouth, it's terrifying to behold and it doesn't help the situation when she tries to give you something sweet for you to shut up about it.I can't reccomend the game in its current state because getting shivved where the sun dont shine, from a man whom is waist deep in the ground is disturbing to say the least. In that instance I thought it was best that he put me out of my misery, with yet another shank to my privates while I give him the good old retaliation of blind firing whilst under the effects of shellshock and blood loss. I was surprised to realise that my team mates were far off in the distance and having a bonfire with a german they weren't even on a first name basis with and used an awfully large lighter.ProsIf your preferred character is taken the outfit you were wearing for them will be put upon your assigned character because looking spiffy whilst covered in a team mates blood who passed their clothes down to you is an alright thing to do back then... I assume.End game clips with Adolf Hitler and his assistant are enjoyable to watch as it gives you a further sense of accomplishment should you succeed in your mission; should you choose to accept it*chuckling*. Should you fail a mission, the clips are still funny and they break the disappointment of failure. I enjoyed Hitler's celebratory antics soo much, that I failed a number of times just to see his assistant be dumbfounded by a jolly good slap on the posterior.ConclusionRAID World War ll has a lot of potential, once this bumpy road is at an end and quality over quantity becomes a priority, we will see a whole new game.If you are interested in the game, wait for it to go on special. But if you cannot wait and for some reason really want the game ask yourself this.Will you get the enjoyment out of the game for its' price?"
,Recommended,414740,35267928,Posted: 28 September,all,Squids have curves,"This game is like that friend from your childhood, fairly ugly and awkward to look at but once you stop focusing on his face you actually have a ton of fun hanging around with him."
,Not Recommended,414740,35299794,Posted: 29 September,all,Friggin Trooper,Starbreeze should hire someone who knows optimizing...
,Not Recommended,414740,35229227,Posted: 26 September,all,Cookie,"If I had to name the game I'd call it ""stereotypical nationalistic soldier with peashooter vs nazis"" This game is actually a joke. It's a payday 2 DLC with less guns,which sound like peashooters and are incredibly underwhelming. It has minimal customisation. The missions were a heavy downgrade from payday 2 with no complexity to them.I'm just really disappointed with it.I'm sorry Papa John Cleese but even you can't save this game <3"
76561198006672777,Not Recommended,414740,35307315,Posted: 29 September,all,CaptainThule117,I found the game to be boring and repetitive. I uninstalled it and got a refund. I liked Payday 2 better.Lack on weapon optionsLack of custom character optionsLevel up options are dullEvery mission leads a point where Germans run at out like a bunch of antsThe controls feel stillHitboxes are off
,Not Recommended,414740,35240142,Posted: 27 September,all,snow,"In its current state at an asking price of $40 USD I dont recommend it, I really wanted to like this game but it seems very shallow. Id buy it at $20 max."
,Not Recommended,414740,35286287,Posted: 29 September,all,Crim,"It's.... Eeeeeeeeeh?..Maybeeee give it some time?It's like a muddy roll of lumpy putty that could be moulded into something cool. Hopefully.Edit:Bloody hell been thinking it over again it's hard to rate this thing.Maybe not that bad, it's definitely got some high points. Sort of. Watch some videos and you'll know if you want this or not. At its current price point though.."
,Not Recommended,414740,35402754,Posted: 1 October,all,Scotland's Worst,"I really want to enjoy this game but at it's current state, I just can't pull myself through with the current build of the game.ProsNew and Enjoyable charactersHitler end-screensLots of ReplayabilityWeapon assignmentsCARD Challenge system; Makes the game easier or harderUnique class system with its own specialtyConsStealth in general;killing one enemy apparently triggers the entire map and no silenced weapons, forcing you to get up close and personal making some areas completely impossible if there are two or more enemies near each other.Enemy AI:Bullet sponges that run through the walls in large numbers. They also have a violent tendency to spawn swarms right around the corner or right in front of you if you are quick enough.Lack of active playersDisappointing XP System:""Just finished that one mission that took you about an entire hour to complete with you and your teammates going down at least a dozen times? Here, have the least amount of XP we can offer you for your troubles."" Besides the satire, the levelling up system feels really slow and the grind to rank up can take hours if you are a level 30-40.De-sync:Feels worse than PAYDAY 2 before they fixed it.Same engine as PAYDAY 2:Now this is an extremely debatable topic if graphics really do matter in the long run but sometimes you can start to see that the game engine is slowly beginning to show it's age and sometimes it might kick you in the head if you have an older PC.Lack of Weapons:Sure it's WW2 and there weren't alot of ""State of the art"" weapons at it's time but the weapon selection feels slightly underwhelming as there's only 15-20 weapons currently the player can use, including pistols.In the end, it's better to get this game when it's on sale as $35-40 is pretty overpriced for a simple game like this. Get PAYDAY 2 instead as it offers more content and variety.(6/10)"
,Not Recommended,414740,35228823,Posted: 26 September,all, Etǝrnᴉty ,"The List of things this game does bad right now is too long, and i dont really want to go into detail too much, just look at the general opinion about this game.The Graphics are BAD even for a Diesel Engine GameThe Optimization is bad.BLUR ♥♥♥♥ING EVERYWHERE! When you aim you cant see further than like 5 m.And so on. Not worth buying right now, better wait for a few updates, i hope they will turn it for the better. (game just got released, 1.4k players on pc. Thats pretty bad!)"
,Not Recommended,414740,35229321,Posted: 26 September,all,Deantribe,"I played this game briefly before asking for a refund immediately.Pros:The game has heists like the payday games.Cons:Maximum settings for graphics etc and the game looks like it was made from dodgy assets from the Unity store.AI may as well be playdough that stuff dies immedaitely and either decide to mistake you as a friendly or just run straight towards you. I dont think i got shot once and i just watched.Unresponsive to inputs, for some reason no matter what sensitivity you play at your mouse is going to barely move. Takes at least three seconds before the game realises you have pressed the space bar.Like a dumbed down ripoff of Payday. Though thats an offence to Payday.This is some next level Btec game.1/10 Would rather be burnt alive."
,Recommended,414740,35255169,Posted: 27 September,all,Dylan,"All in all, it's somewhat like PD2 and PDTH had a child that kinda went off on their own to be different. There's a ton of improvements here and there (being able to equip your melee, much more engaging and well, skill-based lockpicking, enemies that aren't quite as braindead as the ones in PD2 etc), if play this game expecting something along the lines of a AAA take on payday 2 set in WW2, you'll be disappointed.That being said, the game is essentially like payday 2 but it plays differently in a few ways (IMO more-so on the lines of PDTH, can be good/bad), as a whole if you enjoy payday 2 and/or payday the heist, you will enjoy this game a lot. Gunplay feels akin to payday 2's gunplay rather than PDTH (which IMO is a good thing - PDTH's gunplay felt.... light? more-so weightless), all in all I recommend this game to anyone that has in the past played PD2/PDTH or anyone who knows what to expect. You have to remember, this is a studio that has literally existed for like 2 years and whilst yes, they work closely with overkill, it doesn't necessarily mean they 'are' overkill. They're a small studio and this is their first ever game made as that studio, you can't expect AAA-tier graphics or, anything else AAA-tier really.Regardless, a few negatives to take into mind.Enemy skins are quite lacking, not in the literal manner of how they look but there's not all that many enemy skins, and since they're all unmasked it's a little weird seeing the same face countless times in one single raid.Optimization. This is something I knew would be an issue since well, Diesel engine (before someone points out something like 'lol diesel engine in 2017', again, they're a new studio and this is their first game as that studio. Making a game on a new engine would be virtually suicide), all in all it's 'okay', better than I expected honestly but it needs work without a doubt.Weapons. I feel like there needs to be more of them and IMO there needs to be more upgrades. Some weapons have very few upgrades and as a whole it makes it feel linear, the selection of weapons on launch is pretty good but I feel it could do with for instance a couple more bolt-action rifles, a couple more weapons akin to the M1 Garand etc, just more variety. Another thing, some weapon sounds are very dull, they just don't sound 'beefy' enough though I figure this'll be something that'll change at some point since quite a lot of people seem to share the same opinion.Aside from that, there's a ton of positives compared to payday 2, the fact weapons and skills and even weapon unlocks are class-bound makes it like what I imagine overkill intended payday 2 to be like (rather than everyone running meta, using effectively the same builds), weapon unlocks are based per-class (e.g. assault unlocks rifles faster, recon(?) unlocks bolt-action snipers faster etc) which I thought was a nifty little change. Furthermore the things I mentioned prior, how you equip grenades instead of just throwing them (allowing quick spamming of grenades, avoiding the 'oh♥♥♥♥♥♥ moment when you accidentally throw a nade in stealth etc) and lockpicking is IMO one of the best changes. PD2's lockpicking was just so bland, no matter how good you were you quite literally couldn't make lockpicking any faster, it takes something that was incredibly bland and made it well, engaging. Levels visually IMO look much nicer than PD2's maps but this may just be bias speaking since I've spent a ♥♥♥♥load of time looking at the same maps.TL;DR: It's like PD2 and PDTH had a child that veered off in it's own path with a lot of changes here and there that make it better than both games in different aspecs. If you like PD2/PDTH, you'll like this game."
76561198044186262,Not Recommended,414740,35367623,Posted: 1 October,all,Scavger,"In a nutshell, I'm disappointed. I played the beta thinking of improvements to the AI, loot system and the glitchy feel that makes this game horrific to play from my own crappy PC compared to the smoothness I get from Payday 2 get fixed, but no.I like the idea of long missions, grabable loot and collectables but that quickly gets undermined. The constant area revisits for other raids makes them feel less unique and bland. I know the area, but going to it more then once on mutliple raids takes away what it originally meaned to you when you first played it. The gold loot grabs are fine to me, since gold means little to nothing since you have to grind your weapons, skills and loot drops with most of them feeling less rewarding than they should be.Dog tags are a nice reward for finding them for the team, but not to one person finding them all as they loss out on the ""player of the game rewards"" while everyone else benefits far more by focusing on killing then even doing the main raid itself. My effort for searching is useless and exp as a reward makes me feel insulted.There is a system, but there is no reward. I want to feel rewarded. That my hours are spent getting better and improving my own character, but everything seems so tacted on to needing gold as the main drive of the system.  Exp and lvls feel lacking since your class gates you to a few select skills that give tiny boosts that at times seem less noticable. While in Payday 2 money, coins and exp are seprate but are in earnest amounts to grind properly with the verity to make it worth it.In short, the game's system of progress has too much of a grinding formula that rewards are little with gameplay that starts becoming repeatative and functions worse than games that are older but with the same graphics and engine. This game feels unfinished, even overlooking the major issues then the smaller ones such as poor AI, unrealised stealth and crawling load times. It needed beta for another 2 months if this was the final result given to us who paid in good faith.Buy later, not in this current build."
,Not Recommended,414740,35230864,Posted: 26 September,all,PhrostyBacon,"I cannot recommend RAID: World War II.Let me begin by saying, I am a massive Payday 2 fan. In fact, I received a C- in my genetics course in my undergrad because of Payday 2. I just couldn't pull myself away. I do not feel the same way about this.The gameplay is almost devoid of meaningful teamwork. The textures and general graphical fidelity seems to be on par with a bad Medal of Honor: Rising Sun remake. The gameplay focuses mostly on shooting, and the shooting is pretty poor. Essentially, the only thing I can compliment about this game is the lockpicking, and even that is just an okay solution that is outdone in every way by the hacking system in warframe.Don't buy this. I regret it strongly. It's a horrible experience."
,Not Recommended,414740,35425433,Posted: 2 October,all,Helfari,"I place my recommendation as a hesitant ""no"" for this game. Allow me to explain.If you don't play with your friends, you shall be consistently frustrated as you are sent back to the main menu every time a host gets kick-happy and wants to speedrun every level for his 20th hour of grindfesting. You are sent back to the main menu EVERY time you disconnect for ANY reason. Pay Day 2 had a pretty decent and quickly-loaded menu system, you weren't forced to load your safe house (camp in this game) every time you wanted to just browse servers and missions. Prepare to see a lot of loading screens, to see a lot of disconnects as the host might kick you for being a mere three seconds too slow to reach the objective point. Remember, it's all about speedruns!The game is a slog at the moment. Levelling does not feel rewarding, it feels like a job. I already have a job, my video games should not feel like a job. Developers, get this through your head. Pay Day 2 was fun because the ease of picking it up and being able to have fun with it. This isn't fun, this feels like work.Enemies come in three flavors. They die rather reasonably on ""easy"" and ""normal"" difficulties. Then you dare to flip the switch to ""Hard"" or ""Very Hard"" and end up drowning in the torrent of kraut stormtroopers suddenly chewing down your health bar like a fat kid scarfing down a twinkie. What's that? You want MORE Nazis to shoot? Lets take the spawn-system's lever and break it off on the 'Hitler Clone Factory' setting. The density of a single mob of enemies was so thick that I stopped aiming with my weapons due to the suddenly target rich environment every level turns into. Iron sights? Why bother when you can literally LITERALLY close your eyes and shoot towards the guys softly shouting confused German at you.Oh. Speaking of a grind. Lets pull out those exotic Malaysian Pink Salt grinders. Gold. This game is all about stealing GOLD. So you bust a train full of it. You steal eight to ten crates of gold, easily each one holding ten bars. That's a good pay for the crew, isn't it? Surprise! You don't get to keep it. You just get a ""that a boy!"" in the form of slightly increased XP on the already abysmal XP system that slows down more and more the higher level you reach. You managed to rob every crate of gold from the Nazi Treasury? Awesome! None of the OVER ONE-HUNDRED STACKS OF GOLD, not even a single bar is EVER, EVER seen again.This game doesn't reward you. It doesn't feel like you succeeded in anything beyond shooting Nazis for a transitory and fleeting moment of nostalgia of games long gone. It literally feels as frustrating and unrewarding as a low-paying job. Only you don't get paid.On a final note, I swear to whatever Cthulhu-grade dark gods that if the developers DARE to add in a damned micro-transaction system to this game. Or shell out five-dollar DLCs for tiny improvemets to the already lackluster armory the game provides. I will go on an active campaign to decry this game as a terrible cash-grab on peoples' nostalgia for a WWII shooter.There are no real pros to this game that any other game can already provide. ""Playing with friends!"" Yeah, I can do that on Pay Day 2 already, and at least when I decide to hop on random games in Pay Day 2 I don't have to slog through infinitely long loading screens. Sure, this game is fun with friends. But what game isn't?I won't praise this piece of garbage as it is for being mediocre. There is so much potential here that it's like watching a fat person scarf down twinkies all day while claiming they're trying. Put down the twinkies, roll up your sleeves, and make this game awesome. Not a fat-clogged arterial disaster it is at the moment.I pre-ordered this, by the way. Yes, I pre-ordered this steaming heap of poorly put together crap."
,Not Recommended,414740,35300171,Posted: 29 September,all,Kroot,"The ""censorship"" of the German edition of this games has to be the laziest and most obnoxious censorship I have ever seen. I get that the German law of censoring Nazi-symbols can be annoying as a game-developer, as it means more work and is generally a thankless task, but there have been many examples in the past of how to do it properly. The censorship that the developers of this game chose - namely bleeping out every word associated with National Socialism, swapping out the Swastikas with uninspired and lazy symbols and even censoring the swear words - is downright patronizing and offensive. If you can't be bothered to produce a proper adaption for the German market, please don't do one at all instead of trying to shoe horn in a poor and inappropriate attempt of comedy at the players cost."
76561198013241407,Recommended,414740,35269356,Posted: 28 September,all,Colelyoe2,"RAID World War II, is a different experience to say the least. It uses a dated game engie but I will say that I put more trust in LGL in using an engie they are familar with than a new one that they have no experience with, they have potential to bring the best of what they got. And the result is something I wasn't expecting, great map design, a nice class system that supports replayablility, and fun mechanics I haven't seen with their other works like hiding in a ditch to ambush your objective after you set up the trap. The variety of Raids, Operations, and Outlaw raids has you doing a lot for your time, not to mention rewards you for exploring the maps finding loot and dogtags to get better rewards. But the game is filled with bugs that need squishing. Thankfully LGL are aware of this and acts fast so problems go away. It's not perfect but this is a genuine fun experience best played with friends to get the most out of it, as a co-op game should. I hope for nothing but good things for this game."
,Not Recommended,414740,35382890,Posted: 1 October,all,GamebreakaDroid,"This is not a bad game but I can't recommend it for these reasons:1. Grindfest. You're basically suffering on most raids and when you get to the level 20s+ it doesn't even make a dent on XP.2. Disconnections.3. Crashes4. Too difficult, especially starting out.I feel like this game is very similar to Payday2 but they missed out on the things Payday 2 did well like being able to switch between builds. This game you basically have to grind to get all four classes because your progress doesn't carry over. Payday you also had better experience."
,Recommended,414740,35268778,Posted: 28 September,all,OH YEAH DADDY,"Very fun game about killing Nazis, stealing Polish national treasures back from them and claiming as your own.Oh, and you get to kill members of the death squad!"
,Recommended,414740,35232134,Posted: 26 September,all,Matthew2846,"7/10 - TL;DR - If you're a payday 2 vet looking for DLC (or something to fill the void payday 2 left when you got bored), this is probably worth it while on sale (for about £25); providing it's regularly updated.PROS:- From someone who doesnt really care about graphics as long as they aren't unbearable, this game gets a pass.- Optimised well from my experience with a mid to low end PC- We weren't promised Payday 3, so idk why people are acting like this is some huge let down. This is more like an expansive  yet large set of DLC for payday 2.- The combat and missions are actually pretty interesting so far.-The weapons in general aren't too bad. The sounds, animations and models are satisfying.CONS:- There are some changes that should be implemented for weapons; although it's set in the 40s the customisation is still lacking and more variety wouldn't harm anyone.- The class/perk system is a mess, you shouldnt have to reach max rank four times (on four different characters) to experience everything on offer.- The UI is quite muddled.- The base is quite disappointing as a feature; the way you customise your character and start missions should have remained in-menu like it was in Payday 2.- As others have pointed out, there isn't a clear distinction between stealth and loud approaches yet.OVERALL:- This is from someone with a few hundred hours in Payday 2, infamy 11.- This is a positive review as I've enjoyed my 95 minutes so far.- Some of these criticisms in the steam reviews seem unjust but the game is definitely far from perfect; a lot of people seem to just be jumping on a hate band wagon.- If this game is developed as Payday 2 was - with regular updates and the players in mind - this game will be good in sixth months. They should've just had a later release date whilst keeping us posted.- I'm going to reconsider this after getting everything I can done in the 25 minutes I have left within the next two weeks. If the devs seem proactive about it I'll probably play on - look how far payday 2 has come over the last few years."
76561198014050970,Not Recommended,414740,35310523,Posted: 29 September,all,Taco,"Great theme & characters, mediocre gameplay, dated graphics & pointless progression system.Was fun for a couple of hours, but payday 2 has so much more & is so similar that you might as well get it instead.It seems like this game's design was hurt quite a bit by trying too hard to be like payday 2, whilst also decreasing variety & gating content behind a grindwall, which doesn't mesh with the repetative design of payday 2."
76561198052862841,Not Recommended,414740,35229180,Posted: 26 September,all,Nex,"i bought this game cos i love payday thinking it would be similar, but it was just dead. the graphics were terrible even on the max settings, the ai was absolute crap and barely even worked, and it just felt so bad to play and i didnt get the same thrill of seeing my millions eneter my bank account that payday 2 gave me."
,Not Recommended,414740,35240684,Posted: 27 September,all,potus,"Tl;dr people, this is not a review for you. This review is up-to-date as of 27/9/2017RAID: World War II is a first-person strategy game published by Starbreeze Studios who are well known for the Payday series. The game itself is simply about four WW2 spies who bond together to weaken Hitler's power during World War II. This game is ideal only for people who've never played Payday 2, because the game has a lot of obvious similarities to its ""modern day counterpart"".[GAMEPLAY]When I played the 2-week beta of this game, I felt that the game itself was an enjoyable experience for a while (I even preordered the special edition because of the free Payday 2 microtransactions) until the missions became repetitive and boring. The gore in the game did however create some satisfying SS Officer deaths and moments.It sort of goes the same for the full version where the good side is that Lion Game Lion (LGL) added plenty of more diverse missions in the game which helped eliminate repetitive gameplay temporarily and this is the part when it gets a bit tedious; the levelling system is very long and the unlockables (such as weapons, upgrades, etc) are on levels that are too high and once you've completed all the missions in the game that exist currently, you're stuck with the same objectives and missions and it defeats the fun.How Payday 2 beats this game when it comes to avoiding repetitive gameplay is that they make you play the same old missions, BUT on random difficulties and better rewards the higher the difficulty PLUS, the difficulty is only based on enemy density and not particularly stats. RAID however does give you a choice based on what makes you comfortable but eventually, you're just going to grow tired of the same mission.I'm sounding a little bit harsh here but a few good things I've found about the game is that it brings the game style of Payday into the battles of World War II, making it a good combination when it comes to the first person genre. Another thing I did find good in a way is that the skill system is more simple than Payday 2's and fact that the player has to choose wisely on which skills to apply, allows them to play RAID their way. Yet another good side of the game's mechanics is that you're able to pick a class while still being able to pick which character you like to play (Let's say, you want to have the Assault class but you still want to play as the German guy, and there you have it; your wishes are still not broken) which tackled many of the flaws of character customization.Since this game is currently mediocre, I still need to go back to talking about the main flaws of this game. Although stealth isn't my primary cup of tea, I still like to be able to hide from enemies and complete tasks without a single notice, but in RAID: World War II, the stealth is really vague because the SS Officers have too much health for a knife and simply just ""stealth-killing"" them will just make them survive and blow your cover, making Payday 2 stealth beat RAID's take. There is even no silencer mods for any of the guns in the game, making it much more tedious to a good stealth game like Metal Gear Solid. Starbreeze, I wish at some point that you guys can implement silencers and increase the damage of melee weapons.Another thing that defeats the game's purpose is that the developers basically removed a few minor features from Payday 2 and didn't implement them into this game. For example: in PD2, you can throw bags onto bots' backs to save you time but in this game it's removed, creating more repetition and time wastage. These lack of adapted features from PD2 make the game look like an early beta for PD2, since the developers were most likely in a desparate need to distinguish this game from their ""modern day"" counterpart.Overall, the gameplay needs a much bigger overhaul in the near future so I'm going to give the gameplay concept:5/10[STORY]RAID: World War II is a game with a generic WWII plot; Hitler is winning, weaken his power. You get a good portrayal of ""Control"" as portrayed by the legendary John Cleese who is basically the ""Bain"" of this game. The cutscenes after a game where the actor who plays Hitler either boasts or outbursts whenever the player loses or wins gives the story a good satirical take on the war with its slapstick and humour. Overall, the plot itself is generic and there isn't really any important keys to the plot that you need to know since the game revolves more on gameplay rather than story.8/10[CHARACTERS]RAID: World War II follows four WWII heister; one Russian, one British, one American and one German. They all work for ""Control"" (as portrayed by John Cleese) to prevent Hitler from winning the war. I personally believe that these characters aren't so likeable unlike PD2 Heisters who do have charismatic personalities and hilarious quotes but in RAID, these characters are just copycats of the original PD heisters.6/10[VERDICT]Overall, the game itself is enjoyable for the first 10-20 hours of gameplay until it gets repetitive and tedious. I don't recommend this game at this point, but hopefully Starbreeze will improve the game with better mechanics and bug fixes.[PROS]+ Well executed satire in cutscenes+ Interesting idea of combining WWII with Payday+ Good and simple skill system+ Good performance by John Cleese+ Good gorey physics[CONS]+ Unlikeable characters+ Poorly concepted stealth+ Repetitive gameplay+ Didn't point out in long review, but some bugs+ Tedious level and XP systemOVERALL SCORE:6.25 / 10"
,Not Recommended,414740,35336231,Posted: 30 September,all,tykk luft kickback.com,"its a reallly repetetive game with only 10-15 maps which you get bored off pretty fast. if you are going stealth you only have a knife, and not a wellrod or something like that. there is very little guns in the game too, and the only time you get to see john cleese is in like 5 seconds"
76561198005532660,Not Recommended,414740,35229137,Posted: 26 September,all,artie,"The game is far too similar to Payday2 to have its own title. The graphics are a downgrade from Payday, the animations are sketchy and altogether buggy, and playing it was an overall bad experience. I would not reccomend for anyone to be playing this game at its current state, but even I would happily revisit it at a later stage - assuming the developers have stepped in and worked on the game properly.The gunplay is beyond abysmal with a pistol sounding like a bolt action rifle, but even then all the weapons sound like peashooters or airguns at best. Quite worrying for a game that is so based around WW2 weapons, which there are already very few of (10-15 weapons at most)The stealth is horrible, with knives only immediately killing opponents if they are struck in the back, which is incredibly buggy with the network lag and inherent desync from playing online as Payday2 was(is) also afflicted by.I cannot recommend this game in its current state, but I am hoping it will get updated and polished over time.It's a fantastic idea, but if I wanted to do (gold) heists I would pick Payday2 over RAID any day."
,Not Recommended,414740,35228610,Posted: 26 September,all,Doc hesselberg,it looks and feels horrible to play.
,Recommended,414740,35232140,Posted: 26 September,all,Styke,"Big spirit, low budget, just like how Payday 1 was on release.If you're a fan of Payday 1, Left 4 Dead, Killing Floor or Wolfenstein, this is basically what you've always wanted with the aged graphics to match. Personally, they don't bother me any and I enjoy having more maps and content without the ""six months to make a single map"" Unreal Engine 4 nonsense.If you're a fan of Payday 2, Call of Duty or Battlefield 1, you're going to hate this game and make fun of the graphics.When you start it up you'll see a lot of the cut / unfinished ideas in Payday 2, such as base building that matters and character talent trees. Gameplay is pretty much what Payday 2 tried to do, before it turned into a cheesefest with 300 dlc packs and dash-to-the-end gameplay. I'm enjoying the nostalgia of 1's cheesy attitude.""Why do people want to see games fail these days?"" Because it's free, unlike the game. It's Reality TV for the modern gamer."
,Not Recommended,414740,35366887,Posted: 30 September,all,Misku,"The game is the same as payday 2 was at launch, bugs, crashes, disconnects, leveling system is trash and a grind, best part its unrewarding for the time spent. e.g 2 million xp from 30-31, mission raids give 10k on very hard. not many weapons which is a maasive let down, no real rewards/mission rewards are utter trash.The player load in times seem longer and they still use the same farking system as payday2, makes you wait 2mins for players to join. AI are autistic and useless. there are a few missions that dont give out decent rewards. There is no skill tree just some 3 basic skill to choose from.DO NOT buy the game in this state for the price they ask. its a joke. You think they would of sorted this stuff from payday 2. fml"
76561198017167139,Recommended,414740,35230576,Posted: 26 September,all,Megumeru,"In a short and simple summary, Return to Castle Wolfenstein/Enemy Territory came home drunk one night and made sweet love with Payday 2, spawning RAID: World War II.::GAMEPLAY::The game shares a similar formula as its predecessors while changing a few things here and there to keep things fresh without alienating veteran heisters and made them feel right at home. The major difference to its predecessor is how the missions are laid out, often involving acts of sabotage or mayhem behind enemy lines akin to Wolfenstein and/or the classic Medal of Honor series  instead of daylight terrorism and robbery (although that exists too, along with a little nod to PAYDAY2's jewelery store heist).::MAPS::The starter raid maps has around 11 missions with 2 'secret' raids which can be unlocked, along with the more difficult and longer 'operations' which I assume is similar to those 2-3 day heists of its predecessors. Operations is where RAID shines with its execution, putting raiders in a 6-day raid across a select of single-day map which--despite sharing the similarity to the standard--forces raiders with an entirely different method of approach on the map (the door that you're supposed to blow up in 'Odin's Fall' when you failed the stealth, for example, is now barred shut and instead, you'll start from inside the tower's basement and fight your way to the top and escape).  It's a polish from Payday 2's 3-4 day heists and a welcomed change of pace.::GRAPHICS::Graphics are dated, more or less similar to Payday 2 in all aspects with small improvements on the lighting  and shading department here and there, thus the requirements for this game is more or less similar to PAYDAY 2--rest assured, your potato can run this.::LEVEL::Level design is what this game can champion against Payday 2, with a few of the levels noticably 2x larger than its predecessors (often requiring some mode of transport to move around) and has the unmistakable Enemy Territory-feel in some cases. Furthermore, enemy AI spawns a bit more aggressively than Payday 2 which made even normal a tad bit challenging for those unfamiliar with it.::CLASSES::Classes in RAID is made distinct primarily with its warcry ability and the skill tree (called proficiency), all of which are equally powerful when used correctly. Unlike Payday 2 (where you can just ♥♥♥♥all and spec on all classes), RAID places a greater emphasis on class specialization, making each member of a team a part of a small cog within the machine. At the moment, the 'assault' class is a favorite for many solo raiders for its ability to reduce bullet consumption and an instant heal that effects the team, but don't take the ability of other classes lightly. The Insurgent has increased 'dodge' chance (as high as 70%+ possible) for the team and literal wallhack +crit chance increase, the recon has a literal aimbot and weapon damage increase, while demolitions has bundled grenades which are perfect for anti-horde duty--all of these, when used correctly, are powerful enough to keep Hard-mode enemies at bay and your RAID team alive.::DIFFICULTY::This is where things may get a bit dicey. The dificulty spike from normal to hard is similar to PAYDAY 2's jump from Overkill to Deathwish. Leveling your character to around 15+, along with a mix of members each with different proficiency can literally be the life-and-death of your team. There is a tendency of having zero breaks from waves so long as enemy officers are left alive--pray that you or your team managed to deal with them first before you start counting and reserving bullets for each horde.That, and a prayer to RNGesus for a generous spawn. Last thing you want to see are two flamethrowers walking to you while being surrounded by officer teams and hordes. Offer the souls of plebbians if necessary.::WEAPONS AND UPGRADES::Weapon selection is to be expanded as stated by the devs through FREE content updates and reserve DLCs as large expansions akin to the golden age of the late 1990s and early 2000s (basically one huge update with b u t tload of maps/weapons/etc.), according to the devs. Take this with a grain of salt, for now. The base game, on the other hand, offers a small pool of weapons. Sadly, the upgrade system can be rather disappointing for most PAYDAY2 veterans (which I inclined to agree) and occassionally made the weapon little...funky, to describe it kindly (the BAR M1918 can be upgraded into the Colt Monitor, a rare FBI-variant of the auto-rifle). Thankfully, the funky look still allow the weapon to perform oddly better than its more familiar stock look--I still don't like the look of the Monitor for the stats upgrade, however that's just preference. Other weapon variants are mainly unlocked by leveling up specific characters capable of using that weapon, which may be a little infuriating if your lvl 1 new character does not have access to your fully-upgaded Tommy gun thanks to your lvl 40 character. This is mainly where I nick 1 points off.Would I recommend it? Definitely a yes. Now I can finally lay Payday 2 to rest--one that it definitely deserves. 7/10 points from me."
,Recommended,414740,35250462,Posted: 27 September,all,=PDTC= Rug 7.2 ✌,"Those of you comparing this game to Payday 2, Payday 2 was the exact unfinished buggy game on release. And like then I believed it had a ton of potential and I do also believe this for RAID: World War II as well, give the game a chance before you blindly insult it, it CAN be fun and IS fun."
,Not Recommended,414740,35363050,Posted: 30 September,all,DAHOOKMEISTER,Payday 2 Reskin
,Recommended,414740,35230195,Posted: 26 September,all,ZakAttack,"Great and fun game, i bought the special edition for around £37.49, and i dont regret, i play with my other friend and its great fun, possibly because i enjoyed payday 2 very much, the only critisizm i have is that the graphics are well, pretty outdated, but as the saying goes, graphics dont make a game enjoyable, its about the story etc, but the lower graphics is good for the people with lower end rigs, so atleast they have a chance to not miss out on an amazing game, well done guys, well done!!"
,Not Recommended,414740,35285067,Posted: 29 September,all,Promer,The Game of The no people 20171st Day after released....  Yea Not bad we can play this.(about 800 players when i saw)2nd Day after released...  Leveling is so annoying it just make me feels tied.(about 400 players when i saw)3rd Day after released...  No more people to play for 4 players(like 1 or 2 join and leave after finishing job to get EXP) + (about 200 players when i saw and i can't see any people playing on Asia)1 week after released...  RIP(I hope not)
,Recommended,414740,35232117,Posted: 26 September,all,Soggy Peach,"I'm giving this a postive recommendation mostly because I feel this game has been judged too rashly and a little too harshly. If you're looking for a Payday 3, this isn't it.The graphics feel outdated, the game lacks atmosphere and overall, i've yet to feel any sense of achievement for finishing a raid. The missions dont feel anywhere near as thought out as i'd have liked, many simply being a nazi slaughter with side objectives. Team work just doesn't seem needed in any meaningful way, my friend was just 'there'.For a proper heist game, i'd recommend sticking to Payday 2, but its relatively fun.Buy on sale only, and by sale I mean 75%+. A solid 5.5/10"
,Not Recommended,414740,35488644,Posted: 5 October,all,just Axiom,"https://youtu.be/oSMWWEPtOBQIn short: The game is painfully medicore and suffers from a wide variety of minor issues and just stupid game design flaws.  This is a budget title trying to sell for a near triple A price, and is worth maybe $10-15 tops.  Skip this title until it gets some patches, content updates or hell, don't get it at all and find something better to sink your hard earned cash into."
,Not Recommended,414740,35230869,Posted: 26 September,all,John Constantine,"I am absolutely in love with Payday. I thought that there was no possible way that this could be bad, but I was SUPER wrong. This feels like a pretty generic WW2 shooter. It is as if they just purposefully went through and removed all the stuff that made Payday 2 an excellent game. This is a very big dissapointment."
76561198071646968,Recommended,414740,35230726,Posted: 26 September,all,xceptionzero,Thought I would give it a whirl as a former payday 2 player.Pro: Its a chnage of scenery and was fun to play with a friend or 2Cons: graphics are from 5-6 years agoI would say buy the game at £15 no more.Once this gets polish and a graphics overhaul..it will be really good
,Recommended,414740,35226375,Posted: 26 September,all,EnforcerKiller,"After actually playing RAID for a few hours, can say I'm not dissapointed. The raids are fun,operations especially fun, game does have a few issues but most are probs caused by my♥♥♥♥♥♥PC, which is crashing. If I play with an Australian or American host, there's a 99% chance for me to crash. While playing the 6th level of Clear Skies operation, I crashed after the bombers arrived and they bombed the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of the flakturm. I guess my PC couldn't handle it.Overall, game is fun, less boring than PD2, that's for sure. I could care less about the graphics, mostly cause I'm used to those. Unless the graphics looked like actual♥♥♥♥♥♥ that is, and RAID doesn't fall into that category."
76561197966566326,Recommended,414740,35244329,Posted: 27 September,all,Kelp™,"This game is very fun to play in my opinion. One thing I was excited for was seeing what kind of German troops they would throw at us, and in missions, they throw quite a bit of different germans at you. The enemies use their real german military unit names, which to me is gibrish and can't remember for the life of my but that helps make the game feel like that world war 2 theme that we all love. In the base game, there are 12 weapons(13 if you count the golden M1 Garand you got if you preordered, however there is a regular m1 garand for those who did not preorder), and 5 melee weapons.  Some of the most notably cool weapons in my opinion are the BAR, 1911, Garand, STG 44, MP38, MG42 and the Sterling SMG and mauser. Guns in the beta were very weak but they gave all around stat buffs to all of them for the full game which is nice. You have about 11 raids, which after playing about half of them, are really fun. Alongside that are operations which are chained raids that create a story and after completing the entire operation(takes a bit), nab you a big bundle of rewards(Lots of xp and whatnot). Lastly they also have ""Outlaw"" raids, and these raids are designed to prop up as file bundles in regular raids that when you grab, you now have access to an outlaw raid after your current mission is over. These were made to get the player a lot of loot that can be bagged and secured. These outlaw raids are not about damaging the nazi war machine, but instead benefitting your pockets with nazi gold, stolen paintings, etc.Instead of skills like payday, you have proficiences which you can increase as you level up. You go down this line and at every level, they give you 3 skills, and you can only choose one. Once you chose that one, you wait until you level up again and then you can choose another 1 skill out of 3. Interesting system and it seems to work so that your character can get powerful and definitely get his stats boosted, but not a literally insane robot that mows down 500+ men in every mission lol.(you can probably still do that though if you have the time and patience, and a good gun)Also, one more thing to note, the cutscenes in this game are hilarious. They use John Cleese as a British intelligence man and are so damn goofy. After the missions, they show this guy dressed up as hitler, getting♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off in multiple ways after a successful mission that you have completed. But if you fail, it shows him very happy and makes you feel like a dunce, lol. Well played LionGameLion, well played :P.My total rating for this game: 9/10 I truly have fun when i boot this game up and hop into missions, they are not a walk in the park like payday but are doable and have a good challenge to them, making them a worthwhile experience. If you like payday, I think you will truly enjoy this game."
,Not Recommended,414740,35421563,Posted: 2 October,all,iMissTooMuch,"RAID: WWII struggles to create a unique identify for itself as something more than an officially-sanctioned PAYDAY clone while still failing to grasp the concepts that made its inspiration popular. Lacking a clear voice, substance, and any features worth writing home about, RAID feels more like a bargin bin find than a fully featured game.Full review here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=karZ1osWuq0ProsGreat concept (PAYDAY style gameplay, set in a WWII stricken Europe) on paperHumor and perspective that sets itself apart from the current list of WWII shootersConsSimplistic, broken AI and AI spawning systemMap design that lacks clear flow and attack/defense pointsRudimentary War Cry system that provides no real valueBase camp system that takes away game timeLackluster class and character customization system2007-esque graphicsNo host migration"
,Recommended,414740,35250377,Posted: 27 September,all,Ugly,"I just want to get this out of the way, I DO RECOMMEND this game, but not for the full the price. As of right now the price doenst justify the little bit of content. But the content we do have is great... the game is fun, it really is! The only problem is the price tag, if this game was say 20 maybe even 25 dollars, I think the current amount of players would be triple what it currently is.-BUGS-The game does have bugs, stealth right now is pretty buggy.. being detected when Germans arent facing you is strange. Maybe the players havent figured stealth out but, I killed a German on a floor beneath someone and when another player in the lobby picked up the dead body, the guard upstairs rang the siren? Stealth is weird and not fun since you have to be within♥♥♥♥♥♥distance of someone to kill them. Guns blazing is the way to play this game! A few other bugs I came across was objective markers staying on the map even after completing said objective. Detection meter staying on map after mission goes loud, key marker staying on map even after picking them up. Models are very strange, espically in the safe house and when driving, sometimes Rivet in particular will do that weird T model where his arms are straight out. There are alot of animation bugs but these are minor and dont impact GAMEPLAY at all, they are more so just unpleasant to look at.-Audio-Guns sound cheap when firing, grenades sound super cheesy when exploding... in fact ALL explosions thus far sound very cheesy. The voice acting for Kurgan(Soviet) and Wolfgang(German) CAN be cheesy at times. The hard R rolls are cringey in some voice lines, but for the most part the voices are fine... its a few lines that bug me but as a whole the characters do have great voice acting and awesome personality, its just a FEW voice lines that are eh, and its not so much the voice acting as it is the writing of the lines. Car sounds are boring and generic, but atleast the car drives decently.-Video settings/options/graphics/optimization-First thing is first, no option to remove HUD as of now. You can do basic things like adjust shadow quality, Anti Aliasing, head bobbing, there is an FOV slider, and obviously texture quality. At 60 fps in 1080p playing on MAX settings using a GTX 1070 8gb, i5 7600k 4.0ghz, 16gb ddr4 memory I was able to keep a stable 60 fps with a very few RARE drops and this was usually after alt+tabbing back into the game or directly after someone joined. So optimization seems to actually be good.... unlike a little game we all know of >.> . Graphics, well uhmmm... they are.. NOT good :/. Somehow managing to look worse than that little game I mentioned in the prvious sentence... Im not too caught up on the graphics because its pasable, graphics dont make a game imo.-Gameplay-I have tried not to mention Payday 2 in this review because it seems like the popular thing to do, but I cant help but mention it here in the gameplay portion. Is it payday 2 with a reskin? In short, no. It does feel alot like gameplay when it comes to mechanics, interacting with locks, running and jumping, shooting etc. But the core gameplay is alot different than payday 2, sure you have objectives that are I guess at the roots the same thing? Like defend this point for XXX amount of time, but this is not something only Payday 2 has. Wave styled games are universal across many games, not just payday 2. Maps in this game are ALOT larger, you have plenty of room to run around and explore. Speical units are alot less frequent and overall the units are lessend. The gameplay is still fast paced and action packed but overall the game is slower paced than Payday 2. Opening boxes to regen health and rarely finding it on the ground is nice, it doesnt allow that type of gameplay Payday 2 had where everyone just runs around 1 man army style and just kills everything.. never having to worry about health or downing. Speaking of downing, atleast on normal when in ""custody"" you automatically respawn after a certain amount of time. Fades (the point where no Germans spawn) seem to be about the same time as Payday 2 on Ovk. I enjoy the gameplay this game offers, it WILL punish those who are careless and rewards the careful strategic people. Shooting guns is great, so far there are no optional sights for weapons so if you are someone that doesnt like iron sights.. then good luck. There is a loot box system in the game but dont fear, its only in game. You get a loot box after every mission is complete 100% and depending on how many dog tags you find and how well you did will grant you a better loot box. In lootboxes you get cosmetic items and exp boosts (I have yet to get anything else after 7 hours of gameplay). At the end of each mission there is a MVP type of section showing who did the most kills, best accuracy, most headshots etc. If you get one of these 3 or all 3 you get a little boost in upping the chances of getting a better lootbox. Sounds great, but in my experience so far ALOT of players will just kill ♥♥♥♥♥ to get these MVP bonuses and just ignore the objective... (will update this portion later but I think ive covered most of it, the gameplay is fun!)-Progression system-You might be asking why I didnt inclue this in the gameplay section and thats because I feel like it deserves its own little space so it gets more attention. Lumping it in a wall of text it might get over looked.The progression system is great, unlocking attachments for your guns by actually using them is much better than just being able to buy them outright. If you like a gun enough you WILL get everything you want for it by playing the game, if you dont like a gun well guess what.. you DONT have to use it. The guns dont have as much customization as they do in Payday 2, shotguns have one ammo type, no sight options, no suppresors. All you get is stability, extendo mag, and more damage. Given the time period it makes since that the options would be limited, so im not complaining by any means. As of right now there arent alot of guns, there are 13 primary weapons to choose from and 3 secondary weapons. Out of the 13p weapons 4 are class locked, 2 for recon only and 2 for assualt and demo only, insurgent as of now has no class locked weapons. Secondary weapons can be used across the board. You unlock guns by getting headshots, kills or hip fire kills for tier 1. To unlock higher tier attachments you need to reach a certain level tier 2 being level 15.-Random input-Live action cutscenes are corny.. sorry I HAD to say it. Also no one ever joins my server :/. Some missions feel like they should be done in singleplayer, almost as if this game was created as a singleplayer experience with coop added later.. its strange.My final thoughts are, the game is awesome but the price tag isnt. I know I said alot of bad things but thats only because so many other reviews didnt. The game is great and over time with polishing and updates / new content I think it has the potential to compete with Payday 2. As of right now the game is more like Payday 1."
,Not Recommended,414740,35312766,Posted: 29 September,all,TheKillerFish,"I did not have to play this game long to dislike it.Raid WW2 is literally a reskin of Pay Day 2 with some of the maps being ported and everything. When you are detected the enemy will swarm you with no end in sight.The gunplay is clunky, gaphics slightly better than COD3, and AI worse than a bunch of 5 yearolds running around with pellit guns.So if you hated what Pay Day 2 turned into like most people then you will despise this game even more."
,Recommended,414740,35234726,Posted: 26 September,all,Krazy,"If you like PAYDAY 2 and you're sick of waiting for new heists, buy this game. A lot of new Raids, new characters that actually interact with each other, and World War 2. I could compare this to PD:TH, but I don't own that game. Worth a buy, probably more during a sale though."
,Recommended,414740,35435335,Posted: 2 October,all,Cute Tomoyo Sakagami 💖✙✠,"Reminds me of the movie Inglorious Basterds from Quentin Tarantino, without the bear jew and Brad Pitt. :D"
,Not Recommended,414740,35465887,Posted: 4 October,all,GunDecky,SPECIAL EDITION IS - NOT -WORTH IT!!!!! NOT NOT NOT NOT NOT WORTH IT!This game is just not worth it at the moment.It feels like its still missing a load of ''stuff''/ an empty game.The game requires some polishing and a flooding of extra FREE content to make it decent / worthwhile.The potential is there but it just needs more stuff!This game is something i would expect for a PS2 standard at the moment. There is still long way to go.I want this to be a good game but its going to take alot of work.Save your money and keep watching for updates. it will be a great game but only if the support is given by developers.
,Recommended,414740,35239293,Posted: 27 September,all,Rocket Raccoon,"Is this game worth your money?Certainly, you just have to cease thought that it is reskin of Payday 2. Its just plain wrong... game has way more to offer, its more action packed and more cinematic. It feels also more like Left 4 Dead thanks to character interaction, gameplay is closer to Payday The Heist then Payday 2 (ironically, most people claiming it to be Payday 2 clone never played first Payday).There are basic differences in comparison to Payday 2:1-There is no armour, you lose your health instantly.2-Enemies are more likely to miss, but when they hit they instantly do cause you more harm then in Payday.3-Forget about running around like idiot, there is no dodge in this game.4-Flammenwerfer, such equivalent of Dozer from Payday but way more dangerous, do not even try to get close to him to shot right in his head, he will melt you in 2 secounds.5-Deployables, they are non existant.6-AI appear more responsive then in Payday 2, might be due to fact Payday 2 is bloated by content at this point.7-There is no Bain.8-Weapon customisation is similar to Payday The Heist one, more upgrade based.9-Skills are more Payday The Heist like as well.10-Lockpicking is a minigame, no more ""HOLD F TO PICK THE LOCK"" for half a minute.11-Game has ""Operations"" you play few raids in row in campgain fasion, you can do other raids without finishing entire operation!12-Maps appear way more dynamic then in Payday 2, you blow up entire bridge or entire zeppelin. You use 88 cannon to breach to the bank, et cetera.13-It makes more sense then to fight endless waves of cops.14-You can hit with butt of every weapon you have (including grenades), not just melee weapon like in Payday 2.15-Graphics are not as important as people make them, even if you take it as priority there are some improvements in regards to it in comparison to Payday 2, we have for example gore effects, when you shot BAR you feel like you shot BAR and you see effects of BAR on enemies, you see how their limbs are being teared from the body, how their head is being teared et cetera. Same thing with shotguns and overally all weapons, they do not feel like toy-guns.16-Randomisation appear way more interesting then one in Payday 2, might be due to fact the overall setting of game makes more sense and allows for more, time will tell how predictable the randomisation is.17-Characters, you get to play as British ex-officer, American bandit, Soviet psycho and German who got betrayed by his people.18-RAIDs, I do not mean these ""Hero raids"" you do because Control/Mrs White tells you to do, I talk about the RAIDs you can do once you unlock them by collecting intel, these are not autorised by anyone, you just go there to steal and everything you steal does end up with you as gold. So far I could play only one such raid, small Galery in Berlin, raiders had to steal paintings, there was also safe in backrooms of the galery, you did need key to open it, so no worries no drilling and senseless waiting like in Payday 2. Map itself was basically Jewelery Store from Payday 2, its neat thing for veteran Payday 2 players imo.19-War cry, its somewhat special ability of each class, each class has different ability.20-4 classes.So what do I think about the game?+WW2 setting - it does give huge oportunity to add content you otherwise would not be able to.+Gunplay - it is satysfying, also as I did mention earlier shoting BAR feels like shoting BAR. Every weapon is going to leave a mark, bloody nasty mark.+Lack of armour/dodge mechanic. Its way better this way.+More skill based gameplay (Read up)+It works on imagination, as long as you have one.+You have to pick health, also you do it by pressing F, it won't magically heal you when you walk over the medkit. there is no skill which will constantly regenerate your health. Minus one of class war-cry, its charged by you killing enemies tho.+You have to pick ammo, also you do it by pressing F, it won't appear in your pockets magically.+More tactical gameplay then in Payday games.+Censourship, or rather lack of it.-Censourship in Germany. (+ Germans can still play with rest of the world)-It might be too hard for modern generation of gamers. Too tactical for casual players, it might be also reason why it gets so much hate from people as well. There was once guy on forum blaming minigame (real simple minigame I will add) for inability to finish tutorial.-People with no interest in WW2 will feel lost.I would rate the game 8/10 in its current state, it does have chance to be one of the best if not the best coop hoard shoters out there. Had more fun with it then with Payday 2 and Left 4 Dead."
76561198044775059,Recommended,414740,35427280,Posted: 2 October,all,Mister Mxyzptlk,"It reminds you a lot of Payday, but instead of cops you kill Nazi's. Killing Nazi's is fun!The missions seems fun and full of variety, and even on Normal some of them are really difficult!Weapons are old school cool and seem balanced, hip fire with guns seems more realistic. Knives can be fun in a pinch, but melee punches is not as fun.The downsides I’ve noticed this far are* The game wouldn’t start at first, without repairing using: “Steam\steamapps\common\RAID World War II\_CommonRedist”* There aren’t a lot of people yet and it’s hard finding a full team. Soloing is often a bit too hard, because bots don’t help you with the objective. (Just as in PD2)I’d recommend this game, but I’d also like to give it some time to mature and gain more people so that you don’t have to play alone or with only one at a time."
76561198051176385,Not Recommended,414740,35248293,Posted: 27 September,all,Br. Dreen,"Urgh, first of all, I thought a lot about this. I wish I could just give a ""mixed but with a very low kick to the negative side"", but that ain't possible and the closest thing is negative, although I don't really think it just deserves a negative.So again, first of all, I want to say what really impressed me. Like many others I thought the game might be just Payday 2 in WW2. Well, the core is, sure, but we all knew that from the start. However, so many fresh and exciting ideas are worked into this game, it's kinda stunning. As a 1000+ hours Payday player, I knew what I expected. The mission objectives were fresh and new, and unlike in Payday 2 I was even able to see some of the action (Exploding an airship vs. PD2's blackscreen and Bain's ""wow we blew that up!"").So I'd say it's more cinematic than PD2. I compare it to this game because it's the same engine and same core principle. About the engine: I get why they chose it, they got experience with it. The Diesel engine is what now, 15 years old or something? And it's stopping to work for Payday 2. And they need to step up for a newer game. Updates will be hard on performance, the engine is already at it's limits. Add the cinematic effects to this and we will surely have a crash incoming.The graphics aren't neccessarily ugly, however they tried too hard to make realistic textures which just looks plainly bad in some places. It's especially bad for the overview of the whole gameplay.Well, the gameplay. It's... hard to say, really. This game is full of bugs, most commonly clipping glitches, so NPC's walking through walls. About the gunplay itself, it's divided. Some guns like the shotguns feel just great and are fun to play, however the first pistol or the Insurgent's SMG just make me feel as if I never wanna look at them again, they felt simply... frustrating.That all may be okay, however not for that price. This is a 15 buck game, not a 40 buck or even 60 buck game. Oh and while we're at it, I personally own the Deluxe Edition and it's a plain waste for me - none of these items are of interest, at all. Plus, I can almost guarantee incoming DLC, knowing Payday. So it tought me to not pre-order games anymore, which is good at least.At the end, all this game got going for it are the cinematic effects, comical characters and clever ideas, but that just doesn't make it different enough from other genre-like games. I love the game's promise, just like I did with L4D, PD2 and even Killing Floor 2, however this just did not grab me, although I fully expected it to grab me.As for the swastika and Nazi stuff: It's weird, really. I'm based in germany and concerning censorship, it's really finicky. Well all the swastikas are replaced with some other sign, good, who cares. Hitler just has a different moustache, also okay I guess. Now the real problem is the german version of the game being locked into german language, but devs promised to fix that, plus you can already change that in the game config outside the game. So concerning censorship, it's bearable. (Although they still say ""Nazis"" and ""Hitler"" however when John Cleese speaks he just says ""Mr. Beep"")"
,Not Recommended,414740,35250778,Posted: 27 September,all,Actually Dustrat,"This game looked like it could've developed into something nice, the beta wasn't anything special but it showed promise. Having actually put time into the game itself though, I think the devs should've made the whole game a beta because this game is ♥♥♥♥ed six ways to sunday. I'm 90% certain they never actually playtested any of these maps or if they did, they only did it on easy. I'm going to keep an eye on it for updates but I'm done, save your money."
,Not Recommended,414740,35248783,Posted: 27 September,all,[RoYaL] Khaled,not worth your money and time.
,Not Recommended,414740,35248597,Posted: 27 September,all,Stellebork,I will never reccomend this game since it runs like S**T on an old engine and there is a lot of bugs and stuttering wich i dont expect from an old game developer. The game is basiclly broken like hell
,Recommended,414740,35230122,Posted: 26 September,all,Boo Kirby ,"I like this game quite a lot, but I was skeptical about buying it because I was afraid no one would play It.It is quite a lot of fun, and I would like to use this review slot to respond to two pieces of criticism I see everywhere.""The game looks like gmod!!! The graphics suck!!""But, I thought the graphics of a game didn't matter? That's the mentality I grew up with. I honestly don't think the graphics should be the top talking point, It should be the gameplay of it, and speaking of which,""The gameplay feels like payday 2!!!! What a copy!!!!""I feel like this game is more like PDTH, and not Payday 2. And what exactly is the thing that makes everyone think it's like payday 2?The fact that you have to fight hordes of enemies attacking you while you have to do objectives? Oh wait, THAT'S NEARLY EVERY PvE SHOOTER I'VE EVER PLAYED. I really don't get what's so similiar here. Am I just mentally damaged? Probably.Also, before someone says ""HURR DURR YOU HAVE 15 MINUTES ON THE GAME YOU DON'T KNOW ANYTHING!!!"" I played the beta, and i played this game offline, since my internet went out.Sorry for the wall of text i just wanted to express my feelings. Nobody will read this anyway, since people like negative thoughts more than positive ones."
,Recommended,414740,35232900,Posted: 26 September,all,Lt Llama,"TLDR; Basically Payday meets WW2. If you enjoy payday you will most likely enjoy this.Attachments in this game are earned through various challenges such as getting 500 kills with the weapon, 50 headshots with the weapon, etc. I like this better than the random mod system from Payday 2. I do not like the fact that the attachments are straight upgrades instead of optional/sidegrades. Each one has a few different tiers with the higher tiers being outright better and it looks like each weapon has up to 4 total attachment slots.The games missions are pretty fun so far and it seems to be about 12 or so total with 4 difficulties. There are also operations which is like a 6 day heist from Payday. I did one of these and it was pretty cool with mission objectives from the earlier days affecting objectives in later missions in the operation. I only see 2 of these right now, I'm not sure if there are more to unlock or not but it did take a good chunk of time to complete the one i finished.In order to do hard mode you have to beat the mission on normal and in order to do very hard you have to beat the mission on hard. I've only done normal mode so far and it can be pretty tough when attempting solo. The game does have missions that you can stealth although it's pretty difficult (maybe I'm just a scrub).The thing I dislike most about this game is that ammo does not automatically get picked up, it's pretty annoying having to run around hitting F on enemies corpses just to get more ammo.I am enjoying the game and I hope it gets some good support with continual updates. I'm having good fun with it so far"
76561198148514044,Not Recommended,414740,35452617,Posted: 3 October,all,Fn'Furious,"I played this game on Beta, still playing the game and will keep on playing it. BUT I will not recommend it to anyone at any circumstances at the moment because of the game itself(ironic).What I'm saying is; there are better games that wants less money for it, less bugged, more fun, etc. If you wanna buy this game buy it to support the developers not for the sake of the game. I'm playing the game because games like this were my weak spot-also I bought SE because they were giving free UE for Payday 2.What kept me going with this game was the interactions with the characters themselves( to each other and to us-like when we try to get ammo and health when we are full), ending hitler videos and most importantly the devs and everyone that works in WW2. They made a difference between Beta and full game in 3 weeks. 3 ♥♥♥♥ing weeks. Overkill took 3 years for AI improvements and ping issues and these guys just made the game much better in 3 weeks. They never stopped working since the release and it doesn't look like they will stop until the game itself is shaped and going in a right way.Shouting out for gamers, wait for a few months and you will see what I mean, this game will be great but not just yet.EditYes it is a reskinned Payday 2 but is it such a bad thing?"
,Not Recommended,414740,35236511,Posted: 26 September,all,Oozebourne,"It's PAYDAY 2 in WWII setting with inferior gunplay, inferior build customization, inferior AI and repetitive, insipid ""lolhitler"" reaction videos after every mission. It's playable, but definitely not worth the money in its current state."
,Recommended,414740,35234919,Posted: 26 September,all,JasmineX♥~,Good world war 2 game was worth my euro
,Not Recommended,414740,35253232,Posted: 27 September,all,Hephaestos,"Well 5 hours in.... i can't say this is glorious.First off, this is not a payday clone... if it were it'd be a very bad one. This is a squad attack game where you go to objective, complete it and leave. Yes there are some mission with loot bags, and a clone of the ukranian job... but you have no jammers, no C4, no pagers to answer, no drill. There's waves of soldiers, but not a tsunami of them (only played in normal... second out of 4 difficulties).So why does every one say payday? because they took the engine, the basic mechanics and pasted a different skin on it. It looks ugly, as in 2005 ugly, cause it is an outdated game, albeit, I would say the screen seems a little more furnished than payday2 so i guess there is ""graphical improvements"".The multiplayer aspect of the game is really only get swarmed together and revive each other. there is not really much more interaction than that as there is no tactics to the game. You have no equipments, your loadout is only really whether you want to have a shotgun or a sniper rifle, all classes get machine guns. So it really doesn't matter what you pick for the mission, everyone has the same lockpick minigames, the same dynamite crate on the map (for the ones that need it. Also, I've found the game is probably a bit easier with AI... cause they are more resillient, unless there's a bomb flare, then they pile up dead as the AI is dumb.So is the game fun... well if you liked wolfenstein Enemy territory from 2003, you'll probably be at home here... i'm not joking, this is what this reminds me the most of, probably cause of the settings and graphics quality.I'm liking the game... I just don't like that I paid 40€ for it... only redeeming factor is that as a long time payday2 player, I was only halfway up the DLC and had a 25€ upgrade to make if I wanted to enjoy that game again... the raid SE preorder included the payday2 ult edition to complete my dlc. Yay... Had I played the beta i'd probably have skipped this.John Cleese... Well the guy  recorded a series of scenes that you get to see every time you discover a mission. It has his usuall snappy tone and witty speech, but there's not really any joke to laugh to, and most of his interventions are 3 lines of text. Do not expect much on that front.I'm gonna keep playing, if only to see every raid it has to offer, cause i don't mind graphics, but with the little multiplayer interaction, i don't really see the replay value. So i'm guessing that kind of defeats the point of the game and thus am not recomending it.If you want to buy it, fine, do know it's probably better with friends than stangers (true for all games, but especially this one) and also that you're paying a lot for something that feels a bit as an underfunded side project."
,Not Recommended,414740,35232685,Posted: 26 September,all,Goatking732,"I'm not gonna sugar coat it. The developers have made some great games in the past but I cant simply say its good because of their previous games. This game is poorly done and a major downgrade to the counterparts. Maybe in a year this game could improve but at this state, its a failure to the the previous games.The positive's for the time being 9/26/2017+ Weapon variety is okay+ Safehouse customization is somewhat decent and is another outlet for gold use+ No microtransactions at time of release+ Lots of variety in missions/heists that you can do+ Gunplay is competant to where it isn't painful enough to do things+ Not really pay to win as all content is availible to be unlocked through playing missions+ Graphics flow in the sense of a payday game with improvements+ Loadout system is upgrade to where you can edit your weapons and be able to test them directly after+ Safehouse system lets you modify your characters and weapons smoothly+ Load times are decent and not lasting minutes to get into games+ New way of picking up ammo and health is manual and not automatic+ Awesome menu music+ Gold is completly cosmetic as it has no further purpose past character and safehouse cosmetics+ Collectibles are optional but needed to earn some good loot at end of game results+ Stealth is optional for most missions+ Stealth is competant enough to where its not horrible+ Artillery mechanic keeps you on your toes and not just sitting and shooting all the game+ Weapon and model design is great+ Nice variety of viewmodels when changing cosmetic appearenceThe negatives are somewhat there.- Weapon spread although can be changed by attachments are very poor- Player AI is barebones to where they float around the player and help when downed- Flamer's are still lacking balance and can take down a whole team and AI very fast- Weapon attachment system is a downgrade from the payday series in a way( Complete goal's like killing X enemie's and headshot X enemie's to unlock progress attachments )- Binding key's is a hassle as you have to relocate keys to other keys just so you can rebind a action- Menu flow is awkward as you cannot double click something instead of clicking equip for everything instead- Sound track in action sequence's feels uninspired and dull sometimes.- Gold earn rate is rather low- Collectibles are optional but needed to earn some good loot at end of game results- Stealth feels cheap as most enemies will be highlighted and revealed with X Ray vision which takes away immersion- Animation quality is good sometimes but when changing weapon states it causes lots of clipping and feels partially complete- Viewmodel quality is bare as when you use the fov slider your punished for using it by serious clipping and missing arm quality- Enemy spawning is a mess at the moment due to enemies just popping in as they please- Higher difficulties require more players as it seems due to the AI being not able to contribute- Feels rushed out or under developed due to lack of quality control and major downgrades to gameplayLike most players say, you'll probably wanna play Payday 2 more than this due to that having more content and better base content than whats here. I've seen how things can be great and when playing this I think why they downgraded this below Payday 2."
,Not Recommended,414740,35505690,Posted: 5 October,all,DocBerry,"A mediocre PD2..Even with freinds we still didn't have any fun, The entire game feels very out of date and boring after 5 minutes of play, Shoot nazis.. sometimes steal gold / art or ♥♥♥♥ with the miltary operations... watch hitler get salty. Repeat.One of the levels isn't even orginal.. it's just a full reskin of jewlery heist from payday 2..just in 1942.. : \Whould not recommend to buy, just wait for a free day.. play it then never touch it again until the next free day."
,Recommended,414740,35444851,Posted: 3 October,all,Weaselly,It's good.But mainly because of Kurgan!
,Not Recommended,414740,35232725,Posted: 26 September,all,Richard Dangles,"PROS:-Decent Gunplay: Most weapons are decently satisfying to use-Good Sense of Humor-Cool Game ConceptCONS:-Buggy to all hell, lots of crashing as well-AI is worse than Payday 2 in many cases, ruins immersion-Terrible leveling of character and weapons, way too grindy-Graphics look worse than Half Life 2, in my opinion6/10"
76561198061872397,Recommended,414740,35235016,Posted: 26 September,all,#FEEDHOXTON,"Fun and engaging video game. Some raids revolve around some historic ww2 units and artifacts that extermely few other games mention, which I like. I enjoyed the beta and Im currently enjoying the full game. Don't listen to the punks that are crying about bad graphics, they're mentally ill. I rate 8/10. Could still use a bit of tweaking for movement to feel a bit more fluid but other than that, its good."
76561198039868013,Recommended,414740,35235210,Posted: 26 September,all,DaveLycan,"Gameplay-wise, RAID : World War II is fun and offers alot of missions and replay-value.But this game feels like an unpolished stand-alone dlc for Payday 2 (which could be a good or bad thing).The cost for this game is also a bit too much.RAID is worth it, but not at this price. I suggest to pass until the game goes on sale."
,Recommended,414740,35242108,Posted: 27 September,all,Sydch,"It's not a complete review, because I'vent played everything that game offers me, but I see people with half-a-hour write negative reviews, I want to make some things clear. They are not even played this game, they are not review it proper. They compare this game with PAYDAY 2, which is very-very cheap effort game, says it better than RAID. It's not better nor worse. They have different aspects and you should get the fact this is different game while it's a successor to the series.I am a long-time PAYDAY veteran that have thousands of time in franchise. I've played lots of horde-shooters, first-person shooters and co-op games. It's like my favorite genre. I invest hella time especially on PAYDAY 2 as you can see from my profile if you wanna check. I really know stuff about it, don't act like I've know it.First, I want to mention bad things, from my perspective.Limited character slot. There is pretty amount of skills and you've to respec them if you want to switch builds. Just 5 is not enough. You have 4 different characters, at least give us like 8 slot to make 2 different build with them.Fall damage is hillariously absurd. You take heavy punishment if you fall like on 2 meters. Come on, even I can jump from that place.Map based achievements are limited, even some maps doesn't have any achievements at all.Animations are, what can i say about them.. uhm.. looking bad? They are looking a little bit weird.Team AI is bad. They not resposive to us, they not even respawns like players.Where the ♥♥♥♥ is Rivet's bandana?Crashes, again. However, it's not common as they in PAYDAY 2.Now with the mediocre stuff. They are not bad things, but not good either.Weapon customization. I like the way of unlocking things, however you can't simply turn them off or change the way how you want to make them look. And they are not equal, some weapons has tons of challanges while some of them simply has 4 or 5.Graphics are not bad, but not so well made either. With 40$ price tag, graphics might be seem a little bit outdated, however details that they made for maps covers bad sides of it.Amount of weapon content. They are really limited. Just 3 sidearms for example. Not too much, but not too less either.There are no server browser in main menu. You have to move in to safehouse. It's not a really bad thing, but takes time to enter that.Skill tree is not detailed like in PAYDAY 2, but you have one to make you different from other players.Safehouse customization is good, but very-very limited.We really need to reset our downcount. Please add some medical stuff that rarely spawns from crates that resets our downcount.Chaging beta stuff, like difficulty and trashcans. They change trashcans to make them always open and people can't see stuff in that. In beta it was better, you have to open, hide corpse and close it. They just made it easier, however I don't see this as a bad thing, so I put it in meh list.Just 4 character is kinda meh. I hope we get few more in future.End game rewarding for objectives are literally a punishment. People with kills got better stuff.You get a loot box in the end of a raid, it's good but with some flaws.Weapon modeling is good in anyways, but can't say it for character face models. Otherwise, all models are well detailed and not looking bad.Still no interaction animations. We have few on various stuff, but come on, do it on every thing.Classes are not balanced. But they feel different and every one of them has unique stuff.Driving got upgraded, you can even respawn your vehicle with a single key instead you suffer whole heist like in PAYDAY 2 or change seats or it even fills you in car somewhere while you have looking in to a door which has an another player seated in, however still it's not have decent movements and feels chunky.Soundtrack is not bad, but It's not remarkable like PD:TH or PD2. Still, it's fits the game and cool to listen.Now the best part, things that they made well.Detailed and various maps. They should really took time to make maps, they are looking awesome. Compare them with the other games, like PAYDAY they doesn't even give a ♥♥♥♥ about details. It's the little things that make it good. Like if you take a painting from the wall, It has a dirt behind of it. There is lots of props that feels game alive. LGL did a very good desing, like they did with Golden Grin Casino back in the day.Tons of RNG stuff, which keeps every RAID fresh.Different gamemodes. Outlaw RAIDs for example.Various objectives instead of hold F to place drill.Shooting feels so ♥♥♥♥ing good. Enemies decapitate, and that's satisfying.Character desings and backstory is well made. You have a comic in safehouse that you can look where the characters come from.We have customization for characters.Enemies can be difficult, and that's something I've missed for a long time.Healing is not cheap, you have to take cover.Collecting ammo and health stuff from around is making this game really challenging.Stealth is decent and fun. You can even get manage to cover stuff after got caught. Sprinting have a big punishment tho. Also you can't fully stealth every heist, it's usually allows to make some objectives to do in it. It's a good thing, because otherwise It's going to be too easy, and LGL doesn't want it.UI is godlike. It's minimalist and looking well. I can't get people who calls it bad, I'm an art student and I got amazed with their job. The game have a personality, and UI reflects it so ♥♥♥♥ing well.Jewelry Store easter-egg, it's hillarious. And It's not the only thing, while taking loots one of the characters says it's better than a sandwich.Picklocking minigame is good, and improvement to PAYDAY 2's hold f to win. I really hate that fact on PAYDAY 2.Melee system is awesome. You can use weapon butt along with your melee of choice.IT HAS FREAKING OPENWORLD!Yeah literally. It even has a map.Cash system and loot collecting is top notch.Characters talk like in PD:TH. They feel alive, they talk about objectives, enemies, plans, loots and stuff like that.It's takes PD:TH base and uses some various good things from PD2 make a very different looking game. They took a huge step, it's really shame that you can't please everyone in 2017. This will be most underdog game that I've going to play. If you are a co-op horde-shooter fan, you should check this game out. I've liked it, don't listen hate-train guys that played game like 10 minutes. They can't even get what game offers you with new RAIDs or Operations and stuff like that. They must be really stupid to write a review with just 2 minutes. Steam has a♥♥♥♥♥♥quality of review system, which allows people that refunds game have a huge impact on review system. PAYDAY 2 is not superior like people said, only thing that PAYDAY 2 makes good is amount of content. Quality is over quantity, and RAID is trying everything to raise it, believe me or not."
,Recommended,414740,35244824,Posted: 27 September,all,[◣╬◢] flamer927,"i been play about 4 or 5 hours,  overall gameplay same like PD2 but different  especially  operation mod and new  mechanic  gameplay. i know lot people complain about graphics..feel old school graphics or PS2 graphic but this game just been released yesterday so give it chance to improve. we cant compare PD2 had been so many update for a years...i remember when PD2 just released lot people complain this game♥♥♥♥♥♥ or whatever and said PD1 better..LOL.  i hope this game have a chance to improve especially graphic, bugs or whatever and hope dev always make a good content..btw i really enjoy this game"
76561198096839618,Not Recommended,414740,35352927,Posted: 30 September,all,t4l3n0,"Whe your game is keep crashing and full of game breaking bug, and people making a memes out of it, and the dev make a really slow to none of progress to fix it, you know the game is not worth it, the reason i'm buying this is for payday 2 f**ktons of DLC, just stick to payday 2, it's not crashing as much as this game, heck this game is just a re-skin of the first payday."
,Recommended,414740,35428537,Posted: 2 October,all,CrunchNomNom,"Fun co-op shooter with hordes of enemies to kill, and objectives to complete."
,Not Recommended,414740,35265269,Posted: 28 September,all,Pilot97_YT,"I have had my Pleasure of playing this game for almost 10 hours now and I have to say I am somewhat disappointed with the lack of content, I would not recommend this to any friends, and the only reason I played it for a bit was to really give the game ago and see if it will grow on me, and it did like a tumor, would not buy if you do steam has refunds to not give yourself a Tumor too"
,Recommended,414740,35233220,Posted: 26 September,all,Sensei-tional,"Before any of the seemingly plentiful haters of this game come down on my review with their namesake, please take the time to read an honest, if slightly irritated review which isn't based explicitely on GRAYFICKS and TEXCHURRS.Edit 1: I actually just noticed something, almost all of the massively upvoted negative reviews have between 0.4 and 0.9 hours on record. That hardly seems enough time to legitimately experience a game to such an extent that you can write a properly informed and trustworthy review for it.First, to satisfy the hateful masses I will ackowledge the fact that, yes, this game does have flaws-- of which Graphics and Textures are not FLAWS--, that's a craptacular, opinionated argument which has no bearing on the gameplay or functionality of the game.That being said, the flaws this game DOES possess are very damning.Problem 1: One which very few proper negative reviews below have made mention of is the fact that ""desync"" is rampant right now. For those that don't know what ""desync"" is, it basically means that enemies, and even friendly AI have a habit of phasing through walls, walking on air, and levitating off the ground to reach balconies, catwalks, etc. This issue, hilarious as it may be to witness, can result in unfair deaths to the player because of it.Problem 2: The difficulty settings seem to have been changed drastically for the worse since the Beta, considering while I was playing a match on Normal settings, there were literally 50 or so enemy soldiers spawning at a time and ""zerg-rushing"" myself and my team in a seeming endless flow.Problem 2.5: Going off of problem 2, is the matter of there being quantity of quality. There are not  moderate amounts of adequately intelligent AI enemies to challenge the player, there is instead a f*cking moshpit worth of braindead drones that swarm from certain invisible walls or doorways throughout each map. You will almost never be downed due to lack of skill or persistence on your part, you'll be downed because you literally do not have enough bullets or firepower to kill the dozens upon dozens of lobotomized nazis crawling out of the woodwork.Problem 3: Some people have said the game does not run well, this is true, but only to an extent. The most i've noticed as far as performance issues is the fact that the game takes an absolute eternity to load... Personally, that's my only gripe as to performance.You may be asking yourself at this point, ""Why is this guy's review positive despite these flaws?"".. Well, because the game has been out for LESS THAN A DAY, which many negative reviews neglect to acknowledge. This game has potential out the @$$, and shouldn't be judged so harshly based exclusively on idiotic personal complaints such as lack of weapons, graphics, or textures.This game deserves a chance before it's driven into the ground by a surge of negative reviews born of people bandwagoning around the impotent gripe of graphics and textures not living up to their delicate PC Master Race pedigree, or people posting a negative review with a snarky quip knowing it'll be upvoted by the many bored circlejerkers lurking the reviews, or hating on the game because it's not Payday 3, or that it's a Payday 2 ripoff because the game has 1 or 2 heist missions.At least let the game form a playerbase before vehemently running off any potential fans of a game which has been out for less than 12 hours. Let it be patched, let content updates/DLC start coming out, and let people form their own opinions on the product, at least while the game is still new. If the game winds up sucking later on down the road, and isn't given adequate refinement, i'll be among the first to condemn this game for not living up to the limitless potential it has right now."
,Not Recommended,414740,35389199,Posted: 1 October,all,NicketyPom,"It took Payday 2 a few years to become a viable purchase. On release Payday 2 was fairly lackluster and I feel the same can be said for RAID: WW2. Right now there is just not enough to justify a $39.99 price tag. If it was $19.99, maybe. Considering what little content there is for what your are paying I recconmend you throw down the five extra dollars and buy Payday 2 Ultimate Edition for the time being. After a year or so I'm sure I'll be able to come back and write a new review recommending this game.Pros:-Missions are fairly fun.-Weapons feel like they have kick to them.-Characters are interesting.-Has potential to be a fun PvE game.Cons:-Incredibly difficult when just starting out.-Upgrading weapons is a grindfest.-Loot drops mostly consist of small XP bonuses.-Frequent crashes.-Gameplay can become somewhat repetitive after time."
,Recommended,414740,35245308,Posted: 27 September,all,FanA.-,"This. Game. Is. NOT. Payday 2!If you're downvoting it for looking alike, damn it's on the same engine!Moreover I like this game more than Payday 2 actually. LGL did a pretty good job with it. The Beta had like 10% of it's current content and maaan, you missed some good sh*t if you only played the Beta!Keep up the good work LGL!"
,Recommended,414740,35234719,Posted: 26 September,all,Mr. White,"Preface: I am a die hard fan of Payday 2.This one is interesting. I havn't spend enough time in the game to really give a full reveiw, only 3 hours so far, but from what I have seen, I am really excited to see where this game goes. When I first played the beta for this game I thought it was rather lack luster. Boring skill trees, bland heists, and bugs. Many of those opinons have changed. The bugs are absolutely still there, so if that bothers you, don't bother with the game. Obviously this will likely get better overtime, but you never know. The devs have made some minor tweaks to the unlock systems and skill trees that make it a bit more interesting, but there is going to have to be an overhaul down the line.All that said, the games missions/raids/heists are absolutly fantastic. The choice of missions selected for the beta is confusing to me as I think they chose some of the worst in the game. If you thought the missions in the beta were lacking, this shouldn't be a reason to not purchase. There are quite a few heists in game that are sure to keep you entertained for a while and that is before you get to operations, a really ambitious and cool feature that I am exited to explore more.Basically the game as of now is okay, but probably not worth the price. The thing that makes this game worthwhile is its potential. If the devs play there cards right here they could end up with something really special here. All signs point to the fact that this game is on track to be excellent, but if you want something fantastic right now, I'd probably stick with Payday 2."
,Recommended,414740,35236219,Posted: 26 September,all,Nighthawk,"I have nearly ten hours on record.The game just released.Help me.Oh yeah the review part. It is a pretty good mix of PAYDAY 2 and PAYDAY: THE HEIST. If you like those games, GET THIS ONE.  My one major gripe is this: I dislike the need to grind out weapon stats to feel viable on hard+. Aside from that and a few bugs here and there, this is a soild 7/10 game that I can see playing for at least a month.Considering I have 1000 hours on PAYDAY 2, my interest in horde shooters is slowing down a bit. If you aren't burnt out yet, I can see an avid PAYDAY fan putting a couple hundred hours into this game. Like I said: ten hours on day one. Help me."
,Not Recommended,414740,35231711,Posted: 26 September,all,Watchtower,"They should have spent less money on scenes and more money on literally anything else, because this game is an unpolished, lacking steaming pile of crap in every aspect.It's not even unique, payday does everything this garbage does 10x better, and that's not even saying a whole lot about it. Combat is buggy and very lackluster(really, enemy AI can railgun you through any foilage, but we can't shoot through barbed wire fences that have an invisible hitbox that goes well ABOVE the top? geez..) while your AI will literally jump into a flamethrowers fire and wait to die.The dialog the characters have are very uninspired and quipps every 10 seconds(at least..) which gets old very, very, verrry fast. The scenes/videos for briefing are.. interesting, not bad at all but very silly. Would be forgiveable if the game didn't promote a gory, no holds barred approach.The customization(or lack thereof in weapons) is a huge - to me, weapons can be upgraded, as in damage increase, less recoil etc but there aren't any unlockable attachments in the short time I played - and could barely stand TO play.The classes aren't all that different really, perhaps there is a notable difference late game if people can somehow stomach to last that long, but at the start they're all mindnumbingly similar and boring.3/10, and that is probably being generous. It feels and looks like an old PS2 game, with less content somehow.. stay away. Just buy a Payday game or play one of the various mods of arma or gta5 that add in heist type situations, this game is just rubbish."
,Recommended,414740,35234842,Posted: 26 September,all,Apprentice Taco,Raidday 2: The Heist
,Recommended,414740,35315889,Posted: 29 September,all,TrustedCharl,"A Payday 2 Veterans Honest Review of Raid:WW2Hi guys TrustedCharl here a long time player of Payday 2 who loved that game since its Launch and bought every DLC including the completely overkill pack and experienced almost all the game had and has to offer.So to the review....Raid:WW2 is a Solo/Co-op experience similar to Payday 2 set in a world war 2 setting in which the nazi's are winning the war. John Cleese (Control) sets your gang the task of destroying the nazis one mission at a time via a set of Raids and Operations.Raids are as follows:HuntersOdins FallGold RushBunker BustersWiretapRouges Gallery (Reskinned Jewellery Store from PD2)The Amber RoomTrainwreckStrongholdExtractionTiger TrapLast OrdersOutlaw Raids - Only Discovered Forest Raid atmOperations are Clear Skies and Rhinegold.This selection is quite a strong list to sink youe teeth into with the raids unlocking over time the more you play the game and with Outlaw Raids being randomly found by finding mission dossiers within the other maps. The selection is quite diverse and almost all maps apart from tiger trap, bunker busters and stronghold have stealth sections allowing for a variety of ways to complete the various missions.Operations are long and arduous affairs which can feel like a bit of gentle anal with a sandpaper♥♥♥♥♥♥♥especially with how they are currently with stealth feeling very much like a bore to combat as enemies currently seem to have x-ray vision making stealth on some of these sections almost impossible.Onward to the graphics, the games graphics arent anything to be amazed at they arent all lens blooms and HBAO+ shadows and all the fancy rubbish that we dont really need, but they do somewhat remind me of medal of honor 1 and rising sun with an almost purposely grainy and rough look to the game even on maxxed settings, not to say that is bad in this game but i know a lot of master racers will be put off by a game with OK graphics.Now on to some of the major downsides to this game, the loot system is very poorly executed, it tried hard to seperate itself from payday 2 loot by making the drops based on whether you got awards at the end of a mission or how many of the dog tags (gage packages) you found on the map, this experience feels so tacked on and really needs some sort of refinement to be based more on the performance of the player rather than how many random collectibles i can find.Secondly the whole GOLD system really needs looking at since the gaining of gold is almost too slow currently meaning that you cant really see the point of it till youre balls deep and 100's of hours in the game this is even taking into account the whole 20 bars you can obtain during a normal difficulty outlaw raid making the safehouse upgrade system a little useless for the playerbase until we actually get a better playerbase and dedicated players who want to invest time in the game.And also sadly one major major major thing that pisses me off to the highest degree, the utter lack of John Cleese past a few minor videos after his tutorial masterpiece, in these videos he barely has time to speak let alone act or provide any semblance of the character of control, yet we do hear a hell of a lot of Mrs White without ever seeing her in a video, utterly shameful with how the game has been marketed to star John Cleese i expected more screen time.Finally I just want to give my summarised/TLDR opinon, RAID:WW2 is a fun new take on the co-op horde heist mode shooter but is currently plagued with problems of its predecessors such as bugs galore and an overall lack of systems refinement making gameplay a little too clunky to be enjoyable. Overall a decent game for the price but needs to be shown some love by the developers and support from the Overkill/Starbreeze Fanbase otherwise we will see this game suffer an early death... then we will be stuck playing Payday 2 lootcrate edition till 2020.Solid 7.5 out of 10 or B+ Average attempt with some exciting and excellent design work, just needs some refinement to be a solid 9/10 game."
76561198226810908,Not Recommended,414740,35230079,Posted: 26 September,all,easybreezythugger,why did I pre order this wtf brain
,Not Recommended,414740,35230815,Posted: 26 September,all,Pax,"--------------------------------------------30.9.2017 REVIEW (59 hours in)--------------------------------------------After some time, I have decided to change my positive review into a negative one instead. I really want to recommend this game, but in it's current state it's impossible. It simply is not worth the 36,99€ they are currently selling it for, considering how the game looks, plays and feels like a carbon copy of PAYDAY 2 with less content, more bugs and equally poor optimization. I want to stress the poor optimization. I personally don't mind the poor graphics, but for looking like a game that was released back in 2013, RAID runs like♥♥♥♥♥ The game runs at around 60 FPS during combat at the lowest settings and that is hardly enough for me. Owning a 144Hz monitor, I would like to be able to run the game at around 144 FPS or more to allow room for frame drops. There are plenty of major frame drops, and I believe that the DIESEL engine is to be blamed here. However, if you can get past all that, and generally like co-op horde shooters like PAYDAY, go ahead and buy it in a sale.I have to admit that I'm impressed by how quickly the developers respond to player feedback. I'm hoping that they are able to turn RAID's rocky launch around with free updates instead of overflowing the game with pointless DLC. The developers have actually promised something among those lines on stream. The vast majority of content updates should be free, and those that aren't would be larger, expansion pack-ish DLC. They have also promised that there won't be any microtransactions in the game. But hey, those are merely promises so take them with a grain of salt considering how the game was released four days ago. I would not be surprised if Starbreeze, the publisher, would implement microtransactions safes of some sort into this game as well.Speaking of the game's rocky launch, the all-time peak for players is around 1492 players. Currently it averages around 300 during mornings and 800 during evenings. Despite the numbers seeming quite low compared to other multiplayer games, you can still easily find matches at any given time of the day.In short, the game can be enjoyable, but feels more or less rushed and unfinished in it's current state. I have hope for this game, and am willing to turn this negative review into a positive one once I feel like the price meets the quality of the product.------------------------------------27.9.2017 INITIAL LAUNCH REVIEW------------------------------------The game is fun.The developers worked very quickly in order to add in and tweak some features I alongside other beta-testers requested on the forums.I'll update this review once I've managed to get the full picture about this game, but for now I definitely recommend it if you like co-op horde shooters.The flaws I can think of are the fact that they are still using the old DIESEL engine, and that weapon upgrading and customization feels too limited."
,Recommended,414740,35234676,Posted: 26 September,all,Venomousbeetle,"Pretty neat. It's differences from Payday seem like positive ones, save for a few kinks that should be ironed out in the coming months it's pretty much what I was expecting.Progression feels a little slow though.Overall solid game."
,Recommended,414740,35236032,Posted: 26 September,all,Shane,it's mediocre.
,Recommended,414740,35243198,Posted: 27 September,all,SkeletonDude,"""How can a single tower contain the entire Nazi army"" - Friend7/10 Would fight the never ending Nazi hordes again"
,Recommended,414740,35243157,Posted: 27 September,all,Mr.Smith -[Qc]-,Good game. I dunno whats going on with all the bad reviews. Did all these people blindly bought the game ? Its like the received a game they werent expecting at all.Watch videos and you will know what you get.
76561198026584638,Not Recommended,414740,35465286,Posted: 4 October,all,Praetorian,"Take Payday-The Heist and Payday 2 then smash their mechanics into one but make gameplay more clunky and put the result in world war 2 timeline. That's what this game is.Let's start with the good things.++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++-The cutscenes. They are adorable.♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off the Hitler priceless :D Also John Cleese(I'm not gonna lie i don't know the guy LOL ).-Decapitation is awesome.And that's pretty much it :/And here where things fall apart.------------------------------------------------------------------The Safehouse or bunker or whathever you wanna call it. It seems they tried to make it more useful than Payday 2 but in the long run it will become a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥♥ They basicly take Payday 2's main manu and spread into safehouse like sections. So now instead of selecting missions easily or changing your weapons, skils from menus, now you gotta run table to table like an idiot.-Unlocking Missions. It's pointless! Why not let us play what mission we wanna play.-Gameplay clunky and sluggish. I mean it's not too bad but it feels little off. Also you can't pick up ammunations automaticly anymore. You gotta interact with them! So now instead of focusing on the action, you constantly looking to the groud and spamming ""F"".-Customization in general streamlined. Your character's appearance is based on the class and nationality you pick. Weapon customization is more like the skill system. Basicly you pick perks and that affects the appearance and stats of the gun.-The AI. OMG THE AI. Most of the times they don't act like a ww2 soldiers they more like samurais with swords charging to your position especially in tight places. Friendly AI just like in Payday 2.The AI is mostly funny but escort ai behaviour is not funny at all. Those effin idiots refuse to move until you go near and shout at them like santa in Payday 2 but unlike him these aholes have health bar which means they can DIE!  And when they move, they don't run! Ohh no they are casually walking like they are gonna meet with their date in the park and birds are....NO!!! stop dreaming and run to the escape point dammit.-Optimization is baaaaaaaaaaad.-Graphics are lazy.-The Price. Well some might say ""Well at least it's not a full price"" or ""at 25-30$ it's worth it"" but HELL NO. You see this is a full release but not the whole game. This is half of the game and there will be a ton of dlcs coming piece by piece and they will get the rest 20$ and even more with this way. More characthers, more weapons, more missions,... etc.Overal game is kinda solid and fun at times but at this current state don't even think about it! If you wanna play a game like Payday, well play Payday then! or Borderlands.4/10 - DO NOT BUY!!!"
,Recommended,414740,35232575,Posted: 26 September,all,NIKITAzed,Has Issues But Fun 2: The Bettering
,Recommended,414740,35358038,Posted: 30 September,all,TheImperialReaper,"While yes it doesn't have much content, The game itself is pretty fun and i know the game has its share of issues at the moment but I believe we should just give it time before we criticize it (we should expect these issues with most games these days)this game gets a 7/10 for mehopefully most of the issues are fixed in a few weeks"
,Recommended,414740,35261054,Posted: 28 September,all,JV_,raid world war 2 is a fun gamesure it has some bugs but I'm sure the'll get fixedbut one thing I don't understand is the hate it is getting by a lot of people who got the beta in the free weekend or by having payday 2sure they share some assets but they gameplay is not the sameI'm sure this game will become something great
,Recommended,414740,35261680,Posted: 28 September,all,Commissar Heavy,Good Game.-Kurgan approves
,Recommended,414740,35261859,Posted: 28 September,all,Jaiseck / GSecurity,"Despite what people says, I'm having a blast playing the game.It needs some improvement for sure, but the dev team is really reactive and listen to the community, so I'm sure they'll do the most they can.I want to give it the chance to improve over time and get even better."
,Recommended,414740,35250741,Posted: 27 September,all,SpacepirateSky,"Played quite a lot of payday 2 love the game and while this game is obviously on the same engine and may look outdated to some I frankly don't care, the gameplay is solid its difficult to come into this with the mindset of playing payday 2 you just can't, there is no dodge no armour its all about aiming well and taking cover using supplies at the right time and not grabbing a huge ammo pack for 1-2 bullets (same goes for medkits).this game takes elements from payday 2 but it is not so similar the operation missions are a new entertaining take on the raids, the weapons to me feel fun to use while sometimes don't hit their mark well welcome to payday and raid its how its always worked the upgrades while a little crazy made me laugh especially the m1 garand with a massive magazine quirky inacurate but who cares its fun.the main problem currently is stealth without any ranged weapon for stealth its a bit difficult but possible maybe adding a gun like the welrod would be a good fix wont shoot too quick so you cant slaughter 10 people in 4 seconds but would give you the range needed for some of those stealth missions.all in allI love it had a lot of fun in the 16 hours i've played and wont be stopping any time soon so those 16 hours are gonna increase no questionLion game liongreat job, keep it up add some cool new stuff in future and there will be no complaints from me loving raid so far thank you for the time and effort you put in."
,Recommended,414740,35250029,Posted: 27 September,all,Perp703,Games quite enjoyable - its basically if medal of honor frontline and payday the heist had a baby.Pros:- Surprisingly large amount of day 1 content- John Cleese - nuff said- Old school feeling to it - it feels like you're doing heists in the classic medal of honor / cod ww2 (not the new one) era- Challenging- Well designed levelsCons:- THE AI IS ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥- Im by no means a graphics snob but they are defnitely subpar compared to industry standards- Ironsights are terrible - the aiming needs to be smoothed out - its almost easier to just noscope / hipfire everythingAll in all people need to stop comparing it to payday - its not payday get over it - its also a different dev team (LIon Game Lion) that had help from the payday crew (Overkill) they just the same publisher (Starbreeze). And if people are as patient with this game as they were with payday 2 itll become great too.
,Recommended,414740,35233808,Posted: 26 September,all,Adam Sandler,"I find this game very fun but difficult. Many people don't enjoy this because of their experience in Payday 2. Payday 2 started out much like this and added on more content as it aged. While Payday 2 is great, I believe many people forget that this is Lion Game Lion and not Overkill. Lion Game Lion has only made 3 Payday 2 dlcs and that's it prior to this game. The dlcs were The BBQ pack, golden grin casino, and the bomb heists. So overall at it's current state: 7.5/10Not bad but really difficult due to the trash team AI"
76561198025481036,Not Recommended,414740,35481063,Posted: 4 October,all,OliverTeetz,This is a reskin with far less features.... I really wanted this to be a good game because I thoroughly enjoy PD2 and WW2 style games but this just doesn't come close to filling either one of those needs of mine.
,Not Recommended,414740,35289451,Posted: 29 September,all,SpankY,"-REPOSTED FROM MY REFUND REQUEST-It crashes ONLY when completing missions, either for me or for others... something I thought they would have the brains to fix in the beta. Other than that, the gameplay is sloppy, hard work is rewarded the same as going bare minimum... The game pretty much becomes a chore, and for the price it has, even with the ""loyalty discount"" for those who own payday, this is still a kick in the nuts. Graphics-wise they went with realism, but honestly, it does not work that well with the engine they use. Game looks worse than Red Dead Redemption 1, a game that came out SEVEN YEARS AGO.TLDR: The game looks and feels like an aged prototype compared to the game its based the gameplay on."
,Not Recommended,414740,35380818,Posted: 1 October,all,Mast3r0fGam3s *Westcliff,"Payday has got about 150 Updates in 4 Years. Well, see ya then..."
,Recommended,414740,35240021,Posted: 27 September,all,HaNZeN,"If you like Payday 2, then you would love this game. It's so more brutal then payday 2 and more epic. Yes the way you play is the same in payday, but you dont have the skills and perks like in payday 2, so now it's harder and i love that. This game has more explosives stuff, you blow up buildings, bunkers, tanks, trains and planes. So i would recommend this if you like to go on the next lvl of payday"
76561198173023982,Recommended,414740,35230107,Posted: 26 September,all,Doom Bringer  Cs.Money,I give this game a 7/10 for the frequent crashes and bugged animations but in rest is payday 2 europe ww2 edition and it's allright because it will be filled with content like payday in the future with the help of the community.
,Not Recommended,414740,35230011,Posted: 26 September,all,Captain Whiskers,Currently overpriced. Looks horrible. Feels horrible. Nothing to do here that I havn't already enjoyed more in PayDay 2.Nazis tho.
,Recommended,414740,35244286,Posted: 27 September,all,CENSOR_1337,I recommend this game.no word to say but this game is awesome.you must ignore about the graphics engine cause if you think the graphics are a mistake and make you don't want to playyou're wrong this game had a better thing than payday a maps can play a many styles don't worry about medic or ammo bag anymore but also need to save a stuff it like a PAYDAY: THE HEIST you don't want to know much to play a hard difficulty but there some map can change map style if you're doing wrongand dev cares about community this game so important to dev so if there some mistake can fix you just report let him know if that right and can make the game really better they will fix it :DSorry about my English skills
76561198071944844,Recommended,414740,35245412,Posted: 27 September,all,[48th]ShadowKnight,fix the bugs and the weapon hand shiver and itl be golden. also ai hitboxes needa change
,Recommended,414740,35233150,Posted: 26 September,all,Crystal Miku,"Quite fun so far, much better than the reviews from people with around 1 hour of play time would make you think.Not the same as payday but it is fun in the same way."
76561198146571896,Recommended,414740,35453363,Posted: 3 October,all,Klioato,they all tastes good they all tastes good!!!
76561197960571916,Recommended,414740,35453091,Posted: 3 October,all,myggahn,"It may be dated in many ways, but I still think this is an absolute blast to play.Especially with friends."
,Recommended,414740,35235981,Posted: 26 September,all,cory ❤,"This game has a lot of issues. The graphics aren't the best and it runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥ The AI are very broken and they still haven't fixed the ♥♥♥♥ing ladders. They should just not use ladders at all they're so broken. The soundtrack is so bad. The Payday 2 soundtrack would hype you up for the heist whereas this soundtrack puts you to sleeps and is very repetitive. There were times where it sounded like no music at all was playing. And the missions aren't that rewarding.However I do recommend this game as it feels exactly like PDTH which I loved. Even with all the terrible performance issues and crashing, it feels like the original PD2 and PDTH. Very genuine and just fun to shoot stuff. I fell that if they could just increase the framerate and make the soundtrack faster and louder then this game would be loved so much more as it has it's hillarious moments. Like Hitler XDDDDDDDDDHonestly I do love this game and I will support it as it has so much potential, but they do need to fix the performance ASAP."
,Recommended,414740,35234927,Posted: 26 September,all,illage2,"Some quick thoughts, will probably update as I get more time with the game.- Graphics are excellent allowing a larger audience to play the game without needing a super PC- John Cleese is excellent- Love the FMV's. (Not seen em since Command & Conquer)- Gameplay is similar to PayDay 2 but its different enough to make this a completly different experience- Excellent voice actingNow Devs ..... Put some Sabaton on the soundtrack and everything will be excellent.So far game is pretty good. A lot of good changes made since the beta.Disclosure: I also played both closed and open betas."
,Recommended,414740,35245786,Posted: 27 September,all,Laurin,"Please note that this Review is reflecting my personal opinion on this game. I have also been reading other reviews and will go over how I feel about topics other reviews have touched on.So I have been enjoying Raid a lot since its release 4 days ago and am in no way disapointed in how the game has turned out and is developing.The game has been labled as the 'spiritual sucsessor' to the game Payday 2 that was also published by 'Starbreeze studios' but programmed and developed by 'Overkill' while at the current stage of the game I do not think it is as rich in content as Payday 2 is right now, but I still think that it has the potential to reach or even pass the sucsess Payday 2 has had, if the Developers do everything correctly.A big thing I have noticed is the Developers have been extemly active in communicating with the playerbase of Raid, if its in the Steam forums, subreddit or discord they have been everywhere fixing issues and taking feedback. One thing I am extremly supprised by (as I have never seen another studio do it) is the weekly livestream the Devs are hosting,  it has a long Q&A section, information about new content and community polls about what new content should come first. While I am not sure if the Livestreams can countinue to be held weekly, until now they have been and I think its a great sign that the game is making big progress.As for gameplay the game is mostly made out of you slaughtering nazi's while they storm at you (sometimes you will also encounter tanks and other special enemies), while the game does feature the possiblity of stealth in certain missions. Stealth is extremely hard to do, but possible if you think you are up for a challenge. The game has a rather limited amount of weapons as of now, but they have already announced 3 more comming soon, personally I don't feel that the limited amount is a bad thing, until now I've been fine playing with one weapon  and working on unlocking all upgrades for it (upgrades are unlocked by completing challenges such as 'kill 250 enemies that are 20 more meters away from you). The weapons feel balanced and have a very good/fitting ammo capacity.Many have said that the graphics look horrible, I disagree. While the graphics can be better I think that in the stage they are now they are fully acceptable. The graphics also fit the atmosphere and time very well.The Game runs of a class based system, there are 4 classes to chose from: Recon, Assault, Insurgent, or Demolition, you will need to create a different 'profile/character' for each class. That means you pick your class and then you pick one of the currently 4 characters. The profiles you create all run on their own level, so bringing all 4 classes to the current max (level 40) will be a very hard to do challenge. Each time you level up you can chose from 3 different upgrades (except for each 10th level, then you can only chose 1 upgrade) and the upgrades will make your character stronger. The devs did mention that they might add a non-character based leveling system.The game runs very well with very fluent FPS, I've never encounterd any kind of 'lag-spike' and until now only 1 chrash that happend when I tried tabbing out of the game when I just completed a mission (that was the first and only time it had happend).And the game featues a 'borderless-windowed' mode... thank youTL;DR: The game is very fun (especially with friends). While there is room for improvement with the current rate of developement I am very certain that the Devs will make it even better as time goes on.I definitly recommend a buy."
,Recommended,414740,35243842,Posted: 27 September,all,Tiяit chan,Alot of fun :) Need players to really enjoy it :)
76561198136416927,Recommended,414740,35247246,Posted: 27 September,all,Wild9645,"It's a very good game, I really enjoyed playing Payday 2 back in the days and this is even better."
,Recommended,414740,35308027,Posted: 29 September,all,Tron,"its good, but not perfect.Pay day 2 is the superior product for sure, but this is not a game you should skip just because of that. the game is fun to play with a team, and the maps are good too. it could use better grpahics, and its a lot less of a coop feeling game thanks to not having equipment like in pay day 2"
,Recommended,414740,35253384,Posted: 27 September,all,Jackerino,"Are people seriously comparing this game that literally just came out and hasn't been out for even a day to a game that has been out for 4 years with an immense amount of content?Seriously?  What kind of logic is that?did you people seriously expect this game to come out with as much content as Payday 2 does now?  And you're telling me this game's bad because of that impossible feat?I also understand people say the graphics arebad.  I don't know what they mean by that, the game's prettier than Payday 2 and it uses a lot more mocap and there's much more focus on animations, with the graphics actually being pretty decent for a Diesel Engine game.  I really don't understand why people trashtalk the graphics of a game that runs on a very dated engine, like it mattered, like it was a selling point or anything; that's just stupid.The developers actually care about problems and tries to fix them as much as they can.  There's customization for both your fortification and your characters.  Things are a bit more streamlined but as I said before, it literallyJUST CAME OUT.  There's still leveling, the gunplay feels pretty good and satisfying, there's a lot of bugs, yeah,but not only is it a Diesel Engine game, so this is expected, but they've been fixing bugs every single step of the way, and it's very applaudable.I do think the price at the moment is too expensive, but I know damn well they're going to be adding as much content as they can to justify the price.  There's also hilarious FMV's and the voice acting is pretty damn great.  People are comparing a game that literally just came out to a game that came out in 2013 and has been in development with content being added the entire time, and acting like there's something wrong with RAID because of it.  These people are genuinely irrational.If you genuinely don't like RAID, that's perfectly fine.  But if you don't like RAID because it doesn't have as much content on Day 1 as a game that came out 4 years ago and got content every 2-4 weeks, you're an idiot.I like RAID.  And I applaud the devs for how much care they actually put into this.  Good luck, guys.  It's a little bit barebones at the momentbut it literally just came outand there's still plenty of content for you to experience on your first run.  I recommend waiting for the price to drop though, or waiting until there's enough content to justify the hefty price of $36.   But if you want to buy it now, go ahead.  You'll actually have fun."
,Recommended,414740,35266149,Posted: 28 September,all,The Drunken Patriot,"Fun, fast and exciting 4 player co-op objective based gameplay with plenty of charming characters. Glicthes and bugs aside, it's a great game already and with a few stability patches plus some more weapons, raids, ect it'll be even better. Only had 3 weeks in Beta and it just launched as of this review so give it some time. If you enjoy killing Nazi's and/or like Payday 2 then Raid WW2 is for you. You shouldn't have any problem running it as it's not a GPU hog. Oh and did I mention you can customize your clothes and hideout? Yeah, you can do that too if you want. :)Also, don't listen to all the whiners and nay-sayers. It's not EXACTLY like Payday 2 and it's made by Lion Game Lion not Overkill. Not liking a game is no excuse for lying. If ""dated"" graphics really bother you that much, just don't play it.Suggestions: more songs, stealth skills, melee weapon diversity (currently they all do the same damage, knockdown, ect) and silencers for some guns/new silenced guns to aid in stealth."
,Recommended,414740,35249404,Posted: 27 September,all,Gema,"tl;drDo I like the game? Yes I do! Is there room for improvement? Sure (a lot)!Are the graphics bad?They're dated, but design itself is ok, and it's really not that different from Payday 2. It's easier to provide additional content on lower production values, so I'm looking forward for that.Is there less stuff than in Payday 2?Sure, not as much content and not as streamlined as Payday 2, but I'll give it time, and hopefully we'll get a more stuff. Currently, there are 20-ish weapons, with unlockable enhancements, skill trees, cosmetics and a variety of missions. I feel like I got my 30e's worth.Does it differ as an experience from Payday 2?The gameplay is pretty much identical to PD2. As an improvement in atmosphere there are nice videos to bring the game to life, banter, swastikas and gore that make for good WW2 experience. (Also, killing hundreds of nazis in a wartime environment and Commando escapades seem way more ""realistic"" than killing hundreds of cops during a bank heist.)THERE ARE NO JAMMING DRILLS!"
,Recommended,414740,35271634,Posted: 28 September,all,Carbonhell,"Pretty nice game with a passionate dev team who quickly fixes bugs and actually communicates with the community. The mechanics are nice, there are actual bugs here and there like some holes in certain maps that allow you to go out of the borders, but they are being quickly fixed, and the content itself is pretty amazing. The beta didn't have a lot of content, but it was fun to play, whereas this game has like double/triple the content, with stuff like operations which is really nice to play. I trust in the game being expanded and improved over the time, but right now I do not feel like i wasted money at all with the special edition."
,Not Recommended,414740,35245455,Posted: 27 September,all,Blaze,I would not reccomend
,Recommended,414740,35254195,Posted: 27 September,all,MultiClassic,"Yo man, this is a good game. To attack the elephant in the room, yes it's a lot like Payday. But not every game needs to be something that revolutionizes the industry! This game has cool characters, fun missions, kickass feeling weapons and I very much enjoy it.If you're looking for the next greatest co-op shooter that will define a generation, this isn't it. It's not about bringing something new to the table. But it is about just trying its absolute best to be a fun game to play with your buddies. And really, is that so wrong?"
76561198145615716,Recommended,414740,35275031,Posted: 28 September,all,Flaming Mailman,"It's fun, plagued by most of the issues pd2 had on launch, but LGL is a first time dev. pd2 had four years to become the action arcade shooter it is today, give it some time and Raid might surpass it. To me, it already has."
76561198081196036,Recommended,414740,35268762,Posted: 28 September,all,Pepsiman[Cool|Club],Good Game 9/10
,Recommended,414740,35272465,Posted: 28 September,all,Terminal,"The easiest way to play this game is to NOT compare it to Payday 2. While they have similarities (horde based shooter, stealth and loud gameplay, characters of different nationalities and so forth) they are not the same game and should not be treated as such. RAID is more directly comparable to Payday: The Heist. Simple, straight forward gameplay with the difficulty balanced around survival and resource management - in that aspect, it's everything Payday: The Heist did and better.A lot of people have issue with the graphics, and maybe it's just me, but I quite frankly don't really care. I've come to a point where I care more about framerate and the gameplay than how pretty everything looks, so why don't we talk about the gameplay a little?As already mentioned, RAID is very heavy on resource management and survival. Your health is a resource that can drop insanely quickly if not managed properly, and ammo is something that can run out fast if you're not careful. As I already said, this is similar to Payday: The Heist for those of you that have played it.In Payday: The Heist you can NOT regenerate health, and your armour needs to be kept in check to keep your health high, and ammo can be burnt through if you're not careful. Unlike Payday: The Heist, there isn't an armour system. At first this might sound like a terrible idea, however enemies can drop health kits and health kits can be randomly found in crates, alongside ammo pickups. This is a simple change, but it makes health as a resource more valuable and important, as you don't have a safety net.The weapon system is also similar to Payday: The Heist, in the sense that new weapons are unlocked as you go and recieve upgrades that change the appearance and boost the stats. In Payday: The Heist, where the upgrades were unlocked by simply levelling up, RAID deviates from this and requires you to complete challenges. These are different based on the weapon and the specific upgrade, with some challenges requiring the player to get X amount of headshots are kill X amount of enemies.With the basic game mechanics seeming fairly solid so far, let's go on to one of the most important parts of any game - the levels. I've seen a lot of criticism calling the raids themselves boring, but when I played them with my friends we had a blast and thought it was incredibly fun and challenging. The level design is intuitive and guides the player, and caters to all the available play styles. All the raids I've played have had areas that work to the benefit of each class. The start of Bunker Busters has a long rush to the bunker, allowing recon players to make use of their sniper rifles, while the inside of the bunker is tight and close quarters, allowing insurgent and demolition players to make use of their shotguns and grenades. The assault class is fairly general, being useful in almost any situation as the assault rifles are incredibly versatile.That said, the game does have its share of issues. Most of these simply come from the Diesel engine being in use, and are shared between Payday and RAID, however. Issues such as odd object collision and desync are the norm in both, and it would've been nice to see RAID made on a different engine instead.It seems as though most of the criticism for RAID comes from people expecting something new and massive, and these people also seem to think that the game is made by Overkill.RAID is NOT made by Overkill. This is the one thing that really bothers me, and while I think Overkill promoting the game is good, a lot of the players of Payday 2 are... to put it as simply as I can, kinda dumb. Reading the discussions for Payday is like slamming my head against a brick wall, and the misinformation I'm picking up on from the reviews and general comments I'm seeing around the internet reflect that.If anyone is reading the reviews and trying to legitimately decide whether or not the game is worth buying full price, don't be put off by the massive amount of negative reviews left by people comparing it to Payday 2. I think that Lion Game Lion have done a fantastic job with the game, and issues are to be expected for a game that has just released.If you're still on the fence about buying RAID, I would recommend waiting a month or so for some patches to roll out and then pick it up on sale. If you don't like it, get a refund. If you do, welcome."
76561197966571697,Not Recommended,414740,35249650,Posted: 27 September,all,Bancho,"At its current price...just no. Its a shame because its nice to have a game where they dont shoehorn an american protagonist just to cater to deluded american patriotismSpeaking of delusion, the majority of positive reviews state that gave it so because they arent comparing it to Payday 2. But doing so actually makes the game seem even worse."
,Recommended,414740,35266180,Posted: 28 September,all,[RS] Dan Greene,"I really like this game, when I heard there was gonna be a Payday 2 related game set in WW2 I was excited. I played the beta and made sure to have my friends play with me. My initial thoughts were solely enjoyment.Pros: Freedom to do a level however you want. No skins. Fun levels without excessive DLC. Skill groups are limited but easier. A fine selection of WW2 weapons. Good multiplayer fun.Cons: Absolutely not worth it to buy the pre-order or special edition. It's all cosmetic differences but is nothing ""special"" persay. AI is still buggy, (Spawning in poles or in the cliffs of Trainwreck) Flame guy is way too overpowered in my opinion. Bodies that die inside walls or doors stay inside said walls and doors.Other comments: Lots of the negative reviews are just whining about graphics and it being like Payday. Honestly stay away from these toxic reviews and look for more mechanics related reviews.EDIT: If repetition to succeed through level development is not your fortay why did you buy a game like Payday"
,Recommended,414740,35277846,Posted: 28 September,all,E3kHatena,"Take Payday 2 at launch, touch it up a little bit, add a handful of Payday: The Heist, and a spoonful of Medal of Honor and you get Raid, a 4-player co-op raiding game that offers a change of pace versus PD2. It's a bit more methodical and a bit more flexible, and while it's still a bit rocky from the get-go LGL is committed to making this game the best it can be. At the very least, it's worthing taking note of and checking in. I personally love the game so far, it's very much more a spiritual successor to the first game than the sequel, which is a much appreciated change of pace."
76561198038149899,Recommended,414740,35467548,Posted: 4 October,all,Ark-Angel,"Fun with friends, A.I isnt to useful besides meatshields, Hoping that they will be updated and more useful like in Payday 2.This game is great but Payday 2 has more content and a lot less balance and bug issues. My Experience so far witht the game is fun as hell, I would like a few more features and bug fixes.Would I recommend this game?If you love World War 2 Era and Payday 2 with Friends , Yes its really fun.But if you have 1 option for a hiest game, Get Payday 2 instead. If you want both get Deluxe version like me lol for 25% .Anyways This game isnt bad, Just not amazing 7/10"
,Recommended,414740,35228725,Posted: 26 September,all,NotMeYO!,Awesome game from the little I have played!
76561198091673688,Recommended,414740,35264026,Posted: 28 September,all,Catkopi,Upgrade Payday 2 to Ultimte Edition and free a game =D
,Recommended,414740,35264310,Posted: 28 September,all,Philosoraptor,"The game is LGL's first product. Don't listen to the haters. The game is the spiritual successor to Payday 2, and it shows. That doesn't mean that the game is the same as PD2. The graphics are a nice 7/10, could use some work, but still very nice. Gameplay is a 9/10. Replayability is 11/10"
,Recommended,414740,35254028,Posted: 27 September,all,Time Vault,"If you like Payday 2 and don't care too much about graphics, you'll probably enjoy this game."
,Recommended,414740,35283326,Posted: 28 September,all,Abradolf Lincler,Good game 9/10
,Recommended,414740,35281033,Posted: 28 September,all,Bjnichols,"Okay, first things first, this game just came out, cut them some slack not everything is going to be perfect at the start. People say harsh things about this game when really, it's not all that bad, I am very happy I participated in the beta and even more happy when I pre-ordered a copy. This game is very fun with friends, AI, or random people you find playing, the game is entertaining and exciting and at the time of this review I've barely gotten through a few of the missions. I support this game all the way and I see nothing wrong with giving it a shot, you won't regret it."
76561198047597805,Recommended,414740,35376363,Posted: 1 October,all,Rosetta Stoned,"Everything is in the hads of devsStill Im going to thumb this up because I enjoy playing Raid so far and i believe in devs. But maybe ill change my review in the future. Here are some of my thoughts about Raid from the payday fan.The GoodStrongest part is replayability. Due to the scenario director there is a piece of random in each mission. However comparing to Payday replayability is cut by half. Thats because of skill system. In Payday you can try different playstyles even in vanilla one. You could've been engineer, medic guy or armored stormtrooper. And im not talking about crit builds with concealment which were brought later on. In Raid you just making your character stronger, faster, etc there is no different playstyles only skill grind. Same goes with weapons. In Payday you can make a lot of different guns from one gum with the help of mods. In Raid you are just making your gun better.CutscenesYou have funny cinematics in the end of a mission and during briefings.CharactersIn Raid i love characters. They are individual and have own madness. Another plus is their communication during the mission and commentaries about environment. I like idea of customization but you can change pants or jaket id like to put on glasses or fancy hat.MissionsEach raid feels different. And objectives are really interesting. In payday there are a lot of heist were you are just waiting in the room till the drill is done. In raid most of the time you are doing something. But there arent a lot of raids available right now. Another disappointment is that 4 or 6 days raids have maps from other raids just with different objective. Raids fell like old Medal of Honor or Return to castle Wolfenstein.The BadContentLack of weapons. Seriously we have only 3 secondary. And we dont have enough raids. They are short and we want more.WarcriesThey need to be balanced because my warcry is autoaim and its broken. I cant aim properly and you know autoaim in game where there are around 50 enemies in a room there is no point in that. And another warcry heals. So what is better? I think you understood.SpecialsGround specials spawn really rarely and i think they are scripted. Flamers are good but other specials... Sniper - okay we've seen that. Spotters - mark artillery strike. Officers i ve seen only one during my expirience and i think they make enemies stronger. You dont feel that there are any specials on the field. We need more ground specials like tasers, cloakers and dozers.ChangesDevs are afraid to change anything so this game looks like Payday the heist. They've added some new mechanics like stationary machine guns, firing from Flak 88 cannon or from anti-air cannon. But its not enough. I hope they will add stealing german tiger or capturing armored train id like to see that.AnimationWhen i unlocked grip for Sten my character still holds magazine. I know its just minor thing but still. When you unlock extended magazine your fingers will go through the textures. And why when i shot all rounds from Springfield he doesnt load it with cartridge.The UglyBugs and glitchesI had loads of them. Sometimes game scrolls when i press fire and sometimes even crashes. Spawns are broken you can face around 40 enemies in one room and the other time there will be bunch of enemies somewhere far away. Enemies go through walls and creates.ConclusionTo be honest i dont know for whom Raid is. If you didnt play that kind games i would suggest playing Payday 2 not Raid. And if you want some good WWII FPS i would suggest you old COD 1,2, MOH Allied assault or Day of infamy. This game is only for Payday fans. Another thing i hope devs wont add DLC i mean im ok with them and ill definetely buy them but right now game needs free content and updates. If they release payable DLC instead of free stuff this gona be real bad cuz game doesnt have enough content right now. But still ive enjoed Raid so far."
,Not Recommended,414740,35393566,Posted: 1 October,all,ueberdart,"""The better the trailer the worse the game"" has to be the short description of this game. All of the bugs from payday are included. Matchmaking is very bad. Gameplay is very challenching to nearly not doable. No difficulty levels. Grafic is not to bright. Ki is not to good to. Cant realy recomend this game. Will not preorder games in future, without seen or played a demo!"
76561198004413298,Recommended,414740,35280853,Posted: 28 September,all,MochaStim,"It still needs some work, enjoyable none the less.-Papa Bless"
,Not Recommended,414740,35228743,Posted: 26 September,all,▲DaddyKill▲,looks like call of duty 3
,Recommended,414740,35287209,Posted: 29 September,all,Virus -Busy,Payday 2.1
,Not Recommended,414740,35244933,Posted: 27 September,all,The Yori,"The first time I saw this game I was so f*cking happy, but know when i have played the full release im ""meh""When I saw this game i though: ""YES! Another nazi killing game and this time from the makers of ""PAYDAY 2"". I you are thinking the same thing, hold up and read!PROS:+ Nazi killing+ Very funny dialog+ contols and aiming feels f*cking fantastic+ got safe customzing from the start (very basic stuuf, but still)+ have achievements+ have trading cards?+ Award winning cutscenes (fan-f*cking-tastic!)Yea, as you can see here not a lot of pros. I even took achievements and trading cards into account, because it looked so sad. Well, let us go to the cons.EDIT: the game appears not to have any trading cards, even though the storesite shows it...CONS:- Bad graphics (PD:TH looks better even und ULTRA setting)- Gameplay gets very boring after short time, especially if you have played the hell out of PD:TH and PD2- Normal setting is f*cking brutal if oyu are playing solo (comes for a player who have completed almost all heists oneDEATWISH in PD2)- Call of duty unlock system.- currency is in tresures not money (which mean you only do RAIDs to pimp your church- No online playersCONLUSION!To be honest i dont know what they thought, when they made this game. To many DLCs to PD2? i dunno... But what i DO know, is that they used to many resources on cutscenes and none on the game itself.I am splitted in two to be honest. I dunno if should ask for refund or not. (plz help). The game has potential and i think the devteam will make it better with time and could mean a sh*tload of DLCs... But in the state the game is in now, dont even bother picking it up."
,Not Recommended,414740,35257170,Posted: 28 September,all,Catskinner,"I played for two hours and found the whole experience underwhelming. The POV is a bit odd, like you're looking through a fish-eye lens. The enemies are massively spongey (as are you). The missions (those that I've played) don't feel well-designed; as soon as the balloon goes up, half the Wehrmacht arrives and it turns into a slug-fest. The voice-overs are annoying. The whole thing lacks polish.I'd like to like it but I just don't - got my refund."
76561198005897401,Not Recommended,414740,35386736,Posted: 1 October,all,[-DMX-],Bad server no players.Play with bot only.RIP.
76561198142765764,Recommended,414740,35239708,Posted: 27 September,all,General. POOTISTIME,"You see all those people above me still ripping on the game even knowing they most likely havent even played it since the beta? i think they just wanna attack the game for it existing, now i must admit this game is alot like payday, but its different enough to be a different game, i recommend this game all the way, buy it if you have the cash."
,Not Recommended,414740,35232098,Posted: 26 September,all,ATARAX,"I don't write many reviews, but I feel like this one deserves it.First and foremost, if you're looking at this because you're a lover of Payday 2, do yourself a favor and walk away.Pros- It has John Cleese in a few cut scenes and overall the cutscenes are amusing.- It can be fun with a couple of your friends, if you want to just aimlessly gun down 300 or so Nazis in each mission while searching every nook and cranny for trinkets and dogtags.Cons- The graphics really could be better.-The AI is worse than Payday 2, and to make up for this they send swarms of troopers at you. This really just ends up being annoying rather than engaging.- The AI spawning algorithm merely spawns out of line of sight, meaning 3 Nazis can spawn behind you if you're in a corner.- In the 5 missions I played, only 1 of them entailed any sort of stealth, and even that was poorly done.Overall this is a subpar mission based shooter with 4 player co-op.There is minimal imagination involved in the creation and I would suggest that anyone looking at this, turn towards Payday 2 instead."
76561198093144226,Recommended,414740,35259271,Posted: 28 September,all,VerrucktMedic,"If you're not obssed with good looking graphics. This game is great. Everything from the RNG for levels to the developers who actually listen to feedback is great. There's no insane artificial difficulty like that of PAYDAY 2. It's more like PAYDAY: The Heist. There are so many great things in this game, just some people can't look past the bad graphics for some reason. I would recommend it to anyone who enjoys PAYDAY."
76561198020784501,Recommended,414740,35250366,Posted: 27 September,all,Concat999,"As of writing the game has mixed reviews, as for me I like the game alot. I enjoy the atmosphere more then its ""predocessor"" as well as its firearms. I am biased though considering I absolutly love the time line but anyway I would still recommend to all fps fans."
66556546546545434,Recommended,414740,35260016,Posted: 28 September,all,derpykat,Gud but no gud
,Not Recommended,414740,35232450,Posted: 26 September,all,LiL Rat Boi,"At the moment I would highly recommend not getting this game untill later after release. The graphics are not great, the A.I work as well as Bran Starks legs, the war crys are very clunky when using them and the game itself is very unfinished. The only reason I would say to get this game is that there is a man wearing a really low budget hitler uniform and it made me chuckle. Also John Cleese is in it. He's a funny guy. The game has potential. Just wait. Slap an early access sticker on this game."
76561198104265128,Recommended,414740,35242595,Posted: 27 September,all,ZXHTR,"I like this gameScene and buildings are well designedAnd innovative mission raidersFour character is also very specialAlthough AI is very idiot……Of course, Hitler was very interesting at the endWhether you win or loseIf you like PAYDAY seriesAnd like the game of World War II themeThis game is goodI recommend it."
76561198081040617,Recommended,414740,35274044,Posted: 28 September,all,job_adams,"well,it still has a long way to go.things missing like: loot - additional loot.for example: getting 4 gold crates is the same as 50 crates.stealth is impossible without silencers.it's not worth 60 euros, at this time.the gameplay is good, and the community is quite nice.i hope the developers are working on these problems, and get some major updates soon."
,Not Recommended,414740,35255000,Posted: 27 September,all,Fenrir37,It is a shame to release a game like this in 2017. PD2 (released in 2013) after 2k hours still looks more entertaining to play then Raid.
76561198041014574,Recommended,414740,35242208,Posted: 27 September,all,Valeriana Baleriana Dalai Lama,"Beta tester here. Payday the heist and payday 2 veteran (pirated versions of course, otherwise you cannot get the full experience).If you are just looking for something that is payday, this game is not for you.If you are just looking for something that is not payday, this game is not for you.This game is a mix of both.Not over the top graphics, decent gameplay, poor AI, satisfying gun play, incredibly good OST.This game will anger you.You will get good at it.Payday 2 players may need a little more hand holding because there is no health regeneration, and staying in cover is actually necesarry.This game has potential. And that's what i've seen in beta.All in all i give this game a positive rating. I liked it, preorderd it and i'm going to play it for a while.If you went to the reviews section in hopes you get an answer to ""Should i buy this game?"" you are not in the right place.This game is a try to see if you like it type of game. I suggest you pirate the game if you didn't pick it up during beta and play it. If you enjoy it, why not buy it. If not then it's not the end of the world.If you wna tyou can buy the game, play, if you don't like, refund. Steam has that you know."
,Recommended,414740,35243208,Posted: 27 September,all,Mountain Dew,Now i cant relly complane that this is bugy it came out yesturday BUT they rellt goda fix some of dat good game do
,Recommended,414740,35478887,Posted: 4 October,all,Frozz,I like this game. I think it could be improved in many ways. Hopefully the devs will take notice to all the bugs n stuff.
,Recommended,414740,35263502,Posted: 28 September,all,Krager,"♥♥♥♥ the haters, I like it."
76561198096999827,Recommended,414740,35255620,Posted: 27 September,all,DopeyMoon1,I want to love the BAR but the BAR wont love me back
,Recommended,414740,35233414,Posted: 26 September,all,Toaster,"So far I've had plenty of fun from what I've played. In all honesty the massive amount of negative reviews confuse me, though I've never been a stickler for graphics. I've personally enjoyed how dynamic many of the heists can be, with objectives changing depending on how long you've gotten through being sneaky or whether you accidently let those krauts shoot down that one guy you had to protect, keep it up is all I can say. My only real issue with the game is that I want more, but that will be solved in time. Overall, I wish LGL the best of luck with adding content to the game in the future and I will continue to invest time into this lovely creation.Though if you want a bit of advice, make it so the A.I. doesn't get knocked around as much and tries to avoid pools of fire even if there's a downed player in it.Post Edit: Another bug I've come accross a few times was where the game would become unresponsive when I alt-tab in borderless windowed with the Steam UI up. This is especially detrimental when you're in a lobby, where the only way out is to close the game via the task manager."
,Recommended,414740,35243992,Posted: 27 September,all,Dr.Martex,"Day 2 reveiwCompared to payday 2, It's a nice breath of fresh air, if a bit empty, although I'm looking forward to the content they'll be adding later on."
76561198043759320,Recommended,414740,35454017,Posted: 3 October,all,SnyggSomFan,Very addictive game with tons of fun elements like John Cleese :)Love it so far.
76561197960356737,Recommended,414740,35269435,Posted: 28 September,all,Yngve,"Played about 100 hours of Payday2 and loved it, and I love RAID too, much alike PD2 and in a good way. It's not pretty, but it's fun."
76561198023090695,Recommended,414740,35301797,Posted: 29 September,all,Eddie Murphy,"So I came across this game when the beta was randomly put into my library. I didn't know much about it, other than it's like L4D/ Payday but in WWII. It peaked my interests but I didn't play the beta. Yesterday I was watching some gameplay and reading reviews, and noticed it has a mixed response.I took the plunge and bought it and honestly I am very glad I did. It doesn't have the best graphics or really any story, but this game has an old school feel. It has good, solid gameplay. You obliterate nazis and steal gold. It's simple, yet has a great deal of replay value. Honestly, it's one of my favorite shooters now and I have a feeling it will be for a long time. Buy it, get online, and kick some nazi♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198014019519,Not Recommended,414740,35437487,Posted: 2 October,all,Baron,Simple shooting game with little to no strategy involved...mindless
76561198047618401,Recommended,414740,35452942,Posted: 3 October,all,Chamber of Memes (ken),"Do not believe what these ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s say about the game, they clearly don't consider at the top of the list that this is a new game, and updates and fixes are still to be made. This game is quite enjoyable, though I will say the enemy count sometimes is almost too much, and I like the idea of these commando-based missions, especially being based during the Second World War, which fits the concept perfectly, just like the British Commando units, or the old classic movie, Kelley's Heroes, I find the gun play quite and hit detecting very fluent, I assume the range on the guns is the reason to make people believe that the gun play is bad, but I think the Devs did it to limit the sniping for some of the guns. They say this gamei s nothing ""New"" or a ""Re-skin"". The developers of Payday did good on making this game based in World War Two, what other timezone are you gonna get much commando based espionage other than the second world war? which practically gave birth to the idea and concept of counter espionage. I suggest buying this game, very enjoyable and fun."
,Recommended,414740,35229686,Posted: 26 September,all,bunnyfunny,Detail review a little bit later.
76561197991403562,Recommended,414740,35233418,Posted: 26 September,all,CNN is FAKE NEWS,Game is broken at launch sadlyAll the same bugs from beta at launch..Crashes at end and start of missionsrandom disconnectsLoud static from voice chatHave not been able to finish a heist 1 hour inNot meeting my expectations going from payday 2Launch grade is given an F rating from me.. sadly it would be pretty fun if it would WORK
76561198085042889,Not Recommended,414740,35257372,Posted: 28 September,all,King Valas,By far the worst game I have ever played.
,Not Recommended,414740,35244614,Posted: 27 September,all,Bacon Overlord,When i opened up this game i thought i was playing Harry Potter and the chamber of secrets on ps2.
,Not Recommended,414740,35230436,Posted: 26 September,all,Axle,The AI sucks. It really sucks. The entire game is fighting the AI. Will see if it gets better.
,Recommended,414740,35236541,Posted: 26 September,all,Kreepy Kooldude65,"So as a massive payday fan i was super excited for this game and after playing the full version for nearly ten hours i can say i was not dissapointed. There may be some problems with the game, i have been hearingabout crashes and bugs galore, i personally have only ran into a couple. But as the game in an overall sense, i find it great and fun, i enjoy the soundrack whilst not as varied and big as payday 2 what do you really expect from a WW2 game, the music fits the time frame. The gameplay itself is a lot like Payday:The heist and payday 2 combined so if you like those games im sure you will find some enjoyment here."
,Recommended,414740,35236843,Posted: 26 September,all,GrayGL,"This game is actually really fun, played a good amount during the beta as well. Overall it seems a lot smoother and balanced than the beta, all the negative reviews are nonsense, the game is fun so why care so much about the average graphics? The game is a lot more about gunning everyone instead of stealthing, there are a few stealth missions but hope to see more in the future. Nothing like killing Nazi's and stealing their gold though~"
,Not Recommended,414740,35231965,Posted: 26 September,all,Prune,"A huge Let down, lacks content and the AI is more useless then PD2's man atleast i can refund this ""game"""
,Recommended,414740,35258661,Posted: 28 September,all,Jippin,If you like payday you'll like this.
76561198258032077,Not Recommended,414740,35232398,Posted: 26 September,all,Dennis,"*Starts tutorial* Game starts to have lag spikes and fps issues. I have Ryzen 1700, 1070, 16gb 3000 ram and it stutters in the very beginning. I was really excited for this game but finally got my hands on it and, well, i am really dissapointed with it. I have over 1000k hours with payday 2 and loved every moment with it. I came to this game super excited and then it hits me. This game is not payday 2, but plays very, and i mean very similar to it. I think what most of the dissapointment comes from is the poor optimization(I know payday 2 has♥♥♥♥♥♥optimization as well, but for some reason is different, the feeling of payday 2 just feels overall better). Grahpics is like payday, and in my opinion, just a tad bit better. Over all its a fun game, and i do plan on buying it again when patches comes out. Until then, getting a refund and pre ordering the Evil Within 2."
76561198144786975,Recommended,414740,35258069,Posted: 28 September,all,Sterling,"This is a really fun action packed game where you kill lots of nazi's while listening to great soundtrack and shooting with fantastic guns. i really like the characters and their voicelines. Operations is a really cool concept where you complete a coupple of missions for a great reward. or you could just do raids, it's like the 1 day heists in payday 2.i really recomend this game and im sure you will like it!it's worth your dosh"
,Recommended,414740,35289417,Posted: 29 September,all,Jeff Winterbone,"It's a pretty solid game, graphic looks good. Unless you are ""That guy"" who have a super cool gaming PC. Then I'll revise the graphic rating for you. It's ""Terrible, it look similar to a child's painting"". But hey, if you have a pretty average PC like me.With Nvidia 930m and Intel Core i5-6200U, who defrag his hard drives often and update outdated drivers which ""That guy"" didn't do. Then you'll have a pretty great time playing this game, aside from the occasional crashing issues when you finish a mission or starting one. Other than that, I had no problem during most of my gameplayGive this game a few months and she'll be a beauty.Don't forget to bring some buddies with you into this game, there's too little players right now. So, if you have no friends to play with you, then I suggest that you wait for a sale. If you have playmates then go ahead if you have some cash to spendDon't let the game overall rating fool you. Most of those bad reviews just have people who have like less than 5 hours played saying this game is garbage and should be refunded"
76561198079579462,Not Recommended,414740,35230063,Posted: 26 September,all,TehSchwiftSquanch,"Do not buy game, Very short repetitive. Skill tree very small. only 3 guns in game BAR m1 and Sten. Outdated engine makes game look worse than ps2 games. You have to look at ammo and press f to pick up in fast pace shooter which is a lazy and dumb design. guns have insane recoil and do little to no damage. Never got my preorder items when preordered it. So much lagg and bugs."
,Recommended,414740,35424556,Posted: 2 October,all, ahh i need a medic bag,Kurgan found VALVE.Kurgan is best at finding valves.
,Recommended,414740,35255732,Posted: 27 September,all,Ulzeta,A game with many contents in it...The dev is active within the community and will expect future contents... Can't wait for the update...
,Recommended,414740,35270903,Posted: 28 September,all,Antidote,After playing the beta I have to say this about the final game:You can play the Neon Genesis Evangelion Intro on the Piano in the HQ.10/10
,Recommended,414740,35475518,Posted: 4 October,all,Audo + Chucklenuts,"Honestly, this is the most fun I've had killing nazis in a video game. I'm looking forword to future improvements to the game and for more items, weapons, missions, and/or even more characters to get added.The only problem i have with this game is that when you shoot an enemy in the head with a shotgun their head flies off instead of exploding.that and the game not launching properly"
76561198057451749,Recommended,414740,35233286,Posted: 26 September,all,Snatchymon,"RAID is a great game with great ideas and it executes them exelently. It takes alot from Payday but it still manages to feel fresh with alot of really interesting missions and less drills to fix. My friend and I agreed that the game feels comparable to an action movie where you find yourself blowing things up and jumping off buildings. The game also goes with the route of having a set plan at the start but when things go south the characters will improvise and come up with a new plan on the spot, this make the characters feel like professionals rather than being walked through each mission step by step (I'm looking at you Bain). While many have gone about complaining that the graphics are bad I don't think there is a problem, the graphics look fine and I don't think thats any reason to downvote a game. My only complaint is that while many areas feel very cool and uniqe a few places are composed of just grass, stone walls, tents, boxs, and some trucks causing them to all blend together. I feel like the game is pretty well priced and if they support it as much as Payday 2 their should be some great times to be had for many years to come."
,Recommended,414740,35273239,Posted: 28 September,all,Yukari Yakumo,"Guys go get the thermal Drill.Allow me to reminds you, shoot that balloon thing with AA guns!"
,Recommended,414740,35433593,Posted: 2 October,all,Deformedcactus,"Strong word of caution: If you did not like Payday; The Heist, you will very likely not enjoy this game. Many of its mechanics feel more in touch with the original than with its successor. Fine, in my opinion.Let's get this out of the way: Stealth is broken. It's nearly impossible to do any mission in stealth. THe stealth concept is there, but detection meters don't seem to work properly, enemies don't consistently die with knife hits, etc. THis game, like PD:TH feels like it is always meant to be played in a ""loud"" setting. I hope at some point they revamp stealth, and maybe give us some suppressed weapons; there weren't many, but I mean, the STEN is already in game, would it have been that much of a leap to add the MKIIS?That said, I've seen many complaints of the game being grind-y. Well, I guess it is. It becomes really tedious to level up as you get later on in the game, meaning you'll get the first handful of weapons really quickly, then you'll be grinding for a while to get the rest.The gunplay, I actually do like. It feels like a gory shoot-em-up sort of guns blazing commando-y game. Not historically accurate, but fun to play.The characters are great, I'd like to see them developed more, and I have faith that LGL will do so.All in all- I would honestly only reccomend buying this game to support the developers, who I think do good work, or if you are a fan of Payday and Payday 2, and are ready to interact with the RAID community, which has thus far actually been pretty good. The amount of content in the game so far is good, but it needs more for me to say, with certainty, that it's a definite good spend of money.The variety of weaponry is also fairly underwhelming, but they've already announced three weapons they're dropping to the community for free in the near future- hopefully they follow through.The cinematics after each mission are pretty humorous but eventually get a bit tiring. However, when having a bad day, seeing Hitler get angry knowing you've sold his paintings for safehouse loot is sometimes a bit nice.Overall, 6/10. Too repetitive and not enough here to be perfect but the game has some really awesome fundamentals. I hate to only give it a 6 because we need more people to play the game!PS- LGL give us customizable safehouse at releaseUPDATE: With their first weekly patch, the game has already taken steps towards improving, with a rebalanced AI. Not a huge leap by any means, but certainly an indication of things to come, it seems like!"
,Recommended,414740,35272933,Posted: 28 September,all,Bonesman Oktober,koolgame4me
,Not Recommended,414740,35448350,Posted: 3 October,all,TR14NGL3S,I was expecting this game to be better than paydayThis♥♥♥♥♥♥boring as ♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,414740,35272967,Posted: 28 September,all,The Scary Reporter,"This is no new game this is a reskin of payday 2 same♥♥♥♥♥♥engine form 2002 and the same♥♥♥♥♥♥graphics, noted new voice actors but the same s*** audio. lets just say shatbreeze is back and shitier than ever, so if you have never owened a payday or payday clone dont touch this steaming pile of trash for your sake and mine."
76561197981479095,Not Recommended,414740,35230141,Posted: 26 September,all,Krombopulos Michael,Returned it after 50min gameplayGraphics are more than disappointing.Movements feel so stiff...it's not worth the money right now
,Recommended,414740,35236346,Posted: 26 September,all,TeslaStop,A big improvement since its Beta rendition; LGL did a good job with listening to major community concerns and releasing a stable version of the game.  Overall fun to play and has much content to go over.
,Not Recommended,414740,35234979,Posted: 26 September,all,Succ,"Hated it for the 17 minutes I played of it, awful graphics, boring gameplay.."
,Recommended,414740,35230699,Posted: 26 September,all,Baddy,Buy it for the Hitler cutscenes.Buy future DLC for more hitler cutscenes.BLAMO!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RIMpjUafYPI
76561197990438356,Recommended,414740,35259733,Posted: 28 September,all,Wolfgang,10/10
,Recommended,414740,35229448,Posted: 26 September,all,♥ Natsumi ♥,"Agoodworld war 2 shooter that draws from the old Medal of Honor games.And at the end of all your shooting and looting, you get to see a peaced-off Hitler.What more could you ask for?All the haters are just upset cause they pre-ordered Kangs of Duty: WWII."
,Recommended,414740,35373793,Posted: 1 October,all,Amyro / Fhyason,"Here is the Payday 2 spiritual son !The game is really fun, missions are differents and contrary to Payday 2: you have to play to unlock cosmetics, weapons upgrades and new missions.You get more EXP by playing in hard mode, use cards and play with people.Playing stealth is hard but not impossible !I wait for more contents ! :DThe game is just released so thoses (dis)avantages can change later:+ stuffs to unlock, don't need to pay. Play again and again (with friends of course ;)+ you can create others characters and class.+ missions are all differents: save spies allies, steal german gold from a train, destroy AAD tower etc. stealth or not.- IA is really stupid (examples : Oh ! my friends is down, I gonna help him ! Don't care about the flamers who is burning me ! Damn I'm down too :/)- Stealth is really hard (not impossible !!!), ennemis can see you from very far or from the back sometimes.- You have to be level 15 to get new (secondary) weapons and weapon upgrades. You will already get first upgrades for all of your first weapons, really. Nope you can't equip other classes weapons."
,Recommended,414740,35246664,Posted: 27 September,all,Erumsey,"Game's fine, honestly. The graphics are a tad outdated, but that isn't nessecarily a bad thing. Still looks better than the promotional gameplay i've seen for COD WW2. It's basically payday but fighting nazi's instead of cops. It's also harder, a lot harder."
,Recommended,414740,35228968,Posted: 26 September,all,HEBREW NECROPHAGIC,only good nazis is dead nazis
76561197998055004,Recommended,414740,35239351,Posted: 27 September,all,Tuliackbaev,"Apart from VERY minor tech glitches, this game is a lot of fun."
,Recommended,414740,35361483,Posted: 30 September,all,Diethe,"It's on its way, right now it's fun enough. Couple of updates and improvements similar to Payday 2 will get the game going."
,Recommended,414740,35251200,Posted: 27 September,all,Ki11s0n3,"Great game. Sure it still has a few issues, but not many and the ones that are there they are working on fixing. Don't judge this game based of the Beta if you played it or what others say. The majority of the issues it had has been fixed.Just because Starbreeze Published this game doesn't mean it's a Payday knock off. It is it's own game. It has some similarities, but not enough to be considered a knockoff of Payday. This game does enough on it's own to be considered it's own game.Give the game a chance and see it for what it is and not expect Payday and you will have a great time."
,Not Recommended,414740,35230049,Posted: 26 September,all,skelibloke,"poo poo, don't buy yet, undestroyable tanks & weapon 'upgrades' are virtually none existant, nothing like payday 2 if thats what you were hoping for"
,Recommended,414740,35241786,Posted: 27 September,all,█████████] 99%,WOW HAWAU NYA!!!This game may be on the low end side of things in respect to graphics and things like that but this game is addicting. If you play it with your friends this game is ten times better. Even playing with a bunch of random people is tons of fun.Only thing is it takes about a few minutes to actually get into a game. Everytime you join a game with random people it disconnects unless you get lucky or join in the middle of a game. Even though the jobs get a little repetitive I still get addicted to trying to get more and more money.I would give this game a ten if the graphics were like the average game these days and if the matchmaking system was working but this game seems like it is still in beta so with a little patience this game will be even more amazing.
76561198017752324,Recommended,414740,35237934,Posted: 27 September,all,Anal Thunder,Fun game had a lot of fun so far. I intend to keep playing. Has a lot of the same assets from Payday 2.
,Recommended,414740,35250320,Posted: 27 September,all,Kiander,it is a bit dull at the start but it grow the more you play it.i find it fun and  there are several thingsdone differently compared to payday 2.no darn drills :)
,Recommended,414740,35248137,Posted: 27 September,all,riderofdirt,"Awesome 4 player co op game extremely similar to payday 2 but with out some of the annoying problems, graphics are fine. For its price point its an amazing game for 40$ plenty of replayablity and fun for hours of fun"
,Recommended,414740,35229356,Posted: 26 September,all,Richkiller,"It's a good game, I'm having a lot of time, and the best thing is that it just came out, so it will get better. Ignore the haters in the review section."
76561197980372335,Recommended,414740,35236681,Posted: 26 September,all,Francis,Steal some gold.
76561198143755995,Recommended,414740,35246153,Posted: 27 September,all,Jebem Ti Majku CSGOROLL.COM,This game is absolutly amazing and it should really get more players 7/10 if there were better graphics this would achieve 12/10
,Recommended,414740,35237591,Posted: 27 September,all,radda,"People are expecting PAYDAY: WWII, but you all have to understand that this is its own completely separate game. I really don't know how people expect this game to look like a AAA title with an indie studio such as Lion Game Lion. This game in itself is great! Its a twist on the PAYDAY formula, with its own style to it. I salute Lion Game Lion for making such greatness!"
,Not Recommended,414740,35239305,Posted: 27 September,all,shibe,game is overpriced and similiar to payday 2
76561198157308365,Recommended,414740,35308932,Posted: 29 September,all,Sparkbag,"Fix some animations, add more customisation and enemies. (I want to see a nazi cloaker, what could go wrong lol)Nice game 7.5/10 would recommend to friends!"
76561197970412789,Recommended,414740,35246947,Posted: 27 September,all,Carnage,funny game
76561198079085211,Recommended,414740,35230335,Posted: 26 September,all,THE.PREDATOR8790,a very fun and cool game yes it needs patches bug fix AI needs to be allot beter graphics would be better to but i realy like it i have hopes for this game and i think they can make it allot better and improve the game all in all i realy like it :)
,Recommended,414740,35233202,Posted: 26 September,all,carhack,"The main reason the reviews are so bad is because most of the Payday community complains about everything. If you Went up to most of these people and offered them five dollars they would say ""Why not ten? I hate you!""It's a fun game and if it is just like payday as all these people say then it will get a stream of content for quite a while. But really its different enough in a lot of ways. If you like payday and dont hate everything then you will like this, and if you like ww2 games you will like it. I can see this being a game I'll sink a few hundred hours into, and and if you go by the dollar an hour rule thats a pretty great deal."
,Not Recommended,414740,35253721,Posted: 27 September,all,The Nferno,"Buggy, Poorly Balanced, Terrible Graphics, and No Simon Viklund"
,Recommended,414740,35251552,Posted: 27 September,all,Rae Rae,Gage Historical Pack as its own standalone game.
76561198038067122,Not Recommended,414740,35243124,Posted: 27 September,all,Txeptsyip,i liked the payday 2 stealth i liked it better than the loud only missionsso i thought this game being done by the payday 2 guys (or at least their B team) would have stealth like payday 2this game does not have stealth missions all missions i have found seem to be loud only (some let you stealth are the start but it always ends in loud noises)
,Recommended,414740,35361321,Posted: 30 September,all,cheezevich,"Raid: World War II is a fresh look to the Diesel engine (Payday 2 game engine). Despite critiques by people reusing ""bad graphics"", ""literally a payday 2 reskin"" and etc, this game is very different and is more mechanically interesting.Raid: World War II is very different compared to Payday 2 in many different ways. For example:Lock picking is now skill based rather than waiting for 20 seconds.You have to manually pick up ammo and medical supplies off the floor.Carrying and hiding bodies are now a challenge compared to hiding a small bag.Stealth now has suspicion modes and individual detection meters.Weapon upgrade challenges.And much more.There are still some negatives to the game however, Flammenwerfer units are far too overpowered with really far reach and too high DPS, blur when downed cannot be disabled (may be intentional to provide challenges), and a few more not worth mentioning (such as Diesel Engine exploits/issues).Overall, this game is different from payday 2 and brings a fresh feel to the gameplay. It's a good game and does some things payday 2 didn't do that is interesting. Give Raid: World War II a fair try."
76561198186949627,Recommended,414740,35256758,Posted: 28 September,all,Raven69,very good game overall.
76561198021908881,Recommended,414740,35249585,Posted: 27 September,all,Kevster,It's good fun!
,Recommended,414740,35250991,Posted: 27 September,all,[.:99:.] CuddleTank™,"No matter what anyone says, this game is not just a PayDay 2 clone, just because the machanics and engine are the same does not mean that this game is a rip off, the team LGL have also done DLC for PayDay 2, so of course they are familiar with the engine, this game gives a unique vibe to it, people complain after playing one map because they think thats all this game has, proving how lazy most players are.[GO to bottem for pro's & con's]These days most of the steam community is toxic towards anything that can't have or can't do, this game has different in game machanics and listens to its community in the updates it has pulled through, with currently over 20 maps in the first 5 days of release, except people are too picky to try new things, i admit the price is a bit high but thats not what this review is about, following, people complain about graphics which in terms should be the FPS range, people unable to run this game at a adverage 50-60 fps shouldn't be playings this, and go back to PayDay 2 with the bullet sponges and hackers constantly ruining games, this game is very new so people are complaing about this and being impaceit, no critisism just ""OH THIS GAMES GRAPHICS IS♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; which you should check YOUR graphics card before trying, and why do these people play the game for 7 hours and up if they think its♥♥♥♥♥♥ or doesn't meet your computer requirments you should refund it, that exsists.Most of the people yelling ""OMG THIS GAME IS A PAYDAY RIPOFF"" don't actually play RAID in the first place, also the special edition of RAID gives you a copy of PAYDAY Ultimate Edition [All DLC] [Unless you have it all] which is another 40 dollars in its self, which should be another buy point, all in all this game is amazing and we should wait for further updates and tweeks, i plan to play this game much more than most of my other games, ~ so don't dissapoint :DPROS-Fresh setting-Not a pay to win game-Co-op-Enemies aren't bullet sponges-Plenty of maps-Good upgrade system-Good Stealth System-NOT a 23 GB DLC for PayDay-Good shades/shadow lines-Good combat system-Great cinematics-and also released very recently with more updates to be planned.-Good Graphics [Check cons]Cons-Damage at range by flammers is too high-Textures are outdated, bit like CS:S and HL2 textues [Not saying thats bad]-High price, make it lower to make it a bit more realistic because 40 dollars is bit much 30 dollars maybe-Level exp grinding is pretty hardThank you for reading, please future reviewers please make your reviews not just ranting, help the game in certain prospects."
,Recommended,414740,35492257,Posted: 5 October,all,少佐危険テレビ,"Raid ww2 is spiritual successor to payday 2 which is something a lot of people can see, but no matter how you look at it its still diffrent. People who come across this game should already be familiar with PAYDAY Franchise and if you like PAYDAY (Payday the Heist and PAYDAY 2) than this game is worth your time."
76561198076583051,Recommended,414740,35231918,Posted: 26 September,all,Age of the Ace,game is okay not as good as payday 2 yet but got to give it some time
,Recommended,414740,35335603,Posted: 30 September,all,BOTlore,"you get to shoot♥♥♥♥♥♥and get money at the same time 8/10Pros:- Beautiful voice acting- Steadily growing memes- Really fun gameplay- You kill facists- You can dress up your character in nice clothes- Seems like a lot of people who play this game likes PD2 and PDTH so that just makes it even better- The content is fulfilling and replayable- mony- KURGAN BEST AT FINDING VALVES- you can♥♥♥♥♥♥off hitler- no WAH button- no SLASH button- no HYPER BOMB buttonCons:- Kinda glitchy and crashes sometimes- Netcode that will make you wanna shoot yourself sometimes- facists- captain facists- flamethrower facistsYMMV:- It's just more of PAYDAY 2 but also a whole lot different, I can't complain, because after playing 700 hours of that game, I feel sick of it, and it's going to die in like a year now, I don't think we'll be seeing enough heists to make the game enjoyable past 1000 hours to me, I consider RAID just a big expansion pack to it, giving me more things to shoot, more things to shoot with, and more places to shoot from, keep that in mind if you buy this game, you're paying for something that will be more of the same, for people like me that's fine, to others, it's not.Note: This game is not made by OVERKILL, it's made by a completely different company PREVIOUSLY affiliated with OVK, Almir didn't make this, Ilija did, with basically a 10-man dev team, give it a fair comparison."
,Recommended,414740,35251570,Posted: 27 September,all,OblivionArises,"I can't speak for those of you with some technical issues. I have an i76700k, and AMD RX480 8GB. The game runs great so far with every setting cranked to max with a typical stutter every now and then, and not a single crash as of yet, and thats with me reaching Level 10 with 2 characters and almost every raid completed.Now down to the brass tacks.The game uses the same engine as Payday2, so you can expect the game to look very similar in that aspect, could the the graphics be better in todays age of gaming? Of course, but graphics should not sway you from playing a game if its fun.Cons:- Enemy AI is nothing to be impressed with, typical horde style, with slow reactions to the player.- The graphics are not great.- Bugs every now and then. (Have not encountered a game breaking bug as of yet)- Not many guns to be used. (some are class restricted such as the shotgun and mosin nagant etc.)- Some raids are very dull when it comes to instructions and can get you confused at times.- Stealth is very minimal and somewhat discouraging to use.(cons will be removed/added based on updates and patches)Pros:- The Raids are designed well, and are fairly interesting (You can shoot down bomber planes in a flak cannon on one ofthem, and drive the kubelwagon around while doing mission objectives)- The class & upgrade system is simple, as are the unlocks.- The card system for additional challenges during every raid.- John Cleese and the little cutscenes with Hitler after every raid are greatly done- Old School Feel (due to the time period)- Great amount of day 1 contentTo some it up, people jumped in thinking they were getting a payday 3 experience but were wrong, its a completely different game.The amount of content and things to do at launch is much better than how Payday 2 turned out at launch, and if you played around the time it came out, you know it was a complete mess. Not to mention its had 5 years of a development cycle, with rehauls and cluster♥♥♥♥s of DLC's and microtransaction taking place throughout its life span.This game has been out for only a day and no-one is giving it a chance, when Payday 2 had a worse experience at the start and look where its at now. Its not like the Payday 2 launch heists were impressive at all, they were typical and quite boring, the people saying the raids are boring and dull are the ones who started playing payday 2 after launch when they added new heists to the table.I have no idea what the dev's plan to do for further content, and if it will be free or not, only time will tell.I have played this game for a bit and I am enjoying almost all of it, sure some things need to be reworked or checked out but as a person who loves WW2 style games, this is it for me.Just give the game a chance, just like what we did for Payday 2 back then, if you dont like it now, just wait for a sale or check back on it in a few months, hopefully things will be better then, and you will enjoy it just like I am now."
,Recommended,414740,35228752,Posted: 26 September,all,Mr.Sharkieeeee,"Nice game, nice gameplay, nice audio text from kurgan I like this game very much!"
76561198044326092,Recommended,414740,35262486,Posted: 28 September,all,1.2.3 ! alex,Great shooter game with oldschool feeling!.
,Recommended,414740,35238694,Posted: 27 September,all,Mushy-93,Payday 3: Nazi Boogaloo.What's not to love?
,Recommended,414740,35242588,Posted: 27 September,all,perTknurqS,It's some good♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,414740,35253799,Posted: 27 September,all,Patrick Star,dont buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥. this game is just like payday 2 but more worse.. better play payday.. preorder just to play this♥♥♥♥♥♥i wish i could refund this♥♥♥♥♥♥. it not worth it..
,Recommended,414740,35322281,Posted: 29 September,all,The Lone Strider,Beauty is in the eye of the beholder.
76561198024017160,Not Recommended,414740,35461192,Posted: 3 October,all,☭[22ND]☭CL1NT-E4sTw00DXx,"Dirty ballsack/10. Was expecting a World War 2 version on Payday, instead got this unpolished turdJIMMIES = RUSTLED"
76561198380489932,Recommended,414740,35353838,Posted: 30 September,all,Nick Crompton's Babushka,Alright before i say anything yes i think you should buy raid ww2 and yeah its a bit buggy but so was payday 2 it was the same when it came out it was a game no one liked now look at it its now one of the more popular games right now and yeah the game has the same machanics as payday but it pulls it of very diffrently you cant by attachments you have to earn them there are classes now just skill trees you have missions that can be unlocked by rewords i hope even with my broken grammer you understand you need to give this game a try cause after you play enough you see it was just how payday 2 was when it first came out
76561198042482974,Not Recommended,414740,35434889,Posted: 2 October,all,tkdmaster777,Dont let anyone fool you....this game is pretty bad
,Recommended,414740,35329786,Posted: 30 September,all,ArticWolf,"After 8hours of playing this game i still really enjoy it, yes there are things that need fixing and the devs are on top of this.PAYDAY CLONE = NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOPAYDAY GAME MECHANICS =VYESSo raid uses a few payday mechanics and rightly so taking the best elemnts that worked with payday 2 and putting there on twist on it.So much content on releaseYes you get so much CONTENT release compared to The payday franchies games which i still love playing.if your a massive fan off fps and world war shooters, check this out!"
,Not Recommended,414740,35233365,Posted: 26 September,all,Rowow,"Its a much buggier payday 2 with less features. There are 4 classes with 2 guns in each one, you unlock more as you level up, but thats after hours of gameplay. No attachments or customizations on the guns. Same goes with the class, you are forced into a set of perks that useless and make no difference. So playing loud is literally the same thing over and over, point and click, start a fire or two, wait for escape.So how about stealth? Impossible to play. People walking through walls, people seeing you through walls, and countless other bugs. They ran a beta that only lasted a few weeks. Then had a few more weeks of break before final release. Yet I dont see a difference before and after final release. Its 2017 and apperently its ok for developers to release comepletly buggy games.How about the content? None. Only a dozen or so missions, all the same thing. Go in, start a fire, wait, shoot something with a AA gun, do something else, then wait for escape. Over and over, with each hiest being in some sort of that varient. But to be fair they did just release the game, but knowing the developers, be prepared to put down hundreths of dollars for DLC content.Compare this to payday 2 which had drills, meth, moving train robberies, stealth for almost every mission, and so forth. This is just boring repetative crap. No pre heist planning, no deployables, no armor, no fun. Excpect to run around opening crates for health packs and ammo."
,Not Recommended,414740,35237439,Posted: 27 September,all,Blue,I've refunded two games on here. This is one of them.
,Recommended,414740,35359936,Posted: 30 September,all,DignifiedPeach,"Wow, I didn't realize how terrible Nazi Germany was until some of their footsoldiers unplugged my transmission line. 10/10 great history lesson!"
,Recommended,414740,35332506,Posted: 30 September,all,PsyChuan,"Enjoyable shooter. Feels more like Payday: The Heist than Payday 2. Characters are fun. Only issue is the glacial progression system.Has a lot of potential, and is fun enough for now."
,Not Recommended,414740,35278178,Posted: 28 September,all,Acebats,Charging full retail for what is essentially a Payday 2 mod.Good to see Lion Game Lion succeed where Bethesda failed.Edit 1: You know a game is successful when a moderator is spending time to try and discredit reviews instead of playing the game.
,Recommended,414740,35248455,Posted: 27 September,all,RoboRexton,"For ♥♥♥♥s sake, graphics are not a selling point of this game.  You don't see people going onto retro titles saying ""Wtf!  It's 2017 we can have better graphics than this!""The core gameplay in this game is fantastic.Character interaction is amazing.Level design is beautiful.I can go on with this list, but you get the point.Lion Game Lion is composed of amazing devs that really do listen to the community.  The way they're handling this game is great.The game exceeded my expectations tremendously."
,Recommended,414740,35344921,Posted: 30 September,all,Kagezda,"Wow, lots of hate for this game. Sorry RAID.Before I start, I'd like to reinforce the fact that I don't search for flaws in games, and am bad at focusing on them most of the time. This review was written just after the very first update, and I have had 347 hours of prior experience to Payday 2, the chronological sequel after Payday: The Heist, which I'll get to in a bit.So! You've decided to look at the reviews for RAID: World War II! More accurately, you've probably decided to check the box where you look for good reviews, buried under the heaping piles of negative reviews.RAID: World War II is a game set in... you guessed it, World War II. The person who gives you new missions (John Cleese) later becomes the butler in Payday 2's safehouse, therefore placing this before Payday. Game mechanics wise, Payday and RAID are similar, but not the same. Allow me to elaborate. Raid is, instead of stealing from Banks, people, and stores like Payday, about stealing from or crippling the Nazi regime. The lockpicking mechanic is no longer ""hold the button until the door opens"" but instead a ""Press the button when the circle rotates around, and the opening is over the lockpick."" This can be quite challenging for some, especially if you have not put skills into increasing the size of the openings. Skills, right! Let's get into those.The skill tree is overwhelmingly simple. Every level you are presented with three choices for where to put your skill point (sometimes only one), and you may cross over the same skills in later levels. Each point placed into something adds percentage to it, getting higher as you level it up. This is ludicrously different from Payday, where you either unlock or ace  skills, selecting from five different skill trees. To reset your tree, you use stolen Nazi gold. Now, gold is the main currency for Raid. It isn't used for buying weapons, as those are unlocked (and their modifications unlocked by getting kills with them) but instead used for resetting your skill tree, buying cosmetic items to equip onto your character, and purchasing various upgrades to your camp, your Payday safehouse. Gold is only obtainable through missions that you find the briefings to in other missions, meaning that you can't just redo the Treasury mission and get tons of gold. Instead, you must find special missions where your gold is not given to the resistence. As far as I know, you cannot unlock gold by paying for it with those hard earned dollars shoved inside that bank account.But I'm rambling about the basic interfaces and game mechanics, let's go ahead and talk about the action!In Payday 2, you were allowed to choose from a variety of different play styles, thanks to the skill tree. You could be a light armored character who ran to dodge bullets, or you could strap on every heavy object within reach and saunter around like a walking aircraft carrier, making Dozers cry as you dispenced anti-justice upon everything alive. In RAID, forget about armor. This was a more basic time in war, and as an undercover operative, you don't have a large, fairly angry rhinoceros to strap to your chest. You have the ability to equip different jackets or shirts, combined with different pants. There is no armor in this game, and no bonuses from clothing. (at this time, at least.) You are not allowed to bring equipment on heists either, making it an absolute necessity to carefully search the map for crates - that have a chance of being locked - for supplies. This also opens up new opportunities to grab dog-tags (the more you collect, the better your ""Payday"" will be, allowing better experience boosts or clothing items) and loot items. (Every loot item you collect gives progress to a bar that gives you ONE nazi gold upon being filled)This can make a firefight challenging. As soon as you run out of healing items in the nearby crates, your health dips down more and more as waves of enemies crowd around with submachine guns, firing round after round into your poor, innocent face, who only wants to be loved. Have no fear, however, as you have an escape card!Ever played Overwatch? That nice, shiny Q button that decimates the enemy team, or changes the tide of a battle if pushed at JUST the right time? Well, welcome to RAID, where you've got one too! My only experience with it has been the sniper class, as this is the one I've played the most. It immediately locks on to the first target your crosshairs pass over, and with a shot or two, they're dead. It lasts for a certain period of time, and allows perfect accuracy right on the chest of whoever you shoot. Of course, this is one of the four ""Warcries"" in the game, though I have no experience with the others.In short, this is most certainly a Payday game. There is no shame in a company making a chronological sequel to their own game in the same way that Payday 2 was made. Driving, carrying bags, weapon modifications, and different heists are all there, just waiting to be experienced, and there's no shame in considering to support RAID. I consider it a game that is worth more than the negative reviews say, as its systems really are not the same, or inherently worse than Payday.TL;DR (Because I know you really don't care what that entire mountain of text says)Pros:-Better Lockpicking!-You gotta love those driving sequences!-6 day missions, are you kidding me?!-Epic Warcries-Lots of roasted Nazi buns-Promising base for a game that will undoubtedly be worked on even more overtime-Much more challenging stealth (No silencers that I know of, get your knives out, though the alarms must be triggered personally by a guard, and there are no pagers or cameras. In a way, it may be a lot less challenging, but I know you loved throwing cards to kill guards, or shooting them with your pistol.)-""I met a nazi fellow once. A bit shy at first, but then... he was all over me."" -Sterling, occassionally upon killing somebody.Cons:-Not an overwhelming amount of missions, though I am positive that this will be expanded upon.-Small amount of guns at the moment. (However, they're adding more, and each gun must be used a lot to get different mods. Do you want 55 guns that you have to work on each to make them good?)-AI can glitch at times, though I've only had one scenario where the AI were stuck somewhere as I was downed.Also, for those people who say enemies can't hit anything, I would like to restate that I have had 347 hours in payday, and I have been downed multiple times on the normal difficulty. They can, you just need to give the game more of a chance. Levels always start out slow, then get more involved.Thank you for reading, or at least looking at the pros and cons!"
,Recommended,414740,35229382,Posted: 26 September,all,Gaige,"The game will be much like PAYDAY 2 i think.The launch will be a bit iffy with some bugs and such but soon enough it will become a great game. It has the potential, it only needs a bit more time.I think that the gunplay is great and you can really feel the power of the weapons you decide to use.But the idea of finding small objects to get better loot is ridiculus to me, to the point where i would have rated this as neutral. but i suspect they will change this soon.Also i am a bit sad my player data didn't transfer from the beta..."
,Not Recommended,414740,35234975,Posted: 26 September,all,runtcash,Just awful feels like I'm playing an old ps2 game. Make payday 3 please but actually try this time
,Recommended,414740,35343297,Posted: 30 September,all,I'm So Depressed And Sick,"I've played several raid until the game freezes at loading screen.Overall: Welcome to Payday 2 WWII Edition, fellas!"
76561198075885591,Recommended,414740,35251805,Posted: 27 September,all,|MRDRS| Reznec,"Avoid reading the ""thumbs down"" posts. They're not worth reading. They've given up on the game's potential to grow.The game RAID: World War II is a game changer. It's a mixture of stealth and loud gameplay. It's still a fun game to play. The controls are setup perfectly. The graphics are amazing. I didn't expect that you can drive around in this game so happy about that. John Cleese is awesome and funny.When people complain that the weapons are downgraded from Payday 2... this isn't modern times. Of course the weapons are downgraded because the weapons only exist back in the day. Don't expect the weapons to be overpowered back in World War II. Just play the game and have fun with it. For people who love Payday 2, go and play your heists and quit whinning about RAID: World War II. It just came out, ya know. Give it time! I'm sure that it'll be the best game you have ever owned. I'm not giving up on this game or the developers who made this game possible for us!"
,Not Recommended,414740,35239015,Posted: 27 September,all,Nix,It looks and feels like a 5 yo game.No... it's not positive.Refund.
,Recommended,414740,35345763,Posted: 30 September,all,Kebab Removal Service,its the same thing as payday 2 goys trust me
76561198050613721,Recommended,414740,35240270,Posted: 27 September,all,extremekieran,After seeing the reviews of this game I was annoyed to see that so many people are comparing it too Payday 2... It may be done by the same people but you've got to get your head around it's not payday 2... The game it's self is amazing so far I'd rate it a solid 8/10 my only issue being the enemys eyesight is ridiculous and there is one game breaking point with ladders you cannot get down. Other then that it's a brilliant game and well worth a look at!
,Recommended,414740,35319524,Posted: 29 September,all,AKTMR/Qew,still not good but expect.
,Recommended,414740,35348528,Posted: 30 September,all,Mr Rosen7,Lots of people saying how it's the same game as PAYDAY 2... Which is good as I really enjoy payday 2.
,Recommended,414740,35349023,Posted: 30 September,all,John Cleese,Having a lot of fun with this game. Would definitely recommend.
,Recommended,414740,35271803,Posted: 28 September,all,Lyecrut,re-skin pd2 :D
,Recommended,414740,35251713,Posted: 27 September,all,pavey,8/8 m8
76561198072099018,Not Recommended,414740,35457897,Posted: 3 October,all,RainbowDash_420,"Game is a Heap of♥♥♥♥♥♥wrapped up in money grab lube... run away from this game , overkill will suffer by endorsing this game trust me"
,Recommended,414740,35245803,Posted: 27 September,all,B3AR ! 🐻,Why so much hate ?
,Recommended,414740,35305568,Posted: 29 September,all,Arthunik,"very fun game, recommend it"
,Recommended,414740,35408306,Posted: 2 October,all,eddie.ehrlich,"So, should I recommend this Game?All in all I would say yes.The Graphics aren't up to date so if you care about that this is not your Game.The Gunplay and Characters are pretty great.There are 13 Maps. That isn't a lot but it isn't too bad either. It's about what Call of Duty Games Launch with. Even though this doesn't have Campaign it is also less expensive then a Full Price Game.For me the Game runs great on highest settings. My Graphics Card is a 280x so it's not a Beast. When reading the Reviews it seems like a lot of people have Problems with Crashes, Enemy Pathfinding and Lag. I haven't had a single Crash in 34 hours, Enemy Pathfinding is slightly buggy but not that and I haven't experienced any significant Lag. I might just be lucky though.The biggest Problem right now is the Grind to level up. But the Developers seem to be really engaged with the Community and will probably change that rather sooner than later.  So if you don't like Grind maybe you're better off waiting a few patches.Lastly the Price. I think that the Price is fine. Yes, it is 37€. But that does not make it a Full Price Game. Full Price Games are 50, 60 or even 70€ if you are on Console. And if the Developers keep their Promises and continue making Content I'm pretty sure I will easily get 500 hours out of this Game. Which is worth it to me. If it isn't for you then don't buy, but I doubt you'll find a cheaper just released Game that isn't Indie made."
,Not Recommended,414740,35231805,Posted: 26 September,all,Phil,NAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH
,Recommended,414740,35241316,Posted: 27 September,all,RaMb0RO,"A very good game,in my opinion is better than payday.....same engine but looks great,good gameplay(yea maybe some bugs in stealth or that they can shoot you through some walls but that will be fixed no problem^_^).I recommend this game....lets say 8/10"
,Recommended,414740,35241008,Posted: 27 September,all,Nemesis($),Payday 1/left 4 dead 1 meets WW2. Ok game but the AI could use a lot of improvement.
76561198007394386,Recommended,414740,35405268,Posted: 1 October,all,Upgrade to Max,"Its payday in world war 2. Yes it has less content then payday and worse graphics but I like it, DLC will probobly come out and full fill the game. People are giving way to much hate."
,Recommended,414740,35306170,Posted: 29 September,all,Culain,"This game is great, and does not deserve all the hate it got. Of course there is not a lot of content right now. Of course there are bugs. But there will be more content, and they are working hard on fixing the bugs. The negative reviews for the most part are entirely unjustified."
76561198020397820,Recommended,414740,35412763,Posted: 2 October,all,Murmel,"Really fun game! Beyond expectation!If you look past the graphics, this is really enjoyable! Especially if you play with your friends. The development team are a huge plus, they listen to the community and work their asses of to make this game better and better! I think i will enjoy many hours in this game!"
,Recommended,414740,35237985,Posted: 27 September,all,Hyena,Like Payday 2 but fun
76561198047925712,Recommended,414740,35239352,Posted: 27 September,all,BergbauerMuesli,"I played a lot the beta of RWWII and this Game is Awesome =)idk about Grafik and Bugs! I like the Gameplay and the fakt thad is a Co-Op Shooter where you can Kill nazis and SS Germans.--The Hitler Scenes are funny ""pass auf das Hund nicht wieder in den Park scheißt"" beste!#Pre order (special Edition)"
76561198126652766,Recommended,414740,35248838,Posted: 27 September,all,Ragnar,"It's Like If COD World At War, And Payday 2 Had A Child, And It Was Named RAID: World War II.In my opinion, this is a really cool game, and as the payday games its best to play with friends, but there are some things that get you to wonder ""Why...?"".For example, the nazis, are the re-skinned cops from Payday 2. Same moves, just a bit more agressive.Now, the graphics are not the best, it stayed like it was in Payday 2 but, thats not a big problem IMO , because  as we all know, graphics do not make a better game.I have played one mission, and I already know how good times will we have with my friends.Im positve about the game, and guys..., dont worry about the weapons, I know its not too much, but as we all know Payday 2 has a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of Weapon DLC's , and this game will probably have like 60 DLC's too.So just chill and wait for the developers to release them."
76561198084668209,Recommended,414740,35228581,Posted: 26 September,all,Jakdoska,"Now I've only played one raid since the full release, making sure it wasn't one from the beta, and I gotta say this game has improved a lot since the beta. The beta was barely even scratching the surface of this game. LGL did a good job since the beta fixing the issues and hope they keep bringing forth good content."
,Recommended,414740,35229669,Posted: 26 September,all,Darkshield,"Vast improvement since the beta, been having great fun with it so far. Are the criticisms you've probably heard already valid? Most likely. It has all the charms and quirks of the Diesel engine.But by God, despite all that, I've been having fun. There is a LOT of mission variety, and couple it with the enjoyable gameplay means that I'll be playing this one for a long time.The asking price is currently a bit steep, something they'll hopefully take notice of, but regardless of when you pick it up, you'll likely enjoy your time with it.At the very least even if you don't, please don't clog the thread and review sections with yet another 'weww the game uses the diesel engine' thread. We are all aware of this. It is very much the elephant in the room."
76561198073529182,Recommended,414740,35228913,Posted: 26 September,all,Dead meme,This game is really fun and satisfying! More different than pd:th and pd2 idno why people call it pd2 or pd:th copy.Edit: People who downrated it they didnt even bother to play full new raid ww2. They just saw how terrible it was on beta...
76561198069347127,Recommended,414740,35237293,Posted: 27 September,all,DICK8=D,"best game ever! great maps, smart AI, nice guns. I love this game! 100% is game of the year!2007-9-27"
76561198006709435,Recommended,414740,35228138,Posted: 26 September,all,--=Thunder=--,"Much improved since the beta, great work LGL.Suggested improvements (Will add to the list along the way)- The sound for the M1 Carbine needs to be looked into, it truly sounds like a pea shooter.- The AI should not try to revive if another player has already initated a revive.- When someone joins misc sound should cut out, only music.Gunshots and the like will get stuck in a loop while the new person loads."
,Recommended,414740,35228307,Posted: 26 September,all,Spoopy Spooples,It's Payday: The Heist's Difficulty mixed with a bit of PAYDAY 2's MechanicsBasically it's what everyone wanted PAYDAY 2 to be
76561198340637093,Recommended,414740,35227910,Posted: 26 September,all,DannyBoi,I love it
76561197983829538,Recommended,414740,35227911,Posted: 26 September,all,fonboegroff,If u like payday 2 u will like this game!8/10
,Recommended,414740,35231390,Posted: 26 September,all,joe,gud
,Recommended,414740,35398538,Posted: 1 October,all,big nice,boo hoo. boo hoo hoo. i can't run it. boo hoo.still good game
76561197969774529,Recommended,414740,35228133,Posted: 26 September,all,lunitic,Steal gold from Adolf and kill his men.. Make a warcry and just go bananas. Enjoying it..
,Recommended,414740,35227972,Posted: 26 September,all,GodsFavorMe,"Do you like Shooting nazis?Do you like Stealth?Do you like getting rich?Then this game is for you. A fun game that is similar to l4d2 and Payday: The Heist.Fun combat, entertaining missions, mayhem and more. Definitely recommend. :)"
,Recommended,414740,35226945,Posted: 26 September,all,B〄F Altonator,"Welcome to RAID everyone!Now before we get into any further detail i would just like to express this game is VERY similar to payday.Depending on your point of view that could be good or bad.Personally as a player with almost 2k hours in payday2 i'm sure i will love this game. If you are an avid payday fan i'm sure you will too.Also just as a WARNING!If you buy the special edition you will no longer get payday2.LGL very sneakily removed it from the promotion, and didn't even reduce the price!http://steamcommunity.com/app/414740/discussions/0/1495615865231900590/?tscn=1506449659I thought the beta leading up to this games release was brilliant.I definitely got flashbacks to my first days on payday.RAID seems like 1 massive payday DLC to me, i'm also guessing the playerbase will be 90% payday fans because of this.The combat is very good, you have to be careful and take cover. You can't just run everywhere and expect to still be alive.And of course, the first thing i had to do in the game was buy the luxury toilet!http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1148009103Magnificent!My only concern is the engine. Why did they stick with diesel?Perhaps it was easier to port some payday mechanics over idk.But IMO that's just lazy.Anyways, if you loved payday i'm sure you will love this too.If you didn't love payday well, i'm not sure if this will be your thing."
76561198056133417,Recommended,414740,35227018,Posted: 26 September,all,sami_m,"Amazing and fun game, i fully recommend to play with friends, very actionpacked and adrenalinepumped"
,Recommended,414740,35227301,Posted: 26 September,all,616,10/10 would kill nazis again
,Recommended,414740,35226327,Posted: 26 September,all,🆂🅰🅸🅽🆃 Gamingston,nEEEEEEEEEEEEED MEDICAL SUPPLIES
,Recommended,414740,35229658,Posted: 26 September,all,Pseudolukian; Birthday in 3 days,"EDIT: The latest patch convinced me otherwise!My review was a complaint about RAID being unplayable past Normal difficulty and the often abundant amount of crashes that plague this game (even though i've never had one so far, my friends often had to deal with them) - and on 4th of October, the Hard difficulty was tweaked and balanced + another batch of crash fixing!Seems like they'll be delivering new content (weapons) soon, atleast this week there will definetly be one gun.But keep in mind, only buy this when it gets on SALE. It is still not worth the 40 bucks."
