user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197971194991,Recommended,414950,19899200,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,-G- Midnight Lasers,"As an indie gamer and fan of space games, this title delivers!There are many aspects you will find familiar from titles like Space Rangers 2, Gratuitous Space Battles, and SPAZ, but it brings its own unique take on space and combat to classify it as a game of its own. I’ll break down this review into two categories to fit the meta.WHY YOU WILL PURCHASE THIS GAME:The combat is extremely satisfying! This alone makes this title worth playing.Ship control doesn't feel like you are skating on ice, and you have the option to have your weapons auto target, or manual fire for reduced energy consumption. You can find NPCs on various planets to join you, and the AI and control options are simple and effective. Getting credit for kills means getting the last hit, which gives a sense of accomplishment for good timing.The game is designed to be simple, so it isn’t overwhelming to get started, but there is enough depth in character development, knowledge of enemies, and ship design to keep it from getting stale.There are three sizes of ships, with a fair many hull choices to suit different play styles including faction specific ships. Weapon selection is medium, but each weapon type has its own damage, range, rate of fire, shot speed, etc to differentiate it from the other types. There are slots for engine, shield, armor, and other mods on ships that further develop how well it performs. Ship progression happens fairly fast but leaves plenty of room for late game speccing.Trade is as simple as buy and sell based on prices in different sectors, and delivering goods that are scarce to regions in need. How well a faction is doing is directly related to trade and piracy, so you can affect your allies and enemies by making the right deals.The Game Developer is super activein patching bugs, fixing game data, and updating with new and improved content. This is a great thing because while this game is good as is, it will be AMAZING with more work.WHAT IS BEING WORKED ON/COULD USE IMPROVEMENT:Of the three character starts, being a pirate isn’t really a viable option. Pirates aren’t a true faction currently and I can’t see how they fit into the game from a progress standpoint. They are mostly just there to mess with factions and block trade/military.Combat is what it’s all about. Being a trader and mining are great things to do, but ultimately lead to a life of killing.The greatest untapped resource in this game is the RPG elementthrough quests that begin on planets. The only quests I have encountered are through or related to the NPCs you can get in your squad. I would love to see a robust level of chat dialogue, quests, and other happenings that would add immersion to this universe. Cut scenes, NPCs, unique bosses, and challenges outside of the typical skirmishes. No planet should be a boring port with little more than a few generic commodities to trade for. Give me enemies and allies that I can love or hate. At the moment picking a faction is just a choice and I don’t feel the struggle between them.Like the pirate faction, the Zerker faction needs developed. They don’t own any space, and while I love how they behave in combat, they are just a bit too mysterious and lack any influence on the map.Star Systems are all the same layout. I would love to see varied sized systems, with multiple planets and varied locations for planets on the map.That’s my $0.02 on this title. Come for the combat, stay for the continual development."
76561198009347849,Recommended,414950,19706319,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Jagyr,"I've played all the space action rpgs out there and each one has it's own flavor and feel. This one seems a lot closer to the ""choose your own story"" kind instead of the ""hold your hand until you're op and you save the universe"".Fun game, takes a bit of time to get into and has a few minor annoyances, but the dev is super responsive (literally took him 4 minutes to respond to and give me a fix for a bug)My first hour in the game was basically spent dieing as a hunter. I did the trading thing for a while, and once I got the merchant guild access it got a lot easier... but I wanted to be a hunter.So in learning the combat system I spend a lot of time running around dieing, until I get the feel for the combat system. Now that I'm able to hit ships without the auto aim my dps has risen and I'm starting to pull in cash. Hopefully now I can start exploring and finding out new things about the game.A minor gripe is that the starter hunter ship has shotgun weapons... but not enough speed to keep close to pirate ships who have long range weapons. This means you have to do some fancy flying to keep pace."
76561198016984943,Recommended,414950,19790503,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Bankoleva,"I've played about 40 hours in 4 days... yeah the game is that good and that much fun.What you should know...- The game is seriously fun and engaging. Active control use and not a casual point and click type of game.-  There are several creative twists and new mechanics to the game that stands it out from predecesors like SPAZ, SR2 and EV. BTW they are really well done and good changes.- It's done by 1 independent dev, so doesn't have the big company polish of voice over by actors or a thousand micro options.- The dev is highly engaging and proven he's willing to take community input by putting out around 6 patch and updates all community driven.- serious RPG elements with 36 skill, multistacked. You need 119 skill points to master the whole tree and you only get 1 skill point per level. The tree goes through some level unlocks but by level 18 EVERY skill is open for you to pick and choose without restriction. No word on a level cap. So pretty expansive.-There's also a galaxy map for conquest, 3 major factions, 4 minor factions and 1 ultimate kill everything alien faction.-LOTS of potential and future plans. This is a game that in it's current state has replay value but with the future planned features will definitely me back for sure.Worth the buy in spades."
76561198023962109,Not Recommended,414950,19723343,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,8765409,"I really really really wanted to enjoy this game, as top down space shooters are one of my favorite types of game. Unfortunately there is nothing that this game gives that is not simply done better by another game.First off, the UI for the game is completely offputting and at times terribly obstructing.The combat feels like a stripped down version of the combat from Starsector, but you are actively encouraged to avoid combat in the first few hours of the game because enemy ships will completely outclass you, and you only get credit for scoring the last hit on enemies. Good luck with that when there are several other NPC's in the area fighting the same ships as you as you actively avoid having fun.Trading in the game is a weak version of what is found in Escape Velocity or Endless Sky, again marred by the lack of information in the UI.The ships, while looking good offer little to no real variety, as you will simply be going for more/bigger turrets, more/bigger missiles, and more health. The dynamic That can be found in games like escape velocity, starsector, or SPAZ is completely lost here as in those games players could play with different playstyles based on their ship type and weapons, from fighters, to capitol ships, or somewhere inbetween with each ship having strengths and weaknesses. Mind you those systems hint at being in place in Star Nomad 2, but are either poorly implemented to the point of being irrelevent or not implemented at all.There is simply no reason to purchase this game over any other game in the genre. If you like the genre, look for Endless Sky, Escape Velocity Nova, Starsector, SPAZ, or Gimbal."
,Recommended,414950,20200216,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,ATR,"This is actually a pretty nice game. It's got a classic arcade feel to it; add to that a ton of variety in ships, systems, wares and guns, and it's also seriously replayable.I like the way you can just *exit* and come back to it later; no messing around with save game files and churning through menu screen after menu screen to actually get into the game or exit it.There are one or two minor things I'd love to see changed/added, but it was definitely worth buying.Things I'd like to see:1. When docking, changing the tick and cross icons to have an opaque background. Certain planets make it difficult to see the small tick box due to their textures and palette.2. Some customisation of ship colour schemes; a simple *two colour* thing would do, like Homeworld.3. Greater variety of additional ship systems; the pool seems to be somewhat small compared to the weapon pool.4. Greater variety of weapons, especially missiles. What abour rockets? Something that trades guidance for extra damage?Anyway, still worth it."
,Not Recommended,414950,32245521,Posted: 7 June,all,Dies Tragically,"If you want a nice 2d space sim where your can spend the odd hour shooting up pirates, this is a fine game. I actually like the combat, it reminds me of Beat Hazard. The problem comes when you hit late game. I'm 45 hours into a playthrough, level 55 of 60, and NOTHING I DO MATTERS!This game is so well balanced that winning is all but impossible. Conquest is carried out one system at a time, in fleet battles. When you fight in a fleet battle, you're allies have a handicap because you showed up. Instead of your elite squad tipping the scales and sweeping through your enemies, your allies are turned to cannon fodder while you desperately try to wittle down the enemy to a managable size before you and your squad are the last ones on the map. Even this would be tolerable if the game would let you defend a system that way, BUT NO if your allies all die, the system is lost, YOU DON'T COUNT! And suppose you do manage to defend a system? Say hello a second enemy fleet before you can even reload your missle bays.So the solution is to stay on the offensive, right? WRONG, your allies are too busy to reinforce you when you assult a system. Oh, sometimes they show up, but don't count on it. If you've reduced an enemy to only a couple systems, THEY GET A BONUS! And yes, they will manage to push you back time and time again.This game is so balanced that the player is reduced to an ineffectual cog, at the mercy of the RNG. As powerful as you are, your enemy will be just as powerful. As much as you help your allies, the two front wars will screw you over every time. You don't have the information or the tools to turn the tide, and while you may get your money's worth of enjoyment, a fun beginning will lead to a frustrated end."
76561198007272933,Recommended,414950,19757383,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,TimeLorde,"This is one of the best games I've played in quite a long time and is definitely worth the price!The basics are that it's a 2D top down space game where you start out as a merchant/bounty hunter/pirate and follow your role from there.  You can choose to smuggle illegal goods, track down pirates for bounty, help out struggling planets by solving trade crisis for required goods, and eventually join one of the 3 factions that are always in a constant state of war!Space Nomad 2 is a very difficult game to master and I can see myself putting tens of hours into it with multiple play throughs as each class/faction offers a wide variety of different weapons/ships to utilize.The pirate faction is fascinating as you raid merchants/factions, avoid hunters, all while trying to smuggle in illicit trade goods to planets, causing them to become addicted to your sweet contraband and crippling their economies so your pirate friends can raid even further into faction territories.The developer is amazing in that he responds to everys ingle forum post promptly, fixes bugs within days of them being reported, takes user feedback and suggestions on features and strives to implement things that seem like they will improve the game, and puts out his own updates/ideas frequently.This game hasn't been out for very long, but if these trends continue, I know I'll be playing this game for the foreseeable future."
76561197973473817,Recommended,414950,19739691,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Noobih,"I'm a sucker for these kinds of space games, so it was inevitable that this would end up in my library after I saw it show up on Steam the other day. Been playing it and enjoying it immensely so far. It shares some gameplay similarities swith SPAZ, Void Expanse, and Endless Sky.The skill and module systems really do make a significant difference in how a ship performs in a given role. Early on, I went the route of utility and speed, and my corvette (the lightest class of ship) was soon easily outmaneuvering even enemy corvettes. The choices are permanent, with no option to respec, so it forces you to consider all your options and plan it out, though I haven't encountered a ""level cap"" thus far, so it seems like eventually you'll be able to allocate points in most if not everything.The gameplay itself is very fluid, especially in how the ships handle. With a bit of practice and well timed use of the hyperdrive boost, even a larger ship can manually dodge incoming fire. Starting out can be a bit rough for newcomers though, as the starter ship is very weak offensively, and the game employs a killing-blow system for awarding experience and money. One thing that bothered me early on was the lack of smaller-scale encounters. Most of the time, pirates enter a system in groups of 6 or more, which will easily make short work of you if you try to stand and fight them on your own. There were very few occasions where I got to fight a smaller skirmish like a 1v1 or 1v2 dogfight. The exception to this seems to be if you play as a pirate yourself (which I haven't tried yet) and attack merchants traveling the outskirts of systems, since they are usually alone, or in a pair occasionally.One mechanic that I rather enjoy, though I could easily see it being a major source of frustration for others, is the friendly-fire system. Thankfully, you and your squadmates can't hit each other, and ALLIED(not merely non-hostile) faction's weapons will go through you harmlessly, but your shots (with the exception of missiles locked on a target) can and will still hit them. By default, your turret weapons are set to auto-fire on your selected target, or the nearest hostile if you don't have anything targeted. Most of the time, they are very accurate at leading their targets, but they don't take into account other ships that happen to be in the line of fire, causing things to get ugly quickly when there are multiple combatants involved. The solution to this is to either meticulously maneuver yourself constantly to keep a clear line of fire, or switch to manual aiming mode. Carefully picking and timing your shots to avoid FF is the obvious perk to this method, but there is also added incentive in the fact that weapons drain 25% less energy when fired manually. If specced and outfitted properly, this allows you maintain weapons-fire almost indefinitely while manuevering, and thus rewarding skillful gunners.On the other hand, I just discovered that, while seemingly weak on paper, drones are very effective as both and offensive and defensive tool. They are very good at drawing fire away from you, and in large numbers can whittle targets down while avoiding most incoming damage. Their AI is surprisingly pretty good when left to their own devices. It seems the developer has taken great pains to ensure several different viable playstyles, which is refreshing to see.I find the game's cyberpunk-esque artstyle rather quaint, and the visual effects are simple but pleasant. The music is also pretty good in general, with different themes ranging from techno-style combat music to get the blood pumping during pirate raids, epic themes for those massive interfaction sieges, brooding, ominous themes while exploring lawless territory, and so on. The UI has its quirks, especially in its ""efficiency"" approach. Sometimes, the lack of confirmation for actions can lead to costly mistakes in the store, or say, instantly quitting the game while trying to back out of a menu, and thus losing unsaved progress. This has already been addressed by others, and the developer was quick to respond. Speaking of which, the developer has been lightning-quick to respond to pretty much everything on the forums, which is nice to see, though I wonder if he will make any progress on the upcoming updates with as much time as he seems to spend answering posts :p"
76561197974798460,Recommended,414950,19748215,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Misfit,"the short version: BUY THIS GAME!!!!!!!amazing 2d space game, like elite:dangerous in 2d (and with better trade mechanics :) )and for a ridiculous low price (yes, im looking at you elite:horizons :) )what really stands out is how fast the developer reacts to the community, he answers nearly every forum post and implements the suggestions just some hours later.support this crazy guy and his fantastic game."
,Recommended,414950,19741416,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,XcuteX,"TL;DR This is a 2-D space game with upgradeable ships and NPC allies. Clever AI and general [Edit: lack of] tedium keeps the game interesting. There was 1 bug found in the first 48 hours by the community, instead of 1000. The way the AI flies leads to insanecrazy space battles! The maker could charge $20-25 and most people who have it would pay the price. Oh, and you die a lot at the beginning.Long Version:Graphics: It's 2-D, so don't expect Call of Duty graphics. But they're acceptable, similar to Gratuitous Space Battles. Turrets go on mounts and nothing looks clunky.Sound: A bit repetitive. I just play music for myself instead, so I'm probably not the best judge.AI: This is where the game shines. You do so much in this game that generally doesn't happen. You help NPC allies win battles, and I mean ""help"" because you are not a force of nature and the NPCs factions are fighting each other way more than piddly 'ole YOU. Compare that to most games where you're basically fighting the enemy solo and your allies only exist as meat shields or to make it harder so you have to defend them. The computer also flies in such a way that every battle is a dogfight and you don't know where they'll go, keeps you on your toes. This is way better than X3 (for those who played) where the AI flies at you, then flies away, turns around, and does it again.Combat (AI2): Combat is structured such that you're rarely a one-ship army. There's huge strength in numbers, and luckily your allies are in many places for you to fight with! There is one problem with friendly fire reducing faction standing bya lot, though that might have already been taken care of. You do a lot of team fighting and kill stealing is a big mechanic in the early game.Exploration: All the systems in the game are known, and the maps are fully explored when you're in system. The reason you explore is to find out what is sold at each station, where you can get that big gun, new ship or new crew member. You can dock on enemy stations, but not while in combat. So you have to be wily to land on a hostile station. This all makes the exploration aspect a lot more engaging.Ships: There are about 30 or so in game, more to be added. They differ by speed, durability, and equippable weapons, essentially. There's enough overlap that each ship doesn't feel so unique as to be alien, but enough distinction to  make you think about choosing your next ship, how it'll blend with your play style, and who you have to kiss up to, to get permission to buy the ship.The Dev's name is Halfgeek, the other half is insomniac. He's probably up around 30 hours a day listening to feedback and making improvements. He replies to just about every message in the flood of messages. Pretty good.Ultimately, as long as you're ok with 2-D graphics, and if you're into space games AT ALL, I'd say it's worth it. (If you do, it's got a steep learning curve, head to the discussions page to get some of the key tips!)"
,Recommended,414950,29112883,Posted: 8 January,all,Kyrros,"This game is basically the spritual successor to Escape Velocity, and it does it's job well.Pros:Highly immersive universeSpace combat is fun and variedMultiple paths and factions to victoryLots of customization for your ships, weapons, and companionsGame has a small learning curve and it's easy to make money after thatCons:Some of the sieging mechanics can be non-intuitiveFirst few hours dealing with the learning curve can be difficultOverall I'd give it a 9/10, well worth the money!"
,Recommended,414950,19890735,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Tastylarry,"A wonderfully done top down space rpg shooter.  Never have done a review for anything but this dev won my heart with great gameplay and rpg system that i havent been so engrossed into since spaz. Starting out was a bit harsh but quick updates by the dev smoothed out the asscension to power. 1st playthrough i burned 30 hours. I feel this game is like spaz and ill be coming back to it in years to come for more trying different spec, ships, and factions."
,Recommended,414950,20155590,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Luigi,"When I picked Star Nomad 2 up, I was immedietly reminded of Space Pirates and Zombies, and I expected as much.  $10 for a fun little top-down space shooter with a lackluster setting and solid, fun gameplay?  Hell yeah.  I got so much more out of it.  The whole universe really feels like its shifting around you, right from the begining.  The Conquest AI features are fun, challenging, and rewarding.  Smuggling is risky, thrilling, and rewarding.  Combat is fast-paced, fluid, action-packed, and loads of fun.  Even playing as a Merchant, trading resources, abusing the market to make bank, and even solving Planetary crisis' like food shortages and rampaging xenos!  The fact that this game is developed by one guy (who is very, very active with his players!) blew my mind when I learned.  You like space games?  HARD space games?  Must buy.  Get it now.  Do it.Word to the wise: This game is HARD.  As diamonds.  On Jupiter."
76561198006456181,Recommended,414950,22697908,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,hjeblome,"If you're like me and enjoy dogfights in space, smuggling pirated wares or just transporting trade goods to make the most profit available, this game is for you.  This top-down space combat/trade scenario gives you everything it promises.  It's a similar feel to an old favorite of mine, Freelancer.  While (obviously) the game play is different given the 2d environment the combat is no less engaging, exciting and challenging.  Star Nomad 2 has a fairly robust trading system that keeps you interested throughout.  This game is definately worth the price of admission.edit: How could I forget?!  The music is great!"
,Not Recommended,414950,19709312,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Rataphract,"This is a tough one, but, I'm going to be returning this one for a refund.It's clearly a good game, but it's got a key problem which makes this one not for me: pacing.In my first hour with the game, I had some fun fighting pirates and all that, but without any obvious method of progression, that hour was also a grindy rinse-repeat cycle of find fight, try and get one or two pirate ships away from the main furball or find a planet where there are enough allies to make the battle potentially worthwhile, get blown up, start again.If you have more patience than I do, it's possible that this is the game for you. But, if like me, you're looking for something you can get into and enjoy from the outset, maybe look elsewhere."
76561198067244543,Recommended,414950,20367749,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Arkice,"A nice game with an active dev that releases updates pretty frequently. There is only a single developer who mentions that this is basically his ""last chance"" so he's all in. I like the odds on that."
76561197986061962,Recommended,414950,22526966,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,TrashMan,"Ok - so jumped into my sprite ship, (trader) flew out, traded a little, pirates turned up, got blasted.Hmph.Reload from last planet you docked at (thank the programmer) and traded. No pirates... kept trading... no pirates... made cash... then the pirates turned up. Died.Hmph.Ok. Either give up or try and survive. And that's when the fun began. If you like a game which is like texas holdem - mainly routine with moments of sheer terror, you'll love this. (one pirate? Easy... pew de pew pew baby... yeah, yeah, die like a good little pirate... Oh? Brought a friend did you? No problems, 5 of us, 2 of you... pew de pew pew baby... Oh? 5? 6? 7? 8? of you??? Hit the thrusters! All hands on deck!! Evasive maneuvers!!! EVASIVE MANEUVERS!!! HOW THE HELL DID I END UP IN THE MIDDLE OF THEM!!!! WE CAN DO... OH NO!!!! I'M DYING LIKE THE SUCKY ♥♥♥♥♥ I AM!!!!!!! ok. maybe not. Now where the hell was that planet with the shield improvements again???)And if you like feeling like the cat that got the cream when you win? Oh yeah, lots of that too.It does actually feel like there's some kind of MASSIVE plot going on behind the scenes... Now I don't know - but if that plot starts to develop? This is going to turn into an Australian: ""You little beauty!"" If not? Well, then it's just a damn fine game.And after 13 hours of play? I just got so much to do (all me driven, not a mission in sight... well, some nutter wanted me to do something... yeah, I'll do that! Like hell I did! Took the money and scarpered!!! Happy days!) - and all the time in the world to do it in... unless the plot starts kicking in hard... Yep, that could mean a restart and playing to the best of my ability. That would basically be me banging a load into my lilly white pants.So... 2D sprites in space. Who knew it could be so much fun?Happy days :)"
76561197990876506,Recommended,414950,20221273,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,LoveLove,"Imagine if Asteroids and Space invaders had a baby. Then this baby caught the eye of Mount and Blade and Star Nomad 2 was born. This is the brainchild of a single developer. He is very involved with Star Nomad 2 and has consistently updated it since its release on 12/15. New content is frequently added and keeps you coming back for more.This is an intricate 2D space sim with a large amount of customization and ships. You navigate with WASD around a galaxy broken into individual levels. You trade, fight pirates, and ultimately join a faction. Once you're in a faction, you can start taking territory from enemy factions to rule the entire galaxy!The dogfights are intense and everything is at stake if you play it on the Roguelike difficulty. (Basically you lose your ship and have to start over while retaining your credits and resources)If you are looking for an open world space RPG with an intense focus on combat and trading, then I highly recommend this title."
,Not Recommended,414950,23576267,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,FicusCat,"I'm not a masochist, but I think being whipped for hours while strapped on a cross will be funnier than playing this game.You start as a nobody with a crappy ship while everyone else will outclass you massively. It wouldn't be a problem if you were able to level up by trading, mining, exploring or doing quest like every kind of similar game. But here the only way to gain xp is by fighting. Which you can't do from the start because of how powerfull everything else is. The only way to gain xp early on ( and in most of the game it seems ) is to give the killing blow to a ship attacked by another NPC. No matter how hard you hit the ship before, only the killing blow will give you xp. BUT NPC will become pissy at you if you steal their kill. Do it one time too much and they will attack you, funny ...Another thing, there is no gun safety, so you need to fire carefully, because if you hit someone you will damage them. And usually a second hit will take a huge chunk of reputation from you and turn them hostile. A third hit? The whole faction is at war against you. And gaining reputation is SLOW. And mostly combat based. Oh and NPC can fire at you by mistake and you just have to shut up, doesn't work both way. Ah a last thing, avoiding friendly fire while dealing the killing blow is really hard when most battles are done by mutliples ships at once, with beams and missiles flying everywhere right from the start of the game.Can't really comment about customizing ships and items, because I was unable to level up and I think most items are hiddens behind a level requisite. And a faction reputation requisite. It's the only explanation I have as to why every station is empty of items and why capital planet only got base weapons and items to sell. But it wouldn't really matter because you also need rare material to BUY weapons and items. Yes, you need to provide money AND materials to buy more stuff. Because you have to provide bricks, cement and money to have workers build your house I suppose. It's another ridiculous mechanic here to gate and slow your progress because these materials are priceys OR mostly mined in system full of pirates.The game isn't fun at all because the only way to progress is to hide far away from the action then have to be lucky enough to find a mostly dead ship you can blow from afar. It's really not my conception of fun at all but it's the main mechanic of this game, you suck and need to kill-steal to progress."
76561198157177894,Recommended,414950,30674862,Posted: 22 March,all,Hussambani,"I played this game for an hour and thought it was pretty cool. Thought to my self I'll play more tomorrow. Next thing i knew i was back playing the game 30 mins later, and played the whole day/night so i ended up missing work! that's how much it actually drew me in.It's a very fun  intense game that'll have you wanting more. The first few hours you have to be very careful as you start with a very small fragile spaceship (going hunter route). so you have do dart in and out trying to score the last hit to get rewards for kills, slowly upgradeing to a more powership. you'll find companions along the way that will aid you in battle which you indirectly control untill you have a full group of battleships!Very fun game worth the money i would recommend to anyone wanting to kill some hours / days.Looking foward to see what this Dev will develop in the future!"
,Recommended,414950,19763970,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Baitang The Bear,"Star Nomad 2. It's like a 2D version of X3 and/or Elite dangerous and that's a good thing!I've been wanting to play a game like this ever since I played a game called ''Fusion Genesis'' on the Xbox 360 arcade which is also a 2D space exploration game with factions but no trading system.There is quite a lot to like about this game but here are a few of my highlights. I'll start with how the trading system, the wars between rival factions and the planets needs are actively changing even when you are not in the same sector. The world feels very alive even when you are not a part of the action!Now the action. When you do get yourself involved in the middle of a faction war, (sometimes not by choice) it can be absolutely frantic! It takes a while to adapt to the situation that arises but once you learn each of the eneny factions' patterns and gear yourself up, you can eventually overcome unlikely odds and it's really rewarding!Speaking of gear, there is plenty! These include: new ships, turrets, missiles, drones, abillities and bonus stats! With this you also have a perk tree which as you level up through killing tradig etc, will earn you skill points which you can allocate to your preference if you meet the points spent requirements. This leaves room for plenty of unique builds to suit your playstyle.Other things I like about this game is the visuals. It's very striking and each of the sectors has a beautiful background. I'd also like to mention that it's easy to see where you are in the world and where shots are fired which makes the game very fair.Now to one of my absolute favourite parts of this game. The music. There is plenty of variety and it suits the world really well but what I absolutely love is when you engage in a battle with an enemy and then the music switches up to really hype you up!________________________________________________________________All in all, I definitely recommend you give this game a go and I do think there is plenty of replay value especially for the price you pay for it. I haven't even got halfway into my goals and still have a lot to learn.I'd also like to mention that the developer of this game has been amazing! He has been very active and listened to player feedback and has even implemented some of the suggestions given in the forums!Pandas are usually known to have a sad facial expression at all times but I'm one of the few in this instance where I have a smile on my face. 🐼"
,Recommended,414950,19764170,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Tobel,"Cute little game. Lacks some depth, but I think it has potential to grow. Out of the box it's still fun but you spend a lot of time flying between systems, staring at nothing."
76561197970374889,Recommended,414950,20404305,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Yargast,"I do like this game. I can be unforgiving at times even on the normal difficulty, what i mean quick death if you arent carefull enought (even it wont be as bad in roque like mode).But in time learning how to play and what to do it start to unfold as fun game. Its essentialy a sandbox so you make the best of it. There random ""events"" and dynamic world around you.Can be be overhelming at start but give it little time.There bit story behind and random quest have got few good random event like funded mining corp what send me ore time to time, that is used to buy better ships / equipment.So if you like quick deaths but you what push on its your cup of tea."
76561198040605879,Recommended,414950,20579156,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Janek,"Having played this game continuously for a couple of days now I can safely say it has checked all my boxes. I'll list out some outstanding features it has that you might want to consider when thinking of buying this game. Scroll down if you don't wish to read for tid-bits.1) It is a top-down space-shooter-simulation. It has 30+ systems, 3 factions, pirates, bounty hunters (crazy guys) and zerkers (mechanoid aliens). Trade is vital in this game, as it affects more than just your wallet, but the faction strength you're trading in.2) You control where you want to shoot, or, let the AI decide for you. I decided to control myself as the game provides a nice bonus to energy saved if you do it manually (Energy is used in firing weapons, engaging engine thrust, hyperdrive etc) It could be challenging at the beginning, but the controls can be easily mastered within a couple of hours.3) Death is especially agonizing in ""Roguelike"" mode where you lose your ship and cargo. Just you and your bank account is left, with an empty new small corvette that you start with. If you like a challenge this is for you. It all depends on your piloting skill andCommon sense. E.g. Not a good idea to fly right into a fleet of ships guns blazing.4) Dev is active and helpful. He engages with the community members and rolls out their ideas. Fixes are frequent too, definitely a + for me.5) This game reminds me of one of my fav space games, Space Rangers with Manual controls. If you like that one you would like this.6) There are no ""Bases"" to build or purchase however. And the pirate faction is just being...piraty. I believe the Dev will be working on them soon.7) Once you begin to upgrade the different modules of your ship (and perhaps buy a bigger one) you can finally throw yourself into some Faction vs Faction action. A screen full of beams, plasma, kinetic shots and missiles is definitely breath-taking. Press Space to pause to catch your breath.I recommend anyone playing this game to have fundying. It is all part of the learning curve, and the normal difficulty have no penalties at all.Short-list of featuresTop-downSelf-controlled navigation30+ systems with wormholes acting as portalsFly Spaceships From Corvettes to the latest elusive Dreadnought (found only in Roguelike diffculty)Skill treeSquadmatesHas Beams, Plasma, Railgun(Kinectic)Trading (or sabotaging with drugs) affects the system, which in turns affect faction strength"
,Recommended,414950,19798256,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Carmine,"Not really big into reviewing games, this is just my 2 cents.- The Dev is really great, communicates with the fan base and releases a steady stream of new content and updates.- If you like games like EVE, Elite dangerous or space games in general, I would recommend you play this game.- Dynamic universe, you choose what you want to do and how, everything you do affects the war between the factions and the state of planets, for example if you start selling illegal drugs to planets their corresponding faction will struggle because the population is high ;), which leads to less productivity towards the war effort, the game has a lot of nice twists.- Simple controls and gameplay but still manages to stay quite tactical and punishing.Not much else to say, though this is one of the few games I have really enjoyed since its release, mostly because of the Devs constant input and fixes :)."
,Recommended,414950,19712649,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,fader48080,With finals going on I have not gotten to sink my teeth into this game as much as I would like. However so far this game has great bones.The pirates are interesting. The flight michanic is tricky but that's the fun concepts like stopping on a dime and hairpin high speed turns should never exist in spaceI enjoy the decent weapon selection and in a game of this nature it is rare to find so many.I love the life pod system it fit well with my character concept.So far the only real gripe I have is I can't  name my ship and even then maybe I can who knows I might have missed it.
,Recommended,414950,19735638,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,SMBF Dove,"It's a little simplistic and limited in scope as it's a small indie project, but it does a decent job of scratching that escape velocity itch that rarely gets fulfilled these days. It has some neat little ideas I'd not seen before and I'd say it's definitely worth a spin if you're a fan of the genre."
76561198096923511,Recommended,414950,19727819,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,They Live,"This is a game that grows on you, under the surface - which you will make experience of the first few hours of gameplay- lies something really deep and meaningful. The whole galaxy is responsive, factions (there are main factions and side factions) actually persecute their objectives and you are part of them with your actions, economy (this is one of the thing this game does good) is dynamic and have consequences.If you like freedom, a real sandbox experience and having fun in the process look no further.Note : -this is a positive feature to me- this game requires you to learn its mechanics before you can fully appreciate all its content, it will not hold your hand. Some people just played it casually for 1 hour and left a bad review : this is not the kind of flashy game (thx god) which you can master in 1 hour."
,Recommended,414950,19797782,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Wolfenheim,"-Very amazing 2D game that fulfills its genre.-Allows players to play the game through several playstyles.-Whether as a merchant trader/bounty hunter/pirate/drug smuggler-Your decisions impact the economy/state of the world. Dev is working on making our actions even more impactful.Pros:*Constant Updates - Already 3 updates to fix bugs/quality of life/increase in content (Dec. 20 2015)*Dev is constantly open to feedback allowing the Star Nomad 2 Players to have some say in shaping/improving the game.*Everything said by other reviewersCons:*At the moment, lack of variety in quest/missions*Lack of Pirate End-Game*Everything said by other reviewers>Sorry for not posting a detailed review, lazy lol.First time I put down a review too (you probably hear this a lot from peeps)Just really appreciate the game, and how the Dev's is dedicate to improving the game <"
76561198029302660,Recommended,414950,32211194,Posted: 5 June,all,Munchiegoat,a steep learning curve but good fun to lose a lot of hours in.
76561197993941602,Recommended,414950,20150231,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,CptBlunt,"This is a fun space adventure/RPG like a mini WIng Commander Privateer game. It's fun and worth the 10 buck in my opinion. Dev keeps adding stuff and I like the new content and weapons.I do wish the universe ""sandbox"" was bigger and I hope the Dev works on this at some point."
76561198043773339,Recommended,414950,20898964,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,24601,"I'm a big fan of shifting scenery in games.  Whether it be randomized quests, randomized dungeon or map layouts, branching character progression, or just getting my character a new haircut.  If a game offers most of the above, I'll take it.Star Nomad manages to offer a level of dynamism and shifting scenery without actually shifting the scenery.  The map is the same everytime, and you're only given a handful of character slots (one for each playstyle, presumably: Merchant, Bounty Hunter, or Pirate.)  To top it off, you're only given a few choices of character portraits.  This is usually a huge barrier for me, as I like making my virtual me just the way I want it.  Nevertheless, Nomad 2 breaks through this barrier easily with emergent storylines, and I hardly ever notice my character's portrait, though I'm mousing over it occasionally to check his stats.There's no 'real' linear story to the game, but that's what sets it apart from most in the arpg-spacesim genre.  You're free to do what you want.  For my part, I played a pirate, setting my sights on the fattest of the empires until they start to crumble, and then switch to attack the next one that appears to be getting too big for it's britches.  Want to be an unscrupulous smuggling merchant, peddling drugs and guns to all the disparate colonies around the galaxy?  Done.  And while you're at it, have fun with the consequences, because every trade has it's drawbacks and effects.There are interesting events such as viral outbreaks, rebellions, blockades, full-blown space battles between factions.  And you can inject your character, whatever he may be, into it however you like.  Run food through a pirate blockade for huge payoff (and risk if you play hard or rogue-like mode.)While I'm on the subject of roguelikes, this is not one, though it may bill itself as such.  Really more of a persistent, single-player space sim with some options for soft permadeath.  In other words, the Rogue-like mode takes away all your things, leaving you with only your body and your bank account, which you can then use to buy a new ship.  If you don't have enough, well then I guess that's actual permadeath, and your character can live out his days herding nerf and praying against orbital destruction.The music is appropriately spacey in sound, with guitar riffs that sound like like an old space-rock band.I've only scratched the surface in my own playthrough as a pirate, but look forward to trying my hand at bounty hunting.  I tried merchant play but to be honest it was a bit bland and tedious, though your mileage may vary.  The interesting part of being a merchant is projecting what places will buy certain items for the most amount of money.  Joining the merchants guild and rising through the ranks can give you an edge in that it will outright tell you how much profit or losses you stand to make running guns from Eon to Betelgeuse.Anyway, in short, good space sim.   It's actually surprised me how much I've been wanting a game like this and hadn't realised that all the other titles I tried were just not fitting the bill.  The developer is very active in the community and in development, with patches coming every few weeks by the looks of it.  I look forward to the future of this franchise."
,Recommended,414950,19710545,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,GanjahRebel,"As of now, it's mechanics are somewhat clunky. But overall it's a great game, if you're into this kind of old school space sims. It reminds me a lot of Space Rangers, As it has no main story but a decent sized galaxy where you can travel and make your own story. But what it does have, story related, is companions which you can help with *their own* stories, which is kind of cool.Worth it for it's actual price, but if you see it on a discount, don't think it twice."
76561197978687461,Recommended,414950,19730733,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Cats,"open world, trading with a real economy (shaped  by events), combat, factions, random events, squads... it's worth 12 dollars, yes.  Probably more.  Especially if the dev keeps working on it and adding features."
76561198042976404,Recommended,414950,35118315,Posted: 21 September,all,max.kanel,This game has a lot more content but still seems worse than Star Nomad 1.First part had something unique in it and the endgame was a lot of fun!This one was fun from the beginning but at the end I was wandering: is that all?I still highly recommend it as one of the best of its kind.
,Recommended,414950,20405512,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,AGraveMind,"Star Nomad 2, a game I've been looking for. growing up Galaga was my favorite arcade game to play. Since then space games have always held a special place in my heart. Recently I had an itch to find a game to put my time into over my winter break, as my college gives us a full month. I tried a free game called Endless Sky, it's free to play. I recommend that game as well. Then I found Star Nomad 2. Everything Endless Sky was trying to accomplish in it's game Star Nomad 2 had already done and then some. The only thing the two games share in common is the level of customization. The depth that SN2 takes the aspects of it's game is very impressive. Halfgeek, the developer of SN2, is an amazing designer. Not only is the game already great, but the content just keeps coming. Even if you find some aspects of the game you don't enjoy Halfgeek is consistently patrolling the community forums replying to suggestions and helping new players learn the ropes.Gameplay in SN2 is as complicated as you make it. You can let the CPU fire your turrets for you, or you can fire them yourself (firing the turrets yourself saves energy that you can use for a speed boost). You can fly lone wolf, or slowly compile a squad of unique characters that have their own stories to tell. You can be a corvette loaded to the teeth with missles and run circles around larger ships, or play a larger ship and laugh as your drones tear apart everything in the sector. The gameplay is only limited by the amount of time you have to put in, as this game does involve some grind for reputation with certain factions to aquire their ships. Traveling in the game can be a chore, as larger ships must move slower. There isn't much of a fast travel system to you end up spending some time trying to boost thought empty systems. This is slightly rememdied by the random encounter system or roaming pirate/pirate hunters. The difficulty in this game is also quite customizable as you it has a rouge-like setting for those that like ""it hurts so good"" gameplay. OR if you're like me and Dark Souls is how you get that fix and other games tend to be more casual, then you can pick hard or easy mode.The story in SN2 is relatively shallow overall. The premise is there and laid out. There's just enough story to let players make a moral decision on who to support and why three factions are constantly at each other's throats. I personally prefer this over a convoluted story for a game like this. I'd rather there be more content gameplay wise for this game as there is only one developer that I am aware of. With only one person to write the story, the issue of them ""ruining"" it by implementing an idea that sounds good them them but ends up resonating poorly with the community is a very possible situation. The story as it stands now is more than adequate. As mentioned before there's just enough for the players to understand what is happening, why it's happening, and what should they do.The full price of this game is very justified at this time. The amount of content and updates the game has recieved since I've purchased the game is on level with triple A titles DLC's. I wouldn't be suprised if the creator decides to bump up the price after a few more months of consistent content drops. Star nomad gets a 8/10, 10 being a game that's never existed."
76561198055186773,Recommended,414950,20551237,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,aksnv88,"This is a 2D space sim. It reminds me of Escape Velocity Nova.The in-game galaxy is split up into a number of systems. Many systems have planets that the player can buy and sell resources from. Other systems have asteroids that the player can mine.There are 3 factions that are at war with each other. There is also one neutral faction and a few minor factions such as pirates or bounty hunters. The player may align with or oppose most factions. The player's actions can cause a faction to be friendly or hostile towards the player.Warring factions gain and lose territory over time. The player may aid one of the warring factions in galactic conquest.The economy is highly dynamic. Various resource crises can occur. The player can aid or hinder a faction's economy. One fun thing to do is smuggling drugs into an opposing faction's world. This can cause economic destitution and encourage piracy.Ships come in different sizes and some ships can only be obtained by being loyal to specific factions. Ships' weapons and defenses can be customized. Weapon types are turrets, missiles, and drones. These types are further broken down into more specific categories such as kinetic, plasma, energy, and others.Combat is easy to jump into and fun. Destruction of an enemy target depends on who gets the last hit. This may sound like a negative, but it actually lowers the barrier of entry for engaging in combat and it makes it more strategic. Even a lowly merchant ship can jump into a large fire fight and ""scavenge"" a kill.There are RPG and RTS element to this game. The player can find a few squad members during their journey. They can command their squad members and level up their skills. The player also has skills that can be leveled up.There are random events that can lead to minor quests. Squad member also have quests. Unfortunately, factions do not have storylines and the minor quests do not really chain together to form something larger.Overall, the game is lots of fun and I highly recommend it to space sim fans."
76561198253033374,Recommended,414950,24524991,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Kohlenstoff,"This game offers alot of content for its price. It has unique artwork, good music and interesting gameplay. The battles can be quite interesting and fun, IF the right weapons and ships are chosen.There are only some minor flaws, especially the lack of a possibility to see mission description again after you get it, so don't click any mission windows away before you noted the location! You will never see it again. I suggest to copy the savegame on your harddisc before you start the missions. In normal game you got just one chance to beat them and if you fail, its permanent (unless you have the mentioned copy of the savegame). The other flaws are only some extra clicks in some parts and a few lacking options and descriptions. Nothing to complain about!Actually this game is quite solid and entertains well. The developer keeps publishing updates and allows free and easy changing and modding possibilities for savegames!!! and properties of many main parts (ships, weapons,..).This game is a must have for people who like playing 2D space games. Its definitly one of the better ones. And this game has been made by ONE person!"
,Recommended,414950,19857745,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,GloryBox,"love the game! very simple straight forward top down, scifi,trader type game with a combat system in place.one could wish for more to do in the cities, but the stuff it does do, it does wellits what you wanted out of old school space trader type games."
76561198004129854,Recommended,414950,20591046,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Raef,"Great 2D space game.  I was skeptical when I first saw it, but after reading some reviews I gave it a try.  40 hours of game play later, it is worth the purchase.  Keep up the good work and updates Halfgeek."
76561198014701198,Recommended,414950,20752817,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Goldenbird,I found this game enjoyable. The menu interface is somewhat hard to grasp i found my self trying to leave town without closing buy/sell menues a lot. Nevertheless this game is fun with lots of choices to make. I think i will replay it to check other skill/ship/weapon/faction combos.It just misses on a fast way to jump from one end to the other of the map (there are hidden warp points though). I loved the new ships too they add to the uniqeness of the factions.Keep up the good work.
76561198056173978,Recommended,414950,24503479,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,icehawk45,"This game has proven to be a lot of fun, the combat is both enjoyable and challanging. There are many roles a player can take on from being a trader to ravaging the star lanes as a ruthless pirate "" Though that is not for beginers life is not easy when the whole galaxy wants you dead"".  There are several unique factions that will get you access to interesting ships, weapons, and tech.  Each faction feels special and has its own attitude and way of fighting.  There is a rich galaxy full of places to visit and secrets to find.  I hihgly recomend this game to anyone who enjoys space ombat with a mix of RPG style development for your ship and pilot."
76561198032472345,Recommended,414950,19771347,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Dyskord,"Pretty decent game for a low price, if youre into 2d space combat stuff.(Or trading, though i havent done that).Needs some time getting used to, and can be pretty hard the first 1-2 hours, but really rewarding once you get the hang of things.The UI is basic, but gets the job done.Combat stays interesting even after you have played for a while, and the different skills, weapons and factions will probably warrant another playthrough.What the game makes different is the kill-steal mechanic: You dont get a share of the bounty for mere damaging an enemy ship, you need to land the final blow, else all your potential effort is wasted.This goes the other way round, too, you can reap the rewards of NPCs doing all the work, and just steal it.I was sceptical at first, but it works out in the end with more practice.My only gripe with the game is the lacking support for my old 1280x1024 res screen, which makes the text really small and the sprite look sort of ""compressed"" in a lack of a better description.Then again, hardly anyone uses these screens these days i guess.(Not sure if the notice about 16:9 screens was there before, or after i mentioned my problems, but chances are i just didnt see it)Also, dev said that he thinks about implementing a text-scaling option, so hopefully this will be less of an issue for me in the future.Whats truly amazing about this, is the dev that really is open to ideas, and really is interested in improving his game and interacting with the community.Also, theres still more stuff planned for the game, so thats a plus too in my book.Spent more money on less enjoyable stuff :)"
76561197972342991,Recommended,414950,19982762,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Glolin,"It needs more content and weapon systems, but overall, it is an enjoyable game.  It took awhile to understand the game mechanics."
76561198011252261,Recommended,414950,25272717,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,superslam1,"This game was created by one guy and I think for the most part he did a really good job. The combat in this game is no pushover. I have put in 165 hours currently and am still drawn to it. The combat is based around getting the final kill shot in. You kill it, you get credit for it and the cargo it was carrying. I think this is a refreshing approach cause you have to time your kills just right. It also solves another problem that alot of games have at the start, which is of course being able to kill anything being a complete whimp. You get experience for killing ships and smuggling. The game currently has 3 starting lines, Merchant, Bounty Hunter, and Pirate. It has 3 different difficulties ranging from easy to roguelike which just increases the penalties for dying at the higher the difficulty. It has quite a few different ships and several factions. The main goal is to currently join a major faction and lead it to victory. Your character gains levels as he gets experience and can spend skill points in different areas to increase your capabilities. The game in its current form I would rate at 4 our of 5 stars. It is fun, hard, and if you let your guard down even for a second on rogulelike your dead meat. If you play pirates, watch out for the bounty hunters they are pretty lethal especially early on. The price is pretty cheap for what you get, which is a fun game. Thx for the read sorry its soo long."
76561198043905981,Recommended,414950,29049731,Posted: 5 January,all,Trues55,really good game for the price its at
,Recommended,414950,20459151,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Stage,"I just lose so much time in this game. Good art, good music, solid concept, brings me back to games from my childhood."
76561198006891326,Recommended,414950,19766726,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,ajeffco,"I'm not much for words, but I've enjoyed this enough to write a least something.  Fun game, and isn't that the point of gaming?  Absolutely worth getting if you like these types of games.  And the developer appears to listen to and accept feedback, which is always a plus."
76561197991374546,Recommended,414950,24480915,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Kaijudo,"I haven't put as much time into this game as I want to right now, but what I've played so far is excellent. This game is well worth a buy. The game feels very optimized, I haven't noticed any bugs yet. It plays very smooth. The music is very relaxing, and when the♥♥♥♥♥♥hit's the fan, it's quick and crazy. This game has the right balance of action and exploration. I really do feel like I'm a pilot of my own star ship, free to explore and learn more about the world, or I can go out there and just get into trouble. This game suits what ever your play style is. I recomend this as a must buy."
76561198105940051,Recommended,414950,19757364,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Wongcho,Very Fun...
76561198025298967,Recommended,414950,25585866,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Zygomorphe,"A gem in the rough. The dynamic economy that directly influence the factions 's forces, the character progressions and the gameplay is what kept me playing it."
76561198253847354,Recommended,414950,19914297,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Manwue,"This game looks like a simple game.It is developed by one guy.It has very simple graphics.It is the most satisfying and fun game I have played in quite some time.It easily tops big expensive titles in enjoyment.I mean, this is what we play games for, right? Because they are fun. Well, Star Nomad 2 succeeds in that regard. Tottaly worth its price."
76561198034430113,Not Recommended,414950,29558040,Posted: 28 January,all,Thornaxe,"Not quite sure how to recommend this game. Overall i feel it's a mediocre game. It feels kinda flat to me. Once i got the best ship/gear that i could and still found myself overmatched and ineffectual at overall game progression (conquering the sector) the game lost its allure.I'll try to review the game by going down the bullet list of key features from the store page.>Squad RPG progression via skills & perks, upgrades & modules.Yes, to a VERY basic extent. your squad has 10 levels, 2 options per level. If there are gear upgrades, they've not been implemented yet, or are somehow so hidden that i've not found them in my hours of playing.>Deep trade system with dynamic supply & demand, affected by events, piracy & conflict.I dont know that i'd characterize the trading system as ""deep"" however its not bad. General supply and demand is spelled out for planets.  ""random events"" consist of something happening on a planet. Diseases require medicine, civil unrest requires worker placation, starvation requires food, etc. That's how you can get exp as a merchant, by fulfilling needs of planets. However, its drastically slower and more difficult to xp up as a merchant than it is as a fighter. I found it particularly frustrating that you only get xp for ""completing"" the task. ""We're sorry captain, you only hauled us 90 units of food and we needed 95, we will reward you with nothing and give all the recognition to the guy who hauls that last 5 units in."" It's the same way for kills in combat, but at least there you can see the enemy ship's health bar and try to manage accordingly. There are no numbers for planetary demands, so its 100% black box. I did feel that trading in a certain area would lose profitability over time, so that was a nice mechanic.>Fluid real-time combat with tactical pause & a wide variety of weapons.Combat is fluid, pause is necessary/nice. There are a variety of weapons, but i dont really feel that they distinguish themselves greatly from one another. Most function very similarly to each other IMO, while a few are novel, but i cant see how they can be utilized effectively (plasma cannon is very energy efficient, but travels so slow that unless you're ONLY hunting capital ships, its never gonna hit, and that hamstrings its potential so much that i never touched one.) Missiles are missiles. The bigger ones cost way more than the tiny ones. Maybe i'm a cheapskate, but i always used the starting ones (cheapest) and spammed them when appropriate (almost dead stuff to get the kill) and docked frequently to reload. There wasn't very much differentiation between missiles, they just all kinda did the same thing. There's one to shut down a ships engines, but to what effect? Moving out of range to snipe him? The shut down isnt long enough for that tactic to be meaningful. Retreat option? Not really, the only time i had to retreat was when there was a SWARM of♥♥♥♥♥♥after me, so one or two missiles stopping one or two ships was gonna be pointless.>Resource gathering to upgrade to higher tier modules and looting of combat kills.In addition to universal currency (credits) there are two resources (ores) that must be spent on higher tier equipment. They are available from various sources, mining, conquest and mining worlds. Availability used to be poor, but has been changed and is much improved. I find the concept annoying as♥♥♥♥♥♥ I can sell excess ore to SOMEONE for money, why the hell cant i buy ore from that same SOMEONE if i have excess credits? It's just dumb.>Factions will conquer & defend systems with fleet movements. Your actions, big or small, have a major effect on the tide of conquest!Factions do conquer and defend systems. The AI seems to have a good ebb and flow where the 3 major factions seem to keep each other in check. If one gets a few extra systems, the other two seem to leave each other alone and gang up on the one who appears to be ""winning"".  According to the forums, factions down to 1 planet go into overdrive, spitting out a nigh-endless stream of ships. Stupid.As for my actions having major effect on the tide of war? I have not felt that way in the slightest. Even with a pretty dominant ship and crew, i do not dominate system battles between two factions. Not saying i should, but it would be a very concrete way of seeing my effect on the ""tide of conquest"". I suppose the mechanism is that my hours of pirate purging in my chosen faction's space has allowed their economy to flow much better, leading to faster ship production and therefore larger fleets that can conquer systems better. However, i get ZERO feedback that this is taking place, so the reward for my actions is very nebulous, and can easily feel nonexistant.>Random events offer opportunities and also ensure no two game plays out the same.The random ship events feel very much tacked on and dont have any large meaningful effect on gameplay. There's only one significant beneficial one i've found, and many that are utterly worthless, ie a delivery mission deep into enemy territory for paltry reward.>Random encounters offer interesting side-quests or tough choices with major consequences.I guess they somehow felt the need to differentiate this from the previous bullet. Its the same thing i guess? I never felt any major consequences from these encounters.>Many classes of ships offer different tactical possibilities, including Carriers!There is some meaningful differentiation among ships. Turrets, missiles or drones. Some ships favor one over the other. I'm a turret man myself, i passionately hate running out of ammo when you've almost downed that big enemy for a fat reward, so i haven't played some of the other possibilities. However, i'll admit that when i bought the bigass capital ship that came with 3 large drone bays, they were a pretty sweet addition.>Clever enemies that fly their vessels to abuse their strengths. Fast & agile ships will flank and out-speed your big guns, large ships will broadside tank with their strong directional shields.They make it sound fancier than it is. Small ships fly around somewhat wildly, making targeting difficult, while larger ships.....dont. The only strength that clever AI's will ""abuse"" is their ability to go OFF THE EDGE OF THE ♥♥♥♥ING MAP, or hide behind the minimap or squad portraits where you cant click. They will SIT there and shoot back at you. Its not a HUGE deal, but its beyond infuriating sometimes and I dont understand how the dev thought that it was acceptable to have the game operate in that fashion. It could be easily rectified by having enemy ships hit the edge of the map the same way a player ship does.>Take part in epic fleet battles with Capital Ships duking it out among support ships and hordes of combat drones!In order to buy a capital ship, i had to play on roguelike, so death was a deal. Now, a huge battle like that is a great opportunity to have a bunch of enemy ships spontaneously decide to WASTE you in very short fashion, so while these epic fights sound great on paper, when you're actually in the middle of one its utter chaos. Additionally, its a nightmare to manually shoot in the melee, since the computer gets very pissy with friendly fire.>Tweak-able Squad AI, never be caught flying with stupid, ever.Squad AI seems decent. I've never seen a squadmate randomly take off after a whole damn fleet by himself and get blown to♥♥♥♥♥♥ so thats a plus.>Challenging, but fair Rogue-like-esque gameplay.99% true. ""Bounty hunters"" have ships that have inflated stats.I recently decided i wouldn't waste more hours beating my head against the wall trying to beat a game that was inherently designed to not be won. The factions will backstab each other, and ones with fewer systems will build ships faster (which makes lots of sense, right?) to preserve the status quo. Not much fun once you start figuring that out."
,Recommended,414950,19708821,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,The Inquisitor,"Pretty neat game about Trading, Hunting, and Raiding. It's graphics are simple and similar to Distant Word's (and other 2D space games), but that's why I like it.Pros:- Cool looking spaceships- Neat gunplay- Awesome missile mechanics- Slow and casual start depending on your chosen role- Option for starter ships- Dynamic trading system- Dynamic empire system- Create your own gang- Relatively wide content (unsure about depth, but I'm sure there's a lot more in store for me).Cons:- Needs more weapons- Needs more research trees- Needs more roles- Needs a hangar, instead of just one ship- Needs multiple saves- Needs an even bigger end game with mega-weaponsNeut:- Needs more exploration- Needs use for mining instead of just selling the rocksIt's pretty cool tho and is a must try for people who like top-down space shooters/trader/etc."
76561198052300336,Recommended,414950,19720514,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Twitch/ValhallaDiDDe,love the game!!
76561198033603190,Recommended,414950,20008511,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,CPT Scraggly Beard,I have Played this game for almost 10 hours. The developer is constantly putting out updates and very timely as well with 2-3 updates a week. For 12$ this game is worth every penny. Many of the reviews will tell you the Pros and Cons of this where I will simply say this game scrathes and itch I didn't know i had. I highly reccomend this game and if you run into any issues and tell the Dev he will fix it pretty quickly.
76561197969393139,Not Recommended,414950,28772905,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,hotdrop,"The game feels very incomplete and lacks a fulfilling gameplay progression. The big problem with the game is that you cant get anywhere without upping ""Reputation"" stat, that can only be reliably upped though last shotting pirates. If you want to play as a trader you can get money pretty quickly but you are still locked out of most ships due to the reputation problem. That basically means that the only way to really progress is to fly around in a ship that has 2 missile slots and use high Alpha missiles to finish off enemy pirates. This isn't super hard once you get the hang of it but you have to do it way too many times to get anywhere and its just a grind. The loot you get from kills isnt every very exciting, so that adds to the boringness of the grind. All the loot is just pods 200-300 credits or some limited commodity items, never rare interesting or powerful items.There is a decent shell of a game here, it could be fun but it lacks content and any content that is here is locked behind the grindy reputation system. It could be better with more content and relaxing the reputation system but right now id say its probably not/barely worth the $6 I paid for it. Check out some of the let's plays, you will see that most of people are still flying one of the newbie or 1st tier ships at the 4 hour mark.If you are into this kind of game I would recommend Endless sky, its way more complete and fun (Its also free).   Starsector is also a good choice but not as complete."
76561198016880425,Recommended,414950,20815216,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Retrograde,"Lurking at space game junkie brought me here after the developer was on the podcast.You turn up at the universe....and at first noone cares.Tough at first, but stick with it.A nice addictive space game that does not hold your hand"
76561197978278581,Not Recommended,414950,31926508,Posted: 23 May,all,Roger Wilco,"I love FTL, I played hours of SPAZ and SPAZ2, I bought this game thinking it could be another game that I would also play hours of but instead its not, the game is basic and a bit anime like. The ships are all very similar with some slight changes. best way I can describe this game is bland."
,Not Recommended,414950,19742661,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Pyramid,"You can't reconfigure controls, change any settings other then screen size, can't adjust the zoom to any actual reasonable levels, leaving you being attacked or attacking things that are offscreen for most of the game, and certain key combinations will literally make the game crash.I'd definitely suggest not to buy a clearly unfinished game like this."
76561198006446139,Recommended,414950,19774820,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,jimbob08,"This game is true to it's description, hard game to play but ready good. Im already addicted 😄"
,Recommended,414950,19734923,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Viper Romani,I am loving this game and i would recommend this to othersThe game play is great plenty to do and plent of areas too explore for the momentalthough the dev might need a visit from the zerkers thoughthis game has yet to reach it's  potential--Gameplay 5/5Challenge 5/5Content (Things to do places too explore) 5/5The creator of this game is doing something rightThose who are giving negative reviews aren't really trying enoughas some complain about the controls there is nothing wrong with them.And steam overlay works you gotta enable it... so it can work.I would definitely recommend this game and i would donate to fund the gameWhy isn't this game on IGN or Game Trailers..?
76561197999106061,Recommended,414950,22100916,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Ruiner,"Fantastic sandbox top/down shooter. Has trade mechanics, AI wingmen, factions etc. Not exceptionally deep however well worth the money."
76561197993150707,Recommended,414950,19729898,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Ponicus,One of the better 2d space arpg's to come out recently... can only get better from here with promised content on the way!
,Recommended,414950,21225501,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Caimen,"The game is fun, combat is interesting and challenging.  Trading is interesting and effects the world around you.  All in all it's a good game with some quality of life issues that need sorting out.  Luckily the developer seems to be active and working on things.  Rogue-Like mode is why I got the game.  It's certainly challenging and you have to play the game differently than you might otherwise have to.  Staying out of the middle of the fighting and picking off the weak ships or ships that are about to go down is a must at the beginning.  Getting reputation with the different factions is a must.  It not only allows you to buy better ships, but it also makes landing on there planets cheaper.  I failed to understand that my first few hours.  Getting faction reputation makes fighting and being a merchant much easier.The Cons:Using missiles doesn't seem to be worth the amount you get back from the bounty, making them cost ineffective.  When firing my missile I find myself wondering why I'm even firing it, because I'm pretty much not going to make any money.NPC's fly off the screen a lot, which you are unable to do.  This means NPCs will get the bounty because bounties are based on last hit, screwing you out of money.  I yelled at the screen so many times over this problem.All in all I could see myself playing the game more, if some of these problems were fixed.  I could have played the game on easy, but that would have been too boring.Also every single mission I ran across in game ended up just getting me killed.  The one time I did complete a mission fighting pirates I got no visible extra reward.  I recommend staying away from missions entirely until you get a squad.The log which appears at the bottom left of the screen is timed and there is no possible way to access anything that happened after a battle to see exactly what kills you got or exactly what happened with a mission."
,Not Recommended,414950,23551828,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,maximilianyuen,"Re-install after a few months break, unfortunately it stay what it is. In short it certainly feel like a mobile game port to desktop.Things are just not refinied. Ui is not unified and need a lot more extra clicks and moving cursor to do what can be done in one click. Say you hired a mercenary, then you click the launch button to go space faring. Except you can't, you have to click on the mercenary dialogue box that's exactly the same everytime and contrute nothing to the experience. And you have to click right within the box, not just anywhere on the screen even all the button on screen are locked and not clickable.Now imagine this happen every single time you trade, you pickup loot in space, you dock, bascially every interaction.For the game itself the map is dynamic and got elements to play with, but what a player can do is really limited and will get bored real soon when there are so much potential. The battle is really mediocre and the last shot claim the full bounty and exp is really a turn down even you did 99.9% of the damage. And the random event don't felt like random, more like a queue that is extremely repetitive and way too frequent.I certainlly hope that they will improve this game to a more finished level than currently is but looks like it's a done deal.If you like this kind of free-roaming top down 2D space 4X game, Star Sector is a way better option. Even that one is still in development, the overall look and feel, and especially the control is way more refined and sophisticated than this unfinished product."
,Not Recommended,414950,21111375,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,starcraft.red.baron,"The original Star Nomad has bad reviews. This game should too. Taking it off early access is fraud. They will most likely not finish this game any more than they did star nomad 1.I tell you about my experience playing it. I start the game as a trader. I can carry 40 things. It takes me 10 minutes to be able to carry the maximum of the most expensive stuff. The next step? There is a ship that can carry 60. But I would have to grind for 8 hours to buy it, and it is slower, and it already takes forever to fly between planets. The other kickers were: docking fees take 25% of my profits, the price when I arrived at my destination was typically down by 50% (profit) from when I left my starting point, need faction standing to buy better ships, which I can only get my blowing their enemies. So I try being a fighter since trader is pointless. But to get credit for a kill, I have to deliver that one fatal shot or I get zip. But I don't do much damage so most battles I just get the consolation prize for being in the system when they won. Of I die like bug squat since I have a tiny ship, which can't outrun anything. So if my allies die, I can only watch while 4-5 ships close in and blow me up. Then I get to fly half way across the galaxy (yet again) because the starting faction's ships suck. Can I go somewhere with enemies on my level to get stronger then come back? No such place. So since I'm not a masochist I edit my save game (like the author says you can), to get to a tier 2 ship. Now I get some kills, but can't dodge anything at all. So the ships larger than me still kill me a good percentage of the time. There is no intelligent progression. This is a waste of your time."
76561198011657297,Recommended,414950,30475471,Posted: 12 March,all,Scorpion,I like this type of games.
76561198030861789,Not Recommended,414950,21438037,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,james76543,"It's not really what I thought it would be.  It's extremely slow to progress, and you only have 3 careers options.  I felt like I was grinding instead of playing a fun game during my second battle. I can't image the playtime to get a capital ship, and the battles are very simple and arcade like.  I was expecting more of an rpg where you upgrade your ship and progress through a world, but while there is a little of that, it's mostly a top down arcade space fighter game."
76561197976327138,Not Recommended,414950,21649621,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,becephalus,"Kind of uninspired and samey, didn't really do anything in my mind to distinguish itself from tons fo other game son this general concept.  Seemed to work well and was an ok time for the little while I played it."
76561198005303643,Not Recommended,414950,28920625,Posted: 1 January,all,Oji,"Very repetetive, grindy and lacks contnent."
76561197974749237,Recommended,414950,20864501,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,d3a7hl0k,
,Not Recommended,414950,19795247,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Dirkradix,Game requires you to have an ACOG scope to read. Font size 4.
76561198008691906,Recommended,414950,22876683,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Thunderofwar,"Good game, A must buy :)"
,Not Recommended,414950,22279650,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Srdjan,"- Shallow, repetative combat.-- Similar strategies for all engagements.-- No change in combat tactics as the game progresses- Incredibly simplistic trading system.- Very little benifit in exploration- Poor story.Star Nomad 2 is probably worth £2 if you're a fan of top down space trading games. It's not worth £10."
76561197990101320,Not Recommended,414950,22182677,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,S-P,"Most of the game is pretty good, especially if you like game like Star Point Gemini void expanse as it is very similar that is what drawed me to the game. Unfortunatly to get access to the more advanced ships you need to supply rare resources which would be ok if you could buy them but it seems you can't so your only option is to mine them. For me mining is rather tedious so I'm locked out of the more advanced ships. Maybe if it gets modded in the future I may change my review but for now I have lost all interest in the game."
76561197972191222,Not Recommended,414950,19754770,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,voxdei20,This is the first game i have ever request a refund for.  This game is a perpetual grind and doesn't seem to have any other point.  Combat is strickly based on kill stealing.  You don't have any way of killing anything even the lowest pirate at the beginning of the game so you are stuck just waiting till someone else wounds it and then getting the final shot.  Hopefully they come up with some point to the game other than grinding in the future.
76561198059296260,Not Recommended,414950,26229204,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,ghorlist,I played hours of this game trying to finish it but to no avail. I've used drugs to break the enemy's economy. Maxed out my weapons yet still could not finish it. Too frustrating to play anymore.
,Not Recommended,414950,19835682,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,❗️❗️ Annex ❗️❗,"Initially I was hoping to give the game a positive review, given that I believe its made by one person and for better or worse it shows. However its the little painfully stupid things that kept poking and then eventually cracking me. It amazes me how little it takes to make what would otherwise be a decent game to instead be a nightmare.Not 30 seconds after leaving the starting world I died. Large amount of brown and red ships descended upon me and made me go boom in seconds. Later I learned that your initial foes, the pirates and the zerkers, both wield massive fleets that wreck everything in their path. Manage to kill a few of them? You then better not die, because as soon as you do the enemy counts reset, so you can essentially battle forever in the same system. Thankfully death costs nothing, but sadly if you want to actually kill anything you have to spend vast amounts of money on missiles. Your turrets might as well be pea shooters. So you are left with the choice of either not fighting and flying around the masses hoping to not get noticed and pick up some scraps, do some mind numbing trading, or go asteroid mining which involves pressing a button every few seconds.Ill keep at it as I have nothing better to do at the moment, but for newcommers I recommend staying away for now unless youre willing to suffer for some possible enjoyment later. Oh and the zerkers shooting through your shields? Yeah, thats a ""negative review"" feature right there."
76561197964217450,Not Recommended,414950,19906136,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Memnoch,"After 7 hours of play I'm just about done. Not anywhere near as fun as I would have hoped. Everything is competently presented......there simply isn't enough to do! Trading is not fun or in any way in-depth. Combat isn't much fun either with the number one annoyance really being your allies all too readily kill-steal. This leads to much frustation and is not something I am accustomed to in my space-trade-combat type games. Your weaponry always feel woefully underpowered to everyone elses.Yes, there are better weapons in the game. Some of which, even if you have the money, can't be readily accessed as you need minerals to even buy them, for some reason, and these can be obtained one of two ways. Either combat, where you have to land the killing blow, so good luck with that, or through mining. This invovles buying an upgrade for your ship that allows mining and then praying your lone ship doesn't get attacked by 8 other ships that will then roundly whip you.The playing areas, which encompass each ""system"" consists of a central planet or station and then some some jump points dotted around ther edges of this map, typically the corners. This is the same for every system I visited so no variation here either so exploration has no value to it.All in all a very disappointing title. Yes, it's only £9.99, or £8.99 at the moment, and I've had my enjoyment from the title if you want to break it down into the crudest terms possible of cost per hours fun. But at least half of those 7 hours was me fighting the game rather than having fun playing with it."
76561198021943937,Recommended,414950,22880236,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Rezfrog,Fun casual space adventure! Love this!
76561197972792525,Not Recommended,414950,19758110,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Wakfu,"I have to change my review for this game. I wanted to like it, I wanted to play, I wanted to support the developer. But sadly, I find nothing in this game calling to me to play again.Since you have probably done a lot of research about the game I'll speak to some game breakers for me.Combat: It's nice for like 2 minutes. But then you realize in a fight with more than like 4-5 ships, you end up hitting allied ships ALL the time OR you can't get a shot in. In a 2d SPACE game, I would recommend the developer disable friendly fire, because of screen real estate. SPACE IS HUGE. But 2d space on a monitor, only has limited room. So there is nothing unrealistic about turning off friendly fire, and letting your shots pass through allies, just think of it as you being above or below the current plane of fighting.But to enable friendly fire, on a 2d game, where such space is limited to your current screen resolution, and then put friendly units all over in a fleet fight, means you hit them all the time. Or yo don't fire and you don't get recognition. Because this game goes by killing blow, not by how much damage you contributed to the target.The next thing is that although there are like 30 systems to visit, space is small. You can fly a sector 'edge to edge' in less than 30 seconds. Not sure why the developer would 'instance' space like that in a 2d space game since you can have endless space and it doesn't require any more resource. He's just limited the screen space you play in.Next, when enemy ships fly off the edge of the screen they cannot be seen! So you're fighting near the top/bottom/left/right side of the screen? Enemy can fly off the side and you can't even shoot at them. Because ya don't know where they are since you can't see them!The game had a lot of potiential and I seriously looked forward to it, in a geeky kind of way, but I am let down and very disappointed by some of the design decisions, which I feel gimps the game.I seriously tried to like it, but I cannot bring myself to even attempt to play it any longer.If you can overlook what I have said above, sure get it. If you can't get a demo for it, then I suggest leaving it out. I will seek a refund. Although I really wanted to support this. But in the end with those design decisions, it really isn't the kind of game I am looking for. It's more an instanced space invaders with trading.If you read other thumbs down reviews, you will see a lot of what I mentioned, plus other things I agree with. The game might be fun for a limited time AFTER you have grinded the best ship for 40 hours. But really?"
76561198035900780,Not Recommended,414950,19813536,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,arthurdayne,"After playing through and getting a feel for the game I decided that I do not want to waste hours and hours of my life grinding special Ore and faction standing just to progress and earn the right to buy a better ship. It's not fun and the videos and positive reviews make it seem you can do all these epic things, fleet battles, grand adventures...All of it is repetitve and very slow. You will waste lots of time trying to ""have fun"" because all the tools you need to ""have fun"" are gated and restricted- the bigger ships like Frigates, Cruisers, even better weapons require atrocious amounts of credits AND large amounts of two special ores that take a lot of time to get.In addition, you have to grind faction rep too and the game has this bounty credit system where it doesn't matter how much you contribute to a fight, just if you get the last hit in to kill so it wastes even more of your precious time.Terrible game and if you play this, you will waste more than just $12+ dollars, you will waste precious hours of your life that could've been spent enjoying better things or learning a job skill, new hobby."
,Not Recommended,414950,19742276,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Frown Town,"I like the overall framework of the game and the actual gameplay is surprisingly difficult and well-designed. However, I can't give this game my recommendation on account of the unresponsive controls and poorly designed user interface."
,Not Recommended,414950,29305340,Posted: 16 January,all,rippykins,"This game is pretty boring, slow, too hard at times, and there doen't seem to be much to do. There's certainly better 2D space games out there."
