user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,415200,32560358,Posted: 19 June,all,Roxbury,"I would like to tell you a tale about my dear driver Dan. He is from the wonderful country of Germany. He Joined my race team as soon as it was formed and for the most part, he is an ok driver. Much better than his partner named Fry. Now Fry couldn't drive a shopping cart down the dairy isle at his local grocery store without f**king it up somehow. But, he was cheap and kept the seat warm till I could hire someone that could at least walk in a strait line without crashing.Back to my dear driver Dan. Now, for the first 7 races of the GT season, our team sucked. We just outright should not even be associated with cars at all. Perhaps professional paper airplane racing was better suited for a team of our caliber. But we kept pressing on.Then one day in Germany, aparently Dan decided to himself: “you know what? I’m really sick of sucking so bad. I’m gonna give a good race today.”And my dear friends, he did. While Fry was trying his best not to get lapped for the 2nd time of the day, Dan was up in the top 10, then the top five, then the top three…Do you know what my dear driver ended up at the finish line? Lol no you silly steam player. He finished third. But, it was like we won the world that day.Later in the day, a few hours after the race finished, we waited for dumb fry to finally cross the finish line. We loaded up the trailers and headed back home.I’m still in my first season. We have improved our racing capabilities. Even fry was able to finish 18th one race. We gave him a high five, much like adults giving a participation ribbon to the last place tee ball team for the young dumb snot snorting kids. We act like they did something, but all they did was drive their dads to drink that day.In summary, this game has occupied my weekend and has gave me much joy. The events both on the track and off the track make this a very realistic and enjoyable game to play.The learning curve is average. It will be a high learning curve is you’re not familiar with how racing works. However, well worth the effort and time to put in to the game.It’s a true gem and I recommend it to anyone that is on the fence."
,Recommended,415200,31383893,Posted: 26 April,all,[BT] Blueshift,"Last race of the season at Phoenix. My two drivers - let's call them Dave and Emma - are at the top of the championship, with Dave 9 points ahead.. They're enough points ahead of everyone else that the title is just between them now. They've grown to hate each other, and Dave's ontract is up for renewal at the end of the season - but won't renew while Emma is with the team.I decide to let them race for it, as we're far enough ahead in the team championship that we should still win it unless there's a freak result. The only team that can beat us is Ferrari (well, a legally safe knockoff of Ferrari), but it's a long shot. My drivers are starting at the back, because of the reversed grid rule.At the start, Dave and Emma immediately begin scything through the field, with Emma slightly ahead. The Ferrari drivers are first and second, but nothing to worry about yet - until Dave crashes on lap 3. ♥♥♥♥. Emma now just needs to finish in the top 8 to win the title. I check the team standings - and then remember it's a double points race. Ferrari are going to win the title.Welp.Emma gives it her best shot and gets up to 8th, enough to win the title. I tell her to keep pushing, as we've got a team championship to win. With 2 laps to go, she's running third, behind the Ferraris. At this point, we're just three points short. Just when I had accepted losing, the second Ferrari starts pouring black smoke.I couldn't believe it. As the Ferrari slows to a crawl, Emma swoops past for second place. The broken Ferrari eventually finishes fifth, giving Emma the driver's title and my team the championship. Fantastic.It's been a long time since I got this invested in a game. A must-have for any motorsport fans. Oh, and Dave was fired at the end of the season."
,Recommended,415200,32068259,Posted: 30 May,all,Brian,"This was an instant buy for me when I saw it being advertised before one of the Grand Prix's last year, and I have not been disappointed.It's awesome to finally have a management game in a sport I enjoy watching and sim-ing, and Motorsport Manager certainly held me for a long time. In fact, with mods, it still does.The environments are beautiful, the updated car models are chunkier and more substantial, so those livery changes finally show up as more than the simple two-tone designs we had at release. Playing the staff and driver market is fun, and working your way up the field is rewarding. For the casual gamer who enjoys motorsport, this game is an absolute must have. If you don't do racing, but enjoy management sims, you'll likely enjoy this too.A couple of big negative points though, which I feel are more a me thing than a game issue:-As a power gamer, I found after about 50 hours or so, everything got seriously easy. The AI are, unfortunately, too dim to challenge a player who knows what they are doing, and they struggle to keep up with your pace of car development whenever you hit a stat reset. The same goes for qualifying in a session that has a wet and dry period, where the AI don't look ahead in the weather reports, and then set their quali times in the dry on Inters.The second thing is there are too many ways for a player to abuse a system for their gain - notably the Risk system on car develpment, which makes the game even easier (I didn't even use this method and still found a lack of difficulty).However, with the game being so easy to mod for beginners (simple editing of databases), and the ability for more advanced users to modify the actual code of the game, difficulty and overhaul mods have been made which can keep even power gamers like myself challenged and engaged. A huge boon to modding is that mods can be grabbed both with or without Workshop, and can be mixed and matched as you see fit.Without mods - I would only recommend this to casual gamers, regardless of whether you are a motorsport fan or not. If you play an hour here or there and want your progress to not be too slow, then it's a good title for you.With mods - There is now something for everyone, and if you like your games challenging and you want to be in it for the long haul, you can opt for that experience while still enjoying the visually beautiful game that PlaySport have brought us."
,Recommended,415200,26517056,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,teabagjohn,"Wow!Pros:- Extremely polished (great UI, good performance, no bugs)- Visuals- AI is surprisingly smart when it comes to strategy- Finally in 3D- Much deeper than the mobile game (scouting, build your HQ, hire new mechanics and drivers,...)- 3 different series (GP2, GP3 and F1)- Good selection of tracks with different variants- Dynamic weather, safety car, virtual safety car, mechanical problems, driver errors,... SO MANY SURPRISES!- Setups are very important- You can vote on rule changes for the next season- Relaxing and stressful at the same time- Never gets boring- Drivers aren't as whiny as players in Football Manager- Focus is purely on the management side of things - no annoying driving mini games or the likes- Races are longer than 5 minutesCons:- No mod support yet- No official license- No Gt3 or endurance series- You can't create your own team, only join already existing onesHighly recommend it to anyone who likes motorsport or management games. There is no driving in this game - it is about managing your own team and your drivers."
76561197970655913,Recommended,415200,26510555,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,jztemple,"Update 2017.02.24:I've just played a couple of hours with the new 1.3 update. Some excellent changes have been added, the top in my mind is the change to qualifying to allow you to have the driver do the outlap warming of brakes and tyres rather than having you (the player) do it. Really a change that makes the whole game much better since your role in qualifying is now that of the team manager rather than also the driver too. And now there is a rules option for qualifying to change it to be like Formula One with three segments where after Q1 and Q2 the slowest part of the field is eliminated. A third, more minor but still important change is to the emails that ask for interviews from you. They now have actual effects on the drivers or team and so really mean something. And there are a host of other great changes. Makes the game even better.Update 2016.11.23:After now having played just over forty hours on the game, I can continue to give the game a positive thumbs up. I have played a season and a few races at the bottom of the three tiers of competition, and most of one season in the top tier. The game does have a few bugs which hopefully will be fixed in the first planned patch. Otherwise however it is really quite good in the long run.I would categorize the game as something you experience rather than something you play to win. I spent 19 hours in the lowest tier, and now 21 hours in the top tier where I have not yet finished my first season. You really can spend a couple of hours of real world time between the end of one race and the end of the next one. You manage finance, part design, and just running your team, including evaluating drivers and staff. And then at a race weekend you spend time preparing for practice, overseeing practice and the same for qualifying. And then comes the race and you are calling the shots for your two drivers regarding fuel use, tire wear and pit stops.Now I do tend to play slow and fret over every detail, so most folks will probably spend only half or a third of the time that I do in a season, but if you really want to get down to the nuts and bolts of running a team, this is the game for you.Original Review:My impressions after a couple hours of play...Much, much better than the mobile game. Seriously. Very seriously. I think I spent the first hour just going through the tutorial that puts you right into the first race of the season and then walks you through every menu screen and option. Really top notch presentation.There are some compromises, because it is game that has to be actually played by a single player rather than a huge team of technical specialists, but wow the developers certainly tried to give you the feel of running a race team. Little things like how your driver develops a relationship with their mechanic which improves over time. Or that you can build parts thatmightnot pass scrutineering, which happens after each race and could get your results invalidated. Or that the series rules change over time, like different tires or removing fueling. And there was even a case of a track changing it's configuration from one season to the next.Truly an awesome effort, and this is from someone who started back in nineties with different racing management games. And so far (two hours), no glitches or crashes."
76561198005734887,Recommended,415200,28245545,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,BinaryDigit09,"This game has consumed my life since I got it.The macro game is building up your team to compete and win at the highest levels. Hire a 2.5-star driver with the potential for 5 and train him/her up over time. Save up enough cash to upgrade your factory so it can improve more parts at once. Take the proceeds of winning due to upgrading your parts and buy a practice track at your HQ to help improve the skills of your drivers and pit crews. Take 1st place in the Team Championship at the end of the season and ""graduate"" up to the next tier, if you want/dare to.The mini-game is doing the best you can in each race. Manage how aggressive or passive your drivers are driving. Decide when they should come in for a pit stop, and what tires they should go out on based on the weather forecast. Otherwise, watch the race. It's pretty exciting!A mini-mini game is tweaking your car's performance before each race. It's a little bit like the Mastermind game: Take a guess with the settings and go out for one lap. Check the feedback of each item (Poor, Okay, Great, Excellent, etc.) and make small or larger adjustments to the settings and send them out again. Try to get them all to Excellent before practice time runs out. After a few tries, it's pretty easy to get them to Great which is sufficient for the race, but leaving them at Poor or worse will have a noticible effect on the race. You probably won't finish on the podium unless your car tweeks are Great or Excellent.Another mini-mini game is Qualifying. Compared to the rest of the game, this feature seems overly simple yet hard to understand. You drag a slider to try and find the sweet spot between tire heating and brake heating while your driver goes around the track. I've never found it.In-game Emails/Twitter, sponsorship deals based on team marketability, media interviews that can affect team morale, employees having secret affairs or starting a modeling career on the side. A lot of depth that makes the game very immersive for a management sim.Some negative reviews complain about things that the game lets you address:- Parts failing during races: You can upgrade their reliability at the factory. AI cars break down often in the early season too, and you can use that to your advantage by driving easy and winning by attrition. Also, HQ and Parts Designer upgrades let you build more reliable parts without having to upgrade them at the factory.- Drivers doing well in one race, then poorly in the next: Each track requires different skills from drivers, and different car parts to perform effectively. If you have a killer engine in an otherwise basic car, you'll do well in Milan but not so much in Yokohama where the cutback curves require more acceleration (gearbox) and deceleration (brake) performance than sheer top-speed. Drivers also have cornering and overtaking skills (among several others), and they are considered on a per-track basis by the game.- I think I've *maybe* seen the blue flag thing. You're about to lap a slow-poke but he won't get out of the way. For me it hasn't really affected much. My driver has always been able to overtake him within a half a lap or less. Maybe it's been patched since those reviews came out.Overall this game scratched an itch for me in a major way. I can't recommend it enough for anyone who likes management sims."
76561198069644462,Recommended,415200,32382988,Posted: 13 June,all,Celtic_Silencer,Where did those 800+ hours go?
76561197984654092,Recommended,415200,32778172,Posted: 25 June,all,N Corbin (UK),"Just picked this up in the sales, all i can say is WOW.The level of detail, the excitement and enjoyment.One of my bets purchases for a long time."
76561197997100336,Recommended,415200,28332664,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Ro'ban,"Let me make one thing clear from the start. I'm from the era of the original motorsport manager games, mainly Grand Prix Manager 1 & 2 and Grand Prix World. Just so you understand what I'm comparing Motorsport Manager to. Great 'MicroProse' Formula One management games that were made very well.So instead of dragging out the paragraphs, I'm going to use a 'Pros and Cons' system for my opinion of the game.Pros:- Depth that lasts season after season. (Lastability)- A simple but effective layout of most interactive screens.- Ability to apply for management jobs in other teams.- Three progressive divisions.- Nice looking graphics, especially during races.- Multiple different strategies that can be applied during races, and even in-between races.- Interesting way of designing new parts and improving parts.- Good way of implementing pre-season testing in the flow of the game.- Rule changes you can vote on that can have a massive effect on the structure of the game, series to series.- Overall well balanced racing manager game.- The simple fact of having the first good racing management game in seventeen years.Cons:- Good management, but not really micro-management.- Limited to a maximum of three sponsor options per slot.- Very limited car retirement/crashes during races. (Really only pull in the pits or park off circuit, no real crashes)- No spins or offs or mistakes from drivers, as such.- Ineffective blue flags and back markers constantly ruining your race.- Very little explanation on how some things work.- The constant unrealistic lines your driver takes when 10-20 car lengths behind a backmarker.- Little variety in email texts. As in responses to race wins, new team jobs, etc.- Other little bugs like incorrect budget numbers, safety car in middle of track, etc.I realize that most of the cons are nitpicking, but isn't it the accumulation of little things what makes the whole enjoyable? I think so, hence the nitpicking. Not to say this isn't an enjoyable game, because it clearly is shown in the amount of hours I've spent and will continue to spend playing this game.All-in-all an excellent game with a bunch of cons that can be fixed/altered if Playsport Games so desired. Access to steam workshop would be excellent by the way.---------Updated since December 2016 patch: A fix for the backmarkers that works a treat. Sometimes drivers drive through the slower cars, which is obviously not all that good. And of course Steam workshop has been granted for early 2017, hooray!"
,Recommended,415200,26513649,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Alan,"Played about 4 hours today. Wow. The only thing I wish it had that is currently missing is the ability to plan pit strategy before the race. Other than that everything else is there, even things I didn't know I wanted like the ability to vote for rule changes for future seasons. The game allows you to customize and experiment with so many aspects of racing and team management while still keeping it simple. Can't recommend this game enough if you are a racing fan and especially if you are an F1 fan. If your computer can run it buy it."
76561198246234164,Recommended,415200,29470211,Posted: 24 January,all,IL PALLINO,"(Note:  Do not let the amount of time Steam says I've played this game fool you.  I'm almost always offline when I play.  Besides, I don't believe I could unlock nineteen achievementsat the time of this writing.)Management sims are my favorite genre of games and I love Formula One, so this game immediately took over possession of my heart, life, and soul.  I strongly recommend this game to any fan of management simulations.  And what if you don't like Formula One or auto racing?  Then you'll be more forgiving of some of the game's flaws than I am!Motorsport Manager contains three tiers of open-wheel auto racing leagues called the World Motorsport Championship (obviously a play on Formula One) and two inferior leagues known as the Asia-Pacific Challenge Cup and the European Racing Series which are more regional and not based off of any real life motorsports association.The World Motorsport Championship contains the likenesses of real life Formula One teams and drivers in 2015.  If you know Formula One, it isn't difficult to match up teams to their real life counterparts.  Several of the drivers are female (unlike their real life counterparts), but if you know Formula One, you can tell easily enough who the Australian woman racing for Panther Race Team is supposed to be, along with Dieter Wexler and Niilo Saarinen who drive for Scuderia Rossini.  Circuits are also much like their real  life counterparts, yet anything but identical.  The closest any of the circuits come in this game to the locations of their real life counterparts is Singapore, but it isn't difficult to guess at which race is which in real life with the exception of the Cape Town Grand Prix.  It took me awhile to see the resemblance to the Monaco Grand Prix, but anyone familiar with the Monaco Grand Prix will eventually see the resemblance.Although management sims are hardly graphics-dependent (I can amuse myself for hours with text-based games), the graphics of Motorsport Manager go above and beyond aesthetically pleasing.  The layouts of the track and scenery around it never gets old to see.  The graphics would have been better if more 3D angles were provided than merely a camera that follows the desired car.  The direction and pitch of the camera can be changed, but apart from the lack ability to zoom-in incredibly close, I would have liked it better if the game allowed for TV style viewing and (even better) a view of the race from a driver's cockpit camera.  But the worst part about the graphics, is the fact that you will occasionally see cars travel straight through one another.  Another flaw to graphics, is that the numerals on cars featured on the track map are all white, which naturally, makes this difficult to read on lightly colored dots.  (""Metal on metal"" in the case of white on yellowish colors.)  Screens between races are rarely exciting, but that's management sims for you.  However, the screens for HQ and Sponsors are pleasing to the eye.Being a management sim, sound is even less important than graphics to me.  Just for the sake of writing a review, I played this game with the sound on...  Once!  The races all sound just like the V-8 engines of Formula One before 2014, though this may be a negative for any gearheads playing this game, because the World Motorsport Championship uses V-10 engines, and V-10 engines all make a distinctive whine.  The music doesn't help set the mood, but at the same time, the music doesn't sound out of place.  But it's easy to enjoy Motorsport Manager with the sound off, and listen to your favorite sort of music while making between-race decisions and watching in-race action.There's much I would like to share about my game experiences, except that Steam puts a limit on reviews.  (I would like to see Steam put a minimum number on words for reviews.  Single word reviews here are comonplace, and jackwagons who write them seem to think they're actually being helpful!)  My list of positives and negatives are anything but all-inclusive, so I'm unable to share other important details that may also be important to the reader.  (Particularly the lack of Formula One rules applied to the game...  Even the stupid ones, like the current ""engine"" formula and the maximum engine rule.)The biggest positives of this game have to be the large variety of buildings you can build for your team headquarters.  (Though a single ""administrative office"" is mysteriously absent.)  Weather patterns (including temperature) are flawless, and the in-race and random events that happen between races that affect a driver's skills (either temporarily or permanently), moods, and health are something to belove.  I was skeptical when I noticed there wasn't a driver skill dedicated to wet weather racing, but then I saw this intergrated into driver traits.  (If a driver has the trait when the condition is active, they will receive bonus points to their skills.)  I also love how practice actually means something!  I really enjoy the challenge of making a car that's ""built to win."" (My apoligies to Seta.)  Elections are always fun, and I enjoy the possibilities.  (Including the ability to accept bribes from another team's chairman to vote their way.)On the downside, the movement of cars during races is often nothing short of unrealistic for any sort of racing series that I'm familiar with.  The game makes no obvious mention of how much money a player may overdraft, and loans cannot be secured.  (Overdrafting is a must for building up a team, especially a weak team!)  While interviews are an important part of the game to fans of sports management sims, the interview sessions are deeply flawed.  There's frequently only three choices for answers, and none of them are ""no comment.""  Interviews rarely seem to factor in if a driver had overachieved in an inferior car, and post-race interviews are only two questions long, and with no ability to clarify one's answer.  I also highly disagree with the fact that parts other than the front wing can be repaired in the middle of races.  This isn't supposed to be endurance racing, and this takes away from the ability to have races with high rates of attrition. If this option had to be included, the game should have included ""meatball flags."" I particularly hate the system of promotion and relegation.  This isn't Soccer, and only three leagues (and thirty teams) is far to few to make promotion and relegation viable.  Promotion and relegation may be viable if one is playing the ""challenge mode"" of this game, but the game should require a promoted team satisfy a number of requirements in addition to finishing first.  (That is, have certain buildings and facilities upgraded to a minimum number.  Maybe even require a team have a certain amount of money on-hand.)  To be fair to the other teams, a relegated team should have their buildings operate at a reduced level to a league's maximum.  Sixteen locations is far too few places for races, and the ERS and APCC should not have races outside of their region.  I was skeptical when I saw there was no skill for race starts, and for good reason:  The programmers had no idea what they were doing in this important stage of a race.  (Especially since erratic starts do not result in multi-car pile-ups similar to the 2012 Belgian Grand Prix.)  Excellent starts on the other hand, are thwarted by a driver simply slowing down to match the speed of the car ahead, while even people who don't watch auto racing would know for a fact the faster car would try and pass the car ahead of them!Simply put, if you're a fan of management simulations, this is the game for you regardless of your interest in motorsports.    While the erratic movement of cars and lack of blue flags for drivers who have just exited the pits with a faster car approaching drives me crazier than a laughing hyena on crack rock, this still does not take away from the fact that this is one truly amazing management simulation."
,Recommended,415200,26516614,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,dk,Can't get out of last place with the bottom team. Accurate simulation of what it's like to manage Manor Racing Team.
,Recommended,415200,30115765,Posted: 23 February,all,GoodAlex,"I love it. It's rather simple and addictive, a great management game for those who love racing (I do). Don't listen to those who say it gets repetitive — surely, it is, but it's meant to be, because this kind of sports is. Pick the right setup, deal with the weather, choose the right strategy, repair, design, manage staff and sponsors — in the eyes of a fan, it's quite similar to the real world racing team's concerns.My advice, if you plan to buy it. Set the longest race length in the settings, then pick the weakest team in the lowest tier (because this is not mandatory, you can choose whoever you want), and lead them to success. This gives a nice, instructive experience, and keeps you on the edge of your seat in almost every race, because every single point does matter."
,Recommended,415200,26548483,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Bad Whippet,"Having enjoyed the mobile version of this game, I was delighted to learn that it would be released on PC.  Just like the mobile version, this game has a beautiful simplicity to it: tweak a bit, upgrade a bit, practise, qualify and race.  However, the PC version has been enhanced in every possible way.  It is now a fully fledged, thoroughly enjoyable racing manager that is STILL simple to play, yet is customisable in every way imaginable to please even the most die-hard manager-game fan.  You don't need any prior knowledge because the tutorial is detailed and excellent, and unlike many other sport manager simulations, it is a fun game regardless of whether or not you're a fan of the sport.  The user interface could not be better.  THIS is the Grand Prix of racing manager games - the one we've been waiting for.  I'm honestly running out of superlatives now, so I'll finish with a SIMPLY FANTASTIC verdict."
76561197971751458,Recommended,415200,34328841,Posted: 18 August,all,petester,"So I'm not a massive fan of motorsport, but as an engineer I appreciate the technical challenge of getting a car round a track faster than anyone else within the confines of a ruleset. There's a balance and trade-off to be made with many different aspects of the car and driver.The thing is whilst that is relatively simple to articulate, it's  completely different affair to begin to understand it. I mean, who has spare millions lying around to play around with a real motorsport team? Not many!I got the game as the premise sounded interesting. Rather than driving the car, you would be in the pit lane directing the action. The question is, would this make an interesting experience. I'd tried Gran Turismo B-Spec mode before, and not really been enamoured with it. Would this be different, or just the same old same old in a slightly fancier outfit?Diving into the game and just following the tutorial, it quickly became apparent that there was (a) a learning curve to go up and (b) there was more to the game than meets the eye. But it didn't really capture my attention until I started to make a few inspired ('lucky') strategic tyre decisions in a rainy race, and suddenly found myself no longer at the back of the pack but in the lead. All of a sudden it was a nail biting race to the finish as much faster drivers and cars slowly gained on my position... and fuel was getting low... would I even make it to the finish?Most satisfying second place ever, and a realisation that if a game can draw me emotionally into watching virtual drivers go round a track, it must be doing something right.This game is not another variation of a tried and tested formula. It's a little different. It will require you to think. It will require you to plan and strategise. It will require you to make some tough decisions.What a gem.Look forward to how the game continues to develop."
,Recommended,415200,27791963,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Benny,"Either I'm the greatest F1 Team Principle of all time or this game is incredible at making each victory feel like a hard fought battle of wits. I was concerned that this would just be a mobile game ported to desktop, could not be happier with how wrong I was."
76561198136767409,Recommended,415200,26535522,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,isuruspaucus,"It's the 4X RTS of Formula races.It's the ""One more Turn"" of motorsports.But a ""turn"" here is a race weekend.Between those races, you have to take care of your mount, discover and buy new buffs for ""her"".You must X-pand your castle and your realm, plan your strategies while you X-plore the Motorsport world and ensure that all the people that you X-ploit (and the two dumb knights kindly allowed to ride the beautiful roaring steeds that you raised yourself) are satisfied, and are always improving in their fields.Or you can fire their peasant asses if they're not worth the money, because in this game you also have to be an accountant.And after that, the X-termination is on the track.The races are awesome, you can really see and hear your ""Pilot-Knights"" react in real time, and all your decisions have a true and direct impact, from your vote at a Team Assembly or the number of people working on a chosen upgrade to the numerous real time ""micro management"" on track. Overall the game is very ""lively"" and never boring, even during long races. (Actually I enjoy the long races more)And you can be a big bragging jerk during interviews apparently.It must be noted that the tutorial is really good at teaching all the basics.All that's ""missing"" for me is a closer view during the races, and the radio messages should stay onscreen longer, (but you can pause, it pauses the messages as well...)It's the first racing management game I've played in my life (I'm older than Jesus when he died the first time), and it became one the best Strategy/RPG/Action game I've ever played.I love it, I already missed a night of sleep to play it, and I don't want to sleep anymore because I want to progress. I've started by the bottom, the European Championship with a bottom-tier car. Maybe if I quit my job, sleep 6 hours every 2 days and eat raw potatoes for a year or two, then I should have the time to win the World Motorsport Championship."
,Recommended,415200,26718636,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,the_rock0123,"35 hours into this game, although I have barely scratched the surface of this game (being only season 2 of my first ever campaign), I have enough of a play through to be able to rate this.  This game is ideal for me as I enjoy motorsport, management, business simulations and strategy. Having waited over a decade for a worthy successor to the wonderful Grand Prix Manager series, this game finally brings the motorsport management simulation genre up to date!  I can see myself putting in 100’s of hours into this game and it’s very refreshing to see a developer price the game FAIRLY without needing to do large discounts or rip off buyers.  I would value the game at around £34.99 but the full price is £24.99, so there is good value to be had here for buyers.The key features of the game are working as the manager of a single seater racing series team you need to keep the chairman of the team happy.  This comes from meeting his expectations – for some teams he expects you to finish last, other times you’ll have a target to achieve in the races.  Also in the races you’ll have a marketing target – hit a position at the finish and you’ll get a bonus of cash.   You do well in races by hiring good drivers.  It’s tough in negotiations, and you have to think very carefully, as a small team, what you want to spend on drivers vs their skill.  Some drivers will refuse to negotiate. Also you will hire chief mechanics (who get better the more they work with a driver and they can deliver race bonuses), and a chief designer (who can add special parts to cars and each have their own bonuses which you need to carefully consider).  In between races you can pay the designer some hefty funds to build parts and the mechanics will work on making them better in performance and reliability for the races.  You have MANY (expensive) options to build facilities, from factory and test track to a theme park.  Each building gives you bonuses and allows you to build better parts, scout new drivers easier, better weather forecasting, etc. All the while you have to save money for next years’ car – the more you save the better options you’ll have next season. Some nice features that add to immersion are modern e-mail inbox, twitter feed after sessions, you get to vote in the management meetings to set the rules for next season.  To keep afloat you’ll need to work on building a marketing rating, the drivers you select will heavily reflect on this using their traits (e.g. if they are a ‘model’, have a ‘famous father’, like 'motor racing sims').  Better results and a better marketability allows you to attract better sponsors who pay more cash. At the end of the season you’ll get creative and design a livery for your car, a nice feature to colour it as you wish.The races themselves are immersive, and you can play short races or long races lasting over 40 laps in real time (so the race could take 45 minutes or over 1 hour to play if you go for the long setting, but there are 3 speed settings in the race, even on top speed it can be a long race). You’ll participate in practice sessions to work on your set up (which you will have to get right), and, if the rules permit, qualifying. There are 3 series to participate in – a European Series (which currently uses reverse grids based on the current league table), an Asia Series and a World Series (equivalent to F1). The races feature crashes and safety cars, changeable weather (requiring tyre changes to wets/intermediates), pit stops for refuelling and tyres, break downs, run out of fuel, drive through penalties and after race penalties for illegal car parts.  Everything a F1/Motorsport fan would expect.  The graphics are not bad and a nice improvement on Grand Prix Manager.Yes, there can be improvements made. This game has only just been released so will need some patching. In my view the changes required are minor tweaks only. My main hope for the future is the developers stick with this game and we get good steam workshop and DLC – hopefully sports car series, perhaps motorbike racing, touring cars, more tracks (maybe a national series such as a UK series)? The limits are endless to truly make this a ‘motorsport manager’.The game also includes trading cards.For those worried about required specs, like I was, there is not so much need to panic.  The actual download required is around 6GB.  My laptop is a good few years old and within the bottom quartile of machines for performance, but still plays this game fine.  The initial spec requirements were very cautious.In summary, for business/motorsport/strategy fans this is a 9/10 MUST BUY GAME! The 21st century version of Qvadriga (with a LOT more features than Qvadriga – this is everything Qvadriga should be), and the sports management version of Civilization – building a racing empire from scratch (if playing Predator Racing), with each race having a ‘just one more turn’ feel. 'One more click' to move on time in the office to see what happens the next day and week…. Don’t delay, buy today - NOMINATED FOR A STEAM AWARD!"
,Recommended,415200,26621899,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Enwrong,"I have to say, this game has beenbetterthan I had anticipated. It grabs you early on and really gets you to engage in it, depending on the team you play as of course.Pros1) Driver Skill System - Realistic & rewarding to see drivers growing as you are growing when you pick up the game. Albeit the improvements are a little slow.2) Strategies - The diversity on race strategies makes the race always the most interesting thing in the game. Should I 2 stop and pound my tyres or nurse them and 1 stop and save 20 seconds of pitlane time?3)Expectations - At no point did I really feel like the expectations are too unrealistic, at least for a prolong period of time. In other games the expectations are far too unrealistic(Looking at you F1 2016) but this seems fair enough.4) Voting on rules system - Phenomenal feature. Should I look to bring in Belgium due to it suiting my powerunit or keep Monaco because I have state of the art brakes? Do I want the gripiest tyres even if they cost a lot of cash to see my drivers going flat out? You can try to influence the rules in your favour!5) Overtakes - Some of the overtakes are Verstappen like. And the battles sometimes are amazing to watch even at 3x speed! I can't emphasis enough how awesome some of the wheel to wheel battles my drivers have had and I'm in my 4th season.6) Interface - Quite nice, slick and not too clunky7) Car Development - Rewarding and it's not too pick on quickly and get it over with. You need to think how you want to develop your car. For eg. my number 1 driver excels in qualifying. So to further improve his chances I developed a gearbox with a ""qualfying mode"" (+40 Accel in Quali trait) to help him get as far up the grid as possible.8) Finances tab - Can plan budget well and make educated decisions for the future9) Some F1 Cameos being females - heheuheuheuheh looking at you Nina Holz.10) Pre Season - Very good. Enjoyable, purchasing the ""right"" suppliers is key to how the season will unfold. Shall I go with a Steinmann with better improvability or a more powerful Rossini engine?Cons1) Interviews - These are so terrible that after 3 you see the same stuff. Not to mention they always think your driver performed below par when they had a cracker. Please work on this as this is the most annoying thing in the game.2) Sponsor system - It's not bad but it'll never come close to the system Grand Prix World had which made you spent time chasing sponsors. Here you get offers and you just pick the best financially.3) China track - Buggy. Lead driver sometimes gets a lap on everyone else4) Bernie - He's a complete and utter &*$% who keeps voting against what I want.5) Scouting system - This is also awful. Literally start up the game and scout anyone. Before you scout you should be looking to target someone but since you haven't a clue on anyone's stats or potential you are blind to everything. Needs a big overhaul.6) Facilities - Doesn't feel engaging and I have barely looked at it. Literally feels like you get money and then buy them and that's it. Doesn't feel like you need to target one in particular. Also scouting centre is pointless.All in all, very impressive first crack at a full management sim. I'm happy with my investment and if you have a longing to play a decent F1 like management sim since Grand Prix World way back in 1999 then look no further.8/10"
76561197978125054,Recommended,415200,30790776,Posted: 28 March,all,O₃.Axagoras,"WHY IS THIS GAME SO MUCH FUN?!?! I honestly don't know! I don't know anything about real car racing. The fastest car I've driven is a Volvo station wagon. I once used ""carburator"" as a verb. My dream car is a Lifetime Bus Pass. But daayyyyuuummmmmm if this game didn't keep me up until 04:00. I have actually cheered aloud at my screen when a driver made a nice overtaking move. I have a spreadsheet to calculate tire wear rates. My wife thinks I'm crazy. I think she took my bus pass. Buy this game right now because it is of outstanding quality and more people should take note of it."
76561197967047266,Recommended,415200,33918547,Posted: 30 July,all,ElectronichEad,"not an easy game to master. You need a lot of patience and it can be a steep learning curve. Be prepared your team can fail from time to time, or that ego's can disturb the results and the relationships. If you love it, you will spend too much hours with this game. Patience and a lot of free time is demanded for this game.pro:/5 championships, but you do only race one (and they keep you updated about the 4 other ones)/invest a lot of money in your HQ to develop better raceparts or to train your drivers/GMA rules could  change every year, and you have your part in it by voting in whatever way you want/you can scout for better drivers and negiotiate a possible contract/you can look for a better designer and mechanics/every designer and mechanic have options that can influence the development of the car (designer), or give the driver some extra advantage (mechanic). By the mechanic it happens by developping a relationship with its driver/driving style has his effect on fuel and tyres. you can command your drivers' behaviour and change it immediatly during the race/carcrashes do happen, but it is very plain and you get no clue how it happened/morale of your drivers/3 gamespeeds during racing/you have to keep a big eye on your budget. Better raceresults can attrac better sponsors/mod supportweird:/as manager, you have to finetune the setup of the car for every race. Depending on the rules, you have the chance for practice driving for extra finetuning. Extra weird thing: they don't keep the data of your setups for future races on the same circuits/never found an option to fine a driver who's ego could become way of limitnegative:/don't expect shiny gfx, they are poor/hard to see who  has the fastest lap during the race/car behaviours are too squary and not smooth on circuits (especially in highest gamespeed modus)/cars can drive through other cars without a crash as result/practice and qualify parts can be simulated, and that can go very wrong/random traits that can result in a bad behaviour of your driver for a very long timestill, nice game(my apologies for typos.....i m Dutch)"
,Recommended,415200,28710285,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Freerider-Dave,"Motorsport ManagerShould come with a health warning, its that addictiveI have been waiting for a good Motorsport managing game since the release of Microprose Grand Prix Manager 2 in 1996. But this type of management game has been in serious decline. However now in 2016 it looks like the management games are coming back. With the release of titles like Transport Fever, Planet Coaster and Motorsport Manager in one year and all of them doing great in the reviews, the age of the manager game may be back.I followed this game since I heard of it as I was not confident it would be done right as there have been some ""other"" manager sims in the void since 96 but they have all sucked. After watching lets plays and seeing the reviews I decided to go for it. The lets plays did not do it justice, its better in every way.If you love your management games and racing this game is for you. It makes you want to play more and progress your team. The whole ""One more turn"" effect applies to this game, so much so that I set a record for mylongest session ever, at around 12 hoursandover 36 hours played in the first 3 days of owning it.I don't remember the last time I was so addicted to a title.I have played 5 seasons now in career and have stayed in the bottom league so far despite having opportunities to move up. You can take a team and build it to make it better and when you want to move up you do not have to leave your team. If your team does well enough the whole team and all its staff can be promoted to the next league. Even though I have stayed put for 5 seasons with 2 teams the years rules change, drivers, staff and teams move up or down, every year has been different with new challenges.The development is fantastic. Develop your headquarters to train your staff and designers and make better factories to make better and more reliable components. Push the limits on the rules by making risky parts and hoping you don't get caught by the governing body if you want.The drivers have permanent and temporary traits which change throughout the season. They can develop rivals, get injured, have affairs, get in to fights, find god and even get addicted to video games to name a few.Manage cash flow with sponsors and wages ensuring you can afford to make a competive car for the next year and that you can develop your insanely expensive HQ.At this time I have absolutely nothing bad to say about this game, apart from the scary amount of time I have spent on it in such a short time.Kudos Sega & Playsport, take a bow.Freerider-Dave"
,Recommended,415200,29933128,Posted: 14 February,all,ekze,"For a long time we didn't have a decent game in Motorsport Management genre, and now we do. It lacks in depth a bit, and seems maybe a little too simple, at least for me. While I seen posts on the forum that say that the game is too hard, so, if you like motorsport and management games, go ahead and buy this one!"
76561198095809603,Recommended,415200,30287319,Posted: 2 March,all,IrishBouzouki,"This turned out to be huge fun.I've never followed F1 or GT motorsports but the game draws the player in kind of like Football Manager does even for someone who knows nothing about ""soccer football"" <grin>.It is a management game, not a driving simulation.It doesn't have any F1 etc licensing so you will not see names or images of famous racing teams, drivers, mechanics, designers, events(?) etc. It is all fictitious except maybe some of the track layouts not sure.It is a simulation-oriented game and even though I know nothing about motorsports I'd certainly call it ""evocative"". Maybe the only thing missing from that evocation is the carnival atmosphere you hear about from real-life spectators of the sport.I enjoy the race strategy. I do see it as a little bit mathematical (for me that is a good thing), you have to figure out the fixed fuel-per-lap burn rates in the game for different engine settings (which takes a few laps of your first race) and balance those against ""tyre"" wear rates that depend on driver, temperature, track etc.There are a couple ways I've played this. Aggressive, once your parts have enough reliability, you use the fact that fuel weighs more than the time to add it in the pit stop (the big time consumption of a pit stop is entering and exiting the pit lane) and run high output with just enough fuel levels to cover the time it takes the softest slick to wear down. Or conservative, you use the fact that that pit lane entry and exit time is worth a second of lap time over many laps, so you load up on fuel for the long haul and conserve fuel and ""tyre"" wear as much as possible to minimise the number of pit stops. You can see there is some balancing to work out here and depending on your team and drivers and car the same strategy may work sometimes and not others.There are some quirks I've noticed. Some probably intended, some not. I'm going to give a lot of verbage to these because I don't see a lot of discussion about them, but don't let me convey that I don't very much like the game and rate it one my best Steam purchases.There are some annoying dialog issues that make no sense. Like one that asks you to ""bring in"" a driver that beat yours, and gets them mad when you refuse, but they happen to already be your other driver. So either answer you♥♥♥♥♥♥off one of your drivers. Not that unavoidable ego issues are not part of the sport (they are a big part of this management sim) but the pretext in this case is absurd. However, okay, that is not huge deal and I'm sure in some future patch it will be handled.Also, your first set of ""tyres"" in a race will start at a lower temperature than every other set put on the car at a pit stop. I know nothing, but maybe this is due to the time sitting still on the grid in the starting lane until the lights go out?The second and subsequent seasons all the cars start with very poor reliability parts, much worse than the first season. To the point where it doesn't seem like the intention of the design. I'd almost expect it to be the other way around. Note that the AI has the same issues here - first races of the season are fraught with mechanical issues for them too.The part design tool tips state unequivocally you unlock slots on design iterations. This is not actually technically how it works. You only unlock the next slot when you use one of the highest-grade components. That one is really annoying but just because the instructions mess you up a little in a long-term way (the perpetual chase of improving parts design is one of the main game aspects).Finally I will caution you that the game (at least since the GT patch if not before) has a serious actual bug, however, which I hope the developers will read about and fix.When the 1st place, or perhaps other, driver is a lap (or laps) ahead of a chasing car, and that chasing car pulls ahead, the game bumps the former-chaser's time by one whole lap all of a sudden (you can see the seconds whiz by on the upper left display). This effectively jumps that car up a lap and in some cases a car which has been lapped can even take the lead this way. Not sure it *always* happens (it is a busy game) but I've seen it 5 or 6 times now and have confirmed what seems to be other plays who have seen it (see link below).For what I suspect is another example see...https://www.reddit.com/r/MotorsportManagerPC/comments/5cmf75/annoying_bug_at_beijing_gp/This sounds like the same thing they just didn't notice how it happend."
76561198030410314,Not Recommended,415200,29372081,Posted: 20 January,all,Regy53,"To start with this game feels good, as a motorsport fan I was rather excited to run a single seater team.The problem is, in the end there isnt ""that"" much to do, practice and quali sessions are to short, setup changes are very few, driver feedback is non existant and in the end it just gets very repetative.I did two full seasons and have no desire to do anymore, it just became same old same old.not worth £25"
,Not Recommended,415200,33046730,Posted: 30 June,all,Sigør Bjørnhárðt,"Tl;dr :6/10 - above averageI'd really like to recommend this game, but it really isn't enough for me to do so.Motorsport Manager is REALLY fun at first. Especially the races are fun to watch.However, after 2-3 seasons, you've seen it all. Very little content, repeats itself pretty fast.The whole game is pretty shallow, no realism or depth behind anything, no fine-tuning.The learning curve stops where it should steepen.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- The interviews and events repeat themselves very quickly. Additionally, their quantity lacks, too.- There is no real interaction with drivers and staff, however there should be more, since they are the backbone of youteam, obviously. And you should have to check up on them to ensure they're doing fine.- Generally, not much to do between the races.- Very narrow selection of drivers and staff, very few unique personal traits.- You can't do anything with the buildings, zero interaction, just generic unlocks and stat gain.- The driving itself sometimes is pretty unrealistic and there are no collisions where there shouldbeYes, you COULD mod additional content (interviews etc.) into the game and i know, that MM does everything to support that. The problem being:The game itself provides little to no base mechanics to build upon.There is NO REALISM and ZERO DEPTH behind everything. Just take the higher numbers and done. There you go.The biggest issue here, the most obvious one, is the car development (-progress) and the racing itself.Instead of being able to fine-tune certain aspects of certain part in a simplyfied, but realistic approach, you just have every part's power defined as one single number (2, counting reliability), that's it.No actual testing, no fine-tuning, nothing.Sure, you're the manager, not the mechanic you might think, but in the end, you'd have the final word on how and where to improve the engine and what to change, right? You'd expect you could actively test your brakes or engines on the test track and let your drivers practise there, but no. Nothing.If you sell a game for that price, you should atleast provide a wide array of basic mechanics. You can't simply rely on the workshop to mod everything for you. Even tho this might legit be the strategy behind this title.Recommended?Full price: NO.-55%+ on sale: YES."
76561198054690021,Recommended,415200,28874526,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,COYI,"* * Update - having been too busy to play for a while (a 5 week period) I had another crack at this and have been blitzing it again recently...I also become a bit of a Team Principal god, with 5 WMC team championships under my belt... I was starting to get a little too used to the routine of my seasons though (not bored, just too familiar) and so I changed teams and decided to have a crack at a mid tier team in the WMC, to pull them up by the boot laces.This has re-ignited my passion for the game and having now completed 5 races in the new season, I have secured 2 podiums already. Loving it and considering I won 5 WMC titles in a row (with a Red Italian team), including one season where I achieved 15 out of 16 wins (30 podiums that year too), I cannot believe that I am now again just as pumped to finish a race, avoid a DNF, get some lowly points and grab two (lucky'ish) 3rd place podiums. My target is 6th overall this season, following years as the Champion... this is weirdly as exciting to me as winning week after week.Very cool game, keeps you hooked whether winning regularly, competing in midfield or struggling to grab a point, any point. Awesome... * ** * * * * * *This is perhaps the most enjoyable game I have played since I beat my Football Manager addiction.I bought this and whilst I don't get loads of time to play, with a young family, I somehow racked up 74 hours in a few weeks and have unlocked 50% of the achievements so far. you know a game has grabbed you when you go to bed thinking about set up and driver contract renewals!I love games that are not impossible but give you a real tough challenge. I love games that let my inner statto shine through and I love seeing what happens when I tinker with set up. I have scribbled notes, pages long with optimum set ups for teams, drivers, cars etc. and have enjoyed scouring this community for some great guides too.I have geniunely had a couple of happy 'fist pump' moments with this game too. For example, I won the Euro Series constructors title by 4 points at the last race of my third season and was really chuffed with myself. I have to remember this is only a game! My drivers were 2nd and 5th but I won the trophy I wanted. Then when I moved into the Asia series, strewth, I struggled and was binned after 2 races by my chairman (this felt more like a weird bug in the game tbh). But from there I moved on to another Asia series team and spent two seasons there before winning that constructors championship (and my driver won the drivers title) giving me a real sense of satisfaction. In the Asia series I had my first (and only!) Pole Position and was so happy I was: ""yes yes yes"" whilst pumping my fists! Like I say, I'm getting into this game. Then I moved into the World series and I am currently on race 5 of a very hard season but my driver (Zoe Sharp) just scored our first points of the season, with 2 in the bag. Amazing that this game gets you so engrossed that you are as satisfied when you get a huge result of a point at the back, as well as a win, a pole, a championship.I would love to see on the home player tab, even more career stats. I am currently on:Euro Series - 30 races - 20 podiums - 11 winsAsia Pacific Series - 31 races - 11 podiums - 5 winsWMC 4 races completedWhat would be great is to see that as well as these stats, I want to see how many Poles, Fastest Laps and Points Scoring races listed too. Also I would love to see the Driver championship trophies listed (there has been one for me). After all, like Wins, I was the team principal who oversaw all of these other achievements, so it would be good to see these.Overall, I am thoroughly enjoying this game so far."
,Recommended,415200,30645897,Posted: 20 March,all,X8CY,"How to do mobile ports, but in seriousness;Pros:Feels like a managment gameDLC (FOR FREE) where you own your own teamExtensive list of people to hireBased of real F1 rankings (gp1 gp2 etc)Vote on rules for potential changesThe now new and updated interviews (was one of my only problems and the fix it? kudos)Now the few ""cons"":If you don't own the GT DLC it all shows up the drivers the lot which is quiet annoying (although i will purchese this later it just doesn't feel right)after a while you get's repetitive (dur)now the ""neutral"":No competition (good or bad but the game is great)Nothing simallar on steam or anywhere to do with motorsport (correct me on this if im wrong please)Mobile port (might put some off but for me done how it should be)To the point: Great game small let downs need more managment type games of motorsport on steam like this as it has clearly captured the audience and i think that's great and the Devs are fantastic too.8/10"
76561198064204997,Recommended,415200,26519217,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,colindegreat,"Awesome, simply brilliant.  I have never took the time to write a review but forced myself for this.  I am an F1 fanactic and love strategy, management building games so maybe i am a little biased.  I play and love all types of games, Fifa, PES, F1, assetto corsa, stock car, Automobilista, Pcars etc etc, I love modding the heck out of all my games Ama, etc etc.I have been waiting since i am 16 for a great F1 manager game and never understood why no one was making.  I am 35 now lol.Anyway, I will cut to the chase.Pros = Everything, game is awesome and a must buy, cant wait to start modding it.Cons = Practice needs more time, more options on car livery design and sponsor colour and design would be much better.PRESS THE ADD TO CART BUTTON :)"
76561198001584373,Recommended,415200,34650512,Posted: 31 August,all,Sgt. Steiner,"It's obvious that one must always be cautious about user reviews due to the reviewer's inherent likes and dislikes. For 30 years I've mostly enjoyed war and turn-based strategy games. I have absolutely no interest in motorsports, just as I have no interest in football (soccer). But I like Football Manager, and I like this game even more.Main reason is it's much more visceral during the actual race. And I can play the game with some level of competency without reading a manual, guide or watching (ugh) a drawn out youtube video. They've packed so much meaningful decisionmaking into the management and the race portions, I can't see getting bored for a long while. And then there's all those potentially enjoyable mods on tap.It's one of the few (if any) games I've bought in a long time that is really worth full price in the long run. For example, I quickly refunded Paradox's Steel Division, but would definitely pick it up later on a 50% off sale. This purchase I don't think I'll every regret.Of course, once I figure out what I'm doing I expect the game to be even more fun. The car set-ups are the least enjoyable thing for me, but it's probably cause I'm too lazy to read up on it. Where did that ""perfect set-up"" mod go? The only nitpick so far is the writing style for the fans' and media's comments. It's like ya man, I'm so cool. But hopefully, there will be a mod for that, if there isn't already.No computer crashes, no bugs I've noticed, and it runs all-out on a vanilla i7 3.6 (16 ram) with a lousy GeForce GTX 745. I can't imagine how much ""real"" racing fans must be enjoying this, and would be surprised if any general strategy gamer would be disappointed with the purchase."
76561198088125887,Recommended,415200,32375556,Posted: 12 June,all,MasterGaGo,"As a fan of management games this game was great, and if you are concerned because you know nothing about formula 1 dont be concerned cause as a man that knows nothing about f1 I didnt have any problems playing the game and the reason to that is probably that the game does not need you to know anything think of it like a normal racing game like project cars but you are not the one thats racing you are the one thats managing the team  and you nearly have all the control over the whole team and if you buy this game I recommend you to choose a team from the lowest league like Archer BMR or Dragon Racing and make them a world class team."
,Recommended,415200,26509508,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Wasp,"This game is the Football Manager of motorsport management.You'll quickly get used to the GUI, which looks a lot like FM.Currently I played an hour, in the middle of the (extensive) tutorial. The possibilities seem endless, and I have just done one race.Speaking of that, I'm going to start it up again."
76561197968593879,Recommended,415200,26522463,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,SamHandwich,"Feels like a worthy successor to Grand Prix Manager 2...FINALLY! Just going through the tutorial, starting from barebones basics and giggling as each new nuance was revealed was fantastic. This game seems to have a lot of depth. It seems like there is a lot of strategy to manage and a lot of fun stuff to play around with to try to manipulate a good result.It feels like Grand Prix Manager 2 updated 20 years! The UI is snappy and inuitive, the tutorial is exhaustive (and necessary, given all the depth!) the races are pretty and tense. There's a ton of data, and I think more will be unlocked when the HQ is upgraded.Yeah, I'm excited. It seems like they NAILED a genre that has been waiting for someone to nail it for literally 20 years. THANK YOU!"
76561198260256208,Recommended,415200,30743890,Posted: 25 March,all,Seiya,"Me : Just one more race....6hrs laterMe : Wow its already morning, well just one more raceand so on"
,Recommended,415200,31264860,Posted: 20 April,all,Doc,"I thought this game was great, then I discovered the mods.... maaaaan having the real F1 season makes it a million times better, with all the real drivers, sponsors, mechs etc.  I recommend this game to anyone.  Just awesome and so addictive!"
,Recommended,415200,32377823,Posted: 12 June,all,eugen_gherman,"TLDR: it was a nice surprise (fun management game) - really happy I bough itThe good (some of them): it is an engaging game if you like management games and are ok to watch the race and manage it rather than drive yourself (driving is not possible since this is a management game)It can be chalenging sometimes to take responsability for the fails of the team, instead of cursing at the driver who crashed because you told him (or her) to push instead of driving safe :DYou get to hire drivers and mechanics, decide what buildings to add to your HQ, decide which parts to improve on. Having a long term strategy is important. You get to manage the race which adds to the entertainment.Drivers get some permanent traits as they get older as well as some temporaty ones which make everything less predictable and more engagingWhat can be improved: the tooltips could be better (there are still some adjustments I can make to the car which I do not undrestand completly)I wish I could save the emails from the scout (looks to me like the very old ones are deleted automatically)More diverse and fun reporting of the race results would be nice (maybe also a few ways to watch the race after it is complete and just enjoy the highlights of the race in nice cinematics)The bad: Important information about the race is no longer available during practice (such as number of laps and weather expected to have during the race, so you need to learn this info before you start the practice)"
76561198059058879,Recommended,415200,31640683,Posted: 8 May,all,SnowKid,"If I had to describe this game in one word... I wouldn't be able to. It's literally amazing, fun and addicting all at the same time. Originally when I found that game, I was looking for a motorsport game that's chilled back and relaxed. I saw the game and was like ""Yeah, that's the perfect game I am looking for!"". Welp I have not been more wrong in my entire life... This game is all but chilled back and relaxed, especially during races. You have to make split second decision, which can not only determine the outcome of the race, but the outcome of the whole season. Insane right? And it's right here and the click of your fingers!Overall it's decently optimised, since there's a 2D mode, for slower PCs, and a 3D, over the top, mode with fancy environmental graphics, of the track and all the stuff around it, as well as cool car models.Everything in the game is not licensed so track names, team names and driver names will be different but they represent their real life version clearly. That's not a problem though, since Motorsport Manager also has a great community! Since the implementation of the Steam Workshop, a tone of people have started making mods, which even change the cars used and update the info of teams etc. so that it is like the real life one.However, a big disclaimer is that the game requires you to have some understanding of Motorsports and particualrly open-wheel racing, since the base game is focused around the formula series, and the main thing in the game is strategy and car development. Of course the people at Playsport introduced a DLC, which you can buy for 7.99€, that adds the GT side of things to the Motorsport world.Playsport Games haven't stayed in the shadow and not done anything, they've added 2 more DLCs: a car livery pack, which allows you to change the looks of your car in-game, and a ""Build your own team"" DLC, which to be honest who doesn't like to imagine that they've created a brand and run it themselves and see their brand succeed. And that's not even the good part, those 2 DLCs are entirely free and you can get them when you buy the game!All in all the game is great, you should 100% get it if you are motorsports fan, if you are not, you might have trouble at the start but with the instructions and experince you should be able to pick up the game easily since the machanics aren't    unnecessarily overcomplicated."
76561197971724802,Recommended,415200,33157323,Posted: 2 July,all,Pontifex Maximus,"Motorsport Managergives you full access to the running of a motor racing operation: car development, staff negotiations, driver scouting and contract discussion, sponsorship, team factory development, livery editor, press interviews, voting on rule changes and managing general finances – all of that before what happens at the race weekends themselves.Upon loadingMotorsport Manageryou are launched straight into a tutorial mode taking you through a race weekend and what you need to learn between races to turn your chosen team to manage into a championship winner. The tutorial is lengthy, but bear with it as it is informative. Following this, you get helpful hints accessed through a floating question mark over pretty much every area until you get up to speed.As soon as that race finishes, you want to see how the result affects the championship, go through the debrief of the race weekend and immediately prepare for the next race. That notion of “just one more” is here, and before you know it you've been playing for four hours. You can expect to spend an hour in a full race cycle, from preparing the team for a race at the factory and doing the race weekend. Seasons will take a long time to complete so there is plenty of depth withinMotorsport Manager.Playsport Games has truly captured the essence of F1 without the need of a license. The off-track politics  are wonderfully included and the foundations have certainly been laid for what could be motorsport's answer to Football Manager.Motorsport Manageris a very fun and unique racing game that allows you to focus on so much more than steering and acceleration. A much more realistic racing game than one where you just drive, this game gives you the experience to see how good your driving decisions really are, and with great graphics and a easy to learn set of controls, this game is a fun addition to any gaming library.THE GOOD- Great graphics- Easy to learn- Focus on strategy- Dilemmas add extra spiceTHE BAD- Relatively slow races- No official license9/10DISASTER | BAD | MEDIOCRE | OKAY | GOOD | GREAT |AMAZING| MASTERPIECE"
76561198008596951,Recommended,415200,32009479,Posted: 27 May,all,ArchAngelOsis,"This game is fantastic....the depth, intricacy, choices, effects of said choices...everything about it is exceedingly well done...and the mods..omg the mods...I lucked out and bought it on steam sale on a whim....and have been in love with it since...Things the game needs in my estimation:Ironman modemore random eventsrandomization when re-loading saves as presently you can simply exit and retry your race weekend with the weather/AI doing exactly the same thing....which while nice when you simply goofed a tire change v weather v water on track or you know...crashed. Is kinda lame...but it's replayability, enjoyment, pulse pounding ""omg come on .5 of a second faster drive you mofo drive!"" of it.....alone makes this game worth every penny"
76561197992206547,Recommended,415200,29954999,Posted: 15 February,all,B00tsy,"A fun manager game that is worth the price. It could have had a bit more realism and more detailed mechanics, but it is an enjoyable game for it's price.The graphics looks decent too. The 'depth of field' (zoom blur) is a bit to much for my taste and the camera zoom is almost non existant, but other than that it looks alright.The weak part of the game are all the texts in the game (and scripted text mechanics - emails etc). After 1 race I already got an email of my 'lead designer' that I should fire my 2nd driver (that finished ahead of the 1st driver)... because my 2nd driver was to much 'on the phone'. Come on, thats just silly. And more of that silly text stuff you see in the game.If you decide to buy the game I do recommend you to skip the tutorial and just figure the UI out on the go. The Tutorial is well intended by the devs, but it treats you to much like you have never played a game before... after 2 hours you still get text pop ups pointing out the most obvious stuff.The game also recieves patches and new content for many more play hours."
,Recommended,415200,29133283,Posted: 8 January,all,master32904,"You can tell that this game was made by people who enjoy motorsport for people who enjoy motorsport.  I think I have put in nearly 50 hours in barely over a week.  There hasnt been a game that monopolized my free time like that in many years.Basically you become the team boss of an F1, F2, or F3 analog team.  You run HQ, the drivers, the car development, staff, and of course the race itself.  I wont go into great details, but its engrosssing and addictive.  Even media, rule voting, and scouting of drivers play a crucial role, and change from year to year while maintaing continuity across all divisions, teams, and, individuals.  You could concievably play forever as I am not aware of a year cap.I prefer to start at the bottom and work my way up in games such as these, and I am currently 5 season deep with ZRT.  They are an F3 outfit that are ranked 9 out of 10 at the begining, were now up to around 4th-5th, but I am looking to move to another team soon I think as I dont see ZRT being able to win a champianship anytime soon.  Maybe a move to F2 is in my future?  Did I mention you can apply for the boss job at other teams?All in all, its an amazing game.  The only negative thing I will say is that there are bugs.  They are not game breaking, at least not for me.  But from going through the discussion and bug reporting boards they are for some people.  However, as the majority of the reviews state, the enjoyment factor is through the roof regardless.9/10 with the bugs, and absolute 10/10 once they are taken care of."
76561198074982783,Recommended,415200,26550282,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,spitzser,"Really good game , took be my surprise . I was waiting for a good manager game after f1 manager 1999 and this game delivers in terms of excitment and complete management. Can't wait for the next series. I would recommend a buy if you like formula 1."
,Recommended,415200,30176471,Posted: 25 February,all,Berto,"It feels like its still in an embrionary state and it kinda is,if we compare with other manager games this is just their first try. But its a great game already, very addictive and a must for any F1 fan. The devs are supporting it and the future is very promissing.4/5"
,Recommended,415200,26530252,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,wyanSS,"After about 3-4 hours of playtime, I can say this game is exceeding expectations in a lot of ways. I'm not typically one for manager games, they typically bore me and I find the lack of depth to be a big barrier for my enjoyment. After some dated experiences with iGPManager (An all-online GP team manager) and fiddling with the mobile game (which is fun, but only for about a week), I pre-ordered this with the hope that it would scratch the itch to have a deeper world to dive into.Now, I saw a lot of potential from the mobile game, but this is another level beyond what I imagined. As an avid fan of motorsports on an international level, it is rare any video game released has truly done the sport justice. They usually miss a few things, or dumb too many things down for accessibilities' sake. This game has missed nothing. I haven't completed a whole season yet and haven't gotten to all the features, but when I saw this game has depth, I mean it. You could bury it all the way at the bottom of Mariana Trench and it'd still out-crest Mt. Everest. Maybe it's just the excitement talking, and maybe it'll start to get repetitive, but with bi-monthly votes for rules changes, constant upgrades and expansions to facilities, and the dynamicism of the races, I doubt it. I think I've found my home in the manager games market.With that said, I still do consider this game to be accessible to the masses. The tutorial started to get a bit naggy to me as I got off and going, but it is presented in a pleasant and ultra-informative way. I have no doubts you could pick this game up and play with no motorsports knowledge, although you will learn a lot along the way. A suggestion to all, fans of racing or not, poke around all the menus, and read all the tutorial screens, and peek at all the tooltips. There is no way to have too much information in this game of milliseconds.There are tons of buffs and nerfs that drivers either possess for their life, or for short times based on life events. I scouted one driver that was down on focus because of his secret affair. Another driver was labelled as a 'scaredy cat' and was not keen on overtaking or braking. Also, all of the personnel have histories, some reaching back decades. They've worked for previous teams and can even bring over knowledge as you progress. The negotiations for hiring new staff are, in my opinion, robust, as well as the relationship and morale systems for drivers, mechanics, and teammates.There are more things to this game, single race mode and challenges, but I haven't even had time to look into them. I'm currently enamored by all the work I have to do to push my tier 3 team to the top of the standings so I can take over the next championship, on my way to world domination.If I had any nits to pick, it would be the lack of customization. You pick an existing team, and go from there. Perhaps there is a chance to run a team from scratch, but I couldn't find it. However, that is more realistic for the majority of cases, not many managers start their own team. Regardless, changing the logo and colors, and even the name would be a welcome feature. Also, unless front and rear wing changes affect the looks (my series currently has sepc front and rear wings) the car is always looking the exact same. Not that it sits front an center very often, but sometimes the details play a big role in immersion.TL;DR: This♥♥♥♥♥♥is deep, and it's good♥♥♥♥♥♥For $35USD, this is well worth it to ANY motorsports fan, especially an avid watcher of Formula 1 or WEC. You'll notice a lot of tracks are familiar, and there are lots of nods to the real world throughout the game. The developers truly are manic fanatics, and it has turned into one of the best motorsports gaming experiences I've had. If you catch this on sale by at least 25% and have any passing interest in racing or manager games, oh God please do yourself a favor and buy it."
76561198088325742,Recommended,415200,26510436,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,christop1034,"Wow I just started it and I love it! It's the game I've been hoping for. It is really in depth, watch the preview videos if you're not convinced...Also the requirements are higher then they need to be. I'm running on a 2014 Mac mini i5- @ 1.4ghz and it is totally playable.... graphics are on low but for a management game who cares!"
76561198029671297,Recommended,415200,26529109,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Flockman,Havent been this hooked on a game since KSP
,Recommended,415200,26522001,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,ProBoda,"I have been waiting for this game for a while! As an avid Formula 1 fan I enjoy all aspects of the Formula.  I play iRacing and I have been itching for a management game.These guys were responsible for the iOS app Motorsport manager and I still play it daily, though I found it wasn't nearly indepth enough.  Not enough choices, though still an amazing game.This game is everything I could ask for.  You start the game as a beginner ""Team Principal"" and jump into the team management right away. Everything from race calls, car setup, part design and improvement, factory improvement, driver relationships to each other and their mechanics.  Its awesome.Pros- Very indepth.- Talk to drivers to hone in on the perfect race setup and collect feedback- Design parts and♥♥♥♥♥♥off the number 2 driver because you didn't give him that new front wing.- Pony up to your team owner, or jump teams if you worry your job is in jeapordy- Decide how long you want race sessions to be and control every aspect of your cars.- So many more awesome thingsCons- I would have enjoyed a very zoomed out map of the whole track, as camera can only rotate around selected car. Still fine.- Tutorial is a bit annoying.  (But you can cancel it so thats a plus)Overall -  I love it, exactly what I was looking for!"
,Recommended,415200,33754349,Posted: 23 July,all,Chib,in my head i commentate the races with martin brundles voice
,Recommended,415200,26520593,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,TheHappyGamer™,"Danish version here, english under.Nu hvor jeg har fået spillet spillet nolge timer, så vil jeg sige spillet er meget sjovt :) Gameplayet er nemt at lære og sjovt på samme tid, en seson kan tag nogle timer, men det er nok også en af de ting der gør spillet sjovt.Vil ønske der var lidt mere ind bare F1 biler men det er sku stadig sjovt.Med steam workshop der også snart skulle komme, så bliver det her spil meget sjover.Det her spil er ikke for alle, så gå ind på youtube vis du har brug for at se nåde om det, og vis du godt kunne lide mobil versionen, så vil du også 100p elske det her spil.Træningen var lidt træls for mig, men var glad for at jeg kunne slå den fra.Prisen er så lidt høj synes jeg, men stadig et fedt spil.Med de ting spillet har at offer så vil jeg sige det er et af de beste Manager spil på market lige nu.Vil klaret anbefal det :) for mig er det et 9.3/10. :)English version:Now that I have been playing the game for some hours, I would say the game is very fun :) Gameplay is easy to learn and fun at the same time, one seson can take several hours, but it is probably one of the things that makes the game fun.i Do wish there was a little more then just F1 cars but it's still fun.With steam workshop also soon to come, the game whould be more awesome.This game is not for everyone, if you want to lern more then go to youtube, to also to se if it's for you, and if you liked the mobile version, so you will also love this game.The training was a little anorying for me, but was glad that I could turn it off.The price is a little high but all in all, still fun.With the things the game has to offer. I would say it is one of the beste Manager games on the market right now.Will 100% recommend it :) for me it's a 9.3 / 10. :)"
,Recommended,415200,27674565,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Saxton 6,"I'm in love with this game, and I don't even like motorsport in real life!"
76561198017427361,Not Recommended,415200,34848883,Posted: 9 September,all,Ralle,"Dont get me wrong; if you want to play a Race-Manager this Game might be for you. I had around 60 hrs of Ups (and Downs) with it. Building up your Car, Team, Buildings, Drivers etc. can be a blast. Graphics are okay, the Sounddesign is very good.When you come from lets say a Football-Manager and are looking for a different Discipline, then you are golden with this Game. The Managementpart is superb!But i come from the SimRacingside. If you think you can transfer your knowledge of Racing to this Game, be ready to be frustrated. Numberwise all the Things happening on Track might make Sense. But from a Drivers Point of View it feels like pure Luck or Misfortune (emphasis on ""feels""!).The thing that kills it for me is the Driver-communication.Example: Safetycar comes out; i needed Fuel and the Tires were worn so i Pitstopped. In the exact Moment the Driver is leaving the Pit he (or she) always -repeat- aaalwaaays tells me that the Safetycar is out (eeehm - thank you) and asks if he (or she) should take a Pitstop... while leaving the Pit with fresh Tires and a full Tank...Another example is Weatherstrategy: again i need Fuel and Tires, go to the Pits and look at the Weatherforecast. I see that in the next Round it will start to Rain and it wont stop for at least for a couple of Rounds. So obviously (from the SimRacer-perspective) i choose Intermediates (or the Wet-Tires).Back on Track the Driver always complains about the wrong Tires. Yes they are wrong - but only for 0,5 Laps.Driving these Tires for half a lap in not optimal condtions slows you down much more in most of the cases then taking an additional Pitstop.As i said: the Numbers calculated in background might make a mathematical Sense. But this is not how its working in Real- or Sim-Life. An unecessary Pitstop would cost waaay more Time.TLDR: If you are a Mangerplayer and like Motorsports - buy it. If you are a SimRacer looking for a different Racingexperience - stay away. I am a Sim Racer so i cant recommend it - sadly."
76561198091419372,Recommended,415200,26537773,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Cielosbane,"Well, in about 36hrs of owning I have played 16hrs. That says it all, second I got home from work I was straight on it. Exetremely addictive. It has the correct amount of detail without getting stupidly complicated. Balancing the budget to build a new car adds spice for the start of each season.Bringing back memories of playing GP Manager 2 back in the mid 90's as an 8 year old.I though the game was a little easy as half way through the first season I had reliable and fast cars (picked a fast team tho), won the championship and got promoted. By race 4 in season 2, I was sacked.  Hopefully there are more up and downs like that.Overall, this game is adddictive and fun."
,Recommended,415200,32820506,Posted: 26 June,all,QuikFlix,"Love the game even though I struggled a lot during my first couple hours into it. Love the UI, how they do voting and decisions for next year, and I really love the car progression over the many seasons. Overall I really like the game and how the dev's made it. Which is why it infuriates me to no end that they dont have a simple ""Save Preset"" option for practice/quailfying mode on the same map!!! Do our engineers suddenely forget how they tuned the car after every race??? Annoying as hell, and can be fixed with one button. DEVS PLEASE"
,Not Recommended,415200,26593943,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Iridium,"Another example of wishing there was a ""meh"" review.I enjoy the game, and I don't regret buying it at all. But I don't feel I could readily recommend it to anyone without a carload of caveats.In short, you will like this game if 1) you're a casual Football Manager player that doesn't go for 20-season-long dynasties, and 2) you like motor sports a bit, but not enough to be annoyed at how comparatively shallow this is.There's just not as much to dig into here as I'd want. Everything seems a little too surface-level, there's so very little nuance for the most part. As a car guy I really want to dig into it. What's the compression look like, how's the airflow to the engine, what's the fuel mixture here. Maybe work on specific engine components, not necessarily down to a micro level, but at least something to give it variance. Instead you've got GOOD engine and AVERAGE engine, and some have bonuses to things like top speed. Ok... can I get something more please?The overall team management is the same. you can hire three drivers, two mechanics, and a designer. All of that works vaguely like Football Manager, but there's far less nuance to building a team. Or to hiring sponsors, or to building out your facility beyond ""do you have enough money"". Managing the whole affair really isn't difficult once you've got a few basic HQ improvements in hand.And it struck me shortly ago that if they tuned down the graphics and tweaked the UX, this would very easily be an iPhone game. Actually, is it? Might already be. I should check. But it carries that kind of feel to it.So, no, can't recommend. Definitely wouldn't recommend at this price point for sure."
76561198020834787,Recommended,415200,26512166,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,PwerSurge,Having a blast asking drivers to floor it and shut up.Would send drivers to their potential death again to please our sponsors again.
,Not Recommended,415200,29875771,Posted: 12 February,all,Danzr0,"Eagerly waited for this but it's really repetitive, I think on the scale between depth and accessibility it's way to near the accessible side - which is interesting as F1 (let's face it it's F1) is an incredibly technical, nuanced sport with thousands upon thousands of variables.The game does an admiralable job, looks and sounds fantastic but the depth just isn't here - no reason to keep playing.Leaving a negative review but I don't think it's a bad game - just a lot of wasted potential - buy it if it's on sale."
,Recommended,415200,30892732,Posted: 1 April,all,Leeabe,"In the mid-1990s Microprose released Grand Prix Manager 2. It was a great game, but it was overly frustrating with all of its bugs. I have wanted a good racing management game ever since. Motorsport Manager is that game. It’s easy to get into, but still gives the player countless decisions to make that impact everything from finances to the race itself.It is thoroughly addicting, building a team, setting up the cars in practice, and then trying to determine the perfect plan for the race. What advantages to use, which tires, how many laps of fuel, and how long is that rain going to last? Then in the off season, trying to decide on the best people and infrastructure, while still saving money for parts and next year’s car? It is a constant struggle. The game is choice after choice where everything seems important. It’s maddening and addicting trying to figure out why I am still struggling in my 4th season of the lowest division.It looks great, the tilt-shifted races are beautiful, and the atmosphere sounds are also good. My complaints are that much of the interface retains the tablet born simplicity with a lack of information. Everything is easy to read and get to, but I would rather have had more information on the screen instead of the huge interface boxes. I want to see lap histories, sector info, fuel breakdowns, etc. They could include a lot more stats and put them in the data window where new players could ignore them, but veterans could dig into. The game is great because it is so easy, but it also leaves me wanting more.Also, why can’t I save car designs or see both cars set-ups at once on the set-up screen? Little things like that make me wish for more.My biggest complaint comes from overly predictable game events and the complete lack of a manual. The game is very predictable. How many pace cars will I get on lap 2 in a season? In one season 8 out of 11 races had a pace car on lap 2. Always lap 2. More than likely, if a car is going to crash, it will be on lap 2. I have seen a pace car on a lap other than lap 2 once (which came after a pace car on lap 2). It would also be nice if the game was a bit more realistic. A team wants to send their cars out on a soaked track on super softs? There should be spins and accidents, but usually it just means slower lap times. Car retirements, even from being stupid, are rare.But the lack of a manual for a game like this is just horrible. I have almost 50 hours in the game and I still don’t understand everything. There are so many factors to everything it is often hard to determine what exactly is going wrong. Are my tires worthless this race because of improper management, the outside temperature, the tracks wear level, or because this new chassis is horrible on tires? A lot of the help bubbles are good, but they provide basic information which is rarely enough. Often, I have no idea what a car or driver’s stats actually do, or how the system works. There are numerous guides and forums posts to help, but I often feel like they aren’t much more than what I already know. I find myself searching for dev’s forum posts just so I can get a bit of a glimpse of the how game works.Still, I love the game, it is a lot of fun if you like management games. I am just hoping for a Motorsport Manger 2 with an in-depth interface and a proper manual."
76561198157004861,Recommended,415200,28127951,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,SapphireCZ,"Perfect game. Lots of strategies to win a race. Conditions are changing during a race. It is hard to manage all the changes, sometimes it is more about the luck. But still I have a lot of fun."
,Recommended,415200,26588294,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,The Casual Doctor,"If you love racing, or if you like the idea of football manager but hate football, this is a must!I love the idea of management games, and have played several, but I have no interest in sports such as football. This game captures the magic of a good management game, but is so much more if you are a motorsport fan.I wish I was not skeptical about it, but I'm glad I bought it, because I'd be missing out on a phenomenally good game. 20 hours in a weekend where I actually had a lot of other stuff going on is testament to how addictive this game is- and not addictive in a mobile/F2P sense, but addictive because it's a damn, damn good game."
,Recommended,415200,26568656,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,nea102,"I don't normally review games, but for this one I'll make an exception.Having played Grand Prix Manager 2 to death back in the mid-90s, I've been eager to play a modern ""F1"" manager game. The last one of note was the imaginatively titled ""F1 Manager"" back in 2000 or so and it wasn't brilliant.Motorsport Manager, however, is. It's in-depth enough to keep F1 die-hards interested but without it getting bogged down in the details. You have to manage driver and team relationships, the mechanics and drivers bond the longer they work together and you have to get the results to keep your team owner and sponsors happy.The presentation is fantastic, if you've ever played Football Manager then the UI shouldn't take getting too much used to. The race coverage looks beautiful; the tracks are sublimely detailed with an abundance of cranes, tents, crowds and other assorted things you tend to find at a real track.The races do lack a little excitement (so far); it would be nice to speed it up beyond 3x (though I understand the limit here, any faster and your liable to miss a pit call or damage to the cars etc). The other area that is a little lacking is the car setup - it's pretty simplistic. Again though, I can understand this as it helps keep the game accessible to those with less enthusiatic knowledge.If you're a fan of the old games like GPM2 or are a motorsport fan who has played Football Manager then I can't recommend this game enough."
76561198038302560,Recommended,415200,26513393,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,ShufflingMonkey,"EDIT:01/01/2016Still a very positive game, but lately my computer has been crashing alot.. the last week ive played over 22hrs or so and the game has started crashing and more frequently. Never has in the past so im assuming they have done a patch that i havnt noticed and its crashing.I have also noticed that they fixed the blue flag problem with the backmarkers so now i can go into qualiflying without being holding me up. GREAT advantage, however, not the real deal! why apply a fix that allows cars to driver through one another? why not spend more time fixing the engine on the backmarkers getting out of the way?If the game had a racing line, then you would be able to easily fix the issue..simply when doing a hot lap, your on the racing line. when cooling down or heading to the pits, your off the racing line!?!?! SIMPLES!!over 100 hours now just like i said previously, and i still find the game rewarding and full of fun!however, i dont like seeing 3 laps to go with the safety car out and all drivers have pitted with the correct amount of fuel and new tyres, but being in first place and getting totally blown away by Stein motorsport by more then 20 secs is NOT REALISTIC!!thats the biggest con of this game, the game is far from being realistic!Another thing id like them to apply, is spending REAL money on the game to benefit your gaming experience! Just like you could in the phone app version!They have got alot to fix, but this doesnt change my view of the game. I still love it and even talk to my self every now and then as if im being interviewed on the game! lol...little personal fun but hey, its great!--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Even though i have only clocked up 4 hours so far on this game, Motorsport Manager definately lived up to its expectations!Ive played the Mobile version of this and have clocked up atleast 100hrs of none stop fun on it but this design in racing is literally all ive ever wanted to play!Motorsport Manager is a PURE management game! Can be played as a casual game but also take it seriously.On the good points, the game is totally decision based on how you like your racers to race! YOU ARE IN COMPLETE CONTROL! and on a plus side, the races arnt a 5min race like what the Mobile version is like!The graphics for a game like this is amazing, considering its all been transferred and redesgined from a mobile game app!Its definately worth buying, but i highly and strongly recommand you download the Mobile version of it first ( i think its free) before you play as for some people, it could get boring and get boring really fast!This game is not the for racing type gamers, its 100% management! to put it all in a nutshell, imagine you are Toto Wolff or Christian Horner. This game is literally like being one of them! and for those who dont know the names of the people i just said, then you might not wana buy this game.. Even though it does say MOTORSPORT, its really not, its F1, GP2 and GP3 but its not an official game from F1 ( FIA). Due to copyrights, i assume they decided to create their own style of brands etc as im sure it makes the game cheaper..so no, you wont see no Lewis Hamiton, Nico Rosbery or Daniel Riccairdo! But honestly, does this really matter?Being a true F1 supporter and fanatic, i loved this game even before it came out! i can see myself clocking easily over 100hours gametime even 1000 if i really wanted too!A true gamer with no history of playing the mobile game would rate this a 6 for graphics, 8 for gameplay and 7 for everything else. BUT!!! due to me knowing how much effort they have done to this game, how little the brand is and how they turned a Mobile game into a PC game, id rate all aspects of this game a 10/10!!You most definately need to be keen on management type games as this one is by far the most balanced management type game out there!!"
,Recommended,415200,26510871,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Nexxus Drako,"Very indepth and detailed game. Worth the money and is definitely a worthy successor to the king of F1 Manager games ""Grand Prix Manager 2""."
,Recommended,415200,26693957,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,ker2x,"I didn't know what addiction was before i decided to do ""just one more race""."
,Recommended,415200,26593383,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Firedog_Alpha,"I know nothing about F1 racing, but this game is still amazing. Its easy to pick up, the UI is amazing, and overall just a fun game.If you like management games this is a game for you. Be careful though, its addicting."
76561198014303003,Recommended,415200,26578080,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,BLAZEUS,"im not really fond of this  managing type of game, but since i love F1 ummm lets try it.BAM!! ,...this is game is a superb amazingly very GOOD!!!>> lets try the race,..command push strategy, attacking and overtaking...@@#@HK@ !!!! CRASHED!! noooo... my driver kissed the wall,...damn you driver, you cost me alot.11/10 love to push/attack strategy again :DPros :- Beautiful UI, slick, informative ,easy to adapt- 3D racing and veryyyy beautiful!! good JOB! dev- WARNING!!!...highly addicting!! youve been warned!- the gameplay superb! very complexCons:- currently no mod, hopefully in the future- currently no option to create your own team (Team's name, drivers etc)- currently i dont know Anymore :P ...all is goodStop reading!!,...get the GAME!!.. Vrooooommmmmmmm!!!!"
76561198128943133,Recommended,415200,26603310,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Equinox,"I was really sceptical, because as a F1 fan, I was wondering if I could be interested in a fantasy racing management game for long. But I have to say, the game keeps me motivated so far. I think the management part is very in-depth and the races demand strategic thinking to be successful.And even features like promotion / relagation of teams between leagues, which didn't seem to make sense to me at first, work for me. It's kind of Football Manager with Racing Teams, and a simulation model of a full in-depth racing manager.There are several glitches in the races, like drivers sometimes make braking mistakes every lap causing the tires to not last longer than 2-3 laps, so every car will pit like 10-12 times a race. But those are rare, and the game has only just been released and those errors will hopefully be patched soon. 90% of all races work without any relevant glitches and I didn't notice any bugs in the management part so far at all.I can recommend this to every fan of sports management games like Football Manager, OOTP or similar. Hardcore F1-Fans should probably wait until there are F1 mods."
76561197978519385,Recommended,415200,28476519,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Pathogen,"Very good game, though could be a lot better.  Once you have setups for your cars for certain tracks, it would be very nice to just be able to ""Load"" these presets.  I shouldn't have to play with a notebook beside me to track settings.  Would also be nice to be able to early-end practice sessions and to end both practice and races early if someone's run out of gas / going so slow that it takes 2+ minutes to end the final lap.  Money management is very tight; you can't really have a decent 3rd driver because you'll just have negative cashflow.  I've stopped playing the game because these things are just so tedious but it's fun for a while."
76561197961323763,Recommended,415200,28779322,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,LeBlaque,"My first review, as Motorsport Manager ticked off so many boxes that it encouraged me to sing its praises.  I am an 'elder computer gamer' of over 30 years since the early 'RGB' days, and as such, have played hundreds of computer games.  Foremost, Motorsport Manager has adopted numerous game mechanics from some of the better products without a hint of plagarism.  There are short and long-term decisions required; strategic as well as tactical decisions; real-time elements and thoughtful 'over a beer' decision-making without the pressure of a clock.  There are building game elements, racing game elements, team management elements, financial decisions, car livery colors, voting on rule sets, on and on.  Regardless of your interest-- or lack thereof-- in Formula 1 Racing, this is an exceptional management game ranked near the top of my list in this computer-game category.If you have been thrilled by such products as X-com, Cities Skyline, Bloodbowl, Dungeon Keeper, Front Page Sports Football, MLB 'The Show,' Railroad Tycoon or Rollercoaster Tycoon, then Motorsport Manager will scratch the itch.  While it has a few flaws, many of which I suspect will be patched, it is definately worthy of a purchase and support for this smaller developer.  Within just the last 6 weeks they have provided free liveries for the cars-- I can't wait to see how they continue to develop this outstanding product."
,Recommended,415200,29694775,Posted: 4 February,all,uGlc,"I'm not a motorsport guy (I don't even watch F1 on TV) but really enjoyed this game. It's a bit casual compared to the other ""manager"" games on the market but this is an upside for people like me. Its deepness (and also style) is like Fifa Manager, so if you are looking for something like Football Manager, you can be disappointed.If you like management games, I can recommend this game. And if you like motorsports, most probably you'll enjoy more.PS. You can find some amazing mods on internet. Currently some of them are not in the workshop, so you need a Google search."
76561198084841887,Recommended,415200,26627078,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Bender Rodriguez -F1AK-,"If you love motor racing or sports management games in general then this is a definite purchase! I enjoy strategy and management games and have been wanting something for motor racing for a damn long time. This game is everything you want from a racing management game and so much more. It's in an entirely different league to any other racing management game out there. And for the price, it's a steal!From the 3D world and races to the part designing and interacting with the Global Motorsport Authority and rival teams to determine the next set of rules, the game covers every aspect of open wheel racing in amazing depth. There's a large selection of tracks and teams across 3 different categories to choose from and with Steam Workshop and modding support coming in the future, this game still has amazing potential to become even better."
76561197970675870,Recommended,415200,26644019,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,HoLySmOkE,"The best motorsport manager game for years,i bought it in the afternoon and the next thing its 2.30am lolz,simply put if you like this sort of game its a no brainer.Great game."
76561197972435469,Recommended,415200,29344295,Posted: 18 January,all,BluePAL,"This is a superb game and incredibly addictive.  It's not overly complex to pick up and play but takes plenty of hard work and careful planning and refining to perfect.I am hopeful the longevity of the game will be greatly enhanced with further updates and community involvement and can't wait for further updates.One thing I would like to see, either by option (like Football Manager) or by design is to throw the challenge curveball.  I'd like to see randomised abilities of staff and drivers for every new game so we don't get to the stage that once strategies are refined, there is a roadmap to guaranteed success by hiring Driver A & B and Staff C, D and E for 2 seasons then etc etc etc.If you have any vague interest in Motorsport or Mangement games then this come highly recommended and certainy be prepared to have several late nights as it hooks you in!Would love to see an online version pitting real players against each other.... ahhhhhh"
,Recommended,415200,26513574,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Aviticus Dragon,"An utterly fantastic game. If you liked the Motorsport Manager on the mobile app, you owe it to yourself to buy this game!Manage an entire race team, from the ground up. Hire and fire drivers, engineers. Manage your money, and build upgrades to buildings giving your team access to better equipment, parts, drivers, engineers, etc.Create car parts, and improve their reliability. Read emails and do interviews, increasing synergy between your teammates or increasing your marketability between sponsors. Keep the same drivers to create a bond between their mechanics giving them better abilities. Your drivers pick up traits, good and bad. Scout new drivers, at any time to see what they are rated, or just go out and find someone you want and offer them a deal. Choose between short, medium or long races, and change at any time. Do practice runs to increase your gear ratios, tire pressure, suspension, and more based on feedback from your drivers and mechanics to perfect your car for race day.There's so much more to this game than I can describe. Buy it, play it, love it!"
76561198019755430,Recommended,415200,26519632,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Joeja,"Very indepth.The tutorial takes about an hour and tells you everything you might need to knowThe game itself is allot of fun, you sit on the edge of your seat most of the time trying to get your racer to the podium.Its not an easy click and see game, it takes alot of effort to do good with an overall bad team that you start with. ( unlike games such as fifa where you can win from the best using the worst )I like it alot, only 2 hrs in and will sure continue playing!"
76561198069986343,Recommended,415200,26567404,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Kearnsy,"My experience after 15 hours:Bought the gamePlayed an hourRefunded the gameRead some articles, comments, reviews and watched some youtube videos on the game againBought the game againUnderstood the gamePlayed 13 hours straightHonestly I think this game is incredible especially for someone with 0 intrest in F1, after a couple races and maybe a career restart you finally understand how the practice, pitstops and the whole fuel and tire tread system works.Also in some games you can play the♥♥♥♥♥♥team and still win because there is a difficulty setting and you can usually beat the AI. In this game honestly goodluck getting passed maybe 9th with the bottom team in tier 3 (out of 10).Honest rating 8/10 would love if you could skip time easier instead of simming through the days and also if the tips your driver gave you were on a sort of document so you could edit the feel of the car for the driver during the practice run. Because i sometimes forget if they want more acceleration or top speed etc."
,Recommended,415200,26534792,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,xdbullit MAX P1,"I played the app, it was a great app but I found out the strategy after playing it that long. This game however on pc has much more options and looks also great!pros:-3D race-A lot of options-3 race classes-Challenges-Random news feed-Quick to play, save function avaibele.cons:-Limited zooming in 3D race(I like to see every detail, I know its a management game but still would be cool :))rating 9/10Keep it up guys, thx for the game! :)"
76561198305329572,Recommended,415200,28971017,Posted: 3 January,all,Chuck Finley,First manager ive liked since the old grand prix managers of the 90's.
76561198062265037,Recommended,415200,33012369,Posted: 29 June,all,AlterEgo45,"I don't know much about racing, but I play a lot of sports management games and this one is among the very best of the genre. IMO it was a class of two: Football Manager and OOTP Baseball.... now Motorsport Manager joins them.The tutorial (if selected) sort of hovers over you as you play the actual game, instead of being something that you have to do separately. This tutorial is totally non-intrusive yet does a good job of explaining everything that is going on. The races feel exciting to me, and require thinking and planning to do well - like with setting up your cars, planning when your next pitstop should be, and what you're going to do WHEN you pit. In between races you're optimizing your parts and setting up the cars that will at least make your drivers somewhat happy. Like I said, I know next to nothing about racing but was soon able to pick those things up.This game really looks and feels like a AAA title - Football Manager level graphics and interface. I haven't found a single bug, or come across anything that hurts the flow of the game.I got Motorsport Manager on sale. Ordinarily this game is expensive, but it is worth full price. My only regret is that I waited so long to buy it."
,Recommended,415200,30511137,Posted: 14 March,all,Poor Old Peeler,"You can see the influence of the old F1 manager games as well as modern Football Manager in Motorsport Manager; it's a reasonably deep management sim that in my opinion strikes a really good balance between interesting racing but also fun gameplay to go with it.The lack of licensing is also dealt with really well, the championship structure is similar enough to Formula 1 that you know what it's like, without the lack of branding ever being immersion-breaking.I also like the fact they are releasing free DLC alonside the paid stuff, and that there has (so far) been good post-release support."
,Recommended,415200,26520220,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Wolfixi,This game is so ***ing realistic that when you enable the low engine mode the back red light start blinking.
,Recommended,415200,33783157,Posted: 25 July,all,Osqar,"- Plan Your drivers to be 1 lap of fuel apart- Call to the pitstop the wrong one- Make the other one drive full lap without fuel- Blew the race completely- Say Yourself ""We can do better""- ""Just one more race and we go to sleep""- Look at the clock it's already 05:00 AM and You should start preparing to work...11/10Would go to work without sleep again."
76561197981121103,Recommended,415200,26589999,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Mogsey,Once upon a time there was a game called Grand Prix Manager and it was a crackingLet's just say that this game faithfully adheres to all the things that made that game great.Overall9.5/10
,Recommended,415200,27032724,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Fulysic,This game is alot fun so far 35 hours still enjoy it with latest patch i hope some of the bad bugs are gone
,Not Recommended,415200,33852653,Posted: 28 July,all,Tone,"Fantastic game at first, I was really into it for a couple of weeks getting to grips with how it all worked. However, after 3 seasons, it becomes repetitive and just a bit dull.Worth getting on sale for a few weeks of enjoyment. But will soon end up being another greyed out game in your library."
,Recommended,415200,26930144,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Zedonix,"I played this when it was just a phone game, enjoyed it a lot and was better than i thought.Then I heard this game was coming to PC, I was so stoked and followed the game 'till release.This is so much more detailed than all the other manager games, from fuel management to setup management.If you are thinking you should buy it or not, well I just say buy it because its f*cking awesome. One of the best I've ever played.I give this game a solid 9/10. Why not 10, well there are some minor bugs but the developer knows those and is fixing them."
,Recommended,415200,27083756,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Trip,Nominated for the just 5 more minutes award. Love it.
76561198029138619,Recommended,415200,28505168,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Dasp,"Beautifull game, lacks depth but still it's the best motorsport manager out there."
,Recommended,415200,28810464,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,tieio,A really fun and addictive management game. It is even good for someone like me who knows very little about cars or racing.
76561198023564976,Recommended,415200,34445088,Posted: 23 August,all,BlingZero,Good game - fans of Football Manager will enjoy.  Not easy and slow paced - but has good detail and flavor.  Hopefully series continues and gets deeper and deeper.
,Recommended,415200,30307191,Posted: 3 March,all,Skrrt Skrrt,manage -> setting -> practice -> resetting -> race -> finish - >  repeat
76561198385116343,Recommended,415200,31915268,Posted: 23 May,all,Mr G,"Easy to pick up, hard to put down... prepare to lose countless hours of your life!Just like Football Manager, Motorsport Manager allows you to take full control. Pick a race tier, choose the team or create your own from scratch, the choice is yours.There is much to consider, hiring staff, building factories, developing car components... the list is extensive, my advice? Build and improve every car component, and in this order: Brakes, Suspension, Gearbox, Engine. Aim for 75% reliability, get your race mechanics on the job!It is imperative to scout for talented designers, race mechanics and drivers. Hiring the best you can afford will improve your parts and pit stops per race ten fold.TOP TIP: Towards the middle of the season begin development of risky components. These parts will carry forward into the next season with the risk element being removed. Rinse and repeat this process!From F1 to virtual... the game features all the drama and politics of the sport. From voting on regulations to signing sponsors and dealing with the press, but the true test begins on the track. Watch a battle unfold in a 47 lap race in 3D, or 2D for less powerful computers. Come rain or shine, each race will challenge you, pause and think ahead... race strategy is crucial!This is just a brief taste of what to expect... I've logged over 50 hours to date and thankfully no issues to report, smooth as butter. Always save regularly as a precautionary.Overall no other sim compares, but patience is required. Fans of F1/GT will enjoy this experience. Build the team, master the tech, win the race!"
,Recommended,415200,31771473,Posted: 15 May,all,sCriv,"Over 200 hours played and I still can't find the words to properly describe how awesome this game is.If you're into strategy/management sims then you'll like this game.If you're into motor racing then you'll like this game.If you're into both, like I am - then you'll absolutely love this game.This game is just a pure out and out extremely detailed, multi-faceted, challenging and realistic motor racing management sim. Period.Struggling to think of any negatives, because, really, I can't, but the only slight snags are:1.) Real life teams, drivers and sponsors are not licensed, but this is not a big issue as you can quickly download MODS which provide all three very easily.2.) Long-term, the game does become repetitive and once you reach the top echelons it's very easy.Again, this isn't really a big issue, as you can always start over again, or quit your team and join a new one.If you're still bored, there are challenges to complete and obviously plenty of pretty challenging achievements to unlock.3.) The AI is pretty dumb on race day/quali at adapting to different weather conditions.I personally don't find this a big issue as if you are starting out with an uncompetitive team, you can exploit this to your advantage for some sneaky points.Besides, if you wanted to, you could always edit the game config to change the AI difficulty.Overall, this gets a 10/10.  Best game I've played all year."
,Recommended,415200,26775499,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Okanehira,"I played it for an hour and returned it. ""Eh, theres not much to it - its pretty shallow - not that much different from the mobile version, just with 3d graphics""Then it lingered on my mind a while and I got it back, and have now taken the bottom ranked team to thier first podium win. I've scrimped and saved all season on upgrades so my car for season 3 can be top notch to try and escape the midfield of F3 racing.I had to let my young Aussie driver go and hired an even younger italian kid, he's turning out to be a superstar in the making! My old veteran driver from my first season resigned as the number 2 driver for another year until he retires.Now the car has been upgraded and been through pre season testing I need to start scouting some new lead designers. I also have an owners vote coming up next week to allow development on the rear wing next year rather than using spec parts - as a low ranked team I can't afford to design another set of parts so i'll be voting ""No"".Ok so Germany is next, need good brakes and good suspension - got the guys in the factory improving the performence on those parts, wow it will be ready 1 day before the race - lucky me!New email - My young driver has been mouthing off to my engineers? What!? Argh but if I go hard on him his morale will drop before the big opening race, if I support him the engineers are going to go slower and the parts won;t be ready it time... what do i do?wait....when did the sun come up?"
,Recommended,415200,29031902,Posted: 5 January,all,Dudeth,"I have been a motorsport fan since i was old enough to appreciate the sound of a screaming engine.I watched BSB, MotoGP, F1 and BTCC and being a technically minded child who always asked why, i loved the tech and setup side of motorsport as much as the racing and the skill involved.I played racing games since day dot, from the notoriously difficult TOCA series through the GranTourismo and F1 franchise.I have dabbled in manager games before but none quite tickled my fancy, until now.This game is fantastic, for anyone who is a fan of motorsport and has an understanding of how teams, cars and drivers work. This game is a must. No game is perfect and this one has had its teething problems, which are being worked through (none of them are really game breakers) The community support, tips and guides is amazing, which shows the spirit of motorsport fans and soon we will have the workshop section of the game active.I have currently clocked 172 hours on the game (some may have been afk whilst eating etc) completed 9 seasons working with team China. Working from Euro, through Asia ensuring i upped my staff and HQ i have reached my first season in the World Championship, second worst car on the grid, but through using light, fast strategy with 3 stops i have won 2 races =)----------------------------------------------------------If you like F1/Motorsport and also have played manager type games in the past, this game is a must"
,Recommended,415200,33167521,Posted: 2 July,all,Lucifer,"If you've seen this game, you're on the fence, and you're looking for a sign to hit that ""Checkout"" button, this is it.Picked this game up a few months ago and clocked in about 90 hours in the first week of getting it. The learning curve is average (definitely not as steep as Eve Onlines), even less if you're familiar with open-wheel racing. Getting off the chairman's seat and into the drivers' was a factor in me picking up F1 2016 a few days ago.MM and F1 2016 got me immersed and interested in motorsports, it had me checking how much tickets are for the Melbourne race next year."
76561198050438721,Recommended,415200,26578414,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Sabereth,13 hours in. Loving it. Yet to win a rave but definitely progressing up the field. So detailed. By far the best strategy manager game. The only thing I would say it is missing is the ability to create a team from scratch with your own team make and colours.
76561198022347148,Recommended,415200,33236096,Posted: 4 July,all,millap1,"My eyes are literally bleeding out of their sockets. Why, you ask? Simple, because this game is flipping addicting. I have stopped playing League Of Legends over the summer, a game that I have been addicted to playing for last five years, all because this new game surpasses my expectations as of now. I had plans of ranking up in LOL over my free time in summer, but those plans have been replaced by playing game.Pros:-Challenging and balanced no matter how had or easy you make the game. At least in the create your own team in world cup campaign.-Verity of technology to research and improve your vehicle.-States matter in this game but slightly improve with new improvement or overtime. In other words, nothing large happens instantly like the real world.-Relationships, decisions, skills, and character straits matter.-Money tycoon at the start of your career in create your own team.-Major time killer-Graphics looks good, but at times, a bit glitchy in taking turns in 3D modeCons:-Addicting-Sometimes too challenging.-Requires a strong soul because expect to lose some races in career mode-Saving! Trust me it’s really addicting to save evetime when you have to make a decision, then go back and retry if the desired outcome did not happen.-At time races are boring and feels like a grind, particularly long 32 lap races with practice and qualifying rounds.-No action. Not an action game, but more like passive spectating.-Requires a lot of time.-Did I motion it’s addicting.Recommending-People who want a challenging, managing, time killer, (grinding), leveling, researching game, then this may be the game for you so please go and try it.-If you are looking for action, actual racing game in a car, weak souled (where you always win (get a real life)) game, then I suggest you try some other game.Other similar games:City skylineZoo tycoonFlight simulator xRule (not available not ☹)Transportation FeverMedieval total warCity in motionDid I mention this game is addicting that it forced me to write my first review!!!!!!"
,Recommended,415200,26538756,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Captain Parallax,"Coming from the mobile version of Motorsport Manager, I was absolutely hyped. The amount of features shown in the trailers was pretty stunning to say the least. If you played Motorsport Manager on your phone, you should enjoy this.Apart from all the racing, team managing and so on, there are a few really subtle things I like about the game. When the weather goes from sunny to clouded over, the brightness of the track, ground and everything will decrease slightly. Also, as I sit here, typing this at 3am, the game's exit button is taunting me, subtitled with ""go back to the real world.""At this moment, I almost don't want to."
,Recommended,415200,26600491,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,000,"MM is absolutely gorgeous in its design and art style, the dynamic 3D environments are just exceptionally beautiful.I've never had any interest in manager style games and of course, F1 is cool.. but I'd never thought I'll give such a game a shot. It surprised me at how detailed and realistic it was, with great replayability for sure. It doesn't bore you with the sort of details that only hard core fans would find interesting, but has a nice learning curve for someone who simply enjoys racing culture and also good enough to entertain those who always wanted a ""business management"" outlet for the sport.Price is reasonable and the team behind MM are extremely responsive to the players and fans.Don't listen to reviews that whine about price or how its ""not detailed"" enough.Honestly, some people have the habit of picking on every little thing regardless, so whatever. They think just because they paid a small sum, they are owed it. Lol. They expect everything They Like and Want in the game, if not it's not good enough. So don't bother with those sort of reviews cos they are the excessively opinionated and entitled minority.Definitely give it a shot if you're even remotely curious or interested in any of its aspects, it it Very worth the time!"
,Recommended,415200,29926153,Posted: 14 February,all,✪Jortsu,"This is the game if you want to experience formula 1 without playing Codemasters formula 1 games or that's the case for me at least. I have also tried some other racing management games, but this is the best one yet.Pros:+ Very well made and has only a few bugs that I have found+ Doesn't require a powerful computer+ (new) Workshop supportNeutral:-/+ Follows the same plot as other simulation games-/+ Can be repetitive-/+ Graphics don't matter in this game, but they aren't that greatCons:- Too simple on some aspects-  High price-  Game says that these super soft tyres last 10-12 laps, but actually you can do 8. My drivers have never done more or equal amount of laps as the game tells me my drivers can do. (Expect with a perk, when tyres last longer.)"
,Recommended,415200,26526095,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,oatmeal,"Suprisingly easy to learn, and very fun management game"
,Recommended,415200,26574954,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Ellye,"I know absolutely nothing about professional racing, nor did I ever had any real interest on it at all.And yet this management game is absolutely fantastic. The presentation levels are the best I've ever saw on this genre, the interface is even better than Football Manager, the tutorial and tooltips taught me everything I wanted to know and, perhaps most importantly, there's a real feeling of player agency here. It's easy to see how your decisions impact results.Fantastic game that I never expected I would enjoy."
76561198057869312,Recommended,415200,26579276,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,tocalegend,"Having spent hours on the mobile version, seeing the incredible improvements they have made for PC really brings the game to life and offers motorsport fans the managerial style game most have been after for years.The ability to work your way through from the the lower championships to the top tier is brilliant, giving you a sense of connection with your team - avoiding being relegated by my driver making a pass into the final points position on the last lap of the last race of the season gave a sense of joy I can only imagine real team bosses feel, they've hit the nail on the head with this.This in mind, it still has a number of bugs that over time will need fixing, such as lapped cars racing you and screwing your chances of gaining positions, similarly finding your car blocked by one and losing handfuls of positions because your driver doesnt move around, and intermediates/wets offering same lap times as dry tyres. All of these I hope they will fix in the future.Would recommend this game to anyone into motorsport or who loves this style of gameplay"
,Not Recommended,415200,26646627,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,[WK] Keragon,"I want to like this game, I really do, but they don't make it easy.It starts off great with a solid introduction to the game.  It has you calling tactics on your drivers for the first race and introduces you to all the controls dealing with race days.  After the first race it introduces you to the plethora of in game features to deal with both off track and on the track concerns.  You can easily see that there is a lot of well thought out detail to the game and plenty that will have a drastic impact on race performance.  Herin lies the problem howeverYou start doing like anyone would do, sink a tonne of money into parts for your car to bring its performance up.  Heck you can even see if you are on par with the car average and what areas your car is weak in.  By the end of the season, you've done a pretty bang up job of creating an on par or even better than average car.   Even with that tutorial race (which turns out to be a disaster for your standings) you have managed to finish up strong in the standings at the end of the year.Now it's time to design next years car.  If you are anything like me, you saved a lot of money for this and have a sizeable chunk of change to sink into it, and you do.  You assume that this will bring your car stat up and you will be a strong competitor next year.  Well, you assumed wrong!  All this does is improve the chasis stat's, which can help tire wear, fuel burn etc.  None of these do anything to boost your cars actual rating.  In fact, by re-designing your car, all that money you spent on new parts last year?  Gone.  It resets all your parts back down to factory stats and that car you just sunk 32 million into is now at the bottom of the car averages.You have a big hill to climb, so you get at it, sinking huge money into parts this season.  You are climbing, but you are still very far behind, and you finish the season with decent middle of the pack standings and your car is still far below average.  Then you realize that this is a never ending cycle of pain.  This never stops, each season you MUST re-design your car at the end of the year and it resets everything back to garbage.  Your competition?  Nope, their cars retain their stats.  In fact each season THEY GO UP while you start with scraps and garbage duct taped together hap hazardly which rears its ugly head for the first few races.  Parts explode mid race like crazy, your driver who was doing good is forced to make incredibly long pit stops and drops to 20th position while you scramble to improve part reliability.  Then you get to watch the screen helplessly as your drivers are overtaken over and over and over, not because they lack skill, but because your car just plain sucks and you CANNOT get it better fast enough.I just can't handle this rinse and repeat process.  Each season becomes the exact same as the first, a struggle to get the car a somewhat crappy form of decent that's worse than everyone elses cars.  Nothing changes, a routine forms and the game get's boring in a hurry.  After 4 seasons I'm done, and the third season was a massive struggle.  Maybe the game is more fun on a high performance team where your expectation is to come in 1st in the standings, but at least your car dosn't suck.Sorry everyone, unless this is on a big sale, it's only going to interest you for 10-15 hours before you get sick of it."
76561198098299089,Recommended,415200,26509994,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,mskervin,"Beautiful and full featured PC management sim, this is not just a mobile port despite the name. The price might be a little high for an indie game, but it should also provide almost unlimited replayability assuming the game mechanics hold up as I get deeper in.  Give this one a try."
76561197980578292,Recommended,415200,28128252,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,thewuff,Great game! Motivating and fun!Waited for a good tycoon like thise for a while now.
,Recommended,415200,26851511,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Hardwick,It's really good. Sacked Kacper twice.
76561197970739016,Recommended,415200,28204619,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Alabama,"I so wanted this to be great but it falls short in a few areas most of which have been mentioned by others. Blue flags, AI blocking. The hot patch improves things a little but it’s not fully sorted yet.My biggest disappointment is the career aspect of the game. Each new season is like starting again from scratch. There just isn’t enough recognition of the development made in the previous season. Even if you have invested the max amount of cash during a season and purchase the best fuel, materials etc. pre-season every component is awful in terms of starting performance and reliability. It then takes half the season to bring the cars up to the levels of the opposition who all seem to suffer no such penalties. I am not expecting a new car to be faultless from the start, but the car I start with ought to better reflect the investment made and the developments made in the prior season. I would be better off running last year’s car than investing in a new one each year, but that isn’t an option.I love the idea of voting to change the rules as this certainly offers some extended playability to the game. I also like the traits of staff that change over time and the little back stories, which gives them some personality.Signing new staff could do with bringing forward, we all know that most new contracts are negotiated and sorted in the last third of the season and not exclusively post season. You ought to be able to line up replacement staff to start at a future date.Mentioned by others I know, but too many opposition cars seem to run perfectly well for far too long with problems passing others with ease and even achieving fastest laps. Clearly I don’t know what their problem is but it happens too often to be believable.Even with its faults I keep coming back for more so it can’t be all bad. Fix the annoyances and it will be a great game. Add multiplayer and online leagues and it could be fantastic!"
,Recommended,415200,28446380,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Scott,"GeneralMotorsport Manager is a brilliant strategic game where development, finances and strategy all come in to play to see success. Now includes many new features such as; livery's, weather, events and watching the race in 3D adds to the immersive nature of the game. One of my favourite features is the changing of the rules between each season, this is where during the course of the season rules are voted for or against to implement the rule or not for next year. This can spice up the season and can cause teams to change their competitive streak.UIThe UI couldn’t be simpler. It is stylish which gives the game a great look and feel. It is easy to find the information you need and you can quickly react to events if needed. The logos and sponsors also have a great cartoon simplicity which look great on the car.GraphicsThe graphics is brilliant and have now added a 3D & 2D feature for those computers and aren't as powerful. The look of the circuits also has a cartoon feel while still looking realistic. I really enjoy the style of the game, although the look of the water can sometimes appear too dark depending on the angle you are looking at.I would recommend this game"
76561198147872651,Recommended,415200,31479833,Posted: 30 April,all,fokus_max,General great game but never ending problems with freezing the game. Sometimes there aren't any problems for longer time and sometimes suddenly freeze(still sound but you can't do anything).
,Recommended,415200,32866863,Posted: 27 June,all,Rengora,Football manager for Motorsports.. very enjoyable in-depth experience.. get ready to spend endless hours fighting your way to glory on the track and off the the track. in addition the mods created for this game provide an endless fun experience.. highly recommended game for motor heads
76561198202526528,Recommended,415200,33032318,Posted: 30 June,all,quilmore,"This game is addictive for some goddammed reason. As a Motorsport fan, I am dissapointed that they left some things out.But only very little. The developers produce a masterclass of a game, If you are not a motorsport fan, and just the average gamer, you'll pour hours on end into this, and come out knowing everything of motorsport. I wouldn't be suprised if real life Formula 1 drivers played this game."
76561198018583435,Recommended,415200,32840416,Posted: 26 June,all,Rave,"Incredible value on sale! This game surprises you at every turn with how in-depth it is and the commitment to realism and simulation. The tutorial itself goes on for hours almost because there is just so much to learn and be amazed by the dev's work on this game. Its essentially a ""Football Manager 2017"" but for car racing and with much better reviews. Watching the races unfold in 3D realtime is a lot of fun and the ability/core necessity of making changes and adjustements to strategy on the fly makes you, as a player, feel incredibly immersed in the motorsport racing world.- Free DLC lets you create your own team from scratch as opposed to chosing one of the default teams (which by the way all play out differently and have different goals, budgets, and starting raw skill (of the drivers and staff)).- More free DLC includes a bonus pack of liveries to customize your cars look. It costs a hefty sum to edit your cars visually which is more appreciated realism!- 5 different classes of vehicle (3 without $4 ""GT"" DLC) with different season lenghts, speeds, and budgets- 3 different race length (# of average laps per race) options (short, medium, long)- Challenge mode (a couple of tweaked seasons that add extra difficulty/challenge)- Single race modeBuy it, if you dont like it get it refunded. You will rarely see a game that has clearly had so much work, effort, and detail put into it for $12"
,Recommended,415200,32947365,Posted: 28 June,all,SarcasticElder,"As someone who played the moblie game for easily hundred's of hours and now well over 60 hours of this version of the game I am very confident in recommending this game to any racing(F1or touring car)/managment game fans.The learning curve is not to steep as the game has a wonderful tutorial.The level of detail is high and you can tell that the dev's truely poured their hearts into the making of this game.The Steam Workshop intergration is perfect with a strong player base producing a long and ever growing list of well made mod's.DLC is fairly priced and adds even more top notch content. (even an entire new series (touring cars) basically doubling the already high replay value)I don't know what else to say, if your a racing fan this game is a must own in your steam library.:chiefdesigner:(only this I want now is version of this game based off the Nascar series)"
76561198142432515,Recommended,415200,33212578,Posted: 3 July,all,michaelmcnair,"Great game, cant stop playing it. If you love racing and management games then this game is for you. Must buy even if its not on sale."
,Recommended,415200,33503140,Posted: 13 July,all,Baby Kingpin,not easy to make a legend team
,Recommended,415200,27042577,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,KURT RUSSELL,"At the moment of this review I have 70 hours played in 2 weeks, and I am just finishing my 5th season.All i can say is that I am truly impressed with the balance this game shows. I played every single FM since 05, and after couple seasons it's easy to stay at the top. Not in MM.The rules changes over seasons, and there's a constant need of evolution to be competitive - what makes this game interesting and unique at every new season.It took me 4 seasons to be champion with Van Dort (Force India equal), of both drivers and team championship, and 5th season was a disaster, even with excellent drivers and an expensive car.If you like management games and racing, Motorsport Manager will surely please you."
76561197988942035,Recommended,415200,28146595,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Taurean71,"Can be frustrating at times, but also can be fun. Lots of detail, but fairly easy to play. Overall an enjoyable game."
76561198014645565,Recommended,415200,29437403,Posted: 22 January,all,blackhawk.16,"This game and Football Manager - another title published by SEGA but developed by a different studio - are not that different. Both rely heavily on data sets that can be refined and shaped by the player to determine the outcome of a sporting event. The difference - and where Motorsport Manager bypasses its peer - is that this is how motorsport is *supposed* to work. 90% of the work is done before the race in designing car frames, tuning parts, and making on-the-fly adjustments in practice, so that by the time the driver even gets in the car, there is a general idea of how the race will go, and there's no chance an otherwise competent fullback will watch a winger fly right by him to have a crack at goal while he stands there picking his nose.MM takes that built-in advantage over other sports sims and runs with it; while it's not some sort of massive, revolutionary triumph, it does what it sets out to do and does it well.Sim games like this normally are about the underlying mechanics rather than the visuals, but credit where credit is due - this game is a lot prettier than many of its peers in the field. The diverse list of tracks (most of which are unliscensed stand-ins for their real counterparts) cover a diverse range of locales and all have different personalities, from the wealthy ports of Qatar to the desert heat of Phoenix to Belgium's corner of the lush Ardennes forest. Beijing's circuit even has a noticeable haze from all the smog!While it could end there, tracks all have different personalities on-circuit as well. Some places get more rain, requiring more intense tire strategy. Some of the hotter spots might affect part wear differently, and every track has a set of parts that need to be at peak performance to have the best chance at a good run.That's where part design comes in. You build your base car at the start of the season but are able to add parts to it in one of six categories (front and rear wings, brakes, gearbox, suspension, and engine) which all affect the car in different ways. Those parts can be improved and made more reliable over time by your performance team as they tap the potential you lay into the parts when you order them built. Parts can and will break down or outright break on you during the season, so all these various organs have plenty to keep them busy over a full season.Players also get to negotiate sponsorship deals and use that money to develop cars, parts, and the campus on which your race team works, going so far as to add a theme park and production car factory once you hit the biggest of big times.But to do that, you have to win races, and, surprise, that's really freaking hard. Strategy is crucial to beat the aforementioned dynamic weather plus other drivers, and a bad practice session (or one that doesn't reflect likely race conditions) can put you behind the 8-ball before you even set your qualifying times. This is where your drivers come into play and disrupt all the cold, straightforward math; they might not tell you if certain things are working certain ways, and that could cost them precious seconds in the long run. The less information and feedback you get from your drivers, the worse the cars perform vs. their potential, and the more likely it is that your driver becomes a self-absorbed diva, especially if he (or she, as there are a ton of female drivers in MM) is winning races anyway.My complaints are relatively minor. The big one is player-managed cars crashing too frequently, even with average drivers and reliable parts. There's no indication it might be coming, but I've had both drivers on my team crash in the same spot moments apart before, an infinitely infuriating experience. I've also noticed that, after non-damaging collisions, my drivers tend to take a massive nosedive in performance, almost like they're sulking on-track. That's an immersion-breaking moment in the game when it happens (which is fairly often). Players get to vote on political issues within the sport (spec changes, track changes, etc.) but never get to frame or set the agenda themselves. You also don't have any say in the design of your base car beyond material sources. Oh, and the scouting department is weird and never totally explained; it feels like the one area where the developers got a little lazy and just transplanted ideas from other games in the management genre with no special twists on it.Overall, though, the good far outweighs the bad in my mind, as the chance to run an F1-style racing team is extremely rewarding, with well-built feedback loops and strategic challenges that make this worth the rather heavy investment (thank you indie devs for making $35 feel like an expensive game again). It has come a long way from its mobile roots, and sim fans will definitely want to check this one out."
76561198124930291,Recommended,415200,26526097,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Badger,"I would recommend this game, It does build on and improve a lot over the iOS and Android versions.However, Suprisingly it has removed a few things that the Mobile version had:1. Rookies: There is no option it seems to have a driver acadamy and to promote from within. It's a feature that i really loved from the mobile game and i hope it does get added in in the future.2. Creating your own team: Unlike the mobile version, in this game you take over as manager of a team, not create your own. I found this disappointing and many people have questioned this decision and i hope they also add this into the game.3. Less championships: Not a massive issue, progress seems a lot slower in this one than in the mobile version ( I did pick Predator as my team so it could be that too ). I do expect more championships to be added though.My verdict: 7/10, Needs the missing features of the mobile game added but still a solid game and i'm definetly enjoying it!"
,Recommended,415200,28312330,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Dridge118,"Great game, great depth to progression it takes a long time to get everything in place to feel comfortable to go up divisions. I started in Predator. (worst team) 15 seasons in and still enjoying to struggles of each race. Only thing that bugs me alittle is the 'crashes' arnt really crashes when they just pull off the track and park it. Well done & thank you everyone at playsport games. Looking forward to what DLC is coming down the road."
76561198123614329,Recommended,415200,32889273,Posted: 27 June,all,kart_king,"I first played this game on my phone and iPad and was super excited when it was announced to make the transition over to the pc. I recently picked it up in the sale and I HAVE NOT been disappointed. This game is incredibly detailed and is close to the football manger levels of mangement if not better. I haven't got to grips with the create your own team yet but with a little more practice and time which I would gladly put into the game I will. I highly recommend the GT dlc as well as it adds a new challenge and variety then just the open-wheel cars. It also has workshop support and I would recommend adding the ICE mod 2017 as it adds formula e, Indy car, formula 1, GT series and the world endurance championship which makes the game more realistic."
76561198006066386,Recommended,415200,26840642,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,rkuhnen,This is the best sport manager game ever made. Period. And I'm not even a Formula 1 fan. I used to be back in the Ayrton Senna / Michael Schumacher  days. Thank you for making me like Formula 1 again. You guys are geniuses. I'm recomending this to all my friends. :)
,Recommended,415200,32951232,Posted: 28 June,all,Velns,"Never liked ""Manager"" type games.Noticed this game on steam, and check on review.Everyone seems to like it.Bought it, and the DLC as well. Said, YOLO, lets risk it.I'm not disapointed! Yes, I do have only few hours on my profile right now, however, I would recommend this game for friends!"
,Recommended,415200,26518129,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Jamedog,"A fantastic title. Through my first nine (straight) hours, I experienced the highs and lows (all lows, actually) of managing my own motorsport team. Given the lack of quality of teams you can choose to begin with, even a remotely positive result will feel like a win.As the Steam description implies, this is difficult title, so this isn't for those who are looking for a casual management experience - it requires constant attention and tweaking. This is deep, and I really appreciate that. I don't even think I am far enough into the game to talk about how deep it is yet.The mobile version was great, but this is the fully realised version of the game. A very well developed gem."
76561198343167320,Recommended,415200,26675910,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,stijnverh1,"Nice, a job well done.Was waiting since Microprose Grand Prix World for a nice f-1 management game, but this does it all.Good job!"
76561198023068846,Recommended,415200,26676657,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Skykid93,"There hasn't been a good motorsport manager game for a long time, so I personally had pretty high expectations. And honestly, the game hasn't disappointed me at all!While the game seems complex at first, the game is surprisingly easy to learn, but still complex enough to satisfiy the more hardcore manager audience.When managing a small team, you will find yourself drinking champagne in your livingroom when you manage to get a double points finish. And when managing a top team, you will find yourself slamming your fist into the table when your driver crashes out from the lead of the race... Man I really liked that table...While the game isn't without it's flaws, it's already extremly enyoyable, and the devs are very active and seem very dedicated to making the game even better. And I'm very optimistic that the game will become even better in the future.Long story short; the game is awesome!"
76561198147045209,Recommended,415200,26677427,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Hamm,Like theese kinda games! And i really enjoy Motorsport Manager!After 50hours in game with only one 1st place i would still recommend it!
76561198261014674,Recommended,415200,31655946,Posted: 9 May,all,brato.useba,"Excellent game. Very addictive.Not too hard either. Great to waste away a weekend, equally suited to relaxedly do a race after a long day's work.The game could do with a little more individual driver characters, everything they say is a bit generic right now. the AI is a bit dumb as well, especially when it comes to tire choice.Great game to sit back and watch them race."
76561198030816033,Recommended,415200,35216402,Posted: 25 September,all,Clone 8En,"Overall, a fun game, with some annoyances. Not a game for those who want to jump in an kick♥♥♥♥♥fairly soon - you need to play the long strategy game. It took me 6 seasons after starting a new team, before I won both driver and constructor championship.PositiveFeels authentic. I believe that I'm really running a racing team.Not too steap of a learning curve. In your first season, you might feel like you're doing something wrong because you come last in every race. You're not - you need to play the long game. That being said, pay attention to which parts matter most (engine and gearbox for Europe) across all the races, and improve those consistently.7 seasons in, and I'm not entirely bored. Just got promoted to Asia cup, where I'm at the  bottom of the field have to work my way up again. An expected challenge!For the most part the UI is cleanly laid out and unclutteredBeing unethical is possible - bribes, parts that risk being outside of regulation, obtaining part designs from other teams are also choices you can make. And you do get caught from time to time.NegativeIdiot drivers. You just get plain sick of their in-race chatter and dumb requests. ""Do we have enough fuel to get to the end of the race?"" after 5 laps. Of course you don't, the fuel tank isn't big enough to fuel the whole race. ""I'm not on the right tyres!"" That's because the weather is about to change. ""I need fresh tyres"". Not on the 2nd last lap you don't.Slow transitions. Going into races, and coming out of races there are a lot of slow screen transitions. Do I really need to watch every number pop one by one on the driver stat improvement screen? I really don't know what devs think when they make these kind of choices.Lack of key information in key places. All the info you need is available, just not on the screen you actually need it. The car parts that are most important for each track are shown when you go to the track, but not on the actual setup screen! Similarly, when choosing tyres you can't actually see your driver's smoothness rating. This gets really annoying really fast.Useless green bars to 'guide' your setup. I don't know if these are supposed to be based on a mechanic's ability but they're pretty much garbage - several times the perfect setup is on the edge or past the edge of these, when you would expect to be somewhere in the middle.Contract Negotiation - This is perhaps my biggest complaint, because it's the most ""unbelievable"" part of the game in my opinion. The issue is that there's no mechanic to negotiate contracts in advance for the next season. You can only negotiate and hire *now*. Which means you either need to fire the person in that current position, and pay their early terminination fee and pay to buy out the contract of the person you are hiring, or wait until after the last race. So you delay to save money and reputation, and then there's a big rush to get it done before season start, because the AI snaps up people really fast. You have to go through several days, sometimes weeks of negotiating with a prospect, before you hire them, but the AI apparently does not (or know the exact offer to get an acceptance first time). If you don't renew someone's contract in time, they leave and head to the unemployment line, instead of staying on a rolling contract at the same terms. Just give us a way to overlap contracts, yeah? Let contracts run out at the end of the season, and let us negotiate in advance for contracts that will start next season.Pit stops - once you decide what changes and how much fuel etc. you can't change it, even if the car is still half a lap away. So many times I made a mistake, and wished I could go back and change it. Until the driver turns into the pit lane, we should be able to change our minds...I'm at a bit of loss as to how the driver/mechanic relationships work. I can't seem to figure out what the pattern is with these going up or down after each race.Setup loading and saving. The screen for this sucks. You have a long list of every setup for every driver for every track. You can't even sort the list. A filter to restrict the list to just those for the current race would go a looonnng way to improve this.Tyre life - so sure, your milage will vary, but it took me some time to figure out that the expected number of laps for each tyre (in the tooltip) is if you run the tyre down to 0%. You never do that. At 25% left, lap times start to massively drop off and once you get down below 15% it's undrivable. So when calculating fuel loads and expected pit stops I have to mentally calculate the listed number multiplied by 0.75 to get actual laps that can be done on the tyre.Refueling - The number of laps of fuel remaining, ""excess"" and ""low fuel"" indicators are useless, because they are based on some mid-range fuel burn strategy and not the current engine setting. If you have enough fuel that you will be 1/2 lap from empty by race end, you will still see the excess fuel message. Estimates at pit stops seem inaccurate too, so I always go one lap over than the recommended because in my first season I ran out too many times...The rule voting is more of a distraction than of any real strategic value - most of the time you don't have nearly enough information to make an informed decision, and the changes in rules mean that getting promoted from one tier to another (or demoted) means you suddenly end up in a very different motorsport with staff that have skills that don't necessarily match what you need. The biggest of these is spec vs. developed parts. These votes seem to come up a lot and drastically change your direction - part development is the most important decision you have.Speed setting - During practice, qualifying and race there are 3 speed settings. The game always resets to 1 at the start of session. 1 is really slow. The cars don't look like they are even racing, but rather going for a Sunday drive. 3 looks faster than real time, but is still too slow. I can't count the number of times I've drifted off waiting for 10 laps to go by and then missed a pit stop. Since the driver radio chatter is mostly useless, you ignore it. A faster speed would be great. Drivers telling you about being short of fuel 2 laps before (instead of randomly) would be helpful. Remembering your last speed setting would be really, really great.Put money aside for next season - this is completely dumb, and must only be for the truly poor at math. Really, it's not hard to calculate how much money you can still spend so you end the season with 10m. Besides, you get prize money before you need to pay for your next season chassis etc. anyway. I always put this on the lowest amount and manage my own finances just fine..."
76561197967723818,Recommended,415200,26552940,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Killtec,"Pole Position aka Team F1, was my Favorite Formula 1 Manager Game...till this one turned up!And man i tried every Formula 1 Racing Manager after Pole Position but Motorsport Manager is really taking the Cake!!If you like Formula 1 Manager Games, then YOU HAVE TO GET THIS!!Check out my Let´s Play of the game to get your own opinion!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OnrAupVaQDU"
76561197996134984,Recommended,415200,28149817,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Eyo,Best Race Management game so far. Makes all previous attempts pale in comparison.
,Recommended,415200,26553273,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Elboy1980,"I don't write reviews very often here nor there. Now with that stated...I like this game! I missed the old Grand Prix World games and this is very good indeed. Even though it's not official it has a better system as teams move up and down in the tiers. i.e. you can be promoted and relegated! like in football. A much more sensible system than the closed ""professional"" American leagues. (side note: The American way is actually resembling a more communist economy than the cutthroat market economy America is supposed to represent). I wasn't talking about Football, but Motorsport Manager which so far is great. It's difficult and fun! (I chose a lower tier team to start with) but I am getting into it now. Very exciting stuff.Please buy it so they can make another one in a year with updates like you can create your own team from scratch, like Stewart racing etc. (however shortly lived it was).very good game! Keep it up!"
76561198038866295,Recommended,415200,31711594,Posted: 12 May,all,Brulis [Qc],"Took 73 min to create my crew, do the first qualification and finished 14th and 20 / 20....Amazing management game, so many things to modify and learn before hoping to become a champion.Pros:- Seems realistic (im clearly not a huge fan normaly) :)- As you progress, your team get better, you learn more about them and they learn more about their car and the race- Race are amazing for a management game- Lots of different staff member to watch / scout / recruit. Many will not be interested in your crew- 2D race for low end pc / 3D race for high end pc  (3D is amazing)- extremly addictiveCons:- Im not a specialist at all of those kind of management lol- I suck at this game, its horrible  :D- Not found any other cons yet,Would recommend it even if your not a huge fan or specialist of this kind of management game. Lots of fun to have watching and upgrading your cars / crew"
76561198084053708,Not Recommended,415200,33289556,Posted: 5 July,all,Hammerstein,"Three seasons later I found the game that I first enjoyed turned into having an artificial difficulty. AI seems to make sure that same guy wins every practice, qualifying and race while on the same time it disintegrates your other driver's stats while the other one does not improve whatsoever, and not a single reason is given for this. Also the fact that you have to start the part development from scratch for every new season turns the otherwise fun game into a monotonous grind very quickly. Recommended to purchase only when generously discounted."
76561198161639163,Recommended,415200,31061703,Posted: 10 April,all,colettemcmullen32,if you love f1 this is the game for you ...Its like football manager for motor racing . far to addictive for words and the sence of acheivement when a result goes your way fantastic..from car development to driver politics and media interviews its superb ...cant recommend this title enough
,Recommended,415200,29506266,Posted: 26 January,all,TardisOperator,"I very much enjoy this game, but that doesn't mean there isn't some unbelievably frustrating mechanics that have been broken for some time now (examples include Blue Flags, racing line choice, sheer amount of crashing in ERS for 3.5/4 star drivers, etc.). I'm currently in my second season of World championship, having won the Team championship in the European and Asia series, and I am thoroughly enjoying it. I haven't been blitzing the competition like I did in the previous series, but that can be from some terrible RNG or my inability to check the weather before pitting under a safety car. It is a great management game, even if the racing isn't the greatest sometimes. The devs seem to have been quiet since Christmas, but my hope is they're working on another patch for bug fixes/workshop addition."
76561198002573551,Recommended,415200,26511779,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Ranger13,"What can i say, This is the long awaited sucessor for GPM2, great game, keep on going guys, more race series would be welcomed or an editor, but that are minor things due to my preferences. Wait to go.............Work, can't forget i need to ge to work."
,Recommended,415200,29671540,Posted: 3 February,all,Daniel™,"I may only have played 2.7 hours of Motorsport Manager but in that short amount of time it's felt like I've been playing for 24 hours straight,that's how much fun I've had with this game,I've probably only just scratched the surface of what this game is capable of offering me, there hasn't been any bugs but if I encounter any I'll be sure to mention them in this review at a later stage.£24.99 is an ok price for this game luckily I only paid £12.50 for this game thanks to a steam coupon that appeared in my inventory last night, wait for the next time this game goes on sale."
76561198132476688,Recommended,415200,26513082,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Alf,"I've been waiting for a game like this for a very, very long time. The devs have truly nailed it, everything you do from managing the team to developing the car to practice and race day strategies matter. The variety and evolution of the rules is brilliant! On top of all that, there is loads of depth.Thanks for making this awesome game, I am going to lose many hours of my life playing this!Update:Can't get over how good this game is!I'm well over 20 hours in now and I still absolutely love this game. No idea how the devs managed to get everything right, creating a game that is well balanced with every gameplay mechanic being important.The thing that I'm most exited about is the replay value of this game. With the teams evolving and the rules changing there is always something new and interesting to think about. Both the on and off track elements of the game are really interesting.Also, the game can be really challenging but completely fair and extremely rewarding at the same time. The races are genuinely exiting, more so than watching real F1. The same goes for how a championship progresses over a season.After waiting for years playing F1 management games that never quite got it right, I'm so grateful that these devs managed to hit the nail on the head - with a sledgehammer!"
76561198004881380,Recommended,415200,29843789,Posted: 11 February,all,CarChariaS,"Motorsport Manager is a great game if you like the small details and inproving them over time even though the game is quit repetetive as i think it would be en real life to you run you test of the car and fine tune it. then you run race with fueling and tier changes and power manegement. But for each race the car behaive in different ways and there will come dillamas where they inpact the team and cars performens in the race in good and bad ways just like in real life. Right now i have 19,3 hours and 5 seasons on me and im still in the first league becouse and im still dying to play more each time i close the game. i really like the small detailes and the impact and the way they make you do all the work on the car the team and everything else. From finding the right drivers to media handling to sponser handling. getting the best car designers and mechanincs.The only bug i have encounterd is that some times car 2 ignores a pit order but i have NOT had eny crashes of the game or what so ever race problems in the game yet.I really love the game and i play it very day now atleast a couple of hours, now the new season of Formula One dont seem so far away anymore."
76561198100333515,Recommended,415200,26609686,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,hjc,"Great game.It's terribly addictive. In the first few days after buying it I played over 40 hours, and haven't experienced any bugs that stop the game or my enjoyment of it. Finally there's a good motorsport management game!9/10"
,Recommended,415200,31797981,Posted: 16 May,all,AKARI,bikin nagih dan lupa waktupokoknya rekomen josss
,Recommended,415200,30668027,Posted: 22 March,all,TimmehCaster,"Superbly done motorsport managing game, but not without drawbacks...Pros.Addictive gamplay - always a problem to solve, or something to make better.Great politics system - much more in-depth that I intially thought.Superb upgrading/design system - really makes you think about what is best for your team and drivers, instead of just maxing out everything.Races themselves are well done - active weather, occasional crashes, team disputes.Mod support!Cons.Soundtrack - all cars sound the same (and not in a good way), and a single track playing in the background between races gets annoying FAST.Race strategies are far too easy to optimise - very little benefit of the undercut, for example.Can be quite easy to dominate constantly.No difficulty levels - just one.No point of the 3D race viewing - everything still stays very far away, so there's no much point.Overall, brilliant game, great potential, can't wait to see where it goes next! 8/10"
76561198070111807,Recommended,415200,34610716,Posted: 30 August,all,Andyref,One of the best motorspots games around and if you add the updates/mods even better
76561198079874521,Recommended,415200,28394847,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,ramsman1975,"Top game, however as in the mobile version which I know is different I would love to be able to create and name my own team as would be possible in the real world."
,Recommended,415200,28585432,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Kmahtab,So I bought this game 4 days ago and I have 32 hours on it. Either I'm really just a sad human being or this is a pretty good game.
76561198115387907,Recommended,415200,28063148,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Tony Torque,"I´ve been waiting quite a while for this, not exactly knowing what kind of manager game to expect.What I have not got was not  a ""sequel"" to the Grand Prix Manager games from the 90s due to its slight lack of depth and its comic-like appearance.So this is probably nothing (really) for the hardcore Excel-management-fans, but very nice, almost faultless ""semi-casual"" Formula-racing manager that kills a surprisingly high count of hours.The price at the current state (34,99) is on the higher regions of  ""reasonable"" for what I got.To make it short: 8.5/10  ... and I would REALLY love to see an editor/workshop support for this game."
76561198281619495,Recommended,415200,28242150,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,barrysmith,First time playing series and its awesome! Motorsport Manager fan for life now.
76561198141507939,Recommended,415200,29389084,Posted: 20 January,all,Exibon69,"We Microprose Grand Prix Manager fans have waited this a long time. Yeah, it's really good but full of bugs too. Just hoping they fix asap ie. drive thru pit penalty from AI, it doesn't work and retired cars racing still without fuel with big black smoke behind them.Also that marketability attribute is bit annoying because it's most important stat for driver, no matter how fast he is, bad marketability and you can't take him, because you can get only 1-2 star sponsors after that.  Also when you have testing track you should be allowed to use it too, like testing cars etc. Now driver stats rise really really slow even with good facilities.Just hoping that developers will take it to finish, it will be an ultimate Formula racing game after that.--- Edit 20.03.2017 ---Black smoke bug is gone now, thanks to developers. Simply the best motorsport managing game."
,Recommended,415200,30202522,Posted: 26 February,all,SAMiV,A great motorsports manager game!I can easily recommend this game to a someone who is into racing management games. It's not even that difficult to play&get into.Hoping that there is going to be Motorsports Manager 2!But first i hope that they keep on updating&patching this one and releasing new more DLC's to make this game even better!
,Recommended,415200,30717442,Posted: 24 March,all,President Nukem,"When I saw this game for the first time, I thought to myself ""How on EARTH can they justify porting this from mobile to PC and charge nearly 10 times the price?!"" They did.Motorsport Manager is a management game; in the vein of the once popular Football Manager (FM) series. (in which I was a dedicated follower of before it turned to♥♥♥♥♥♥ The concept is simple. Take an F1 or GT Team and turn them into world beaters, hiring the best staff and drivers, building your car and just attempt to dominate the race tracks.The graphics are pretty alright, but miles better than the 3D Match Engine that FM has been trying to perfect since 2009.For a management game though, graphics are not important whatsoever and the lesser the graphical fidelity the more compatible it is with older machines, which can be the computer of choice for a bunch of Management sim players.If your computer can't do 3D either, there is a 2D engine that does the job as well.The management options really look like a mobile game at this point. The HQ building really looks like it came from the idea of using a touch device and it is a bit clunky in that regard. Parts building also seem pretty simplistic, with several ranks of parts, each rank unlocked by a different HQ building.Drivers are also important, right? So hire and fire as you need. Each driver has a ability between 1 and five stars, each obviously based (at least in Not-F1) on a real life F1 driver. Though some of their ficticious conterparts are female, so if you want to see genderbent Nico Rosberg or Daniel Riccardo this is for you (?). Contracts are not as complex as FM, thankfully. Just select bonuses, wages, contract length, driver status. Though stats and the driver's willingness to sign a contract comes with the traits system. They can either be personality traits or temporary events. All of them affecting things like stats, willingness to renew contracts (damn you rivalry) and morale, all positively or negatively.Of course, where is the money gonna come from? You need money for next season's car, you need to pay your staff and for your HQ's upkeep, oh, and you also need to repair your car after each race right? You CAN always race and hope for a top 2 finish all the time, or you could sign sponsors. Sponsors are simple. There are 2 kinds, and you can have 3 of each. Almost all of them will pay upfront. The first category will have you pick a target finishing position for qualifying and the race. Meet one and you will get half the bonus. Meet the other and you has all the monies. The other one pays after every race, and of course each sponsor has a set length of races before it expires.Now on to the races. The three stages are practice, qualifying, and the race itself. Practice allows you to tune your car settings (if you have no idea where to begin, there is a Steam guide with good starting settings that you will need to tune as each car and driver have different optimal settings.) and there is a set time limit to get said combination. Secondly is the qualifying stage. Use that setting you found to attempt to get the podium! And then the race. You now have to manage fuel, tyre durability and type, pit stops and car conditions. It is about playing your cards right and hoping that it is enough, as your drivers or car might not be able to secure the target.Overall, Motorsport Manager is a great game, despite it's simplicity. And if you are annoyed by the non-licensed drivers, the Steam Workshop has ya covered. I really fell in love from the start and I really want to play more.8/10"
76561198358044730,Recommended,415200,30726696,Posted: 25 March,all,mirzaoh27,"as fan of motorsport and practicioner, i find this game really provides the essential aspect of motorsport managing and considering the price asked also the flexibility to mods it allows i really recommend this game !"
,Not Recommended,415200,28438245,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,FifaFrancesco,No Retina or HiDPI support. Looks very poor on my Mac as well as my friends' Microsoft Surface. It's a great game but it just does not look the part.
76561198197404099,Recommended,415200,30822187,Posted: 29 March,all,Keeper1st,"I haven't checked my real-life email in a week because of this game.Seriously addictive! Of course, much of my time with it has been modding or adjusting mods, which is normal for me. There are several mods which have some things I like and some things I don't, so I've been combining database elements (e.g. driver and mechanic list combining and removing duplicates), modifying textures, etc.You do want to make sure you have database mods to your liking before starting a career, because you can't change them once the career is started (the database information is loaded into your save file), so if you decide you want to change something, it only will work if you start a new game. For example, many mods change the top-tier championship to Formula 1, but having teams named like ""Haas F1 Team"" while realistic is not the best thing for the game, because as years go on, teams may get demoted or promoted to different series, thus you end up with Haas F1 Team that's actually in GP2/F2 and not in F1 anymore. Likewise having, for example, Carlin fielding both a GP2 and a GP3 team. What happens when the GP3 team is promoted into GP2? Four Carlin cars on the grid -- two teams with the same name.Anyway, as for the game itself: You can manage every aspect of your team -- scouting and hiring staff, contract negotiations, car setup, driver orders to manage tire and fuel usage, designing new parts, improving existing parts, expanding the team's facilities, etc. You can bend the rules and hope you don't get caught. You have to keep your team and drivers marketable in order to attract sponsors. Part of that is affected by how you respond to journalists' questions. The list goes on and on. The rules of the championship you're in, and the tracks they race on, can change from year to year via occasional voting by team managers (that's you, of course).I have another sports management game, Out Of The Park Baseball 17. I never play it, though I love baseball. I fiddled with it for a few minutes (it came in a bundle with other things), but never got into the management aspect; I'd just set some teams together and watch what happened, letting the AI manage the team. With Motorsport Manager, on the other hand, I'm always wanting to try improving the team, to the point where I haven't even been logging into my real-life email account or social media accounts because I really want to see what I can get my virtual racing team to accomplish next!"
76561198279126007,Recommended,415200,28287166,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Skardy,"Some aspects can be improved in the next patches/installments, but definitely a great start for this series.For me, best race manager since GPW.. and long overdue.edit:GT is good fun, though don't follow WTCCThe more I play this game, the more I enjoy it."
,Recommended,415200,33144414,Posted: 2 July,all,NotDwaith,"This game is wonderful. It is quite difficult and trying and fun as hell. The only downside to this game is the long hours you end up spending on This, especially when this is time you don't have."
76561198042508733,Recommended,415200,32896898,Posted: 27 June,all,Toastii,Great game.
76561198348801972,Recommended,415200,33205663,Posted: 3 July,all,clade12345,"They friggin killed it. Everything a good management game should be, simple but complex; one of the best management games I've played. This  will probably be a classic."
76561198011252167,Recommended,415200,33201780,Posted: 3 July,all,tojo316,"Great sport manager.I liked how easy it was to pick up the basics and had a full grasp of the games mechanics after only a couple of races.also fully supports mods with an ingame interface.Would recomend for anyone who likes sport manager games, its a true gem."
76561198181897859,Recommended,415200,33187992,Posted: 3 July,all,dannyboygames,"one of the best games ive purchsed on steam, worth every penny. can be difficult at first but after a few hours and a tutorial later its becomes easier to work through and a lot of fun. there are also plenty of mods that continue to make this game worth while and more enjoyable."
76561198014686984,Recommended,415200,33013126,Posted: 29 June,all,01spearingw,"This game is surprisingly deep, yes it has the obvious super fast cars hurtling around a racetrack, but the race strategising, pit stopping, financial planning, talent developing, long term staffing, weather praying, base building aspects all combine for an addictive gameplay with a sense of achievement that keeps you hooked much longer than the pretty cars alone could.I can't speak for replayability because I'm still on my first rags-to-riches build your own team playthrough, but at 4 seasons in I'm only just cracking the first of three tiers of competition and wouldnt be surprised to top almost 100 hours gameplay from this little gem!(Even more of a bargain if on sale, I picked it up for less than £10)"
,Recommended,415200,33019157,Posted: 29 June,all,someyounguy,Great gameSimple to understand - though it helps if you watch or are a fan of motorsport - yet also so much depth. It's good to hear they are still updating the game too.
,Recommended,415200,32986100,Posted: 29 June,all,999,I don't even care about motorsport IRL...
76561198063850062,Recommended,415200,33074761,Posted: 1 July,all,lachlan.crook,"smooth, doesnt overload you with info but has as much you wanted to be in the game"
,Recommended,415200,28391639,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Lexington44,Nothing but love for a developer who knows when a game is solid enough to release. Instantly one of my favourites.
,Recommended,415200,28133923,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,ATombGamer,If you love motorsport (not just single seaters) then you'll love this game. It is highly addictive and very well made. It's one of those `stop talking to the screen' games. Fantastic
,Recommended,415200,28220695,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Peq,"Good racing game which really gives you the sense of accomplishment after a good race performance. Some things about the game has to be said though.- Every interview after race press says you've done below the expectations no matter what position you are in. My driver finished 6th on the slowest car on the grid and still the performance was dissapointing. Also midtable teams finishing on podium is ""below expectations"" according to the press.- If qualifying session starts out in wet condition, but eventually dries out the AI wont change to dry tires giving you easy front row start.- Most AI push ludicrously fast through their tires and pit 4 times when you could do easy 2 stop strategy.- Rain comes in very quickly, but also dries out in matter of 2-3 laps.- Sebastian Vettel would lose his mind if he would play this game. Blueflag system is appaaling.- Getting stuck on traffic on a qualifying lap costs about 6 seconds because the AI doesn't give a f*** if you are behind them.- If you are managing backmarker team it takes ages to get your car improved from worst on the grid. No matter how much money you spend. (If you are lucky to obtain parts from another team then you might make some progress. And those parts are usually risky resulting in penalties)- Qualifying is horrible experience. You are almost certain to be held up in traffic and its very hard not to overheat the tires and brakes on your out lap. (I always let AI do the qualifying because its needlessly complicated to do by myself).- Requires some performance to run smoothly even on lowest settings available if you want to play 3D mode, But 2D mode runs very smooth even on slower computers.Now for the positives:+ Isn't too hard if you have planned your tactics before the race. Even backmarkers can score good results, but still offers challenge in terms of executing the plans and getting both cars to the chequered flag.+ Driver traits: Traits tell something about their personality. For example some drivers are prone to crashes, some hate duelling and some are chatty. Traits really liven up the game and helps you keep interested on the game.+ Game allows you to be involved in many things during the season (designing new parts, improving new parts, scouting new drivers. finding new sponsors, designing next years car (even the livery and colours), solving problems in the team  and so on).+ The sensation when you finish a race where you started from 19th and got up to 2nd just by tactics and especially when you have the worst car on the grid.+ Politics. Game allows you to vote for rulechanges towards next season. There are many rulechanges (points system, spec parts, new tracks, new tires etc) so you can vote for or against rulechange or save your votes for the most important votes.+ Hasn't crashed once when i've played it.Some ideas for the future:- Manager should be able to talk to drivers during the race (to calm them down when they rage on about being overtaken or cheer them up when they overtake somebody)- Something to liven up the scenes after the race. Maybe podium cutscene or winner doing doughnuts at side of the road or something instead of showing the race winner in the garage.- Menus could use some real music. Doesn't bother me though because i listen my playlist here:- More tracks would be nice on ERS. Not that nice driving some tracks twice in one season.(https://play.spotify.com/user/11147483187/playlist/1thHAkTIWJSfT3d6k4isZV)Overall 9,5/10PS: First game since F1 2013 that i didn't feel robbed after playing the game."
76561198024772661,Recommended,415200,30177047,Posted: 25 February,all,leysendirk1,Great game! Finally a worthy followup on F1 manager on the Amiga! ;)Good times ahead for me! Only negative point? Addictive ;)
76561198118708613,Recommended,415200,29980475,Posted: 17 February,all,Beans,"Great game if you're interested in F1 and manager games. This is a must. Still has a few glitches here and there, but is a great game. If i could add anything then it would just be an update of more rule, just to spin it up a bit. As after a while of playing this you could be at the top and there is no going back unless you start again. Still though I'm onto my 6/7 season season and I'm only in the second league."
,Recommended,415200,28157671,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,must4fab,Masyuq macam main Football Manager tapi dengan open wheel racing
,Recommended,415200,28189219,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,LikeWildFire™,"The ultimate management game for any motorsport fan out there.This is the game I've always wanted to play, and PlaySport and Sega managed to deliver just that, however, it's nowhere as easy as one think it would be.The learning curve to master this game is so high that it makes you doubt your knowledge of motorsport. You have to manage every single aspect of your team, from the money and finances to the staff, drivers, car parts individually, your headquarters and even, during practice, the car setups for each driver individually. As I write this review, I am far from mastering the game myself, but once you learn a trick or two, you'll be able to see your drivers perform better on track than when you first started.I hope a sequel to this game, with enhanced gameplay, is in order."
,Recommended,415200,30118557,Posted: 23 February,all,DoubleDoom,"Some of you may recall the very old Microprose Grand Prix Manager 2 from the 90s.   This is a modern take on that.  Lots of similarity but with greater depth and options.      You will lose a lot of hours on this.       Lots of positives.  Although I am not sure about the longetivity of the game as there are not enough variables.  It is the sort of game you are likely to binge on in the early weeks but hit a point where you realise that you are just repeat grinding each season with not enough variables to make each one different.   The RNG things don't seem to have longer term consequences.   In fact, very little does.  Just as you get to a point of having decent wings or gearbox, there is only a couple of races left to use them and then its a new season and it starts all over again.        That will not worry you in the early weeks but you will hit that realisation at some point unless the DLC and patches can bring in more variety.     You will get value for money with this purchase and it is definetly worth buying."
76561198130344217,Recommended,415200,28427552,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,HMS Bottom Gear,"I am a big Formula One fan so I became very interested when seeing this game. The idea is really cool and this is something I would love to play. The game feels good, however the critical problem is the slow cars NEVER EVER gets out of the way. It's been quite several times that my driver has purple sector 1 and 2 then ended up +2s off pole because of the slower drivers blocking....................."
76561198061367137,Recommended,415200,28620595,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Singapore Track Lizard,Fantastic game. Spent 40 hours in the first week alone. Oops. First good F1 management game since the 1 they made in 2000.
76561198345546250,Recommended,415200,29379208,Posted: 20 January,all,achille.mic,"By far one of the most beautiful sport manager game. Some mechanics during races are quite bad, I mean, qualy are very difficult, and overall the key to win in the world championship is to develope your buildings. That's it. Development of single parts is not worth the cost in the early game.This game has a huge potential. Keep it up with updates!!"
,Recommended,415200,27717381,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,F1MADKILLER!,fun game really good
76561198160335383,Recommended,415200,28456791,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,chuhai95,"Had played 5/10 races in 1st round, still going good"
76561198040478148,Recommended,415200,28149200,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Pastry Man,"I was a big fan of the mobile version of this game and when i bought it I was not expecting much more than the mobile version offered but boy was I wrong! The level of detail this game allows you to go into is incredible and each victory depends on your decisions on how to go about the race, what setup to use and what parts to put into your car. It has an incredibly detailed tutorial which doesnt get boring and is also needed for a game of this depth! If you are a Motorsport/F1 Fan than you will love this game!"
76561198027065253,Recommended,415200,29973167,Posted: 16 February,all,Von Adder,"Jumped on for ten minutes, eight hours later, I'm screaming at my monitor, cursing my drivers, threatening violence to non existant opposing teams and completely in love!"
,Recommended,415200,29992955,Posted: 17 February,all,DemonFigher86,This game is sick mannnn
76561198002501751,Recommended,415200,26539318,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,LyNxY-uK.DsY,Great game so far already a few hours in and hooked i can see this becoming another football manager loose your life game due to addiction.. few tweeks needed in future like when cars are given blue flags they actually get out of the way and dont try and fight you. also when coming out of the pits cars on the main straight slow down even if you/tjhey are still in the pitlane and i have lost places due to both these issue.. but this is a great game very tactical and i would definetly recommend this game to all motorsport lovers
,Recommended,415200,28123595,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Rick Grimes' Sick Rhymes,Mad fun lads.
,Recommended,415200,28865178,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,GUNGA,"The game is very fun and reminds me of the old grand prix manager from microprose.The only downside for me is that despite the pc version being more complex than the mobile original, it still has some arcade feeling, some things could be better. This will probably turn into an yearly release version like the CM games. For the second one I expect more, but to start this is very good.Pros:- graphics and style. For a manager game are very nice.- you hire drivers, staff- develop parts- control strategy- develop HQ- sponsors- rules change during seasons. You have the best engine on the grid and for the next they decide to give equal engines to everyone.Cons:- things feel a little arcade. doing laps in practice you get % bonus for the race, or tyre type that you try. It should be more about finding about tyre degradation, fuel consumption, diference between tyre compounds.- everything works a bit with the % bonus or penalty. that gives it a little arcade feeling.- during races a driver does one lap, the next he is 3 seconds faster, than 2 seconds slower. They seem a bit random. My example is exagerated but it does feel like that a bit- If your driver is cought with blue flags, even if he is faster, he will let the leader go, than pass him, than get a blue fllag and let him pass and than pass him, and so on. Hope they fix this.A good game. Hours will pass as you make a couple of races."
76561198022337141,Recommended,415200,28328865,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,PHAILSOBER,"Really good fun - what a huge step up from the mobile game! Motorsport Manager delivers on so many levels. The car part design mid season is fun and sending your cars around the track is very entertaining.However the sponsor management, lackluster scouting mechanics and buggy interviews can be cause for concern, but I believe the developer will fix these in due course.Overall I would recommend this game to any strategy or motor racing fan!Hopefully the devs can integrate some sort of system that can be used to interact with staff and drivers, which can lead to more meaningful progression in their skills or character traits. This could also be used to influence sponsors and media questions to round of the game!"
,Recommended,415200,29243974,Posted: 14 January,all,Xariann,"I would recommend this game, however this review is going to focus on the negative. Because while I recommend it, I reached a point of exhaustion and every time I see it in my library now I wonder whether I should play it, and then talk myself out of it.The game is addictive, there are a lot of nice touches. There is a lot to manage, but it gets samey after a while. I think a better word would be ""cyclic"". You don't just do the same thing all over again to get better gear, better tech, better headquarters, better positions on the leaderboard. You do these same things, get some results, and then said results are taken away from you. If you have more patience than I have, you might be fine with this. The problem for me is that the game makes you feel like you have made progress and then takes that progress away every time you start a new cycle. You believe you start from a better position, after all you get to build a better car in between seasons, but you are very wrong about that.In my first run I picked a decent team in the lower league, first season I think I hit the middle of the leaderboard. Second season, same league, I managed, eventually, to get first and get promoted to the middle league. But not without a lot of sweat. That's fine though as you feel you have achieved something. Let me explain how it all went.First season you start off with car parts with low durability. You improve both performance and reliability (they are the two sides of the coin in this case). But it takes time, so your car breaks down, and you have to go to the pit stop and hope that the AI cars also break down (they do, actually). Anyway, your car is so unreliable you wonder whether you built it out of Lego. Your car gets better, you need less pit stops, and if you play it right you eventually wind up winning the races. Unless of course a random safety car appears so everyone catches up with you and you lose that beautiful lead you built over the course of the race.I finished the first season and now I build a new chassis, which should improve your car. I upgrade my headquarters etc, although the boss slaps me a couple of times when I try to buy way more than I can afford. Spoilsport. Literally.Anyway I start the second season and the reliability of my parts is awful again. The performance tweaks are still there, but they are useless when you have to go back to the pit stop many times over. You have to do the same thing you did in the first season, however this time my drivers have more experience and yes my engine is better, etc. So I did wind up first in the league and got promoted. For a few races though, up to the middle of the season, I thought that was never going to happen.So now I went from the lower league to the middle league and I am starting over again for the third time. Same thing, all the parts I have created now have the worst durability... yes the performance has transferred over, but it's pretty much useless when your stuff breaks every two seconds.You would have thought that as you go through the seasons, your team would have learned how to build a reliable part and would not leave the cars out in the rain to rust away, right?So despite having been promoted to the middle league, I felt like I gained nothing. You also have to be very careful on the expenses mid season - if you go too overboard you will handicap yourself with debt and will not be able to build new parts but only improve the durability of the parts you built the previous season. While I understand this concept, as in reality you would need to strike the balance anyhow, it just feels the game proceeds at snailpace. I shouldn't need to concentrate on the durability as much as this game wants me to. I should keep an eye, but it shouldn't just be completely wiped out every time you start over.Despite all this, you feel you want to do one more race. Another one. And, no, I am serious, only this one then I go to bed. Then my car breaks for the twentieth time. I close the game. I haven't opened it since."
,Recommended,415200,29994148,Posted: 17 February,all,Mellow_,"My wife's song after me buying this game:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gASM80WaBZMSeriously though, it's a fantastic game. Can get a bit dull at times (fastest speed doesn't feel fast enough), but it's the best we have!"
,Recommended,415200,30757374,Posted: 26 March,all,Muawiyah V.,BEST SEMUA SUKA!
76561198007619021,Recommended,415200,30695628,Posted: 23 March,all,Barbanfalk18,"Good game, not a steep learning curve. Great balance between simulation and arcade"
76561198066188974,Recommended,415200,27542509,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,[MCM] Dose Vader,Great game -
,Recommended,415200,26512077,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Ω OogismitT Ω,"Awesome game!i bought this thinking how much different could it be to the mobile game, and it just blows it away, the level of detail that goes into it is amazing, practice is great, you set up your car from driver feedback and lap time, qualifying you have to even nurse your drive on his outlap to get the tyre and brake temps perfect, and the racing it brilliant. Where it really stands out is in the R&D, scouting new drivers everything that goes on in the back ground. makes you really feel like the boss. my advice if your intrested, try the mobile app first, if you like that, then buy this, its 10 times more detailed!first update has made a geat diffrence"
76561197960905745,Recommended,415200,26511823,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Andy,"Started a game as worst team in the Europeon Season,  after 6 races into the first season.... best finish is 15th!10/10 love this game!"
,Recommended,415200,27322948,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,I Thought She Was Level 18,"Think Football Manager but with cars.This is a must have game for anyone that likes simulation games, especially people that are interested in racing.I will put many hours in this game when I get a chance!The only thing one can hope for is official licenses as it would make the game even better.Can't wait for the custom mods to arrive!"
,Recommended,415200,32899759,Posted: 27 June,all,Djangles LeVaughn,BATracer. In realtime and 3D.
76561198045690434,Recommended,415200,28745717,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,JayOTT,"Exactly what it says on the tin; you take control of a motor-sport team, and try to direct them towards success, through both on-track and off-track strategic decisions.  However, it's important to point out that if are you're only interested in car games where you actually drive the car, this game won't be for you.Over time, Playsport have turned MM from what was merely an alright game on launch day into a fantastic one, squashing the bugs and including many new features.  I highly admire the developers for this, because the post-release support shows that they were genuinely in this to create a great game, one that people would enjoy.  Many a lesser team would've taken the money and ran.Another thing worth mentioning is this game's Steam workshop support.  The vanilla game may be great on it's own, but the workshop adds a lot more to it, ranging from simpler balance tweaks and car models, to full blown mods featuring real life drivers and championships.  Great solution for those who might see the lack of official licencing as a turn off, though I must say that the fictional world Playsport constucted in it's place can be a lot of fun too.To keep things short, if you're a fan of both strategy games and motor racing, this is a should-buy as it does an excellent job of filling this niche.  Though even if you only really like one of these two things, you may still want to consider this game, especially during a sale period."
,Recommended,415200,33474713,Posted: 12 July,all,Mertellx [Linux],"Tu reto es gestionar eficazmente una escudería de coches de F1. Tienes que encargarte de los pilotos, mejorar los coches, disponer de los neumáticos adecuados para cada carrera, controlar el repostaje de gasolina, etc.Las carreras en sí quedan en segundo lugar y los coches son pequeños con unos gráficos simplemente correctos.La descarga es de unos 5,7 GBJugado en:Antergos - Drivers propietarios NvidiaCalculate Linux  - Drivers propietarios Nvidia"
,Recommended,415200,28243882,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,kirE,"This is a very good game and I recomend!I do have some issues that are annoying and I hope they fix it.One thing is the interviews after race. I want to be able to stand up for my drivers and even if they come 1st and 6th the press says 6th place is bad. Sega are involved in Football manager and one would think they could learn from their other game and implement into this one.Another annoying thing is the reliability issues when starting a new season. You always have trouble in the first races but the AI doesnt have the same amount of reliablility problems. This makes me want to fast forward over the first race or two.Anyways, I hope they keep improving the game, first update was good! Rate 8,5 / 10"
,Recommended,415200,29739237,Posted: 6 February,all,Lyhne - Thendur,"Really great, gonna sink a lot of time into this."
76561198007259813,Recommended,415200,26511467,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,RSharpe,"Although I'm a F1 fan and would have liked real licensed teams and drivers, I was surprised to find how the lack of this content does not affect my enjoyment of the game. The game is lots of fun and a big improvement over the mobile version released several years ago. Big recommendation for any motorosport fans who crave the opportunity to similate management in the sport."
76561198047645234,Recommended,415200,26518160,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,toilahroiyan,"Fantastic game. Very polished and unique, one of the only great modern motorsport managing games. If you like football manager style games, this is definitely worth your money, and I recommend it!"
,Recommended,415200,26517506,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Spoderman from 1977,"Thinking ""this gonna be easy, better pick a low level team"" = Deadlast in the 2 first races, get angry, alt+f4. 10/10"
,Recommended,415200,26518798,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,ZappaDanMan,Enjoying this game immensely. If your an F1 fan at the moment and watching this current season... This game is far more entertaining than watching the sport.
76561197992960498,Recommended,415200,26521641,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Baiwozh,Great stuff so far. Seems to have a lot of depth. I can see myself playing this for a long time. I haven't come across any glaring issues yet. Couple of silly little things like it saying you've overtaken 3rd for 2nd when what has really happened is that 1st has pitted.I started with a medium level team in the lowest tier and it seems to pitched just about right in terms of difficulty etc. Looking forward to working my way up the ladder.
,Recommended,415200,26511117,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,FabianBouw,"This is THE game for racing fans who want to manage a racing team. Runs great on my Macbook (on low settings but hey, it's just a macbook and not a gaming computer!). Did not disappoint, at all. +10"
76561198087535418,Recommended,415200,26518717,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,CQR Myles,"Well thoughout UI and polished rewarding gameplay, strongly recommend this to motorsport fans."
76561198028024188,Recommended,415200,26512864,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,totovste,"2 podiums and 1 win with the second lowest rated team on the game within my first 6 races, mostly just from opportunistic strategy or diving into the pits under a safety car/when the weather changes. I dare not stay up to finish just one more race weekend or it will be Saturday evening and I'll realise I haven't moved a muscle in days.I'm utterly hooked. This is the F1 management game I've been waiting for.The interface feels polished and slick, the F1 jingo is there but easy to understand, it's fun (which F1 can't always be described as), it's in depth without drowning you (it features the SC, VSC, blue flags, different formula rules, teams, politics, personalities, media, finances, RACING!) and worth every single penny.Feel like I've barely scratched the surface so far, bravo developers!"
76561198038368615,Recommended,415200,26517018,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,zeusmoltar,"Great game, will be even better once a workshop and mods are opened up."
76561198011923195,Recommended,415200,26521368,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,BelgianKid,"This game has set the standard for F1 Manager games VERY HIGH.I've been a F1 fan since I was a kid, following Michael Schumacher very closely.  I've also been a long time fan of the Football Manager series for years, so I was eager for this game.I have to say though, if you're not into F1, I'd find it difficult for you to ""love"" this game.  It is very technical, it is very detailed, and may be difficult to grasp for someone who doesn't know the world of F1.At first, I wasn't sure how I felt about using fake companies and fake drivers, but that thought fades off by the immense quality of the game.The Great:- Gameplay and graphics are pretty amazing for a Manager game- Details into the car is on point as far as upgrades, designing parts, etc...- Very competitive and unpredictable, there are no particular team or driver dominating every single race [8hrs of play]- So many aspects to manage, from car, to drivers, to sponsors, to staff, to HQ, it doesn't get boring!The Good:- Not too much time spent on practice and qualifying.  Having played F1 games before, it can become time consuming to do every single session.- Good balance in difficulty.  I picked a team that was ranked 7th out of 10 and felt it was manageable to compete.- Interface is good and smooth.- Gives me a good insight of how it must be running a racing teamThe Bad:- If you know nothing about F1, chances are you won't fall in love in this game, unless you wanna learn all about it.- Race gameplay can be long, even at sped up speed.- There are so many aspects you can control, I was getting over the tutorial portion and wanted to move along.  I wish they made a 'skip tutorial' button as you're going through it, rather than the drop down menu."
,Recommended,415200,26512146,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Micheeel,"Complex, hard and fun!  Could not ask for a better Racing Manager <3"
76561198017211507,Recommended,415200,26511712,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,VT250,"I have been playing the mobile app edition of this game for a good few months now and I thoroughly enjoyed it. I had high expectations for this game and I was not disappointed! This game has hundreds of new aspects to it that really tests your ability to manage a motorsports team and requires in depth set up of your team and car before you can go racing. This means that you really look forward to getting started in each race as you nervously see if the setup you spent 20 minutes on works as well as you'd hoped. I think the price of the game is fair for amount of time I can see myself spending in it. If you aren’t sure about it then go and get the mobile app first, try it out and if you like it then imagen it on PC but 100 times better!"
,Recommended,415200,26676646,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,DontDropThatDurkaDurk™,"If you are a motorsport enthusiast, this game is for you to understand the basic stuff of setting up a car before races and how tire & fuel managements works. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED"
76561197968017188,Recommended,415200,26711481,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,stevenoc,"This is Fun, Realistic and Challenging.  About time we got a good Motorsport Manager game."
76561198133317952,Recommended,415200,26715410,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,cam,"This is a very good game. The overtaking could be improved though, in paticular, if you attempt to overtake up the inside, you'll more than likely fail as the driver won't break late. The outside line is usually more successful. This happens a lot around the Tondela circuit so I urge you to get rid of it if the oppurtunity arises. I also suffered a glitch in the Brazillian GP. I also think the team managers get too long e.g Kitano(McLaren) boss got to keep his job despite the team failing to score a single point. There could also be a bit more crashing and reliability failures as most races finish with all 20 runners left. Im sure there will be more catagories like Touring Cars in the next version. However, I was very impressed with the drivers lineups at the end of each season. There are a few rookies from junior catagories and the new drivers or driver swaps are usually based on performance and is very realistic. The driver problems are also good such as speeding can actually improve your marketability. The attention to detail on the tracks is very good along with aerodynamics and staff are also realistic. The driver-Mechanic relationship is very good and so to are the sponsors, HQ. The game does desperately need an EDITOR though."
,Recommended,415200,26728715,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,HeavyD,"Really loving this game. I play a lot of racing games but never thought I'd buy a game like this but decided to check it out after seeing a few reviews online.You can decide how to run your team, lots of decision making whether it be on the track in realtime during a race or between races where you need to manage all aspects of your motorsport team.Couple of things I would like to see:- When in game either start the camera angle to match the angle of the HUD map or add a button to do it.- When exiting the game after doing a save it prompts if you want to quit without saving even though you just saved, so it would be better if it didn't prompt if you don't change anything after save."
76561198027636739,Recommended,415200,26664728,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,obberz,"This is a game I want to like, Ive been waiting since 1997 for a genuine replacement to  F1 Manager Pro (Software 2000)  and I was hoping this game would be it. In some ways it is, with improved graphics nice race day options but in otherways it still feels like an arcade or its mobile app origins. I'm currently playing the career mode on the worst team in the lowest catagory for racing an find myself after 6 seasons starting to go through the motions of play. I find every year I'm starting from the begining and my competitors are getting better but I am not. I have upgraded some of my factory but this still puts me some 8 secs behind the lead. I find financially I cannot build and supply a competative race car each season and always finish last. I would recommend this game if you are a true F1 fan as you cant go past it. I hope some improvements are found in the AI and it a greater benefit to be gained from having your own team. Good but misses the mark."
76561198002635599,Recommended,415200,26715745,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Dan,"So... I have opted for this over Football Manager this year and I have to say I am impressed.As a first go at this genre on this platform the guys have done a cracking job, the AI is good and getting your car set up and strategy right make the race weekends very interesting.I have started with one of the challenge modes (3rd attempt) and now that I am starting to understand he mechanics of the game I can see alot of time being put in to plaging this game.Politics plays an interseting part too as this can shape the way in which the following season unfolds, i also like the added touch of other team principals approaching you and offering a back hander for your vote! being in a smaller team I sell out every time!I can see later editions of this game becoming more in depth and more interestingGREAT JOB GUYS!"
,Recommended,415200,26721643,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Solid Sain,"If you like racing, Motorsport Manager will be something you can enjoy. It is easy to get into, the UI is intuitive and simplifies the changes you do to the car setup, and there is plenty of things to upgrade at the HQ. There are quite a few bugs (such as a progression bug that limits how much of your car's stats gets passed on to the next season), but it is still fun as it is. The in-race simulation is a bit weird, with cars sometimes pulling off impossible turns and grinding pretty hard with another car, so if you're looking for a realistic in-race simulation, you won't find it here (however, a lot of the details are there, such as safety cars, tyre options, pit stop management and many others). All in all, if you like cars and racing or you would like to get into them, this game is fun and easy to learn (there is also a tutorial to teach you how the basics work). There just needs to be a command to tell drivers to shut up about intermediates.Pros:Easy to learnSimple and intuitive UI, shows car setup changes in an easy to understand format.Able to control strategies in a race and determine pit stop timings.Manage many aspects of a team.3 league tiers, each with their own rules and the ability to vote for next season rule changes.Weather system makes for interesting tyre change and pit strategies.Cons:Pretty simple interview system. Repeated questions with the same answers to choose from.Race simulation is a little bit too simplistic than I had thought. Cars make some crazy snap turns that would certainly rip apart half the car.Unable to create your own team/drivers/etc.Cannot separate sector strategy without micro-managing during the race.Notes:The 'Expected Result' at the post-race screen is confusing. I had a driver in the 8th standing, finished 7th in the race with the team in 7th standing, but the 'Expected Result' showed my position as 5th. There have been a couple more times where this has happened.Drivers love to complain about the tiniest bit of rain and switching to inters.It would be cool to be able to zoom closer during races."
,Recommended,415200,26722845,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Daddi,"I've been on the fence to buy this game, was unsure about the final quality.3 days before the day one the first gameplay on yt came out, got totally hooked to it (im a big fan of F1), ended up by preordering.After a week of play i can say i really found a great, great, game, some bugs are present, but overall the quality of the final game is extremely high.9/10"
,Recommended,415200,28331154,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,AHappySquirrel,"A really enjoyable simulation, It is hard to understand at first and then you get into the game, it is worth every penny, i would reccomend this game to any other of my motorsport loving friends, and hope that they would love it too, I enjoyed the mobile game that this branched from so I had no reason not to like this too."
76561198010345132,Recommended,415200,28384606,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,holyflabberpoo,Absolutely spectacular. Usually I can't make it through even one season on sports or sport management games. I think I'm on season 4 now. I don't even know because seriously who cares I just want to be promoted to the next racing league so I can go faster.
76561198030448737,Recommended,415200,26664731,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,fiddypence2010,"Loving the game, runs well on my relatively low spec comp too. Never been a motorsport fan, but thought i'd try it as I do like most simulation/management games...can see this turning out to be very successful. 8/10"
,Recommended,415200,26700071,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,PsychoDeli,"Brilliant. It has been a very long time since I loaded up a game and played for hours on end with no break, not even exiting the game for a few minutes.When I finally won my first race, I had my number two driver in 1st, and my number 1 in third. My no 1 had gearbox trouble and was barely keeping the guy chasing behind him...nailbiting to wonder whether he woudl be able to keep third or whether his gearbox woudl even last to th end of the race.All the while, my guy in the front was hanging on by a hair...tension every lap until finally, that first win.Awesome game....now back for some more"
,Recommended,415200,26713899,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,dlyrium,"If you like sports management games (OOTP, Football Manager, FHM etc) and you have at least a passing interest in motorsport, you'll be well away with this. It's not too complex where you need a degree in engineering to play, but not so simple that it becomes repetitive (though obviously you're essentially doing the same thing over and over, because that's what motorsport is).The races are often full of drama, without being so unpredictable that it feels like you're playing a random number generator. Your decisions definitely matter, the wrong strategy or bad decision making can cost your driver a few places, or even the race.The graphics, for the price, are good. Sometimes the cars can be a little bit flaky out on the track (suddenly accelerating because the game has determined an overtake should happen, for instance) but overall it looks and plays out pretty well. Although standard speed seems a tad slow, that might just be because I play on 3x speed most of the time. :pIt has fictional approximations of real life tracks, all fully featured with their various different layout options.There are several nifty feaures, like driver-mechanic chemistry giving bonuses (some awesome, some situational, some a bit meh, depending on the engineer) so it's not always a case of finding the driver and mechanic with the most star ratings that you can afford and hiring them. An experienced duo can be much better than two talented individuals who've never met. They also keep their chemistry, so if you hire a top driver away from a rival you might also want to think about hiring his/her race mechanic to keep the bonuses. Likewise, a 'better' mechanic might not have such useful bonuses as another, technically 'worse' mechanic does, so that needs to be considered to.The game is split into three 'tiers', representing GP3, GP2 and Formula One roughly, obviously without any licenses. They have differing rule sets (which can change throughout the game depending on votes that happen during the season). At game start for instance GP3 has spec rear and front wings (meaning you can't develop them, everyone uses the same), with no qualifying (grid position is determined by reverse championship order, with the guy last in the championship standings on pole position). I'm not sure how authentic this is but it's great. Likewise, GP2 has spec engines, and qualifying, etc, etc. Winning a championship will get your team invited to the series above, which is neat (you don't have to accept).Overall, I've had a lot of fun with this so far.The one massive detraction currently is that there's no editor. Like, at all. You can't edit anything. Which in a game like this is a very odd decision. I can only assume that an editor is coming later."
,Recommended,415200,30836495,Posted: 30 March,all,rge75,"Even though the game is very repetitive, the races itself are pretty interesting and it's just great if your pit strategy is working. I recommend to get this game during a sale though. Using a mod with real names (either 2007 or in my case 1989 F1) makes the game a lot more enjoyable because you're a lot more connected with real teams and drivers.Pro:- easy access, but anyway enough ""depth"" to keep the game interesting- setting up the car during the practice to get the best balance (can sometimes also be annoying)- interesting races and ""cute"" graphics- building/developping new parts and deciding which driver/car will get it is interesting- F1 drama (your driver wins some races and suddenly has a new attribute self-important. Or your 2nd driver is unhappy because your other driver has the better car)Contra:- It's not possible to sign contracts in advance for next season. If you want to sign a driver, it's always immediately, causing a contract penalty- It seems like I only get bad sponsors even though my market rate isn't that bad- the e-mails from press/fans after and between races are way too repetitive"
76561198169388373,Recommended,415200,30127268,Posted: 23 February,all,zuzumaister,nagyon jó
,Recommended,415200,28123949,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,P7uen,"Somewhere in between the old F1 managers like GPM2 (or the recent and sadly cancelled Race Team Simulator) and the original mobile game. If you liked either, I would buy it.Good support and free DLC within the first month, bodes really well for the future. Hoping for even more detail and options in the future."
76561198090356650,Recommended,415200,30706318,Posted: 24 March,all,AngrySlipper,"Actual racing driver here (formula cars, Europe). I played this game a lot more on android during my flights to racing events actually, PC version is fundamentally the same, just ""more of everything"".TLDR: Even though the game is full of inconsistencies virtually in every mechanic (from in-race to career), I can still recommend it.At first it♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off that some things didn't work the way they should, especially racing related. Off-track management part, even though completely unrealistic, was easier for me to accept, because even in real life this stuff varies from one extreme to another depending on a team, championship or category.Racing-wise, however it was frustrating to me how inaccurate it was in relation to actual racing.But if you stop treating this game as a ""simulator"" and accept it as fictitious in every respect, then it's fun. For sure, if it was more realistic it would not be fun for most people.Personally, I do wish it was more realistic, eventually more complex and way more difficult."
,Recommended,415200,30765967,Posted: 26 March,all,OwiHH [NC],Best Motorsportmanager i played in my whole life. SEGA a brand that stands for itself. Quality game with alot addictionfactor.
,Recommended,415200,30766045,Posted: 26 March,all,tcelvis,Ate 20 hours of my life on day 1.
76561198019746901,Recommended,415200,30772210,Posted: 27 March,all,Bad Wolf,"Very fun game, very addicting, amazingly in depth yet very simplified in its delivery"
76561198004597728,Recommended,415200,29938902,Posted: 15 February,all,eaZed neptune,Cool game .seems like there is many hours of gameplay here .i seen it in the sale half price  and had to get it ..so far im not dissapointed.just finding my way round how everything works atm..well worth it though at 12.49gbp
76561197968229441,Recommended,415200,29940779,Posted: 15 February,all,MaGiX,"Too old for F1 Racing? Go for this one on sale, you will not regret it. Saving game progress anytime is a good thing for daddies xD... only F1 manager game around to my opinion.ProSaving whenever you wantRealistic race feelingGrafix good enoughConslacks depths between races"
,Recommended,415200,26614811,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,dowroa,"Platforms Played On:* 2011 Macbook Air (min settings)* Built Gaming PC on Win10Quick thoughts:* Great game that is 95% of the way there (a few known bugs that impact year over year experience)* Desperately screaming for Steam Workshop integration* For my SimRacing friends question -- yes, it is F1-style onlyGreat game. It is almost all the way there. A great experience that is a real challenge.Love the game, and I generally don't play management style games. Just enough real control during the race and tactical decisions to make it great.With a GT-car and Endurance mod, this would amazing for me."
,Recommended,415200,26613046,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Froz,"Amazing presentation, and just enough detail to make your choices feel like they matter.However, the game is very light on sim elements. All of the aspects of race team management you'd expect to be there are present, but complexity generally isn't. Part performance and reliability are each abstracted to a single number, sponsors involve a single click-and-forget to sign them, and the offseason chassis design/supplier phase simplifies itself to ""spend more money, get better car"".If you can forgive that, you get a stylish and immersive way to experience the fantasy of being a race team principal, without losing the fun of that fantasy in endless number crunching."
76561198005866897,Recommended,415200,26629703,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,ExLeper,"This is a game I've wanted to play for a long time. Not nesecerily this title, but a motorsport manager game. There have been others, and they've never impressed enough for me to buy them. But, Motorsport Manager wheeled me in. It is exactly what I wanted from this type of game. It's not hardcore on the mechanical side - you don't have to know the inner workings of a car - that is kept simple. The focus is on getting your team, improving it, and winning. It is Football Manaager with cars."
76561198057731969,Recommended,415200,26602532,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,ScorchTacoMan,This game is so well polished that it is incredibly hard to find something wrong with it. The management side of the game is perfect and the racing side is well done. These developers have stayed true to the basic ideas of mangement/simulation games that it sets a new standard for them. I reccomend this game to anyone..
,Recommended,415200,28498268,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,F.U.B.A.R,"If you like manager games, then this is a game for you. At first it seems simple, but the races are ruthless unless you choose the right strategy, team and of course the way you build the car.WARNING: May cause addiction!"
,Recommended,415200,30154666,Posted: 24 February,all,LokiD,"Amazing - the only reason i played CM f1 games for the strategy (not so much the arcade driving) Now i have the strategy side in a nice polished extremely great management game!!great work devs... addictive title, hours lost !"
,Recommended,415200,26636334,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Chop,"Beautiful looking game, especially for a manager game. There's plenty there to keep the game interesting for many seasons. The thing I appreciate is that everything that's there seems to be a very good and solid basis to develop on further. Think similar to Football Manager's development over the years. I'm hoping this game finds a big enough market to warrant regular development, because I'm very excited for its future."
,Recommended,415200,26638684,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,SerialKillerJTR,This game is fantastic! I usually don't like manager based games but this is in a league of it's own and well worth buying.The graphics are stunning and to be able to sit back and watch the race unfold while running your team is awesome fun.Very well made and very well thought out..I'm loving it!...Great job devs
76561197970352212,Recommended,415200,27822824,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Super Hans,"Amazing game just so addictive, had to nominate this for the ""just 5 more minutes"" award, honestly once you get into it this game is just so hard to put down!"
76561198067154328,Recommended,415200,32657515,Posted: 22 June,all,NightFox,"Even though I have only played a little bit i can easily say this is one of the best management I have ever played. Something for sure that you have to get however, is the 2017 mod in the workshop it makes the game go from an 8 to a 9.5. I would easily recommend this game to anyone who even watches racing a little bit.9.5/10"
,Recommended,415200,33153972,Posted: 2 July,all,•̪̀●MyLittlePwny•,Great game
,Recommended,415200,26566298,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,GreGGo,"I have long played the mobile version of this game and could not wait for the PC version. Was it worth it? Yes...I just completed my first season and have fallen in love with the game. Throughout the season, I was able to grow in knowledge as well as improve strategies, drivers, and the car. The wonderful thing is seeing these changes in motion during practice and race-day. Acheiving my first podium was an excellent feeling and left me wanting more. The next race showed that no matter what I do, sometimes it just isn't my day. One of my drivers was plowed into, breaking the rear wing and effectively ending his race. Frustrating? Of course! But sometimes that just happens. The following race I was able to make up for it, passing the same driver that plowed into mine on the last lap for a second podium in three races.All this just to say that the game is incredibly enjoyable. It's addicting in the sense of clicking continue just to get to the next event, the planning that goes into the race, and the reward or failure that comes with it as you learn along the way. The game is great as-is, but I cannot wait to see improvements in the future as the game is wide open for just how deep it can become. As it stands, the game is already fairly deep and I've only just scratched the surface. I will update this as I play more."
,Recommended,415200,30990361,Posted: 6 April,all,BlueOrange,"This game ia absolutely gripping, and I've been binging on it for a week now.  I'm dimly aware of an expansion I was really looking forward to, and a Humble Monthly that has unlocked, but I don't care - Predator Racing needs me, and I need them.Following the advice from another review, I chose to manage Predator Racing, the bottom team in the bottom league.  It's been quite a ride, and aspects of the game have only just started to make sense to me, 58 hours in.  It SEEMS innocent enough - recruit and appoint drivers, fit out cars, decide on a pit strategy and use it.But things keep happening.  Safety cars come out and destroy the lead you worked to build - or fail to.  Rain looks like it's clearing up, but sometimes it's a pause in the downpour, not an end to it. And then there's the fact that (unlike most games with 'manager' in the title) this game is simulating a managerial career.  So decisions that might annoy the owner might also get me fired.After 3 seasons, I've promised the chairman that we'll finish 7th this year.  (How anyone gets the achievement for a season 2 championship with Predator is beyond me at the moment.)  Most of our long-term investments have paid off, and there's one or two races in the coming year that we might actually win.  Wish me luck :)"
76561197977981359,Recommended,415200,31036584,Posted: 9 April,all,[A-Net]Wittgenstein,"Great Game!An awesome mix of different decission levels:+ long term: how do i manage my headquarter, staff, technical and finance strategy+ middle range: how do i play the season (money, car development, ranking ...)+ situative decisions: training, qualifying, racing tacticsOn every level and situation your plan can be damaged or enriched by your decission.You can scale your engagement and game objectives: just win a race, play a good season or bring your team up from a lower league to one of the best racing teams of the world (needs time, strategy and patience).Anyway: if your looking for a challenging simulation without easy, lucky winnings Motorsport Manager is good choice with outstanding game mechanics. Easy to learn, hard to handle.About me: i am not a motorsport fan and i don't know much about this sport. Maybe i've learned a bit more but i can't judge the realism factor. (rain and thunder are very realistic ;-))I am impressed by this game as an exciting simulation - last but not least it offers a pleasant design and a very, very good user interface.9.9/10 ... sometimes i wish i could have cameras in my cars."
76561198370799876,Recommended,415200,31100315,Posted: 12 April,all,DarkKnight,"Great game, alot of stratigical thinking of how to manage your drivers and team, very addictive."
76561198040030963,Recommended,415200,32722683,Posted: 24 June,all,marklory,Well thought out and interesting. Goes into loads of detail and good tutorials. Suddenly two hours were gone I was so engrossed. I really like this game.
76561198029856711,Recommended,415200,26521334,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Mitth'raw'nuruodo,"Manage open-wheel racing in an ""ideal world"", where almost 50% drivers are women. NERDRAGE!!!!!!!!!!!! 10/10"
,Recommended,415200,26522579,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,YOUR DRUNK UNCLE,"If they got some licenses with some real racing serieses, this thing would make so much money it's ridiculous.Beyond that, a very good manager game that I recommend for everyone with a lot of spare time since this thing mulches it like nothing else."
,Recommended,415200,29383988,Posted: 20 January,all,buffalotrucker,"Being a huge fan of Fomula 1 means that you'll likely have several needs during the off-season and, as silly as this off-season has been, it still hadn't satiated my desire for motorsport competition. I started my season with Motorsport Manager in the lowest division, with the worst team just to see how quickly I could come to grasp with all the mechanics and to see how well I could manage bringing my team to a few podiums. I now have three seasons under my belt (which equate to about 10 races in the lowest division each) and I'm only barely in 8th place out of 10 teams. There's a lot to grasp early-on with Motorsport Managers mechanics and you'll likely be scratching your head as to how they all work together for a long time. Having said that, if you're willing to spend some time with the tutorial and are willing to make a few mistakes along the way, you'll find working your way up the Motorsport Manager to be really satisfying."
,Recommended,415200,26525125,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,FAster Creed,"Starting from lower tier at lowest rated team, aiming to top tier with top improvements. Fair enough for a positive review..."
76561198148336166,Recommended,415200,29873069,Posted: 12 February,all,Mac,Love It! Great challenge and still learning new things everytime i play. There are a few things I think they should tune like being able to change the setup of the car in a little more detail. Aside from that its a great game.
76561198001917685,Not Recommended,415200,33338353,Posted: 7 July,all,Sunrayn,The numerous CTDs made this game more fruststrating than fun to play.
76561197970869826,Recommended,415200,26690142,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,TrueMole,Reminds me of Football Manager in the Glory days before feature creep bogged it down and meant a season took a month to complete.If you like management games and have even a passing interest in formula one then give this a go you won't regret it.
,Recommended,415200,26710339,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,hajes29a,"POSITIVEgreat management game for motorsport fansit forces man think about strategyNEGATIVEweird behaviour by ""blue flag""...it happened many times that I've been flagged due faster car behind me - my driver slowed down and was overtaken by my competition and dropped 2 places. that's great SCREW UPmy driver has great consistency, qualifies great but drops five places during start...really weird.further more on consistency...my driver pushes hard and then suddenly loses 2 places without any logical reason :-DSUGGESTIONwaiting for slow cars to finish...broken without fuel and one waits minutes until those carsfinish...WHY?perhaps advanced car setup for crazy motorsport fans who wants more complexity in gameperhaps more detailed design of parts for more fun and customization"
76561198006578053,Recommended,415200,26727133,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Chad Kroeger,"Great game, this is a Chads Choice. Good challange to start from the bottom is the Preditor team and work up. Its like starting with a Volvo v70r with Brucey as your driver and taking your team to glory."
76561198119476107,Recommended,415200,26700218,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,spotme_2,"I haven't played a Formula 1 Manager game for like 20 years! I wasn't going to get this at first because I thought my PC would have problems getting the best out of the game, but I was glad I decided to.It's a fabulous game to play, largely because of the amount of things you can do within your team. Obviously the main attraction for me is the car setup section (loved doing this on Nascar EU on xbox 360!) During practise it helps a lot especially when you make at least 2 runs for each driver, because then you have an opportunity to get your drivers through each race with as much help as possible, along with the stratergy of the pitstops. The improving parts and reliability section is very good, seeing as this not only allows you to improve your car parts, it also allows to get their reliability during races up too. Not only that you have the opportunity to build new parts for your car (ready for next season) which is cool too, especially when you have to improve their reliability in order to possibly use them in future races.The growing of your headquarters is a good touch because it also gives you something to aim for, depending how long & how many Championships you wish to stay with one team.To be honest there isn't much wrong with it as far as I am concerned, yes there is the licensing perspective, and I do wish there were a way around it such as being able to edit driver/team names, but I can live without those.So far I have only tried the European Racing Championship section, and so far it's very good and I can't wait to start either the next season with fresh younger drivers, or move up a Championship and see how that pans out..."
76561197986249968,Recommended,415200,26519748,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Wizztek,"-----------  EDIT due to more time on the game ------------I needed to add to my review due to more time on the game,This game offers so much in managing your team. The stuff you can do like researching tech, improving tech and improving the car overall throughout the seasons.I think this has to be the single best F1 Managment game to date PERIOD.It always has that ""I'll just have one more game"" feel to it so the hours soon mount up.You get involved with the teams willing them on etc and the lows ofcourse :)If you like F1, I currently do not see a single reason for you not to like this game.It fills all the F1 Hunger that we may have and more.Its just a really really really well made game!10/10-----  ORIGINAL  -----wow wow and wow.... They actually pulled it off !I wasnt expecting it to be this good, but it really is. A must buy for F1 lovers! Its so indeph it is unreal. It makes the Mobile verison look like a blank piece of paper. Seriously, If you love F1, and like the style of FM, and love to manage EVERY aspect of your team, then press the buy button already!!"
76561198161525373,Recommended,415200,34686365,Posted: 2 September,all,Sprocket825,"I've never played a game that is so challengingly complex.This game is so incredibly deep in detail. It really does make you feel like a team manager. This game has so much to offer.At this point i've played this game for almost 40 hours and I've yet to see what the career mode is like after one full season of racing.The place where most of the game's content is used is in the Career mode. There are many projects, staff, and cars to, well......manage. It took a while to get used to, but it felt great when I figured it out. I don't know much else about the career mode, so I won't continue further.The place where I spent the most time was the Single Race mode. Race weekends are where I find the most enjoyment. Each team has different traits and abilities in each area, Each track supports different strengths, and affects different weaknesses. All championships that can be chosen all have different regulations, and are all be amazing fun to participate in, as they all feel like different events, all of different lengths.Overrall, this game is a lot bigger than I can comprehend, and I feel like the best way to determine whether the game is worth it is entirely subjective. For me however, it is.I rate this game:A very large fruitcake/10"
,Recommended,415200,30940470,Posted: 4 April,all,DaM1306,"The most important feedback: I am having a lot of fun playing this game.Since some time the biggest problem that I have is not to find games with a lot of realism, but games with a lot of fun. I have to say that MM lacks sometime of realism, but maybe is exactly for that reason that I can play it for hours and still wanting to go on for ""just another race"".The atmosphere is great and the usage of appropriate mods helps you to feel competing in real life championships. The translations are wonderful; I am playing in italian and I feel that they didn't just translated the texts, but used slangs that are typical in my language.I find the mechanism to improve the car during the season challenging and clear, but also in this case not that much realistic. I don't know if this is a conscius decision to make the game more enjoyable, but I have to say that it works and that I guess I am enjoying it more than a full realistic  process.There are still some possible improvements that should be considered also at this not realistic simulation status:- maybe is a small thing, but during the free pratice there are no ways to know how many laps will last the race! Since during the free pratice you can gain experience with the typres type, it would make sense to have know how long will be the race, in order to plan which tyres you want to test.- I played two season now and basically it never happened that one of my drivers did during the qualifying a better time in the second run than in the first one. That makes still less sense if you consider that normally at the end of the session the grip is higher!- it would be great if it would be possible to copy the balance of a car to the other one and above all to copy the balance from the previous year! After finding the right setting in 2016 I don't have the will to start from scratch for the 2017... I would prefere to use the set of the previous year as basis (I am pretty sure that it is how it works in real race as well :) ). You could also consider how much time a driver raced in a specific circuit to improve his/her level of experience.- the contract negotations are horrible! I understand that you have to pay a penalty if you take a driver/engineer from another team while the older contract is still running, but you should be able to close a contract for the future. And also I think that it would be better to have more staff than just an engineer and two mechanics: it would make more challenging having a five star team.- I would like to have more transparency to understand how the car for the next year will be influenced by the development of the car for the current one."
76561198076666056,Recommended,415200,31941151,Posted: 24 May,all,D.H Ginting,Bye bye real lifeRealLifeDestroyer/10
,Recommended,415200,26546681,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,KINE,"9/10 Management GameIf you like management games, this game is worth a tryIf you like F1 and not specifically just the driving, this game is worth a tryIf you like both F1 and management type games, you should obviously get thisPlenty to manage outside the track. Staff, car parts, scouting talent, driver, infrastructure, finances and sponsors etc. Decisions on race day are meaningful. One bad call can lose you your podium run. One inspired tactical change could leap frog your car from the middle all the way to the front. RNG is minimal. When things go wrong, you would've seen it coming so most things are calculated risks.Slick interface, nice art. Game flows smoothly taking you from one task to the next seamlessly. Despite the large number of screens and pages you need to look at, you rarely get lost or distracted. Nicely thought out. All the game's concepts are intuitive, the average person should be able to pick up what's going on, what needs doing and how to do them better quickly. Even without a tutorial this game is easy to understand.Teams voting on next season's ruleset is wonderful and adds much to the strategy. Love it. Team building strategic options are there. The long term game isn't linear. Players have options on how to improve their teams or more specifically, what to improve first with each choice affecting how your seasons will play out. That said, it is heavily dependent on financial resources thus playing poorer teams means less choices on how to proceed. Given the slow paced nature of Motorsport Manager, this can turn players off.Overall - managing a team in this game is both deep and satisfying.Things I didn't particularly liked and wished were different:- Gimmicky qualifying mechanics prolly there to keep grid starts a little less predictable. Not necessarily a bad thing but could've been done better. Auto resolving qualifying usually puts you at the back of the pack.- Practice session and fine tuning is fun. But UI on driver feedback could be improved. If you missed what your drivers said while they were driving, you're left guessing back at the pitstop which is annoying. And some effort could have been put into providing clues toward achieving perfect settings for all the categories. Right now, you're pretty much guessing blind.- Managing pit strategy for both your cars simultaneously on Race Day can be chaotic. Wished there were quality of life features to automate pitting your cars at predetermined intervals. As is, it's too easy to pit your cars too early or missing opportunistic pitstops when the safety car comes out all because you didn't see it in time.---25 hours played at time of writing.Started the game playing the challenge mode: Take a low tier team and top the constructor's table.Team was 8th of 10 at season start. Ended first season still at 8th.Now in season 2, averaging 6th place as manufacturer. Prolly end second season 5th.This gonna take a while.Motorsport Manager is definitely a long game."
76561198078491927,Recommended,415200,26543773,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,lNk,"Finally arrived.pros+about motorsports and we all loving it.cons-practice sessions absurdly short-no license !-only 3 series gp2-3, f1-Maybe  i'm the only one but there isn't  you can much to do with setting up car but also effects so much.It's like f1 2016 with ai feed back ,nothing more.When you think football manager games, it's a bit dull-a pre-race strategy planing screen might be handyAfter playing this , i think we can get a lot more content."
76561198007316850,Not Recommended,415200,35136450,Posted: 22 September,all,Rommel013,"I want to like Motorsport Manager. I really do. The level of control over the car, the contract negotiation, the driver perks, the short and long term decisions are great.It's biggest downside is how tedious and drawn out the races are. Even when using the fastest 'fast forward' speed and knowing exactly what to do when, each race will take roughly an hour with little input from you. Even if you micromanage the race (when to overtake, when to back off for tire temp and fuel consumption), even if you're constantly redoing fuel burn and tire consumption to have the fastest possible lap times, you'll spend far more time waiting for something to happen than actively playing the game.If I wanted to watch a Formula 1 race. I'd turn on the television. The game needs a 'simulate race' button that is reliable and consistent, unlike the simulate practice or simulate qualifying which is basically like putting a mentally damaged 4 year old in charge and letting them push shiny buttons while ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ their pants.If you want to watch poorly redered pixels run around a track while you wait for the race to be done so you can keep playing the game of managing a motorsport team, it's worth a buy. Otherwise, save your money and time."
,Recommended,415200,28836340,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Super Packman,"This game is quite addictive. The challenge is entirely dependent on what team you choose. I personally started off in the European Championship with Team Silvia Racing. They are right in the middle of the lineup so it gave me a good foundation to start my game without handing me everything. I had to master the game in order to pull of my first win, and my goodness was that an epic moment.Ultimately, yes, the game does become ""the same thing"" over and over, BUT, your strategy changes after each race. And the depth of control over your strategy is pretty deep.The graphics are good enough, nothing to win awards over, but it does everything it needs to. Cars emit sparks when flying over corners, and smoke when a part completely breaks down. The menus can seem overwhelming from the screenshots, but the tutorial eases you in gently to come to terms with all the systems and controls you need to monitor and adjust during a race.When not in a race, you're developing parts, scouting new staff, and preparing for the next race by checking weather etc. Its not always rainbow and sunshine, I couldn't pull off a podium finish my first couple of races, and the team founder gave me an ultimatum to get a 5th position or higher in the next race or I was fired. A few attempts and Alt-F4s later, I finally fired my worst race mechanic, developed new brakes for the next race, and set my best driver for a long haul 3-pit strategy. It paid off, even with a bum engine 3 laps to finish and managed to bring home the gold and save my job.If you love the racing world, you need to pick this up. Its worth the money."
76561197966324261,Recommended,415200,30285982,Posted: 2 March,all,Mor3ira,"After 200 hours playing this game I think i can say that it's a good game , for those who play management games , and have a crush on Formula 1 this game can take you to the limit and make you feel like you want to play more and more !I Took the original game team Thornton to the Top . It was chalenging and took its time , durinmg several seasons experiencing it and learning it all by myself as little can be learn't yet from fan base websites or even reviews.The game lacks on many things yet and seems a little bad when registering the results right specially when it comes to positions achieved . I believe though that it can be improved largely as much as a Football manager , but untill there the game is playable and very enjoyable .I'll give it a 81 out of 100 and I strongly recomend it for F1 lovers!"
76561197973115459,Recommended,415200,30767706,Posted: 27 March,all,Baker,This is my first management type game and I am addicted.Having an interest in motorsport and with the free week pass I decided to give it a go.I haven't stopped yet.
76561198017192120,Recommended,415200,30761834,Posted: 26 March,all,Gnk*,"Ever dreamed to be in charge of a racing team? Choose drivers, staff, sponsors and start developing the car...many choices and different paths can make you a great manager or a complete disaster! It´s up to you.Good 3d graphics, variable meteo conditions and different strategies every race weekend make this game very funny and enjoyable experience.Steam workshop with many mods is also available.Recommended to motorsport fans!"
76561198177885583,Recommended,415200,26567967,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,saunders.j.ben,"Such a wicked game. Ignore the neg reviews, your not gunna find a racing manager game anywhere never as pretty and deep as this game. Clocked up 16hrs in 1.5 days. I cant stop playing.And for £25.00 id pay double and would still be happy."
76561198013397452,Recommended,415200,26532353,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Ardubich,"This game is very addictive. I played for 8.4 hours on my first sit down with it. The only reason I didn't play longer is because it is 2:53am and I have to be up at 7:30am.Updated version: I have owned this game for 55 hours and have like 27 hours played. There are a couple minor balancing type issues, but this game is very solid. No stability issues, fun, in-depth, but easy to play. I literally can't pull myself away from it."
76561198072371302,Recommended,415200,26668655,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Cepryka,"Its an awsome game, gives back a fealing close to being a high end team manager.....HOWEVER... ( and if the fallowing wont happen soon i will not recommend this game becouse:1. the best case scenario for the hundreds of unexplained factors is that you cantmake clear tactical decisions and thats bad enough as that is the whole point..BUT atleast thay really matter2. or the core of the game is only smoke and mirrors and that would be sad as imhooked on this game but there are certain things happening during races thatwould only make sence if the core mechanics are just smoke and mirrors.... )without a real official manual describeing how the hundreds of stats from the car ,the team ,the HQ ,the driver etc.interract its really hard to make decisions like a pro and feal that the results werent not always down to luck.....add this to events like being overtaken by someone on the lowest tyre setting when your all pedal to the metal and its hard not to think that the core mechanics of this game are just smoke and mirrors...and the only think that can clarify this is an official manual so players can confirm the main mechanics of the game are legit....UNTIL THANtotaly give you the benefit of the doubt as this game feals amazing and got me hooked like crazySO great job devs and please provide that manual so we can know that this game is for real"
76561198003064460,Recommended,415200,28042055,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,AlwaysBanned,"Bought game at 1am, got even more stoned and attempted to play.  1 hour of staring at menus blankly and not taking much in I wondered if i'd made a mistake.  Got to Second race weekend and started making strategy changes that made the difference on the track, completely hooked.  Brilliant game.F1/10 would put my jenson button pyjamas on and play motorsport manager at 1am again."
,Recommended,415200,33631254,Posted: 18 July,all,'Raikkonen,It's fun.I hope in the future you can add a commentator to bring more excitement to the game and please do it just an update to the game not a DLC.Edit: I'm cheap what i meant it should be a free DLC like create your own team which should be in the base game in the first place.
76561197976139515,Not Recommended,415200,33035863,Posted: 30 June,all,defdaz,"Can't recommend this game. Too basic, you've seen it all within a few races. I was glad when the season was finally over. I was hoping to continue onto the second season and continue my good form / results. There was no indication of how much money you needed for next seasons car but luckily I had enough to pretty much max it out. I was surprised, then, to see a return to the pace of the start of the first season - i.e. all the improvements and money spent made no difference. Only months of grind of upgrading all the parts again would return my cars to the front of the race. Ridiculous. What a shame, was hoping for a deep and involving management sim but alas I enjoy Grand Prix Manager on the Spectrum more! ;)"
,Recommended,415200,26531817,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Lemml,"I have played dozens games of this kind (racing manager simulations), most of them were very bad - maybe some of them average. This is the first racing management game that is indeed a very good game.I like the depth of the game (it's detailled but not too detailled) and the way you can build up small racing teams."
76561198031368006,Recommended,415200,26729019,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Plastic Dreams,"This is a great game.. Very good strategy and a good graphical interface as well. Im impressed.You need to be a motorsport addict of course... but there are SO many details for the race, the motor, the team, the financing, just about everything you could think of."
76561198033112210,Recommended,415200,29670650,Posted: 3 February,all,soleilchef,I spent 30+hrs in the game during the last week. It worths playing and the workshop will make it more real.
76561198112295089,Recommended,415200,31484251,Posted: 1 May,all,savagesam,Amazing Game. Would reccomend to any motorsport fan.
76561198077269805,Not Recommended,415200,30023105,Posted: 18 February,all,jztres,"After couple hours into the game I got say its decently fun and upgrade from the mobile game. However it is not without its kinks. I have to say the mod support is rather dissapointing, for example you can only activate one mod at a time such as one database mod or one model mod which quite useless. Other then that gameplay can be quite buggy such as randomly not being able to advance for no real reason, and some aspects can take forever such upgrade you buildings for R&D which really makes upgrading your car drag. Overall game is decent defiently not worth 49.99 but if you can pick up on sale and are motorsports fan go for it. Hopefully it will in improve with the release of upcoming DLC."
76561198001235146,Not Recommended,415200,34530600,Posted: 27 August,all,jon157uk,"I've tried to like this game and I've tried to learn this game, neither have paid off. Unless you can work out how to cheat or work out which one of the many mods available happens to do any good Motorsport Manager soon becomes a boring, predictable drudge from one season to next. Some people claim great success with this game but unless they found the mod that works or did indeed work out how to cheat I don't see how it's possible. Even with the latest updates your car and your drivers will still remain rubbish. the driver input you get whilst 'developing', practicing, qualifying or racing is a total nonsence and will make no difference to how bad your car is or how slow it goes. Pit stops are a big joke, the devs claim to have 'fixed' them with the last update but I see no difference here either and no matter how good your pit crew are they still make more mistakes than any other team in the game (costing you even more time in the race) and your pit stop time is always around 20 to 30sec, the AI teams on the other hand, even the rubbish ones, will be in and out of the pits before you've even hardly notice them stop. You can spend all your money upgrading your factory, design centre, test track.....anything you like but it will still make no difference to how bad your car and drivers are. You don't get enough money at any point in this game to make your car good enough to compete, anything your team does learn will be totally forgotten in the new season and you'll have to start all over again. There are so many bad things going on with this game that I couldn't possibly list them all, there are a few good things too but not so many. The idea of the game is great, it just doesnt work on an even playing field and you're always in an endless chase to achieve nothing. I've played for many hours now and nothing has really changed with any update, it will very soon become yet another greyed out game in my library."
76561198031208540,Recommended,415200,30640870,Posted: 20 March,all,Pirax,One of the best Manager game I've played
76561198047550289,Recommended,415200,30640777,Posted: 20 March,all,Komoku,"Simply the best racing simulator, I have ever come across over the decade."
76561197983722586,Recommended,415200,29176014,Posted: 10 January,all,AoD_lexandro,"ProsVery nice interface styleHighly addictive gameplayGood graphics for a management game (Its like Cities skylines in visuals)Long term gameplay options for extremely high replayabilityQuite immersive at times, with great sound effectsWorkshop modding availableFree DLC contentDedicated developersConsBugsGameplay balance issuesNo ""loading order"" for modsScore  - 8.5 / 10Conclusion; Easily worth its price. Recommended for motorsport fans and managerial gaming fans."
,Recommended,415200,34442786,Posted: 23 August,all,Tacobell480,I love how smooth the gameplay is. Why can't all games be this smooth?
76561198184723083,Recommended,415200,29647066,Posted: 2 February,all,Xiaoceyang,"非常非常非常推荐 实打实的好游戏（前提你对赛车感兴趣还有你对赛车比赛战术感兴趣）我是玩到现在觉得英文可以，但是评论里贴吧里有很多求官方汉化的，算帮个忙吧。Chinese Please, thank you.另外感谢各位大佬的各种牛逼mod了，想想就激动，是官方能拿到赛事授权会做的更好吧所以最后，hope SEGA can get some authorization of real games like Le Mans"
76561198008006327,Not Recommended,415200,33243671,Posted: 4 July,all,Sn1p3r55,"This just destroyed itself for me. Started from scratch, own team etc, approaching the end of the first season in the lowest tier. I didn't expect much and my sponsors didn't expect much. But with some well thought out pit stops I had a car in 5th with 3 laps to go. I got rubber banded back to 14th in 3 laps. All components above 75%. Enough fuel etc. No reason for it.Such a shame as it is was good game. Even more of a shame I can't refund it now. Good God I played pong in '72 and almost everything since. Beat me fair and square and it's no problem but don't treat me like a fool.10 years and my first review. That's how pi$$ed I am."
,Not Recommended,415200,29277203,Posted: 15 January,all,Sgt.Knumskull,"The game decides if your drivers crash or not, no matter what you do. Reason behind this: the game tries too hard to be exciting, by incorporating random events, and not to be just a tech-fest for the F1-tech-nerds. These ""random"" events -which most likely target the human player- are in consequence so drastic that your season can and will be f*ed up in matter of 3 laps. I've never seen an AI driver collide three times and the victim of the collision taking 3 penalties. But my drivers magically have to. The effect of this nonsene? --> No income from sponsors, losing points on the leaderboards an in the end losing out on price money at the end of the season. In a game where money is all, this is a harsh way of creating tension, atmosphere and entertainment. In effectu you linger very long in the bottom series and the whole racing business becomes a drag and grind. I have the feeling the game tries hard to keep your progress in balance, and not let you make an ""jumps"", by which it negates any wise decisions you made. Minesweeper feels fairer that this.Also several UI decisions are inept/unsophisticated: after every loading screen the short ""video"" with the series enblem. After 3 season this gets really annoying. The intro videos are not skippable. The training session starts whith the time ticking, not paused, which would be the default since the training is limited by time and unduly precious.Further weird stuff you regularly encounter in the game: the nonsensical interviews. There are seemingly only 2 types of interview you can give with no real effect. So, just skip 'em. Seen one, seen all. The illegal parts stuff is also fairly unbalanced. Get caught too often and punished too lenient. How about get caught more seldom but when, then you should feel it.I could go on 'bout this game and its features for much longer.In the end it is sad that the game is so flawed and unbalanced, since there is no good manager game out there at this time.Maybe the devs update this product and balance it out a little bit but in this state it gets boring too fast."
76561198002719292,Not Recommended,415200,28155929,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,attila316,"This game was perfect.Now it's simply unplayable: everytime you take a blue flag it completely f*cks up your race.And even if you're overlapping another car with blue flag you loose 4 or 5 laps to do itOvertake feels just stupid.. you're way faster, you overtake a car and it starts a battle that have any sense..I repeat: this game, in his first issue, was perfect. You replace the fake leagues with GP3, GP2 and F1, real names, and you have the game of your life.Now it's just a waste of time."
76561198040487201,Recommended,415200,26532507,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Bob Bobber,Good game. There are a few bugs like someone catching you very fast and yet somehow doing the same laptime. To be super critical it seems a little unrealistic for teams to be regularly 7 seconds a lap apart but tbh I am really enjoying this game.
,Recommended,415200,33031518,Posted: 30 June,all,LUL,Got Honda to manufacture my engines for a new season. Both engines had 25% reliability and broke down on Lap 1 Turn 7 of the Melbourne GP.10/10 Very realistic
,Recommended,415200,26540377,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,DanMcG,Brilliant... a detailed game that is smooth and sleek in it's appearance.But also unapologetically demanding of you like the real racing scene... winning is something you have to earn and I'm loving every second.If you like sim games then just buy this... no questions... just do it
,Recommended,415200,26608949,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Schigera,"Girlfriend: ""It's 2 in the morning you need to go to bed!""Me: ""I CAN'T I HAVE TO RUN A RACING TEAM!""Girlfriend: ""That can wait until later GET TO BED NOW!""Me: ""UGH BABE! YOU DON'T UNDERSTAND! I HAVE TO AT LEAST BE 5TH IN THE TEAMS CHAMPIONSHIP POINTS! I'M TRYING TO MEET MY REQUIRMENTS AND PLEASE THE BOSS WHILE MAINTAINING SPONSORSHIP MONEY!""Girlfriend: ""FINE! NO SEX FOR YOU TONIGHT MISTER!""Me: ""GOOD! Now I can get back to managing the team!""I r8 Harambe/69 Very addictive"
76561197992731608,Recommended,415200,26611057,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Cez,"REALLY buggy.Quit it's self maybe 3 times in the space of 5 hours or so playing it, plus frozen twice too.Other than that pretty good game."
,Recommended,415200,32535364,Posted: 18 June,all,Vlad,"This game is great! It is a nailbiter every single race. Great depth and knowledge of Motorsport from the developers. I wish it was officially licensed and had the real names, teams and competitions."
,Recommended,415200,26637738,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,JiN#EXiA,"awosome graphical and sound effect... enjoy a lot, exciting gameplay and controls. Just Hope mods delivery for FULL F1 lineup and picture. Brilliant JOB"
,Recommended,415200,26640614,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Kimbo JR,"Spend around 30 hrs in 4 days, totally worth it, gonna spend more with my lovely time waster."
76561198073259665,Recommended,415200,26792982,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Dog8myHW,vroom10/10
,Recommended,415200,26583863,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,{W`C} Sir Spanky,"This game is throughly enjoyable.  The Tutorial is very good, although about half way through I was screaming at the game to try to appeal to it, to let me just play and not click so many Notification boxes.  Very fun and very addicting, it makes you want more.  The first thing I have learned, you must not just blow your money... save as much of as you can for the next season.I have played through a couple seasons now and I wondering what is next for this game.  Things I would love to see:1.  Multiplayer:  Now none of that let's change the game MP just add Multiplayer to game and play it like it stands.2.  More:  More tracks, more races per season, more and different series (Create your own?)3.  More varied color palette for your LiveryIf you love racing sports you will enjoy this game!"
76561198047239193,Recommended,415200,26558886,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Light Atrocity,"Warning!!! This game is addictive!!! I suffer from the games, just one more race I can see improvement, sindrome. And I love it!!! Starting out with no money a crappy car, who would have thought coming 4th last would be a rush. Then progressing watch my team bond and grow together, After 2 seasons we're finally 8th in the constructors. But seriously if you have a lazy $30 laying around this game is well and truly worth it."
,Recommended,415200,26977338,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,LivingTarget,"Deceptively deep.All it's individual systems are simple, but together they make a thoroughly engrossing game that can swallow evenings whole."
,Recommended,415200,27035649,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ikkyu,Now you can manage Steinmann Motorsport (which is not Mercedes at all) and send them to the bottom tier. The game also predicted that Rick De Graaf (which is not Max Verstappen at all) will move to Rezzato Corsa (which is not Ferarri at all) at 2021. 2021/10 would play again
76561197972350047,Recommended,415200,26627603,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Roonmastor,"I fought hard one race but only managed to finish 4th...and got promoted to my first podium after 3rd place got demoted by the stewarts for rule infringments. Does it get any more realistic that that?Great, addictive management game for any F1 fan. It's like Football Manager, but much more engaging. A few rough edges, and the race weekend feels more engaging, always having to manage something on either car or the weather, grip levels, tyre temps and deg. But the office based sections, whilst interesting, are very much flat in comparison. In a year or two this will hit the sweet spot but there is more than enough here to be worth every penny."
76561198083711529,Recommended,415200,26570598,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,nunoabreuvinagre,"Very good game, but with some improvements to do...I have run 4 races, and i have not seen a car crash...Official licenses , real sponser´s and real track circuit, are the conditions to put this game on my favorite PC Games...I have played Formula One From CRL in Spectrum, I have played Formula Masters in Commodore Amiga, and in PC I have played all the racing manager games... This one can be the best of all times in PC but it need some improvements...I am sorry about my English..."
,Recommended,415200,26556199,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,LoneMaverick,This is an absolutely brilliant Racing manager game! It is exactly the kind of thing I have been looking for. The game gets really in depth with car designs and staff management as well as actual race management during events. Really highly recommended for race fans!
76561198004860017,Recommended,415200,26627667,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,edvestre_7,"First off,  thank you guys for making such an awesome game. I've been waiting years for racing simulation since F1 manager and jeez I couldn't be happier to play something like this.When you guys came out with the app.. I was already like wow.. Okay someone s pulling the right ideas..This game is a world of its own. Dont compare to F1 and its reality but think of how they manage to create a whole new racing world.. With its own rules, team and tracks.. Brilliant.. It's like a whole new racing league , which im so impress with.Diff drivers have diff traits which makes the game so interesting season to season.. Thank God for liveries ( hopefully create a team will be on the board soon) so the car can look diff every season.First season with ZRT autosports and already won 2 races and 3rd in drivers championship. Bloddy awesome.THANK YOU!! I'M A VERY HAPPY GAMER. Can't wait for Mods and patches. Hell I'm already anticipating the second installment. Lol. Have fun being fast and furious peeps."
,Recommended,415200,28323818,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,mrtnel,Its Super !
76561198032115177,Recommended,415200,26528395,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,dunphy,"Great game for a first try on PC/Mac. Very intuitive UI, fast and stable.There 're a few things that can be changed there and there to make this game even more immersive and realistic. In the future it would be cool to have a light version for those who can't spent hours on it, and do a more in-depth, realistic, closer to real life F1 version.Anyway an absolute must have for F1 sim fans."
,Recommended,415200,27096638,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Shardik77,"Finally we have a successor to Grand Prix Manager! I'm really having a blast with Motorsport Manager and can't recommend it enough. The first patch addressed most of the major issues the game had on launch and I can't wait to see what else the devs and modders can add to the game in the future. If you like motorsports or management games this is a no-brainer, get it!"
,Recommended,415200,30032575,Posted: 19 February,all,Duddsey,The football manager or motorsport.....cracking game
76561198095141653,Recommended,415200,30013615,Posted: 18 February,all,Jūbei Yagyū,This game man while it has it's areas that it lacks in over all i really enjoy playing this game and i look forward to when the mods starts to get rolling.
,Recommended,415200,30026320,Posted: 18 February,all,Enthrone,"If you're a fan of open-wheel racing such as IndyCar or especially Formula 1, BUY THIS."
,Recommended,415200,28452299,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Mr Xus,"A mature well finished game, love the lack of a press this button to win style. the only mode is ""real life"" make the right call of go home empty handed. a simple mitake of using a little too much fuel and bam from 1st to 18th on thr last lap as you run low and out of fuel!"
76561198171944374,Recommended,415200,26512809,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,micharl18,even though I haven't played it fully just for a few seconds it looks it has potential to be like football manager and even though I don't watch alot of Motorsport I still like simulation games.
76561198034441033,Recommended,415200,26512399,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,pansy,It's Football Manager with GP cars.
76561198006780665,Recommended,415200,26522685,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,flyingferrarim,"Super Job by Playsport Games and SEGA.So basically you create your team principle where basically you run the team and dictate what direction of development the team should go throughout the season. You also control staffing, drivers and any Head Quarter upgrades. I would recomend starting up with an average team to learn. I chose the second worst team in Euro Championship and managing on a limited budget is a bit tricky in this game. Although, the nice thing about being a team principle, you can jump ship and go to another team in the current series or another. So your never stuck at one place.One minor thing I wish was in the game would be not having the abillity to generate a race strategy pre-race but still have the ability to go off script like in F1 2016. But that is minor and overall the game has a solid foundation with its first installment.The only negative I have atm... is the fact that the speed delta's between each of the selections that dictate how hard the drivers push on the track. Just seems a tad unrealistic. I have almost no pace when placing it conserving while the AI seems to have a little more than my guys/girls do. That is the only thing I have that could be optimised a bit more.Totally recomend it to anyone into racing... its a blast."
76561198014558454,Recommended,415200,26510948,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Glumbo,only had 4 h but the time i spent i can safely say its the best motorsport manager game out there (see what i did there ? :D )
76561198014055829,Recommended,415200,26512683,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,TheDoctor261987,"4HRs 2 races and the true feeling im actually in charge of an F1 team. The thought that has gone into the game is just brilliant.The last time I played a decent F1 manger game is when EA did one in 1999. I still play that to this very day, well, until this game came out.Im still as I said only 2 races in. still learning whats in store. I will Give a full in depth review as soon as Ive got a few more hours under my belt and go full hammer on ya. But so far im loving it. 10/10"
76561198087341363,Recommended,415200,26511407,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,jrt1998,I hope you guys try and improve optimisation for Intel gpu's
76561198055627558,Recommended,415200,26511020,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,123,"Fantastic game, well made."
76561197967401411,Recommended,415200,26511831,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Apollo Justice,Christian Horner Simulator 2017
,Recommended,415200,26580490,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,RiskyDevil,">Driver 1: Female, Driver 2: Male>During season Driver 2 gets married>Driver 1 is now attracted to Driver 2>Two races later Driver 2 gets a divorce>My drivers are now a couple>(+Morale)10/10 Great gameUpdate: They just broke up :("
,Recommended,415200,26604088,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,GameADayGamer,I think this game is great and well worth the price of admission. For a good look into the game please check my video here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vvFl-B2QWpc
76561198005379567,Recommended,415200,31309332,Posted: 22 April,all,vyrago,simply the best racing management sim on the market.
76561198002445033,Recommended,415200,27190791,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Skaiz,awesome game... just one more race!
,Recommended,415200,31724501,Posted: 13 May,all,snek,"swear to god.spanish drivers are so op.really fun & addictive game.if you love motorsports in general, i really recommend this one."
76561198011585825,Recommended,415200,28201650,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,CarlR,"The best racing team management game i've every played yet!!    This game has amazing depth, options and freedom compared to other Racing management games i've played (which is quite a few).  I highly recommend this game to those who enjoy these types of games!My only gripe with the game currently is how the cars drive around on the track and how they look doing it... i believe theres a fair amount of improvement that can be done here to make it feel more realistic and entertaining to watch...  Also, i think other Camera styles such as simulating TV Camera views and a Driver Cam/view would be great!"
,Recommended,415200,26567843,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Lou Takki,"After 11 hours of play:I was a huge fan of the mobile game Motorsport Manager, and if you're looking for something like that but with 20x more depth then you've come to the right place!Don't think this is a port of that game, it absolutely is not.As a huge F1 fan, this is the game I've been waiting for!"
,Recommended,415200,27146483,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,StBlaize,I hate F1; I love this game.
76561198005755324,Not Recommended,415200,33438591,Posted: 10 July,all,Mr. Tex,"The game needs some serious tweaking and re-balancing, it just doesn't factor-in all the variables it claims should really matter, like a driver's rating. There's a large number of other issues; the AI drivers not slowing down when blue-flagged, sudden and dramatic drops in realiability, pointless HQ buildings that have no significant effect on the gameplay, artifical rubberbanding that completely negates the player's efforts, a fuel system that poorly matches tyre wear,  etc. I think the developers took a whole bunch of short-cuts, the game just doesn't do what it claims: you are lead to think that you are a manager, but in the end it is a pre-programmed path that decides the outcome, not your actions."
76561198075326929,Not Recommended,415200,27910303,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Penguin Luna,"The game has some truely outstanding concepts but unfortunately it quickly becomes monotonous after a few races, the prospect of having to play the game like a real repetitive job simply puts me off playing it any further, not to mention the excruciating difficulty of overtaking and the the sickening amount of time lost while trying to overtake a lapped car.  Just don't get this game if u don't want a borefest like the real state of F1 racing."
,Not Recommended,415200,28268997,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Rawban,"In its current state the AI for traffic, overtake/defending, in and outlaps in qualification is breaking the complete control over your team and drivers. Usually during a race after lap 2 it works very good and racing for position and using strategy to get higher is really well. From start to lap2 however its a chaotic sludgefest of stalling and waiting for the AI to complete their moves which usually leave your car wating at the end of the action.The game is good but not complete, i suggest waiting to purchase the game in 2-3 months when the developers have refined the AI more so you can actually play qualification and be competative in beginning of races. They are hard-ish at work since they have tried a few balance patches already since release so unless x-mas gets in the way of development they could make major changes quicker than 2-3 months."
,Recommended,415200,31060870,Posted: 10 April,all,Jill van der Meer,"Highly addictive, challenging, and entertaining for hours and hours, Motorsport Manager is the type of game that makes you say ""one more turn"" or, as would be more appropriate for this game, ""one more race"".Feeling disappointed after having finished 14th in that race you vowed to win? Back to the drawing board, design a new engine, and win the next one instead. Feeling angry after your race was ruined by your rear wing giving up on you two laps before the chequered flag? Time to invest in those reliability improvements. Motorsport Manager has it all."
76561198263667846,Recommended,415200,31519785,Posted: 3 May,all,VibhavM,Great game if you love motorsport.
76561198050971909,Recommended,415200,31436517,Posted: 29 April,all,F4TheGold,"I love manager games, motorsports, not so much.. But im enjoying this game anyways. Its like football manager-light on asphalt."
76561198084624808,Recommended,415200,30728994,Posted: 25 March,all,mikeboytyson,"Epic The Best Motorsport team Manager game, great devs a day one buy now game"
,Recommended,415200,31112505,Posted: 13 April,all,Bad Moose,"I like this game because it actually focuses more on gaming entertainment than being a all-in management sim.It's not a nitty-gritty every single detail kind of management sim. It takes a slightly more relaxed stance and focuses more on fun and racing. You can manage your team and plan races quite successfully even with little racing know-how as long you have interest and curiosity alone. There's always *the next race* to improve the reliability of the suspension or your new gearbox will be done at your design center. Not to mention learn from a poor pit stop strategy - or if it was down to bad luck with weather... It's like the ""just one more turn"" feeling of the Civilization game and it's easy to have ""just one more race"" turn into three or four races.Wait as the red lights go off and watch your tiny pixel drivers race their heart out on the track. Curse the sudden rain your weather guys didn't anticipate and change your pit stop strategy on the fly. But most importantly, remember to break out the champagne when you get top of the podium. Podium champagne taste so much sweeter."
,Recommended,415200,31266120,Posted: 20 April,all,JH,"For fans of motorsport, or the sports management genre, this is a great entry. The workshop support allows for fans to recreate real-world teams and drivers, although the game's own 'fake' are surprisingly satisfying. The tracks are plentiful and varied. The contract negotiation side of things is a little simpler than more recent Football Manager entries, although for some (myself included), that might be for the better. The game runs well, and includes a nice 2D simulation option if you are running the game on a fairly low-end machine.Overall, Motorsport Manager is a great purchase, especially if it is on sale."
,Recommended,415200,29634129,Posted: 1 February,all,Big Ram,"Motorsport Manager isn't the most serious or complex management game out there, but it's still a good, fun game.  It's obvious they knew exactly what they wanted, and they delivered it.Perhaps a bit pricey at $34.99, but definitely worth picking up if you catch it on sale."
76561198075237279,Recommended,415200,31517845,Posted: 2 May,all,betheone1984,Awesome Game i am waiting for the next Go Kart DLC...
,Not Recommended,415200,33086207,Posted: 1 July,all,RAGERdare,"I've wanted this game for so long. I've read everything about it and was dying to play it but I wasn't keen on the £24 price tag. When it was on offer for £8 I bought it straight away. It was a good game at first but became increasingly repetetive. I didn't like that. It just seemed like there was only certain things to do and there wasn't much more.It's a great game don't get me wrong. However, it's just not for me."
76561197970918156,Recommended,415200,27123932,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,$n4tçh,"Nominated for the ""5 more minutes"" award!"
76561198071798499,Recommended,415200,29732269,Posted: 5 February,all,Scort,Hella nifty.
,Recommended,415200,26530213,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Antemeridian,"Have a few hours on the game so far, and glad I preordered as it's a blast and otherwise I would have been waiting for a sale.Worth the price of admission so far, runs great on my laptip (i5-6200u with HD 520 graphics).Just blew a solid lead because I didn't pay attention and doublestacked my pit stop... with the first car needing 45 seconds in repairs... Most fun I've had screwing something up in a long time.Update (more than 20 hours in)Still loving this game, and highly recommended.The complexity of balancing the various moving parts (staff, car and part development, the actual races), all of it is a blast. I find in the races I'm looking forward to developing my car to be better, and in the development phase, I'm looking forward to seeing how the race goes... and in a good way!If you like motorsports, definitely worth a shot."
76561198208254915,Recommended,415200,28106392,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,WhooopWhoooopWhooooop,Blue flags in this game are an absolute joke......Fix it!
76561198034509042,Recommended,415200,26591111,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Septer,I stopped playing F1 2016 and got snared by this great game. Fantastic year for F1 fans.
,Recommended,415200,26588978,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Kobra Kommander,Wow 30.1 Hours in a week. Wth is going on with me....
76561197963667147,Recommended,415200,26562174,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Idah,Great game but seems to be too easy. Really hope for some difficulty mode in the future (and workshop).
76561197979738697,Recommended,415200,26678527,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Z06freak,"Runs flawlessly on a 6 yr old system ( Win 7 Pro 64, AMD FX 8350 4 Ghz, 32 Gb ram, GTX 680 4 Gb) with no crashes, lockups, hiccups or any other kind of ups at max settings. Smooth 60+ fps, although turning off ambient occlusion & tilt shift makes the graphics much less blurry to my eyes.As for the game itself, it's the new standard in racing management games IMO. The depth is amazing allowing for different strategies depending on car & driver lvl. The driver interaction via radio comms in the race itself is immersive & a bit humorous at times, as they comment on their performance & car condition. Team management outside the race is top notch as well, with choices that have to be made concerning car & facility upgrades, as well as choosing sponsors.With unlimited seasons, driver & staff scouting, retirements, drivers team hopping, and the possibility of being fired for not achieving set goals, the playability & replayability is through the roof.There are negatives as always, with several bugs as documented in the forums, no mod support (yet), no ability to start a team from scratch, cannot change driver or team names (yet), but the devs pay attention to the forums and seem to be dedicated to fixing & supporting the gameFor me, the current price wasn't even an afterthought, as I've been waiting for a game like this since 1992, however YMMV and may want to wait for a sale and/or patches/mod support to be released. Overall, it's a 9 out of 10 for me and I couldn't be more pleased with it because 24 years is a REALLY long time to wait.Peace"
76561198098138277,Recommended,415200,26689247,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Chaos #Ginger,"Very good game, runs well on low preformace machines. Simple to understand and the career mode is very customisable. Best management game out."
76561198028735160,Recommended,415200,26712945,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Scotty Calner,"Now i do not usually write reviews, but this game warrants it....i admit this game wouldnt be every gamers cup of tea but if you like motorsport and management sims this is a good buy 5*"
76561198030787406,Recommended,415200,26720127,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,SomeBoredGuy,"I love this game!If you like ""Tycoon"" type games then this is a must!"
76561198002392438,Recommended,415200,26700011,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,toygunsenler,Really great sim.
76561198057687731,Recommended,415200,26700722,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Bengahehe,"Just Fantastic, have a bit long learning curve but is worth it.11/10 and i am not a race fan."
76561198088687412,Recommended,415200,26715563,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,jonnyfartpants,"This is difficult. I just have to write a quick review of Motorsport Manager. The difficulty is that I have to stop playing this addictive sim for five minutes. If you like F1 and motorsports this is absolutely brilliant, addictive and highly polished. Highly reccommended. Right back to the championship now."
76561197989626101,Recommended,415200,26721934,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Tuskan,Yes
76561198023598497,Recommended,415200,28336708,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,MourningStar,"What day is it?This game is one of the best open wheel team manager simulator on the market!I use to play TrackDay Manager... Use to. This game blows it out of the water.You start the game as the manager for one of any number of teams. You get to choose between starting from scratch with a green crew, car, and sponsors or you can choose a team with all the bells and whistles already in place!Manage every aspect of your team with the ability to design and build different components for your car. Hire the driver type you want. Hire the mechanics and designer you want. CUSTOMIZATION IS AMAZING in this game.Highly, HIGHLY addicting gameplay! I have racked up 51 hours and only owned the game a handful of days now. You want to race. You need to compete! You are compelled to continue to grow your empire as you build upon previous seasons.TL;DR:If you like racing sim managers, BUY THIS GAME! You will not regret it. It is a bit pricey, but worth every cent!Edit: 12-31-2016Now, after 92 hours of gameplay the ""Blue Flag"" bug has either been fixed or severely blown out of proportion. I have even moved up a league with the same company, ZRT, and have had nothing but fun! Upgrading your facilities to faster repair and improve your parts is amazing, so is the sponsorship aspect. Managing funds and a balance between drivers, tanking one driver to really have a number 1 with the best equipment, or just remaining mediocre and meeting the 9th or above quota... this game has a play style for everyone!"
76561197970693199,Recommended,415200,32170648,Posted: 4 June,all,mrpoppy,No more withdrawal symptoms on no F1 race weekends.
76561197971972173,Recommended,415200,32074174,Posted: 30 May,all,Xeno,Look! I'm too busy playing this to have the time to review it! All I can say is that I forking luv it! I don't even look at my other games any more. I'm sure I've got 300+ other games. Not sure anymore - I'm too busy playing this. :)
76561198007698602,Recommended,415200,30157811,Posted: 24 February,all,Person012345,"This is a fun little game. It's not super ultra realistic so if that's what you're looking for, look elsewhere, but it's pretty immersive if you aren't super focused on the real life workings of racing teams. It strikes a good balance between gameplay mechanics and simulation, not too arcadey but fun to play. It does what you'd expect, you hire drivers and mechanics, you design the cars (in terms of suppliers of parts, not visually) and parts, you manage sponsers and then you send them all off to race and win, managing the team tactics from above. Recommended."
,Recommended,415200,26544125,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,SmanUK,"This is probably the best motorsport manager game I have ever played. Graphic are nice with great models of the cars, Tracks are nice with each one being different from the last, Has a great development system with loads of little thigns you can do. It put you in the part of a F1 team keeping you on your toes all the time. Well worth the money."
,Recommended,415200,26544548,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Znake,"Is it the Football Manager of motorsports? No, once you get through a couple of seasons, you realize the depth simply isn't there.Is it a decent game? Definently, you can easily sink quite a few hours into it."
76561198030877520,Recommended,415200,26546913,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,RogueMonkey,"Like most things it's not perfect and there are a few things I would like to be different but this is a really good game, if you have spent any of the  last 20 years wishing for a racing managemnt game you don't need to wait any longer."
76561198007245699,Recommended,415200,34417582,Posted: 22 August,all,Burtonias,"This game has come a long way and the development has been fair and balanced with decent/free dlc.support on the workshop for mods makes a uge MASSIVE difference (highly recomend the ICE MOD)I wish there was multiplayer or at least co-op support, as lets face it facing off against your buddies in a tactical game of on track cat and mouse would be fantastic!"
76561197971692751,Recommended,415200,28656339,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Delle(DK),"Motorsport manager is very well designed.The game do not have all real life names of drivers or teams, but in my humble oppinion it dosent matter.I am the manager of an F1 team and desided to start in lowest level with worst team and I enjoy it thoughI after one season havent won a single race yet.. Ofcourse as manager that is my fault and not my drivers, and it dident help i put wrong tires on them in the rain so i had to go to pit again with two cars to fix my fault.. and it also dosent help they ran out of fuel on last lap when I had possition 1 and 2Well what I want to say is thought the race it self is kind of basic and you more or less during the race only can change tires and change your fuel and tactics then the gams race is actual kind of fun.. You see thel ittle cars battle it out and win or loose the fight. And yes you even see them break down or crash, it is really ""fun"" with such events.Before every race you get the option to test drive/quality.. during this qualification you can adjust gearbox/spring and handling of the car, and depending on how the drivers feel about it during test driving then you can tweak it to your liking.. Do no worry it is not so difficult as in real life but work in a more simple and initiatuative nice way that is fun with smiley rating. You aslo sometimes get some bonuses during this testing such as 5% better tires or so.As the manager you also control everything from buying or upgrading buildings. And you also can build new parts for your f1 racer, and improve excisting ones so they become much more reliable.On top of this you also have to manage your economy with sponsor deals where you before every race have to select only deal.. well you belive you do better than top 10, top 5, or maybe top 2 ?  well if you choose the correct sponsor deal before the race and you complete the goal then you get extra money.. If you fail your goal you get less sponsor money.You also just like in a good manager game, can scout new crew or drivers and they all have different stats. And just like in real life they do from time to time develop different skills or have accidents that make them worse.You have to negosiate contracts and hire/fire.Once the season end you have to choose next seasons fuel provider, and spare parts provider ect ect. this is pretty cool and you have 3 different contracts to choose from in different categorys all with different outcoms good and bad.Also at end of season your mechanics present you with next seasons car. Then you again have to improve it and so on, to compete with the others. Actual you even have good statistics that show you how example your gearbox compare to other teams so it is more easy to find out what you should try to improve.Well all in all I like this game, it is pretty cool and very well done.If you like manager games and f1 then give it a try.PS. you can get fired, or even try to apply as manager for another team so though you select a bad team then you can advance to another team IF they want you"
,Recommended,415200,31065550,Posted: 10 April,all,★MrDragon★,"So where i start this  game is a lot of fun a chill game sometimes it can be very frustrating when you lose a championship with 10 points.... anyway there are many positive likeCreate your teamGt seriesDifferent drivers a lot Female driversBut... there are some problemsA.I Drivers don't care♥♥♥♥♥♥about tire heatingA.i drivers pit stop takes 5 second to 50-secondsCar stacking in corners too few driving lines in cornersCar crashes are not based on lucl it is everytime choosen before race by the game me no likeyOther than that the game is a lor of fun and chill game but not with a friend who is not patient enough XD 9,5/10"
,Recommended,415200,26544949,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,dubliz,"Great racing team manager game! Finally!!!Pros:+ Very addictive gameplay!!!+ Slick presentation (UI is easy to use and well presented; graphics of races, cars and hq are really solid)+ Huge variety of different rules that apply to different championships (in lowest tier there is no qualification and starting grid is determined by championship order - it is reversed, in upper tiers you get normal qualification - short or long; all 3 championships have different points system; various pit stop options per championship - refuelling or no refuelling, full crew or smaller crew, etc. )+ Dynamic gameplay/replayability (all rules of championship may change and you get to vote on them; winning lower tier team can replace losing team in higher tier championship; team personnel changes - after my 1st season AI teams swapped drivers quite a lot; all personnel ages, etc.)+ Races can be really dynamic (weather changes, crashes, safety car and so on) and it is fun to try benefit from all those changes+ Loads of information is provided for player which gives immersion (media always comments everything, you can check progress of other championships, all teams and their personnel, etc.)Cons:- Racing engine could be improved a little (blue flags are often ignored by AI for example)- It would be nice to be able to create your own team; edit stats, names, looks of other teams and drivers- Some minor annoynaces with UI which will probably be updated soon (results table after race scrolls down automatically for example)Overall - amazing effort!!! I haven't tried their mobile game, but everyone was concerned that it will be a port with minor additions. It's not the case with this game. It is a very solid PC game and probably the best racing team manager game ever. Well done, Playsport Games!"
76561198050047572,Recommended,415200,28425188,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,howsnich10,"A very good game, and what's more it's improving every patch. Steam Workshop's arrival in Feb 2017 will allow for custom teams, and from there sky's the limit!"
,Recommended,415200,28692346,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Clawd,"Played around 20 hours so far. This is everything a person should hope for when wanting to play a racing manager game. I've been waiting for a game like this for a long time. Constant patches are great.They have a simple menu option, tons of parts research options, Lots of HQ buildings to build, Good amounts of Teams,Great track selections. I Love the voting rules system for next season. Makes every season different!MINOR DETAILS THAT I WOULD LIKE TO SEE IN THE FUTUREWindowed fullscreen mode. (I have multiple monitors so everytime i need to do something outside the game it'll minimize it. Unless I play it windowed mode that I find it a bit annoying).Cannot rezise UI during race.Build your own Team from scratch."
,Recommended,415200,28746394,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Shiro,"Unfortunately, that game is addicting."
76561197976327138,Recommended,415200,29919063,Posted: 14 February,all,becephalus,"This is hands down the most enjoyable sports management game I have played.  I am not even that into racing personally, but this game strikes the perfect balance fo being detailed and complicated, without being needlessly complex/tedious.  The races take just long enough that each one is compelling and exciting without get broing, and he art and sound design are very very soid for a management game.  There ae a few minor easy of use/UI things that could be slightly improved (say more setting on when he calendar poauses or does not, or a way to set up automatic scouting without manual targetting), but these are minor defects that take down from an ""A+"" to an ""A"", nothing more.There are a wide variety o different tracks, and drivers, as well as a good balance to the progression of a campaign.  The pacing of various actions (race, prep for next race, practice, qualify, race) is incredibly addicting and well done, and this game gives me that ""one more turn"" feeling on the same level as things like Civ2.I buy/play a lot of somputer games, and the lack of a truly great one in the sports managment genre for a long time has been a gaping hole in my collection.  So many are either overly byzantine and really designed for the true fanatic, or simply too easy/casual.ANyway this is definitely my game of the year, or perhaps several years, in this genre."
,Not Recommended,415200,30227336,Posted: 27 February,all,⎛⎝ itsZdan ⎠⎞,"Cant recomend the game. As of last patch/DLC the game crashes of randomly loading into tracks or out from tracks.Contacted devs with the crash files and all the necessary info, not even an email back saying they will look into it.a shame, great potential"
76561198021701955,Recommended,415200,28809658,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,GSValhalla,"What a game Mototsport Manager is! I've only played with the lowest racing group tier so far and its been such an enjoyable experience.The basic idea of the game is to climb through the ranks with whatever team you decide to join and climb to the top of the fantasy racing mountain. The game has 3 different racing groups each with their own set of rules, with 10 teams in each group. As you go through the seasons you'll find yourself having to upgrade your cars, your HQ, drivers, sponsorships, strategy etc, to make the best out of your team. However, during each season new rules are voted upon by each season which will affect the next season (as I've only played in the bottom group I can only say their get to vote 4 times per season, other groups may vary). But its not as simple as it may appear. As each vote comes you can decide to be for, against or decide not to vote at all, and since each team gets a vote they'll be wanting to try and get the rules in their favour. If you decide not to vote, it gets carried over to the next vote effectively giving you 2 votes instead of 1. So it can become a mini game where you'll have think whether or not the rule change is or is not worth voting for, as well as would your vote make the difference and if not you can save it for the next vote. I will also note that in the event of a tie vote, the npc of the governing body will then cast an 11th vote to break the tie.As well as all that when winning the constructors championship, you get to decide whether you should ""promote"" to the next series or not. Of course its risk vs reward and whether you should promote is up to you to decide.However, despite this there a couple of negative things I want to add. At the HQ, building new buildings (as well as upgrades) seem really expensive, so teams who struggle with income will find it harder to improve in the long run. The pre-season improvement option e-mails that come with the extra cost, seem to be the same each pre-season. When a driver ""crashes"", just looks like their driven off the track when it doesn't involve another car. Blue flagged cars sometimes get in the way which can cost you a position when you're racing against another car. Limited colour options for car liveries. Sometimes drivers waste a bit of time behind the safety car instead of going straight pass so it can pick up the 1st place car. The safety car only last 2 laps, so sometimes your drivers won't be able to reach the back of the Safety car line leaving them at a disadvantage.But overall, the game is worth its price and I would recommend it to other people."
,Recommended,415200,30784804,Posted: 27 March,all,[DOLN] XShortestStrawX,"This game is hands down the best sports management game I have ever played. The user interface is fantastic. The setup adjustments are incredibly intuitive and not overly-complicated. Having a good pit and race strategy actually benefits you during the simulation. The simulation is LIVE with full 3D graphics, unlike other sports management games where there are minimal to no graphic interperetations of the action. The off-track management inlcudes investing in and creating new parts for your car, upgrading and improving reliability for said parts, driver and staff management (contract negotiations/driver morale), scouting, investing in HQ upgrades that can improve everything listed above, sponsorships and more.I would highly recommend this game to any motorsports fan for its amazing attention to little details. Bad performances are frustrating and good performances are very rewarding. It is a challenging game in the best possibly way, especially if you start from scratch with a fresh team. So if what I described is something you think you're interested in, don't even hesitate. It's well worth the full price and even more worth the sale prices."
,Recommended,415200,28669041,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Chon9,"Well. it gives you everything, the upgrades, the rumors, the graphics, the management and most important the control over the races, please buy this game."
76561198010295227,Recommended,415200,26523506,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,arthureloi,"Excellent management game. Like football manager, you're the boss here. You control all the bureaucratic details and watch your heroes race. Very nice for f1 lovers and for those who want to get into it. Kudos for the excellent tutorials which guide you through all the steps so you get race worthy in no time.Really great!"
76561198002246149,Recommended,415200,28097809,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,ramjbjb,"Splendid core, some need for improvements. all around very recomendable, but be mindful there will be some annoyances here and there that, hopefully, will see improvement with future patches.Motorsport Manager is a game that gives you the command of a racing team and lets you manage every aspect from it, from the design of new parts to the improvements of your HQ. And of course, it gives you the helm at the time of calling the proper strategies as the race unfolds.Without being overly complex (probably this could do with a little bit more hardcore version for motorsport fanatics), it has a lot of aspects to it that you need to properly manage to meet success.  Even while it could be a tad more in-depth, it's a great racing manager. very fun, quite addictive, and one of those games where you'll go ""ok, one more race and that'll be it for now"", yet find yourself still playing hours later.On the not-so-positive side, the AI needs a bit of work here and there. AI drivers need some tweaks because it's rare the race you finish without witnessing 3-4 of them crawling to the finish line without fuel, there are some issues with lapped drivers (the infamous blue flag problem XD), and specially it's a bit annoying how the AI is sometimes seemingly unable to deal with slower traffic, which makes things as qualifications a bit of an infuriating thing at times (when your driver on a flying lap just slows down behind another who's just driving around slowly making his way back into the pits). And in general if you know what you're doing, it can be even easy at times (probably a better balance between driver quality vs car quality wouldn't hurt at all).The game is obviously not perfect, but the problems it has are relatively minor and I'm sure will be solved or improved by future patches. In the meantime what's left is an awesome game that, if you like racing, you'll enjoy a lot.Highly reccomended."
,Recommended,415200,28664128,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Glen Fletcher,"A genuine spiritual successor to GPM 2.By that, I mean I finish last in every race, can't get any decent sponsors, and I'm still having a ton of fun)Great simulation/management game, even if you're not a huge fan of F1.If you're a fan of F1 *and* this type of game, it is a must buy."
,Recommended,415200,28706346,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,craiga,"Best motor racing management simulation released in many years. Great fun, and a real challenge. Taking a back marker team and getting your first 'non last' place finish feels like a podium victory. I've played for ~20 hours and have already had my monies worth - and there is a LOT more time to be spent here as I've only just finished my first season in the lowest racing series.Recommended if you liked the motorsport management sims of old (such as Grand Prix Manager 2 by Microprose)"
76561198047333364,Recommended,415200,30633879,Posted: 20 March,all,Chris,Unfortionately they dont have the F1 licence but you can get some mods if you're really in need for it looking like F1 but after a while you get used to playing without it. It is a really good game and now they have ironed out the A.I ruining your race when lapping them it is really fun and is what you'd expect from a manager game. The only gripes i have really is that you can't design and build more than 1 type of item at a time unless you have an engineer with a special trait once you've researched your way to epic and your parts on a new car at the start of the season are far too fragile which can become annoying when you're leading a race and you have to come in for a 30 second pit stop to repair your car.Overall though a very solid game although i still prefered EA's F1 manager back from 1999 but never the less a solid F1 manager.
,Recommended,415200,29955557,Posted: 15 February,all,Nick Crompton,"I've played the mobile app a lot, so once this game popped up for sale, I grabbed it right away. Anyway, after playing it for 4 hours, I can safely say that this game is worth buying.Pros-Lots of management options-Driver traits and personalities-Graphics-Tutorial (Recommended for anyone who plays this game for first time)-In race driver feedback on setupsCons-Practice session is too short-Seems to be a number of graphical glitches on the interfaces here and there (nothing game breaking)It has only been 4 hours with the game, so not all pros and cons have been explored, will add more as I keep playing it."
76561198026492892,Not Recommended,415200,31201318,Posted: 17 April,all,paalia,"Currently I won't recommend the game at this price point, I think it lacks replay value to justify it.Good:- Intuitive UI- Decent depth- Good learning curve, challenging but not frustrating- Excellent tutorial, tool tipsBad:- Poor replay value- Too much micro, especially in race and race setup gets frustrating and boring real quick- Lack of race data and data driven decision making- Hiring staff, just doesn't work, makes no sense and is tedious."
76561198008331656,Recommended,415200,30300457,Posted: 3 March,all,GeekWithAKnife,"Unexpectedly good!Full disclosure I'm in my thirties, been a gamer from an early age to give you perspective.The Good1. It's very easy to pick up, shallow learning curve.2. Some nice car customization options for (shallow) player choice3. Good variability for race events and track challenges.4. The possibility of scouting and finding the right staff can really enhance gameplay.5. Generally the game looks nice and is enjoyable.The Bad1. Insufficient depth for long term gaming for an adult.2. Repetitive non-engaging ""messages""3. Most interview questions and scenerios have no positive outcome, only negative or neutral.The UglySo much untapped potential in the game. I'm sure the devs know that too.Some ideas:1. Choosing season rules to start with2. Choosing fuel amounts3. Driver injury, long term, short term, recovery times.4. Sponsorship structure needs a rethink.5. Interactive specific training for drivers. (ideally for everyone)6. We have a test track? - let's use it!7. Telemetry data? would be nice to see something telemetry looking like with some options to improve/invest/fix8. Press events! - you know when all the drivers get to sit, pretend they like it and talk to the media...9. Fake news. Not just email but some paper headlines or something. (Pretty cheap to create)10. Driver seat mode! - can we get some watered down driver seat 3D view? (maybe for MM2?)11. Multiplayer!!! - (definitely MM2 territory)12. Track danger level (some tracks can be much more dangerous than others)13. Repair bill! - some drivers are awesome but they have no smoothness and they destroy engines. Worse, sometimes the car crashes and is totalled. Taht costs.14. Recoverability. Sometimes a driver runs wide or into the gravel and can still recover!I could probably extend this to 50 so I'll stop here.Verdict:Should you get this game? - yes."
76561197996900376,Recommended,415200,30466465,Posted: 12 March,all,adamf,Love it! So addictive!
76561198079079047,Recommended,415200,30481998,Posted: 12 March,all,rick_d,"Entertained me very well for 50+ hours directly after purchase. Very, VERY addicting!"
,Recommended,415200,29930674,Posted: 14 February,all,psychoneuroendocrinological,Nina Holtz can't drive for♥♥♥♥♥
76561197987152970,Not Recommended,415200,34485979,Posted: 25 August,all,Conga-Line Bob,"I DO NOT recommend this game! Why? Because there isn't any real progression in this game. All of your progress in developing technology is RESET whenever you step up to better competition. In the game there are several circuits in which you can compete. If you start at the bottom circuit and progress to the next tier then you lose all of the effort in designing a better car as the game resets you to a base value. This is supposed to be a management game. You have very few important decisions outside of the critical tech decisions. So the game takes all of your careful decisions that you made about which techs to focus on and throws them down the drain. There is no progression ouside of hiring drivers/mechanics/designers/buildings, as nothing else carries over.That's the core of this game. Developing your technology so you can be more competitive is what it's all about. Then the game resets that technology? Kills immersion and the sense of building something from the ground up. For that reason I feel that this game is poor. It's like having an RPG game without a story. Or having a strategy game without competent AI. This is a very poor 'management' game because there is little to manage.If they were to add some kind of persistent development for your team it would help me to enjoy it. Either in the form of deeper building options and the ability to interact with our buildings OR a technology tree where my team is working on design theories that could eventually be applied to the parts I build in the circuits."
76561198021732209,Not Recommended,415200,26741641,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Ray (Syntax Error),"i started off with a mid-range team (windsor)seems half finish...  the management is not advanced enough. racing sim is not any good either. even all traffic adds 2-5 secs on laptimes, even blue flag oponents during race adds heaps of time.   cars dont have a great racing line... when a car in front breaks early so do you instead of overtaking.. seems to be little logic in ths race sim...Gets boring pretty fast and money is scarse... development take too long and parts gets banned too often...pretty far off real F1.... i played 1 season then diddnt bother anymore.after playing football manager (also from Sega, and pretty similar) i expected lots more...the most correct thing is the low price on the game....score 4,5/10"
76561198083539682,Not Recommended,415200,33693409,Posted: 21 July,all,yogihightower,"This is an enjoyable game but it has its flaws. It does not have much depth to it. I would imagine anyone who wants to play a managment sim game wants a lot of depth to the game they are playing, this feels a bit arcade like. Take football manager for an example, that game fully immerses you in to everything. This does not. The design of upgrades to the car is terrible the modiers on drivers and staff are terrible and the building upgrades need to be imprroved. If they bought the licence to fully implement single seater real life teams and sponses with more drivers and staff and realistic stats that can be improved it would be well worth the full asking price maybe even a bit more. Managing a racing team would be very intricate and it seems like motor sport manager has over simplified everything. There is a gap in the market for games like this and if another developer went down the football manager route it would beat this game easily. Thats my opinion. At the full asking price i cant recommend this game. Wait for a sale to buy."
,Recommended,415200,30373232,Posted: 7 March,all,TORI,"""Censored by FIA"""
,Recommended,415200,26611017,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Valleygoat,"Very good game! Overall, I'd rate it 8/10.Positives:The game is addicting, and absoultely very fun. I absolutely enjoy it very much. There isn't much to say other than ""it's just a really fun game, with very interesting dynamics"".Cons:The bugs. There are several bugs, that really...bug me.1. If the 1st place car laps any other cars, when he finishes the race, everyone else does too when they cross the checkered line. Anybody he laps doesn't do their ""extra lap"" after he finishes. They finish right after. For instance, if the 1st place car laps the 20th place car, but not the 19th place car, when the 1st place crosses the finish line, the 20th should have to cross the finish line then do 1 more lap, right? No, the 20th place car crosses the finish line and comes in 20th place, while the 19th place car has to keep on going for the rest of his lap, which ends up meaning the 20th place car finishes the race before the 19th place, but finishes behind #19 in the standings. Basically once the 1st place car crosses the line, the race is over for everyone else when they cross the line as well, and they finish in whatever place they currently were. This takes away from those ""last lap"" battles. It actually happened to me, where the 1st place car lapped me and I was in 6th place, ready to overtake 5th place. He crossed the finish line and we still had 1.5 laps to go...and I easily would have gotten 5th or even 4th place if I had all 1.5 laps to use. But my race ended after 0.5 laps, and I got stuck with 6th place. Very annoying.More bugs. The financials/bonuses seem to be very wonky. I toggled between a 1mil bonus, and a 1.8 mil bonus, and it would show I'd make MORE money with the 1mil bonus{LINK REMOVED}selected...what?!?!My last con, is the seasons. Every season, you start with a brand new car (you buy this car with money saved from the previous year/season).  And every season, you start right back at square 1 with a new car and no upgrades, with the ability to only build the ♥♥♥♥♥iest upgrades on your parts, and everything is ♥♥♥♥ing broken, and low durability, and it really takes the fun out of the first few races of the season. All the hard work I put in last season? Gone. Upgrades are tiered. Once you build tier 1 upgrade, then you can build tier 2. Then you can build tier 3. And by the end of the season, you have a monster car with tier 2-4 upgrades, and all your hard work, and then next season...you have to build tier 1 upgrades again. Very frustrating to me I think. It's basically starting a ""new game"" every season in terms of your car. Your drivers and staff all retain their improvements though, so that's alright.I know I gripped a LOT more than I praised the game, which is weird because I gave it 8/10...but those are literally the only things wrong with the game I truly believe. other than those couple of issues, this game is phenomenal. And those couple of issues (bugs + new car every seasons wtf;oaisjhdf;oaisdjf;aosdfj), are the reason I didn't rate it a 9 or 9.5/10.Buy the damn game!"
,Not Recommended,415200,34502788,Posted: 26 August,all,[NAR] Master Baiter,"This game is great... when it works!I've logged 14 hours at the time of this review.9 hours were played in one session when the game was working.The other 5 hours were spent attempting to play the game but it ended up crashing after or during a race or sometimes even in the main menu.At least, it no longer crashes my whole computer but it's still unplayable."
,Not Recommended,415200,28052854,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,lefthandman123,"Great in principle but currently unplayable due to the HUGE number of bugs and issues. This should have been released as an alpha or tested more. This game is not ready for release. Patch 1.1 changes very little. There need to be some SERIOUS updates and fixes before i can come back to this. DO NOT BUY unless you want to be infuriated and have your time wasted with a broken game. Please see the community forums for the overwhelming list of issues. I've been a fan of MM on mobile for ages and was so excited for this game. I am annoyed the dev's let us down so badly by making us pay £25 for it in this current state. Fix it, then sell it."
,Not Recommended,415200,33082166,Posted: 1 July,all,Jonzu95,"I bought the game because it looked interesting and fun. Sadly, after 6 hours of playing I came to realization that the game is decent, but it lacks content. I was expecting that there would be a lot of customization possibilities, tracks, drivers and content in general. I was also hoping that you could edit the drivers and teams yourself rather easily, but instead that requires modding outside the game which requires too much effort that it's not worth it.What also bothers me is that half of the drivers are females. In real-life there are some female drivers but there are no huge amounts of them, which makes the game unrealistic.SEGA, I was hoping for more. I'll give it 2.5 on a scale of 1-5."
,Recommended,415200,34285726,Posted: 16 August,all,Trofast,Hands down one of the best simulation-games I've ever played. (And I've played Sims.)You're into sims and F1 you're going to love this.Has its flaws. But I have faith in devs.4.5/5!
,Recommended,415200,26595534,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,~CaNdLeBoX~,This game is really fun so far. But damn the typos are crazy and are all over this game. It's called google if you can't spell a word correct.
76561198010324604,Recommended,415200,26577764,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,saxoross,By far the best racing management game since Grand Prix World.
,Recommended,415200,29569362,Posted: 29 January,all,wiggie01,absoloutly loving this game always been looking for a game like this.would recommend this to everyone!!!!!
,Recommended,415200,34469278,Posted: 24 August,all,[Lo'DuKe],"Overall quite fun, a good amount of detail, but I find that sometimes decisions you make seem to have little effect on the driver/result - hard to determine how much of a race result is ""random"" and how much is due to parts/reliability/tyre wear/etc. I am enjoying it though, and intend on continuing playing."
76561197993104558,Recommended,415200,26589931,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,-=GastroBoy=-,Best motorsport management game on PC since F1 manager.
76561198005576643,Recommended,415200,34277393,Posted: 16 August,all,NecroPolo,"This game to old race managers like GP Manager 2 (that nailed this the best in my opinion, and that was in 1996) is like the new X-COM to UFO games: modern fast flow, less depth.This is not a bad or good thing, this is just a thing. Older games included much more depth and more choices that also means more complexity, harder in a way. I completely understand how extremely difficult is to balance out such a game now'days. A game that puts the emphasis on the core and depth like gpro (http://www.gpro.net/hu/gpro.asp) may be too much for most players. A game with a wider audience in the mind needs to have some trade-offs to reduce the possibility of the player being lost too much in details.Considering all of that and the gameplay, I think Motorsport Manager is the best balanced race manager game out there. It has a pretty well-thought game concept with many layers, well balanced game mechanics and enough yet not too much depth to satisfy most players.Does it beat GP Manager 2? As for fluency and clear interface, it does by miles. Still, under the 1996 low resolution surface, in the very deep core, GP Manager 2 built a better balanced, more hardcore race car.Does that matter? Not at all.A 300BHP 2017 WRC rally car is not necessarily a worse race car than a 500BHP group B rally car - just different. They were created in different era, with different goals in mind and different technology, different attitude. WRC is just more for today.By that mean, Motorsport Manager is an awesome new design to be raced. I absolutely enjoyed it."
,Recommended,415200,33700526,Posted: 21 July,all,mrkokott,Amazing game. was looking for a good racing manager for a long time. 10/10
76561198013211389,Recommended,415200,26536228,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,NGC4415,Warning !!! very adictive
,Not Recommended,415200,28324379,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Stravy,They Patched it over a week ago ruined the game and havent fixed it. Blueflags destroy everything good about the game.
,Recommended,415200,29611326,Posted: 31 January,all,eNc | Freddie,"If only there was workshop support, oh wait..."
,Recommended,415200,32367263,Posted: 12 June,all,Wormass.DK,I swear this is the best manager game i have ever played it is really fun if you understand how cars work fx formula 1 cars and le mans cars then it is fun but the price is a bit high
76561198089403993,Recommended,415200,28722342,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Hobbitsfeet,"Fantastic!Love the new top-down update, I can now play at above 15fps running on a crappy laptop"
,Recommended,415200,28739237,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,♠Cpt. Jack Sparrow♠,I have played this for 34 hours in ~3 days. So yeah... it is definitly worth a buy. And I thought I was addicted to Football Manager...#ThanksSega!
,Recommended,415200,28749725,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Venomous Spyro,If you love Formula 1 but too Lazy to play Racing Games. This is the Game for You
76561197968367522,Recommended,415200,28758066,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,chrishardy6,Highly recommended if you like management games and Motorsport.Everything in games seems to have been done really well.I like this game slot.
76561198007426082,Recommended,415200,28841782,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,schwhatever,Brings a great new twist to sports management games.
,Recommended,415200,30336798,Posted: 5 March,all,RonnieDaBear,I am completely enthralled with this game.  50 kours in and I cannot walk away.
,Recommended,415200,30646858,Posted: 20 March,all,COW,Love it! Just enough complexity and flexiblity for gamers who love F1 without being overly complicated.
,Recommended,415200,30682875,Posted: 23 March,all,Helping Hoof,"Motorsport Manager came out of left field for me, but is challenging and definitely worth the low, low cost that sets it aside from branded AAA titles. And it's on Linux to boot, yay!Manage a Formula 1 team and deal with obnoxious journalists, incompetent mechanics, and drivers with a diva-complex, all the while juggling investment opportunities and trying to get the right sponsors for your team to gain more money.The matches are engaging and you definitely need to keep your wits about you, as pitting at the wrong time can ruin your position in the charts for the remainder of the race.With the GT Series DLC there's a wholly new monster to tackle, with new ways to win (or lose) while you manage the (barely) road-legal cars in a harsh competition. If you think you did well in F1 management, GT will kick your ego down a notch.Here's hoping for more ways to utilize the HQ in-between races, maybe a MotoGP addition as future DLC? (Hey, the game's called Motorsport Manager. I'm interested in seeing how far the developers will take it.)Now if you'll excuse me, I have some races to lose."
76561198007253071,Recommended,415200,28840068,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Forpster,Would love more depth but very enjoyable
76561198004167126,Recommended,415200,29938433,Posted: 15 February,all,TheCardGame,Its pretty good. Reminds me of the oldschool GPM series.
,Recommended,415200,30367653,Posted: 6 March,all,eh? I'm in a slumppp ;_;,An extremly addicting game that will leave you playing for hours!Click here to find out more
76561198043768526,Recommended,415200,30534531,Posted: 15 March,all,SamwelldoneFM,"I love this game, Its highly addictive"
,Recommended,415200,30381765,Posted: 7 March,all,WHyPHy777,"Even though the game is pretty repetitive, it is still an amazing experience.Tip: Start with a slower car. That is the best experience. Or even, start with the worst car in the lowest season. See the growth. You will be amazed with yourself.A con would be the pitstops. The risk factor is really crazy, and the time added is like 8-10 seconds. The tires are also something that needs fixing. They write 11-13, 10-12, 9-11, but it really isn't. Decrease one/two laps from the range and that will be more realistic. The harder compunds are even worse. 20-22 lap tires will be finished by 17-18 laps.So, purchase on a discount. You will be amazed. Buy it on normal price, doesn't seem worth it."
76561198024361977,Recommended,415200,26577769,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Vurdmeister,Pretty sure I'm in the comp with Pastor Maldonado. Losing too many front wings to be anything else.
76561197989417187,Recommended,415200,26629852,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,BISS,Great game!But i just alttabed to write review and say ! PLEASE MAKE INSTANT INFORMATION WHEN YOU PIT IN PRACTICE RUN !I hate waiting every time to see information from my driver after he goes to pit.
76561198024391681,Recommended,415200,26549590,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,dragonpumpkin,"If you remember Grand Prix Manager and Grand Manager 2 and have been waiting years for something to come close, you can stop waiting and buy this. I played the mobile version to death and was hesitant to buy this thinking I'd just get a slightly improved version. But I was wrong, this is full PC game and is worth every penny. Anyone who has played the aforementioned games will find themselves on very familiar ground and won't struggle to get to grips with the interface and working themselves the way around the world. The gameplay is....Sorry, want to go to play. Just buy it and stop talking to me, I'm busy"
76561197961450281,Recommended,415200,26565284,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Mayhew,I love it!  I've not completed my first season yet but I  am very close to the end. I decided to go to the lowest series  and one of the worst teams for a challenge and it certainly seems to be! Very impressed with this game.Every oppertunity I get to play I do.Well worth the money and i'd recommend it  to anyone.
76561198037011867,Recommended,415200,26583201,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Vertigo PT,"28 hours on my first weekend playing this game, how about that? Best Formula one manager I have ever played and it can still improve.Graphics - Very polished, beautiful art design.Playability - Its deep without being complicated, all changes you make to the car have an effect. Of course if you not a motorsport fan things like understeer or gear ratio might be a bit too much I guess.Sound - Space for improvment, but does well to reproduce the environmment during the races.Replayability - 28 hours on my first serious playthroug, still many seasons to go (picked a weak team trying to bring them to glory)Overal - 9/10 This little gem came out of nowhere to my favorites of 2016."
76561198310805048,Recommended,415200,26592810,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,bpjy1988,I played mobile version before not that great but PC version really cought my eye. I like it alot. Thumbs up(7 hours into the game i'm yet to win a race with only 1 podium - Too Bad).
76561198182024227,Recommended,415200,26565299,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,jbrasseye1,"My first Manager game of any discription, and what can i say other than it exceeds my expectations. I know im new to this king of gaming style so my judgement may not be the best, but just take a look at the other reviews posted.One word of warning, it will consume a lot of your time as it just seems to keep drawing you in as you want too improve.Great game !"
,Recommended,415200,26590645,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,ACR n0body_,"A very good game with lots of polish that i would reccomend to anyone that is a motorsport fan. However, there are a few bugs that making multi season career modes/challenges with the same team a problem. Wait for a patch (if it comes) and then buy. Solid 6-7/10 atm."
,Recommended,415200,26547885,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,JCauser222,"Played the game for just over 8Hours (this review might change deeper into the game)I jumped in and found this game to be an grate gap in the market as the only real compettitor i can find on steam is trackday manager, this game is 100 times better than its only rival and that comes from the grate depth this game seems to provide, it almost like football manager from when that was good for fans of motorsport, well more specificaly Formular motor sport which isnt nesasraly a negitive but is an are where a future patch or dlc could add some replay ability. as it would nice to have a wider range of diffrent sort of racing to jump into.but with that one only stight negitive out the way all the game has to offer is positive after positve. as i previosly mentioned this game has grate managent depth and by that I mean you make all the key decitions that a team princable would have to make in the real world. this is everything from staffs wages, pit stops to team bases expantion offering, and this offers grate emution into the world of motorsport manager as im 8 hours in and I have only just finished my first season in the europ racing series and all i want to do is play more and more of this amazing game.Along side its depth and solid gameplay it also has some of the nices graphics i have seen from a managment sim and this real lets other games in this area down in my opinion as its all well and good having that depths, the challanging game play and strategy it needs to offer visuals that are nice to look and at and in some ways make there reward of a perfect race weekend seem more rewarding that ugly graphics with good maths. what im trying to say is this game draws you in with the visuals and offers some of the most depth i have seen in a managment game in a few years now.10/10 - Must Play Game."
,Recommended,415200,26746997,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Modigy,"Great game, I'm surprised it's taken so long for something like this to be released. If you like Football Manager style games and love F1 then you will certainly enjoy this.  It is challenging but I have been playing as two teams sat at the bottom (I like the underdog journey) but I'm enjoying seeing my drivers, team and HQ develop.You manage:Drivers (scout, hire, fire, negotiate contracts)Staff (race engineers and designers)HQ (wind tunnels, factory etc)SponsorshipsCar upgrades (performance and reliability are the main stats)You start with Practice and fine tune the car setup based on feedback from the driver.  Then you go into qualifying, again giving another opportunity to setup the car.  Then it is race time where you manage the tyres (ultra softs right through to wet), engine modes, fuel consumption, pit stops, even overtaking to an extent.  The race reminds me a little like the B-Spec races you get in Gran Turismo.Cons:- No official rights mean it has a Pro Evo feel to it rather than FIFA.- There are some annoying little things they have missed like knowing who you are speaking to when negotiating a contract - there are no labels to say it is an Engineer or Designer or Driver you are talking to while in their screen (it's easy to lose track when you are scouting a lot).  I've noticed other little annoyances like that throughout which I hope they solve.- There is also little in the way of tutorial information about what to do.  In the end of season/pre-season gap I frantically started spending a lot of money upgrading parts on my car only to find it was a waste of money.  There was no warning or 'advisor' popping up to say ""We don't need to updgrade our car until the season starts as there will be spec changes"" or anything like that.- The major issue is that there is a cloud sync problem - I sunk 20+ hours into the game while commuting with my MacBook Pro, then started another season on my gaming PC at home.  The PC game (only 1 hour into it) must have synced in the cloud and overwrote my MacBook game meaning I lost 20+ hours and my first game is gone forever!  My advice would be to run 1 save game at a time at least until they publicise they have fixed the problem.10/10 would do that 20+ hours all over again."
76561198003053483,Not Recommended,415200,27390201,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,AxemaN,"I have to change my review. After playing 180+ hours I have to say, I'd better not bought this game. You see through this after a long time. The problem is, 1 season takes at least 8 hours in real time - if you play triple speed and know what to do. You need several seasons to get into highest class. But 1-2 simple mistakes in the beginning may ruin your career, which ruins 40+ hours of playing.Then all the repetitive stuff, which makes the game very boring.And don't forget the lot of bugs...This is the main reason I changed my review. ONE fu**ing bug ruined my race, my season and - my career. My #2 driver finished the race (in 3rd position) and decided to give up AFTER CROSSING THE LINE. In the end I missed the goal (getting 2nd) by 1 point, got fired and 22 years of career where gone.Disgusting."
76561198008751254,Recommended,415200,26559704,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Robert,"A must for any fan of management sims or Formula oneI have not been this hooked on a game since KSPFree choice of teams from any of three tiersFrom the best of the best, to the newest on the lowest gridFrom there, you can funnel your funds into developing your car, headquarters or staffEach track has different requirements for partsFast tracks need engine boosts, while twisty means the gearbox needs workDevelop your car over the seasonJust don't forget to fund next years carDuring the race, change your strategy to account for tyre wear and fuel useJust dont run out of fuel or wear down your tyres or your race will be ruinedTime the pitstop just right and advance up the orderMiss time it, and say bye bye to pointsA race management game of this quality has not been seen (by me)Since Grand Prix Manager 2Keep it up Playsport"
76561198021654366,Recommended,415200,26617588,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,SamRothstein,So far i'm very impressed with this game.  It is quite deep for the very first edition of this game.  It has a bright future.
76561197974315218,Recommended,415200,26747972,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Murfenator,"I recommend this game if you like racing and the thought of managing an open-wheel team and strategizing a race with pitstops, pace, etc.Pros:- Graphically pretty- Good UI- Not too shallow, not too deep- Logical decisions usually work- Rewards good management- A good example of what its like to run a team from all angles as well as be a race engineer/strategistCons:- AI is the weakpoint at the moment. Its not terrible, but its not great. Right now the game just rewards staying away from the AI drivers more than actually racing, and this isn't a good thing in my opinion. They need to tweak how the players cars race the AI cars, though I think it is reasonbly possible for them to make it a good bit better with a patch or two.- The game is unclear. Im not sure if this is because im not a football manager player or what, but there are concepts in the game that just aren't explained clearly, and its hard to determine what does what. Some of this is ok, as it means trial and error will let you improve over time, but a manual or more tooltips with more detail really could help.- Sometimes you feel helpless in a race to change the outcome (this isn't totally unrealistic) but the reasons for it usually revolve around poor AI, and that can be frustrating.Bottomline, its good, but not great yet. I think it can be. Unfortunately the racing is the most frustrating part of the game most of the time because of the AI and your just yelling at your drivers as they do stupid thing after stupid thing. Even with that I recommend it, and I've played it over 40 hours in the first week after purchase!"
76561197970573356,Recommended,415200,26751649,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,G Man,"Incredible Detail, very varied races. You need to pick the correct strategy to get anywhere. Whilst you can get the best engineers, drivers, designers and facilities theres more to winning. You need to look after your car ensure its reliable and performs well sounds easy, but this game has a more challanging aspect which I enjoy."
,Recommended,415200,28063712,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,StandingCow,Very detailed and addicting.  I cannot stop playing!
,Recommended,415200,26548643,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,EDR,Where is Maldonado!?
76561197997965772,Recommended,415200,26557940,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Iyvan,This is the manager game I've been waiting for. The detail is impressive and is very stable and polished for an initial release of a game.
,Recommended,415200,26577990,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Canedo,"Winning my first race... last lap... 2s ahead the 2nd place...A wild slow car appear on my front, blocks me and I loose my position in the LAST LAP.+++Will play again.+++"
76561198342767410,Recommended,415200,26578826,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,samelse32,Does anyone know any tweaks to optimise perfomance on a Surface pro 4 with i5 and 8gb of ram. It runs but i want a more consistent frame rate. are there any tools i can use to up performance and reduce lag.\Brilliant game with tonnes of depth and customisation. love it!
76561198008958028,Recommended,415200,26609466,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Kane Did Nothing Wrong,Bismark approves of this game. But there needs to be more German drivesI rate this:Second Reich out of Germany
76561198286296575,Recommended,415200,29958163,Posted: 16 February,all,Donnie,If you love F1 this is perfect for you. It feels like you are watching and it runs so smothly10/10 5stars
76561197980914614,Recommended,415200,29591954,Posted: 30 January,all,dwolf420,"If you enjoy F1 and management sims, BUY IT!!!"
76561198066711772,Recommended,415200,29600119,Posted: 30 January,all,dpistis,Great game. Keep up the good work as it needs refinement.
,Recommended,415200,29595638,Posted: 30 January,all,TooMuchHairProduct,Yo if you like that F1 this is dope.
,Recommended,415200,32969010,Posted: 28 June,all,directorguy7,"The detail in this is crazy. You can manage literally everything, which makes it feel even better when it all comes together and something amazing happens. Anyone who buys this just has to understand, getting 1st, or even 3rd, or even 5th , etc... is not part of the game, nor is it part of real life racing. Its about long term strategy and building your team over multiple seasons."
,Recommended,415200,33008167,Posted: 29 June,all,Quaestus,"Once I start it is hard to stop, enjoy this game a lot."
,Recommended,415200,33097380,Posted: 1 July,all,Ras,Playing this game with a mod makes the game so much better!
76561198256634980,Recommended,415200,33177290,Posted: 3 July,all,OKE45,oke
76561198011598638,Not Recommended,415200,32904568,Posted: 27 June,all,Ignibus,I was expecting data overload and detail-mining like Football Manager...you get neither here. Odd since the F1 world is driven by data. The game is ok and was worth the $11 I paid but if I had paid full price I'd be asking for a refund.
76561198002767603,Recommended,415200,26527402,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,gaz_savage,"So after playing a hefty amount of hours and after playing with the 1.1 patch my advice is buy it!!!I can't stop playing this game, it has its flaws but it's got everything a casual fan and a motor racing fan would need.I'm currently doing the predator challenge and it's so rewarding to be moving up the ladder and within three seasons I was promoted into tier 2.There are flaws though:AI sometimes will make stupid decisions on pit stops, I've won races because they changed to the wrong tire when they should've gone for wets and they put on inters, means they pit again 2 laps later and so the win is in the bag for me.Slow moving cars during practise and qualifying also take the gloss off this game as sometimes it's impossible to do a fast lap because you are blocked, this also happens during the race with backmarkers but I haven't thrown the mouse through the monitor just yet.I'm sure these issues will be cleared up in future patches and I can see me easily clocking 250 hours on this game in the future (maybe more)9/10"
76561198123026017,Recommended,415200,30119286,Posted: 23 February,all,logicpocket,A few days ago I paused the latest Formula E race to spend some time with Motorsport Manager. Now it's a week later and I still haven't gone back to finish watching it. Recommended.
76561198160203404,Recommended,415200,33837835,Posted: 27 July,all,DX-Raytor,Can anyone tell me how to stop playing this game? I spent too many days and nights on this game XD!
76561198002355769,Recommended,415200,33640991,Posted: 18 July,all,noddy118,found out about this game after watching LokiDoki's youtube channel play through and honestly couldn't be happer that I bought it. Great game. very detailed and hope that this is not just a one off as i think with a few changes on the UI this could be even better. 5 stars guys nice job
76561198396294919,Recommended,415200,33870625,Posted: 28 July,all,kohlagan,this game was stellar but at the beginning of the season you will be almost guaranteed to have both of your drivers retired at the end due to mechanical problems as well as half the whole darn field to join you and the only way around this is to have a maxed out factory its game breaking and has costed me a team championship twice since my drivers cannot even finish the darn race otherwise i love this game next time if there is a next one  actually take the time to test it fully becuase there is no way this game breaking mechanic was to be intended and if it was it is not realistic in any way. my recomendation is to allow at least an extra 2 days for repairs before the first race to allow teams with low level factories to have a chance.   and just to prove it.   do you think regulators will even allow an engine that is obviously shoddy anywhere near the track.
,Recommended,415200,34520250,Posted: 26 August,all,ORC4FI5H,YES!!!!!!!!I LIKE THIS A FSOMETIME I FEEL DEPRESSED COZ THIS GAME
76561198167612381,Recommended,415200,34494346,Posted: 25 August,all,"""The Robbo Duck""",i personally love this managment game love the concept and depth of it the managment can be daunting at firt however once you get the grasp of it it becomes more fun and also once you develope your infastructures and team you can only improove so dont let first impressions make you think its too hard stick with it and the future is yours
,Recommended,415200,34467300,Posted: 24 August,all,Marcelo França,This is the best Race Manager ever! Great community as well. I do recommend.
76561198329790359,Recommended,415200,34464449,Posted: 24 August,all,Sybi,Bought this just because of the constant upgrades by the devs and the wonderful FIRE´17 mod!
76561198133772558,Recommended,415200,30031036,Posted: 19 February,all,tezzafan,"Very cool game.Great content and may layers of management both on track and off track.Very nice tracks, well modeled visuals that are clean and bring real atmosphere to the game.New DLC on the way that will add more value to a great game.9/10 and can only improve as patches make minor improvements.Highly recommend to motor racing fans."
76561198020403464,Recommended,415200,30052810,Posted: 20 February,all,AbeLincolnsGhost,"I bought this game because it reminded me of an F1 racing management sim my mother bought for me as one of my first non NES games. I'm not really a fan of racing, but this doesn't require that of me. I don't need to be a mechanic to understand and operate my racing team.So after 17 hours of time, I would definitely recommend this game to anyone interested in management sims. The in-race decision making will bring with it a learning curve if you aren't already knowledgeable about motorsports, but it's something that can certainly be learned. Constant winning won't be easy, but what good would the game be if it was?The game isn't perfect of course. I was hoping more of the drivers might be procedurally generated rather than being the same career to career (while learning I started over a few times). I also would have more liked to start my own company, but that is DLC coming out in just a few days from my writing this. The voting system on rule-changes is an interesting mini-game, but how it tells you if it would benefit you isn't always clear. That may be more my failing than the game's, however.Another thing was the adjustment of your driving team after you signed them to a contract. The contract will denote if they should be the #1, the #2, equal with each other, or in reserve. It took a bit to figure out that the only way it actually manifests is in how they feel the car they are driving is outfitted compared to the other driver. That might be okay, but a more immediate visual representation of driver status is something I would like to see.All in all I'm having fun with this game. For me part of that is nostalgia, but I wouldn't have even considered trying it without that factoring in."
,Recommended,415200,30056075,Posted: 20 February,all,Djass,Awesome
,Recommended,415200,30009777,Posted: 18 February,all,Cartof,This a cool car racing simulator with very nice graphics and a very detailed tutorial but a little pricy !https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Kw7glqqLuk
76561198049513536,Recommended,415200,30015557,Posted: 18 February,all,Shanzaberon,Became so addicted almost called my GF Santa Ana...5/7 would buy again
76561198031391744,Recommended,415200,30027527,Posted: 18 February,all,leetghostdriver,"okay so i might not bet the ""target demographic"" for this game, but i do enjoy, yet are not really ""good"" at management gamesbut if i would reccomend this game but only if you like both of what it brings to the table, motorsport (though it should be called F1 team manager)between races you spend you time developing and upgrading your vehicle and base to get the edge on your other teams and dealing with the squabbles of your drivers and mediaon ""race day"" you participate in practice which can be used to fine tune the performance of your cars fitting it to more closely match the driver to the car by adjusting the spring stiffness, gear ratio's tire pressue, camber and front and rear downforce, then you go to qualifying and try to get the best position for race day, then the big day comes you tell them when to pit so their not driving with slicks while its raining, and keep their cars in working order and hope you get a good spot so you can get money to advanceand there is where it falls down how you make money, most is from race winning but you also have sponsors that can give you a little extra, but they dont care who you are 90% of them want you on the podium even if they are a ""one star"" sponsor and you are the team with the least experianced team and with basic upgrades. i mean i am going off on a tangent here but i chose a team that was well known as being a particpator useually finishing at the back of the feild yet i got a sponsor that was asking my team to finish in 1st, like that will happen within the signing date with other technolically better teams than me on the feild, an i supposed to hope that everyone else has a huge pileup?"
,Recommended,415200,30019188,Posted: 18 February,all,Xumǿ,"If you are a Formula 1 fan, this is the perfect game for you. The game is expanding everyday, and it allows the community to shape the game how they prefer it to be."
,Recommended,415200,29923561,Posted: 14 February,all,Chupa-me Teresa,"10/10Only thing i would do to improve the game is adding an option that allows you to create your own team (being able to set the budgets , and other stuff.. and if you wanted to start this process again you'd sell your team). Also , allow regelation for the last team in the 3rd division (european championship) and a random team would join in.. A youth academy for young driveres where you could recruit the best ones (pretty much like fm) would be a good thing to add as well..To improve the carrer mode for the people who play a lot of seasons , a country without a race track should be allowed to build one. For exemple , lets say that Saudi Arabia decides to build one and then you could vote if you would add it to your calender or not pretty much as you do for normal races.written by a guy that uses my family share to play this game. 10/10 for me as well"
,Recommended,415200,34793712,Posted: 7 September,all,The Crazy Crusader,"brilliant game, well worth buying"
76561197968445709,Recommended,415200,34800712,Posted: 7 September,all,Aape,"As an invidual who never watches motorsport (or tv for that matter):I´ve put some serious time to this game and i bought it less than week ago :) Learned many ways to botch season (driver going ayrton senna / buying new drivers and techs / building wrong parts)Just love it :), it´s time consuming so i usually do 1 race a day and i recommend to try out fire or ice mods."
,Recommended,415200,26533467,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,SaTANA,Nice game  !!!
76561198002240795,Recommended,415200,26526002,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,ProJoe,Excellent!
76561198026882627,Recommended,415200,34230172,Posted: 14 August,all,Morty Mayhem,I'm having lots of fun with is game.
76561198322164608,Recommended,415200,30664102,Posted: 21 March,all,wilsonstar37,Excellent game. Send hours playing it. Would be great to have a multiplayer option where you can challenge a friend and both manage teams in the same series at the same time.This is a great management simulation.
,Recommended,415200,34268801,Posted: 15 August,all,Kyle,Stop whining. Start winning.  This is the Civilization of sports management games - ONE MORE RACE!
,Recommended,415200,26553269,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,KertK.,"Played mobile version of this and absolutely loved it. If you are F1 fan or enjoy open wheelers racing in general, you should definitely get this game."
,Recommended,415200,26554306,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,C*micsans,I dont normally leave review but this game is that good!
,Recommended,415200,33073133,Posted: 1 July,all,DwaNeStaR,This game is a must for all the race fans... so much to do in the game...so much fun and drama..
,Recommended,415200,33056975,Posted: 30 June,all,EcLiPsE_,"Jolyon Palmer actualy finnished a race, wtf unrealistic refund, jokes its banter"
76561198138856174,Recommended,415200,29634569,Posted: 1 February,all,Keeper -F1AK-,bloody oath would play again for a 10/10 or a 8/8
,Recommended,415200,34659047,Posted: 1 September,all,Ch4ffon,THIS GAME IS SO GOD D[censored by GMA] F[censored by GMA] AWESOME!!!
76561198011059023,Recommended,415200,31848089,Posted: 19 May,all,racerdude2424,"Ever want something so bad but never knew you wanted it until you received it? For racing enthusiasts, this is it.The good: Hours of your life will melt away in this game. Though not state of the art, graphics are immersive. I really feel apart of the team in the game. Realistic racing grooves used by the AI (most of the time). Engine sounds consistant with what the car is doing. Garage/pit road sfx good. Backstage politics, such as the literal politics of voting, contract negotiations, interviews, and driver happiness all tie in well with the ultimate challenge of winning races and making money.Needs improvement: I would like updates or further installments of this game put more reward on winning. I want to see my driver model on the podium, receiving kisses from the podium girls, receiving the trophy, spraying champagne. Even interviewing rooms could be installed to add realism. I also would like to see better camera angles. It would be cool to have angled as if you are watching it on television or on board. Keep the aerial, but just add more options.The bad: AI battling for position needs a good look at. I am tired of seeing my 2nd place qualifying position get dropped to 10th on the start of the race and stay there until the first round of pitstops. Either this needs fixed to make it so cars pass each other easier or have another political avenue such as rivalries. Make it so that a trait is added for a specific driver to make it hard to pass them for the next few races or something in retaliation for not allowing an easy pass. Tutorials, tutorials, tutorials! Everything needs covered, not just the basics. I went to google and youtube far too often. Also, despite being out for quite awhile, there are still some bugs needing weeded out. I am concerned about this because I hope the company is not ditching this game. I'd hate for such a strong foundationed game to be put on the shelf when it has so much potential!It's always easier to critique the bad, but don't let the lengths of my paragraphs fool you. If you are a racing enthusiest and enjoy watching cars going fast around a track, GET THIS GAME!"
,Recommended,415200,30957564,Posted: 5 April,all,✪ cabbar,"I have 40 hours experience in this game and I am very happy to find a game which gives me an opportunity to create, manage and compete with a motor sport team.I am a big fan of Formula 1, thanks to steam workshop, I can find Formula 1 add-on and apply it to the game. I can not find any cons for this game. However, I will write some pluses for you.It is not an expensive game. It is reasonable and affordable price.Graphics... It is a manager-like game but you can watch the entire competition between teams and drivers.It is player based game. That means, you can control everything what you want, e.g. fuel, tires, morals, contracts, buildings, cars, design, etc.I would like to write more things about the game but I am tired to write due to there are a lot of things that should be written.If you like motor sports, you are not going to be regret to play this game."
76561198088804534,Recommended,415200,31720343,Posted: 13 May,all,OllyFlash,"I really like this game, its pretty challenging it begin but really rewarding!"
76561198143578750,Recommended,415200,28702349,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Deadman,awesome game cant stop playing it hooked already
76561198063699215,Recommended,415200,29314442,Posted: 17 January,all,Sir Morzek Jenkins of the Horde,Awesome game:Simple to understand.Very addictive.Ruining my school results.
,Recommended,415200,30214179,Posted: 26 February,all,damienf1,"Have been waiting for years for a decent motersport management game, and this ticks all the boxes!"
76561198174303938,Recommended,415200,30304209,Posted: 3 March,all,lc_1989_02,"I had this game and really enjoyed playing it, I had to unfortunetly be refunded though due to it not loading on my laptop.Would strongly recommend the game to anyone interested in exploring different games, this is well made and very enjoyable to any person with a need to play a wide range of game types.I will be purchasing the game again once I figure out how to use and find my voucher, steam seem to hide mail? or atleast after 2 years of being on this, I never worked out how to find mail or mail I have already read."
76561198030374060,Recommended,415200,30358546,Posted: 6 March,all,Nukealope,"Yep, it's good.Pros:1.  You feel like you're in charge.  Good or bad, millions of dollars and your season could depend on when or if you build that Telemetry building.2.  Drivers are like spoiled children.  Just like real life.3.  Budgets, budgets, budgets.4.  Not too gnitty gritty, but when I sweat .1 degrees of a wing angle in practice, that's enough for me.5.  Build it and they will come.  A Test Track, that is.  Drivers love a winner.6.  Eeerrraaaaaaammmm!Cons:1.  Your mechanics are idiots at setups.  Especially the new ones, in ERS, which is when you really need their help.2.  Couple little bugs.  One driver got sick, and dropped to 0 lbs. weight for the rest of his life.  So, he's faster now?3.  Could have used an extra zoom or a In-Car Cam graphics level.  Instead, it's decent, but not super pretty.4.  On the graphics note, cars take slow corners with a jerky turning radius.  Could have been smoothed out a little.5.  And cars sometimes collide or even pass through each other.  Moreso in practice than races.6.  Tire wear can be dramatic, especially if you can't afford super nice compounds on hot tracks... which probably makes sense.7.  Budget, budget, budget.8.  Drivers could have more specific feedback on the radio, or have more varied responses to overtakes, etc.This game doesn't give you much help in the beginning.   Learning that you should pit each lap in the beginning of a practice session, for example, may seem intuitive to some... but others have to learn the hard way.Also, the game shouldn't allow you to build a part for a car once the season is over until after the new chassis is designed.  It's a tough way to learn a lesson about throwing away money.All in all, though, it's an excellent game.  There's flaws that can be easily avoided, and it delivers a lot of atmosphere.  Well done."
76561197980853527,Recommended,415200,28662661,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,smudge_the_cat,I really like this game. I'm a die hard FM fan and buy it every year but I thought Id give this a go. It's realy addictive. There's a nice career progression and loads for you to tinker with.
,Recommended,415200,28678611,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,polltery,"I enjoy watching F1 and love F1 racing games. After playing this, I didn't feel like playing F1 racing games because I found out that it's the race strategy part I enjoy the most (I am getting old..)The new 2D support is pretty awesome and I hope future patches will improve the game more.I bought it for the full price and it's worth it.There are few parts that can be improved:- Hotkeys can be added to allow more control from keyboard to control tyre/fuel management.- I also hope for more automation with tyre/fuel control as sometimes I go away from screen after starting a race. e.g. Setting if tyre temp is >80% then set mode to conserve.- Add a pitstop strategy management system.My score would be a 9.1/10"
76561198021187233,Recommended,415200,29351969,Posted: 19 January,all,grmas1,Loving this game sucks me in for hours as you complete a season trying to get to number one.
76561198031540618,Recommended,415200,28787713,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Mattbeasty,"I have played a few hours of this game and do thorougly enjoy it. Looks great in 4K although when you are at x3 speed it does make you a bit dizzy as the camera follows one of your cars. It would be better if there was a camera free option so you could view the whole track and what is going on and not just your drivers. The game is really indepth, there are many aspects you take control ofI would love to know when you do practice and the race mechanic gives a recommended setup which is represented by a green bar, where in the green bar you should set the seup?If you have ever been into F1 then this is a game for you. Its cheap at the moment too! Enjoy!"
,Recommended,415200,30238877,Posted: 28 February,all,Yeti,"Great graphics and simple yet beautiful game. Easy to understand, simple controls does not need alot of knowledge to play.Highly recommended and definetly worth your money"
76561198035337440,Recommended,415200,30258732,Posted: 1 March,all,Screaming Slave,has a little bit of a learning curve but i've been playing this game for a week or so now and love it!
,Recommended,415200,30260992,Posted: 1 March,all,Fingerchain,_
,Recommended,415200,30457928,Posted: 11 March,all,GamingFlorisNL,An absolute great great game. I already loved it when it was just a iOS game. My favorite game right now and I suggest that you should at least give it a chance and check it out
,Recommended,415200,29308292,Posted: 16 January,all,samueljc4,"Yeah, it's pretty good!"
76561198005022346,Recommended,415200,29326171,Posted: 17 January,all,Tank69er,"Great game, cant wait till next one comes out"
,Recommended,415200,30225706,Posted: 27 February,all,striela,"While there's still lots of untapped potential (more player feedback, better planning tools e.g. for your budget, more tactical options for your drivers), what's there works an it covers a lot of ground.The fact that races and whole seasons pass pretty fast is a definite bonus, and you can save anytime - great for short bursts of gaming.Really hope to see a sequel which expands on this great foundation."
76561198066582749,Recommended,415200,30337317,Posted: 5 March,all,crvorhees69,"I used to love this game until I downloaded the GT expansion.  Now one of my drivers crashes in almost every race.  The last season I ran I managed to finish 3 races with both drivers still on the track.  It's not because of my drivers either as it happens with every driver I hire.  This is unacceptable to me because I'm trying to develope a new team and it is impossible when this keeps happening.  I just shut the game off after, yet again, one of my drivers crashed.  New season and I've had a crash in both races so far.  I'll not be playing this again until this is sorted out.  That being said, I wholeheartedly recommend this game without the GT expansion."
76561198039408804,Recommended,415200,30350997,Posted: 5 March,all,LordRed,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wCzVX-__CvM
76561198035256238,Recommended,415200,28657244,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,entropicmyopic,"I loved this game on mobile and its great so far on PC.  But please, please, please rewrite your tutorial.  It assumes the player knows little to nothing about motorsports, explaining things what ""Practice"" is as opposed to ""Race.""  Its right in the words, guys!  We don't need a tutorial to be told that ""Practice"" is a time to practice!  It's filled with this stuff, too.  Click Clear to clear.  Now see how everything is cleared!  Yes, I know what the world clear means!  After my first hour, I spent more time clicking tutorial boxes than I did racing!Still great game once you get past the unbelievably pedantic tutorial."
76561198040446853,Recommended,415200,28733700,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Poppa DM2,"Very good Racing simulator. There has been a few gems here and there over the years in this genre, however this is the best ive played in current years. If anyone has played Kairosoft's Grand prix story and wanted more depth, realism, options, etc. this is it. And if this is too in depth for you, check out Grand prix story. I highly recommend and look forward to more DLC with more circuts, teams, locations and maybe even being able to zoom in even farther for those close overtakes. Well my time in the pits is up, time to get back on the track!"
,Recommended,415200,28788483,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,nucnik,"I didn't expect to be this hooked on the game, but it is fantastic! You manage the team on a race-to-race basis, deciding which components to design and upgrade, which team members to hire and fire and so on, which is all done very intuitively. All the while you have to balance the spending on parts with saving up money for new HQ structures, so the strategic part is very well done, it makes you think long and hard about what to do one year or the next. Then you get to the race and micromanage the drivers and managing their strategies.Apart from one bug so far, when the game crashed, I really can't praise the gameplay enough."
76561197970358596,Recommended,415200,29362316,Posted: 19 January,all,floder,One of the most enjoiable manager games I played in a long time
76561197982810203,Recommended,415200,30332551,Posted: 5 March,all,the meegs,"If you are a motorsport fan, but sometimes dispair of the decisions your favorite team makes then this game will allow you to prove you can do better!Motorsport manager is incredibly in depth, but presented in such a way that it doesnt ever overwhelm you, the graphics are clean, crisp, and pretty, the rain effects are nice (esp when its a full storm and the track floodlights come on)My only real gripes are with the sound (i wish the ambient sounds of a real race track were more prominent (tinny pa systems etc) and the car to pit radio (just doesnt seem right, would prefer a few real voices to add more immersion.I look forward to watching this game develop more and adding many many more hours of playBtw, i wish you could zoom in more on the action!!!!!!"
76561198082699452,Recommended,415200,33440386,Posted: 10 July,all,EJ,I love this game! With a few tweaks it could be one of the very best!
,Recommended,415200,29977933,Posted: 16 February,all,h0sti1e17,"I love this game.  If you love F1 racing, and Sim games, this pick this up.  The strategy is great, you can change rules of the series you are in, you can move up and down series, change your livery, improve you team from year to year.  You have the ability to change your race strategy on the fly.  The only two negatives would be no F1 license.  You can change team names and livery with mods, but the tracks are still not real.  Although they are very similar.  A track creator at some point would be great.  The only other issue is (not that it is an issue) is you cant get really close to the action.  A 1st person, view of an overtake, or on track cameras would make it feel more like race day.It looks like other series are coming, so a NASCAR or Indycar in the future may be possible.I would recommend this game.  It is right up there with OOTP and Football Manager."
76561198075480637,Recommended,415200,34667272,Posted: 1 September,all,deathdealer012,"I would recommend this on sale, it's a good game, but a lack of variety means it goes stale quick without mods. There is a fair bit of strategy involved in the races, however I'd say more depends on the car than the driver, which is fine in fact I prefer it that way, however the system for upgrading your car isn't too comprehensive and I wish they'd go more in depth with the act of researching and engineering new parts and materials as it would bring a lot more depth to a game that needs alittle.TL;DR: Good buy on sale; Gets kinda stale6.5/10- Vanilla7.5/10-With Mods"
76561198017246905,Not Recommended,415200,30489791,Posted: 13 March,all,aK,"Way to expensive for what it is, the cars don't really follow any physics so everything is kinda basic ""feeling"" the depth is kind of false. It's a shame cause if the car engine was better and more complex it would be a great management game.It's a super lite casual game, is it nothing like the b spec mode in gran turismo where the drivers are governed by the physics of the car and how you set it up, the cars are on rails and driven by math equations a cheap method in my opinion.It is worth around 6-7 bucks at most."
76561198087204933,Not Recommended,415200,29855788,Posted: 11 February,all,Hawksman49,"Right lets start:Graphics - GoodUI - AmazingAI - UnbalancedSound - GoodOverall:I feel the company did a good job with the game especially the User Interface and Functions but the AI was severly lacking. This is a key concept element for this game. For this sole reason i can't recommend this game. Maybe if the company spent more time on AI than UI then it could have been good.The game is very interactable, plenty to manage but i find when i race that the AI is unbalanced and hard to beat. It seems to me the only way to beat the AI and get pole is to hire one of the best drivers or Micro Manage every single turn with both your drivers at the same time. It's basicly impossible."
,Recommended,415200,26523563,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,CrazySmizzle,Very indepth racing simulation.
,Recommended,415200,30641621,Posted: 20 March,all,Sgt. Fury RDS,Awesome!
,Recommended,415200,28438649,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Apex_Kous,"This game is alright.... Would be a heap better if it had shortcuts, boosts and bazookas"
76561198060592312,Recommended,415200,30682037,Posted: 23 March,all,fatlocust,I like.
76561198072409292,Recommended,415200,28317294,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,sammurray,"Outstanding! If you love F1, buy buy buy!"
76561198109505953,Recommended,415200,29951246,Posted: 15 February,all,Black Magic,great game
76561198002771780,Recommended,415200,27826897,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,kope_bh,"First day of playing was great. Start playing next day and game just keeps crashing, annoying."
,Not Recommended,415200,33442010,Posted: 10 July,all,DN_Eyeball7392,really wanna play this game but although it worked fine first time whenever i have tried to load it up since it just goes to a blank loading screen and then stops i have tried multiple installs and it hasnt worked and ik my pc can handle it so wtf is wrong??
76561198007360405,Not Recommended,415200,31219948,Posted: 18 April,all,Boyland,"The concept of the game is very good... some aspects are drawn out causing long gaps before anything exciting happens.The game crashes a lot in standard game. and even more when you apply the DLC, so save regularly (no qualifying rule change causes game file to get corrupt at the start of the first race the season after)."
76561197993862505,Not Recommended,415200,33153534,Posted: 2 July,all,Savage Henry,"I enhoyed it in the 1st season, but then the game decides to shift up the bullsh*t and dash any hopes you had for having fun."
,Not Recommended,415200,27490106,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Yuki,"I like this game but in the 3rd round of the championship the game keep crashing whenever I won the race. No I don't hate this game, the game hate me..."
,Recommended,415200,34553079,Posted: 28 August,all,RockCK,Chinese plsChinese pls
,Recommended,415200,28390370,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,MavDaddy,"Good game, nice graphics"
,Recommended,415200,28389340,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Gruntr18,10/10 would play again
,Recommended,415200,28431574,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Abhorrent,Truerly a Motorsport Management
,Recommended,415200,32723624,Posted: 24 June,all,[RTB] TheCarMan,I really like it!
76561198000375360,Recommended,415200,28603634,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Dankobananko,Game od the year! 9.5/10
76561198079290651,Recommended,415200,26590949,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Ryan Rhodes,Great game
76561197972823757,Recommended,415200,26530484,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Bazookatooth,Enjoying the game.
76561198115283832,Recommended,415200,26531285,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Chasehud,Get it.
76561198029359959,Not Recommended,415200,29836317,Posted: 10 February,all,jeffallan,"So much potential but ruined by bugs...how can a game be this much money and crash repeatedly...bugs include crashing immediately after races and end of season. Also, cars sometimes ignore pit orders and simply run out of fuel on the track.Wish I could have a refund!"
,Recommended,415200,32880813,Posted: 27 June,all,Umter,I like this.
,Recommended,415200,29785987,Posted: 8 February,all,Clank24401,Stop reading this and buy the game.
76561198110672361,Recommended,415200,29646295,Posted: 2 February,all,Hildebrandt(ZA),Just fantastic!
76561198002687686,Recommended,415200,30665651,Posted: 22 March,all,Steely,One of the best games of 2016 in my opinion
76561198040427548,Recommended,415200,30359955,Posted: 6 March,all,patmorecombe,Great game love the gt series add on how about a superbike add on as well when will the new add on be available
76561198006831882,Recommended,415200,26749807,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,chac_f1,"Awesome game for fans! (even wo/offical license!) great inmersive but not too confusing experience of waht motorsport means these days, essential for harcodre racing fans."
,Recommended,415200,30394283,Posted: 8 March,all,Jagged Antilles,"I do recommend the game and from a certain Point of view is a very fun game, sadly there are some major issues with the game, if you ever have the chance to play the game in version 1.21 you will understand what I mean.For those of you that haven't seen that old version of the game, Let me just say that the current version is a half upgraded game, even if you only own the vanilla game, there are stuff from GT everywhere, in other words the company is trying to force you to buy GT.One very fun aspect of this game was the Predator Challenge, and in version 1.21 it was amazing, specially since you could rebuild the team any way you wanted with the free drivers that were out of work, in version 1.23 a version half updated with GT stuff, you do not have free drivers anymore, so you go from having a very tough and very fun predator challenge in 1.21 to an absolute nightmare and an exercise in frustration in 1.23, in other words the company that made the game tried to make the GT DLC obligatory, not giving the option to customers to see the original game if they wanted.For myself I find that 1.21 is 10 times a better game than the current the version, the game is still good, but sadly is not as fun, if I needed to put an score it would beVersion 1.21  9 out of 10 (still there are issues with blue flags the game is not perfect)Version 1.23  5 out of 10 (Having a half updated game and trying to force you to buy the GT DLC made the game a whole lot less fun than it was)My recommendation is positive but the game has plenty of concerns."
76561198055684639,Recommended,415200,28687134,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,mrmy,good game :)
76561197986540316,Recommended,415200,29371400,Posted: 20 January,all,cizalladura,AWESOME!!!
,Recommended,415200,30549888,Posted: 16 March,all,BIG Chad Kool,Fun time killer when bored.
,Recommended,415200,28794094,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Archer,"It is a great game, worth the discounted price. However, it is not as deep as you'd image after the first look. Still, by far this is the most (and only) decent sim manager out there."
76561198050162574,Recommended,415200,30016802,Posted: 18 February,all,Synthespian,"Good game, but needs an acceleration button.Really enjoyable, and in some ways quite theraputic, but the 3x speed is just not quite fast enough at times.  If you lose both cars in a race on the first lap (v unlikely btw) you'd be ""forced"" to watch the entire race to be able to progress, and there's something wrong in that being even possible.  Or, if you're comfortably leading then a faster setting would allow to move the game towards the next pitstop window.Have enjoyed some epic races with cars qualifying 13th and squeezing the last few % of life out of the components and holding off the faster cars with a one-stop strategy.  Perfect mid-tier stuff, in my opening WMC race, so the excitement is there when needed (and no need to speed up at that point).Suggestions (to speed up race e.g. 5x - 10x speed):* unless red line on component reached on a driver* unless car < 3 laps fuel* unless car < 30% tyre* or both cars out of raceIn those scenarios you would (as a user have to) accept that you are able to slow the race down should any qualitive decisions be required (e.g. faster car approaching you or you approaching another).  It reduces the effectiveness of the orders changing rapidly, but moves the game on.Definitely worth playing, but don't feel it's worth the premium price.  Bought on a 50% deal and I don't think it's worth more than that."
76561198267572722,Recommended,415200,26541822,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,lanky64,"GreetingsInitial observations are the game has a somewhat steep learning curve.The tutorial,  Walked me through a step by step process of managing my two drivers through a race.On my computer, I have W10,  and a standard issue Dell Tower that is about a year maybe two years behind the current shelf items and DSL.   The graphics were pretty awesome.  Per the top side view of the cars cobatting ech other.  And ran perfectlyThe tutorial, walks you through the meat of the game which is actually running in a race.You are given the teams you are given in this game. No making up your own race team.BUT, in the career mode, you can opt to JOIN a race team.The first tutorial is the only one I hve witnessed. f there are others, speaking to the techinacl a buisnes side, of the game.  I have yet to see them, and my ba missing the,If you area a racing fan Grognard.  And Old, like me.  This is a must buy.You too can be The Boss.   No actual being in the car, and working it to the limits here. Them days are long gone for me, as I have aged and just want to be The Boss.   And have worn out my thumbs, on my Nintendo controller, and the bunjo cords of my wheels and pedals, When I bought my first computer in 1998.Right now my profile is a guy who won the Worldwide Super Lottery,   And wants to be part of a Open Wheel Racing Team as a hobby. Has no area of significant expertise.  Just and all around knowledge.  Of watching racing on TV/Initial investigation.  Tier 3 offers up an American Team.  Tier One appers to be Team USA nonexistant  Maybe I need to promote myself int it.  Cool beansWhile I establish a Tier 3 (GP3) race team somewhere in GermanyUnder the banner of the Stars & Stripes.  Team Cold War, happeniong.My first job will be to hire some German Engineers.And learn the metric system.  Euros be damned.My lottery winnings were US Dollars.Not saying you should buy this game.  How you spend your momney is NONE of my businessSo far,  glad I did.."
76561198057018210,Not Recommended,415200,35209696,Posted: 25 September,all,jbc199923,Really good game until the 14.1 update and since then I haven't been able to play the game as it constantly crashes and I have even had to buy a new hardrive as it broke my last one!!!
76561197970774843,Not Recommended,415200,35457161,Posted: 3 October,all,Nakkis,"Have now tested this game with 2 different computers and both are giving the same issue -> random computer freeze during the race event (I mean total freezing, hard power reset needed, and only game doing this...). So, ""test"" this game first and remember to ask for refund if it crashes even once during the race event, because you have high changes that it will never work properly. Skip all other fancy things to get to the race event first or you will easily miss the Steam refund time limit, like I did! If you can play race events without crashes then you are lucky and go ahead."
,Recommended,415200,30586271,Posted: 18 March,all,GuyC_UK,"Great game for motor sport managing, but still there is a couple of things wrong with it like all others i have played, sponsorships are unrealistic, ie, the cars have different drivers, the drivers are sponsored too in real life but not in this game, and the main thing is the designing, designing should be for applying to the car the next/following year not for the same, and at the end of the year all your effort into creating master pieces just simply vanish and no longer in your store or anywhere, at least some of the pieces could be re-used, so i give it a rating of 6/10. enjoyable until you realise your masterpieces just vanish when they shouldn't and the sponsors need more options, like in real life."
76561198085438229,Recommended,415200,34707505,Posted: 3 September,all,Neonknighthawk,has anyone else who has played motorsport manager does there game keep crashing everytime since the update.
76561198033596886,Recommended,415200,26765129,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MuchMucho,"If you like big engines and the hype of formula 1, formula 3000 and what they all are called, but you also like games like Football Manager.Then this game is one you wanna take a look at.This game doenst have the real player or team names, those names would have added to the realism level.Why the motorsport industri doesnt throw money at this game, is beyond me because it would have been a good advertising oppotunity for them.But in truth it doesnt matter much for the fun level because I really enjoy this game, and it is one of the better games around of its sort definetly worth the money.RATING:My personal rating of this game is 9/10, when you judge it in its category, simply put I really love this game."
76561198065361028,Not Recommended,415200,30622831,Posted: 19 March,all,Ouch!,"After playing the game for a large number of hours and providing the community with some mods, I have enough experience to say this:The amount of CTD is shocking, really shocking, it truely reminds me of Empire total war and the siege battles crashing and CTDs etc.To spend one hour in a race, score a really hard earned result and then to get a CTD is just amateur at best from the Devs. If it was a one off then okay. But it has happened to many users and more than once.The game is unstable and thus unplayable and unbuyable.Save your money and buy a game without CTD issues.If they fixed the CTD issues then I would change my opinion to positive. As of October 2017 they haven't!"
76561197984616452,Not Recommended,415200,26732664,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Troll,"It's a very simple game, i was expecting alot more then the phone version of the game, but it's very alike, with better looking graphics, and pretty much the same team management system. the thing that annoyes me the most is the terrible management system, making new parts, improving parts, next year car ""where you just save abit of money all year, then sign all the new contract with suppliers the first day of the new season""hopufully they will change alot next year, if they make another game"
76561198050518927,Not Recommended,415200,30344987,Posted: 5 March,all,mctarabini,"Good idea... a bit shallow - you fidget around a lot to achive rather little. Overall, an OK game if bought for cheap but don't expect to clock 1000hours, you will probably be bored after 50."
76561198024156946,Not Recommended,415200,30509371,Posted: 14 March,all,rokatopo,"This is a fun game! but there is a 85% chance that when you save it will not save properly, corrupt the save file and then crash the game....leaving you to go back to your last save file and try for that 15% chance again....."
76561198002455481,Not Recommended,415200,31067084,Posted: 10 April,all,hannahrr,They should call it Buggy Manager. I can't go two races without hitting some hard-coded event to ruin the experience (That's not even accounting for the stability issues).
76561198044529018,Recommended,415200,26513904,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,ermac,10/10
76561198051067442,Not Recommended,415200,26753613,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,daniel.laybourn,Great game but crashes too often to really enjoy it.
76561197963783985,Recommended,415200,26628109,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,zippy,Simply excellent
76561198296010238,Not Recommended,415200,27996117,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,jnuttin84,"The Game itself is really good, but i'll playi it for half an hour at the most, then it freezes.....annoying!!I wouldn't recommend it until this stops happening.."
76561198089401405,Not Recommended,415200,34981188,Posted: 15 September,all,g.mavounia,"Not working unable to launch game it keeps crashing "" MM.exe not responding"""
76561198027754308,Recommended,415200,30587838,Posted: 18 March,all,timmyt1234,Great game
76561198055838144,Not Recommended,415200,33621168,Posted: 17 July,all,henrique_rs89,"Game simply full of problems.- AI made stupid rookie mistakes- Lack of data available to make decisions. Many of them you have to make on ""feelings"".- Simply zero interactions with staff, drivers, engineers...- Pit stops are the worst thing possible! Even when you pick the easy ones, with 10% chance of mistake, sh*t always happens! At least half of your stops go wrong, even with the best engineers!- IT CRASHES! it doesn't only crash in appropriate times (if this even exists), but in the most unapropriate times ever! Like when i got the pole position (CRASHED!) and when i won a race (CRASHED!) !So my honest opinion is DON'T BUY IT!"
,Not Recommended,415200,31799845,Posted: 16 May,all,SamshedTatter(Ephixa),"for the 3 races i endured hell for, it was good, but the constaint crashing for no reason is bs, looked online ad tryed all teh fixes, firewall, AV, graphic drivers, re installed but nothing worked. i even put the graphics down to the lowest setting. and i cant find info on my crash info anywhere. if the game was more stable it would be amazing. but i cant recommend it atm"
76561198023260112,Recommended,415200,29894780,Posted: 13 February,all,Grant,Very addictive game! definitely worth a buy if your into F1
76561198118950764,Recommended,415200,29889490,Posted: 12 February,all,jeremyncross,This is a great game!! Its a fun and enjoyable way to kill time.
76561198137890492,Recommended,415200,29852482,Posted: 11 February,all,"Jésus ""El Savior"" Christ",Please just one... more... race...(x500)
,Recommended,415200,29879091,Posted: 12 February,all,Ch3ddar,Great Game.Can't fault it.
76561198145722705,Recommended,415200,29914973,Posted: 13 February,all,Twitch.tv/Sealsy,Totally Awesome Been Playing For HoursSeriously Worth The Money
,Recommended,415200,32878113,Posted: 27 June,all,✪ mr. Smetla,Eyyy
,Recommended,415200,32486373,Posted: 16 June,all,raikkonen7,Reccomended √√
76561198007627290,Recommended,415200,26616638,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,michael,Great Game.
76561198029898506,Not Recommended,415200,26618873,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,[GC]Ted Striker,"It's a really nice arcade game. Unfortunately, it lacks depth, which makes it hard to play seriously as you do not have enough stats / tools (& time during the 10m practice) to judge about your setup changes... it's more like a nice looking Ipad-App."
76561198002735633,Not Recommended,415200,26610351,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Geordie FM,not happy with this game got it today and it wont play on my pc its not my pc spec every other game i have plays on it but this game crashes every time i get to the loading screen verry angry at this
,Not Recommended,415200,31574640,Posted: 6 May,all,RCM™,"This game is a great idea, but horriblly executed in many ways. This game is sold at the same price as a full release, despite it being a WIP with the amount of bloody fixes and game breaking updates by the devs.The game without mods will bore you to tears as the game is unbelievably easy.I could win a race driving a grand piano if the race had changeable conditions. The ai is thick as two short planks.The game is rigged with bugs and many people have issues.I would only buy this when it's discounted."
,Not Recommended,415200,30841952,Posted: 30 March,all,gazwefc,"Spelling mistakes, cant sign drivers ready for the next season, game crashes at start of 2nd season. Will edit when fixed."
,Not Recommended,415200,30128111,Posted: 23 February,all,khapooks,"Not really sure what I was expecting from this game, but had a 50% off code, so commited to the purchase.I love the football manger franchise, and was hoping for a cut down version of that game. Unfortunately this is to cut down for my liking.Staff Options:As the game stands there are limited race series options and very limited actual team management availble. Pretty much just hire or fire your drivers, desinger and the mechanic for each driver. I really was hoping for more staff options and of a more detailed breakdown on the relevant traits.In Race:I've completed 3 seasons so far, and find the game very repetitive. What tyres do I want, X amount of laps, X amount of fuel in the car gives you an estimate of how many pits you are going to do.Though more may be required if your parts aren't very reliable.Car Prep:You basically have 3 things here:1. Designer - please create me a new part (obviously the better designer, and more money you have the better the part)The are limited options on risk/reward with the parts. And you only have 1 resource designing 1 part for 1 car at a time.2. Mechanics - Post race repairs, and between race tuning of parts for performance and reliability.3, Car Design - limited options on actual build of car (how much money you want to spend with suppliers) and is done at the start of each season. Apart from that what (basic) colour scheme and livery you want and the occasional change of sponsor.All in all, a few clicks at the start of the season, a couple in between for new parts and then telling the drives how far to push the car or pit during the race itself. I wasn't expecting (and didn't want) anything to complicated on car design (not being a mechanic myself), but a couple of clicks and sliders didn't make this the game for me...."
76561198349336927,Not Recommended,415200,31778773,Posted: 15 May,all,dylan5158,"terrible experience here, played for hardly ten minutes and it froze my computer for hours. couldnt even shut it off. graphics are basically a cartoon. not worth it"
76561198112917945,Not Recommended,415200,30177351,Posted: 25 February,all,asayers96,Game is always freezing and crashing!!
,Not Recommended,415200,33663015,Posted: 19 July,all,Drunken Master,Help forurms don't allow posts.Every season every part is toast.Removing player progress is about as fun as dead fish.Don't even think about buying this.
76561198061378969,Recommended,415200,28769101,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,saraPEdeal,"There are some big issues with finish grid, driver that is behind lets say 11th place finish the rece before the 8th place."
,Recommended,415200,28801534,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,JustTommy13,i would like even  more if it was compatible for windows 7
76561197993597587,Not Recommended,415200,26753993,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Yammo,"TL;DR: A wonderful game, made unplayable by the worst interface I have ever witnessed.1: A minute worth of unskippable splash screens when starting the game......that has to be re-watched every time the game crashes.2: The game crashed at the very end of the 45 lap tutorial race and while the game optionssuggests that there are auto-saves - there were no saves to load. So - no initial save ismade when starting a new game(creating character, etc) and no saves during the 1 hourrace. I'm doubting the save-function even works. Oh, hey... at least I get to watch theunskippable splash screens again. Screw you, devs.3: The camera flies all over the place, in a nausia-inducing manner when choosing sponsors.4: The camera keeps rotating around the car when checking its stats, which is nausia inducing.(Just let me stop the camera, so I can focus on the actual menues, please!)5: Most menus are transparant with moving stuff in the background, making it extremely taxingto read the menues. (Please allow for opaque menues, or a way of STOPPING all these annoying movements behind the text & numbers)6: Placing ""Next turn"" at the exact same place as the ""close window"" for the massive stack of ""debriefing"" screens can be nothing but a willful intent of cruelty.7: Said ""debriefing screens"" can not be closed (as is standard on PC)  with the ESC-key.8:It is with pleasure in my heart, that I give this a down-vote.DO NOT TOUCH this premature abomination of a release until it has received a MASSIVE patch."
76561198364326831,Not Recommended,415200,30599419,Posted: 18 March,all,farinathomas,"The game itself is not bad, but guys I really don't recommend to buy it if you are running Mac OSX Sierra. It crashes many times and it drives me crazy. I am not able to continue my career because of the frequent crashes.I asked help to the support more than once, and they are not able to even understand what is happening. They keeps posting stupid suggestions like ""try to load a different savegame"" or ""try to reinstall the game"" but it never works.I tried with a fresh install and all the steps they suggested me but it doesn't work.I feel like I thrown my money out of the window, nothing more than that."
76561198098109606,Not Recommended,415200,29812226,Posted: 9 February,all,meagain864,This game is a laughably bad simulation of motor sports.This is another dog♥♥♥♥♥♥game in the same vein as Football Manager. If you like clicking the Continue button over and over again while nothing happens then this and FM 2017 are for you.
76561198014940270,Not Recommended,415200,26646737,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Yidoyid,"I've tried leaving long reviews of this game but doesn't let me so heres a quick one.If this was on mobile only then 7/10For this 'pc' version 2/10It's not for pc at all, not worth £25 at all and i feel robbed, its nothing like they made out to be and only respond to good comments on social media.It's not the racing management game they made it out to be, the control you have is minimal and boring really, already got a trainer just to try add some excitement to this game as i only play it to play it as wasted money on it and only when i stream it to my Nvidia Shield tablet as i can't sit in front of pc to play this.So after using trainer to make car better it doesn't have any outcome on race, best car in the Euro division but yet i struggle to pass the cars at back of the grid and get passed way to easily and when lapping people who are blue flagged they never let my drivers pass them and then get over taken by car behind who goes pass us both and get a 3-4 sec lead before i can pass car under blue flag."
,Recommended,415200,26635291,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Jihadi Kermit,i am a WRC fan not having given a fak to Ecclestone's F1.. yet this game nailed me to my chair for hours.the wow moment: every turn in the lap is itself a very tense now or never moment.buy it and u would not regret it.
76561198075937545,Not Recommended,415200,33051668,Posted: 30 June,all,onumats,"Im sorry but, It's THE MOST boring game i have ever played!!! Even Pole Position 2012 was better.Hoped it would be more like mobile version, wich was good and fun! Thats why i wanted to try also this pc version. I didn't like it at all.Want my money back for sure!"
76561198051151803,Not Recommended,415200,29797902,Posted: 9 February,all,negrutalex,"Do you like linear games? Than this one is for you.Once you figure out the routine is quite easy.Got bored and dropped it after 4""5 seasons. Maybe will give it a try after a few updates"
76561198169470108,Not Recommended,415200,28431503,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,gilles.schwindt,The game crashes each time I am trying to play. It was not that before to download the update. Please make something to repair because I can't play anymore. Thanks.
,Recommended,415200,26611178,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,The Legendaire,*I am going through the tires like a fat man through donuts* ^^
76561198083898267,Recommended,415200,29653077,Posted: 2 February,all,星际二五仔,we need chinese!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,415200,26606808,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Billy Mann,"I don't get the large amount of raving reviews for this game.As a hardcore motorsport fan, it's just in one word... Dissapointing,for a general gamer I can see it being good. I go into extensive detail below...There is no depth to the racing, you don't feel in control of what is happening at all, you have to run around on the highest fuel  and the 2 highest tyres or you get passed easily. For the first 5 or so laps of a race it's just annoying, you get overtaken so easily you may aswell not bother. No control of pitstops, fuel lasts for no time at all comapred to tires. You can quite easily run the softest tires all race and not worry about their wear at all. Part of managing a race team is race strategy, that in-game you have decide the lap you want to pit. There's no pre-race strategy making.As for the management part, it's good. But after doing a few races and only getting a couple top tens it seems pointless to race as a lower team and work up. It's annoying how simple upgrades are, basic parts such as engine, gearbox, front & rear wing. There's just no depth for someone who watches racing, even a little. They've gone to far to the point of getting everyone involved, and not making a game enjoyable for people who find the sport enjoyable and interesting.The lack of liscensing also effects your enjoyment of it if you watch the sport, some of the tracks have layouts vaguely like their real counter parts, there's just been no effort at all to get any licsening.What's also disapointing is that it's just F1, and two run up series like GP2 and GP3. Be nice to have F1, Sportscars, US Series like Indy Car and manage a range of teams across a couple series like Carlin do in the lower formulas.Overall for the general public who like management games it's probably quite good, but for someone who loves all motorsport it seems to be extremely disapointing."
76561198281619522,Recommended,415200,30652134,Posted: 21 March,all,VFkkw,"WE NEED CHINESE!!!!!!As a world-wide company,nothing is more foolish than ignore chinese players demands!!!!!!"
,Not Recommended,415200,29704200,Posted: 4 February,all,[Back in January] 👑RYL,Didnt enjoy this game. but apparently that is enough to value a down vote according to steam users
76561197989541692,Not Recommended,415200,26539239,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Rikkonen,"The company and team management aspects of this game are decent. It allows you to build new facilities, hire and fire team and management staff etc. However, the racing management of this game is horrible.Pros -1. Company management and aspects of sponsors, part development and personnel are decent2. Its got pretty graphicsCons -1. One 20 minute practice session to get that perfect setup2. Unrealistic weather and tyre performace in certain weather conditions. It rains almost every race weekend in my experience.3. No breakdown of lap time or sector analysis of any part of practice or the race4. No adjustments of the car during a race for fine tunement5. Setups for both cars match almost completely. Although they may vary slightly6. No tyre degridation analysis of any sessions to determine race strategy. There is little to no race strategy involved.The list goes on and on. If you want a company management game with a small flair of unrealistic racing simulation management thrown in than this game is for you. Maybe thats the way SEGA planned all along. I for one was hoping for a true strategic type racing simulation. I can do without all the pretty race graphics and track pictures.Someone needs to take a game like Rfactor(2), Assetto Corsa or another racing simulator and add all the racing mangement spects to that.SEGA has taken a company management game and added a racing cover to it. What they need to do it create a racing simulation game first and then add company management to it.Its no better than the rest of the arcade style race management sims out there."
76561198006678026,Recommended,415200,29955366,Posted: 15 February,all,White_Dragoon,CHINESE PLEASE
76561197967254312,Not Recommended,415200,27880135,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,stolpe23,"I would recommend this game to you if you have absolutely no demands for motorsport realism. I especially like the way you get stuck behind backmarkers and lose around 20 seconds a lap - even though the car in question is blue flagged. Cracking job SEGA. Also, the 50/50 gender ratio is so cute."
76561197970680484,Recommended,415200,28011542,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Shane,"Game OverviewArcade version of football manager, With interactive race sections which allows you to give real time orders to your drivers. The menus work well, you can navigate between each section easily in almost any manner required, even the messaging system contains hyperlinks to connect the different screens at the click of your mouse.GameplayAt first appears more complicated than it actually is, in the same manner it appears hard to get to grasps with, but the truth is its rather easy and straight forward once you have learnt the games mechanics.This said, things are not very well explained and several things will take you a little time to come to terms with. many mistakes will be made along the way but it does a decent job at replicating the experience of being a F1 manager non the less, not perfect by any standards and lacking in several areas.It gets pretty boring once you have learnt the game mechanics, and leaves you with nothing more than a repetitive game that simply requires you fast forwarding a ton of races over a ton of seasons to achieve a very easily obtainable goalScore5/10"
76561198068115354,Recommended,415200,28828358,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,CatReed,neat-o
,Recommended,415200,33627247,Posted: 18 July,all,NanShanker420,"big thumbs up, thanks for watching"
76561198416437513,Not Recommended,415200,34491779,Posted: 25 August,all,gerdas7,"It crashes every time i start playing. i asked for refund but because first 6h of game was alright so they can`t refund me. (2hour policy) My laptop Macbook 2015 , 15 inch. Waste of money"
76561198153248509,Not Recommended,415200,28173741,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,chase.horth,This Game freezes every 10 minutes!!!!  Until it's fixed I will be telling all my friends that are interested in it not to buy the game!  I did not paid ~$40 for a game that I can't play!
76561198111836791,Not Recommended,415200,27539904,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,stigsam5,"The game is garbage, whoever reviewed this game in Autosport magazine giving it a big thumbs up....they're idiots. It's boring, changes you make seem to make no difference, it's hard to move the team up the grid, particularly when the car is even slower for the second year. I'm not happy at all with this game and want my money back"
,Not Recommended,415200,32838470,Posted: 26 June,all,IkiOloj,It is really bad. You can't play just tutorial. Please help me.
76561198032148377,Not Recommended,415200,28319309,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,kevin.feeney37,"I can't even give the reason that this game is so broken, there is a good one somewhere that someone lists ever issue with the game and i can agree 100% with him.It pains me that i've wasted so much time trying yo understand this game"
,Not Recommended,415200,30350051,Posted: 5 March,all,pizzapazza2000,Cant reccomand it right now cant get past tutorial on first playthrough because it bugs out
,Not Recommended,415200,26550975,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,HVA_HeadBusta,"The concept and mechanics of the game seem to work out pretty nicely, but with only three open wheel / open cockpit championships available, and no official licensed content or series, the overall content available doesn't match the current pricetag.If you are really big into Formula 1, and you can look past the fictional content, maybe this game is for you.  Otherwise I would wait for a sale."
76561198086214932,Not Recommended,415200,34621914,Posted: 30 August,all,bchrac,"I initially enjoyed this management sim except that as a manager your records are not saved. Manually writing them out to a spreedsheet was very time consuming and not reflective of a multimillion dollar management position. Car tunings are semi-randomized and just time consuming as implemented. When a new update came out after I purchased, you could save car settings but the implementatation was of a early 1990's caliber, There are no sorting  or filtering capabilities and based on randomizied vaiances you are better off using a mod that just does the car settings for you. The final straw was that game saves and loads were time increased by at least 3 times, if the update would have been released within 30 days of my purchase ( was about 60 days), I would have recouped my purchase price. Not reccomended unless repaired after this review."
76561198075656305,Not Recommended,415200,29997414,Posted: 17 February,all,gaofeng,no chinese no good
76561198003228620,Not Recommended,415200,29121362,Posted: 8 January,all,Sango,"It is fun, on the rare occaisions the game actually loads.  The game freezes during the loading process more than half the time.  Do not spend money on this game until this issue is resolved."
,Not Recommended,415200,29043108,Posted: 5 January,all,Jengaleng,"First off- I'm not a motorsport Fanboy or anyone that has a bias towards or against this game in any way.As the game stands right now- I cannot reccomend it to my friends.Pros- Awesome management options and lots to grind for.Fun content and conept of the gameCons- Technical issues with the game really hamper ones ability to be successful.If you choose a lower tier game you will be frustrated watching all other cars pass you by and never being able to finish in the top 10. Blue flags will cost you races and it's a losing battle to keep your drivers/team/chairman happy.If you choose a decent team you are still going to suffer through being stuck behind slower cars while your driver does nothing to pass them, Pit stops are slower then the AI's and one tiny mistake during race time will cost you.After making the mistake of going with tier 1 I restarted at tier 3 and picked a moderately rated team because I wanted to build a team not be handed one. No matter what I do it's impossible to finish on the podium. I finally finished a race in the top 10 and my game crashes and lost the progress.Advice to game devs- Make this game more forgiving in the middle of the pack. It's too black and white where you either are the best or the worst- there's no hope for teams in the middle.-Blue flags are game breaking, get rid of them completely-Make more aggresive driving pay off more, If I'm on Attack and overtake it shouldn't take 5 laps to pass the car in front of me running on conserve and neutral fuel."
76561198062902544,Not Recommended,415200,26715539,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,LS1,"This is my second review, initially I requested a refund but have stuck with itfor this game to be great it needs to match rules to real formulas & needs to be officially licensed, needs more realistic budgets & sponsorship negotiation, needs more variables (atmospheric conditions, punctures caused by debris on track, random driver decisions) and better AI in general.basically it needs to be football manager with F1 2016 car tweakability, and with football manager levels of stats and variables5/10"
76561198061907378,Not Recommended,415200,32448244,Posted: 15 June,all,eclepkens,"Hello,I'm playing with the 1,31 Version.The game is instable.TOO MUCH BUGS!the game crash very oftenHave a good day."
76561198014209257,Not Recommended,415200,26547363,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,phillip.ma,"For now, I'd just wait until they figure out some of the bugs. Seeing the SEGA logo, I thought maybe it was coming with big production value. Boy was I wrong.The game's algos are simplistic at best. Definitely not what I expected. You really only watch out for 3 things in the game. Position, fuel, and tires. They give you ""strategies"" but they almost never work the way they're supposed to. I can get within a couple feet of the car ahead and tell them to pass the car and you'll notice nothing different other than fuel burn. You can also pull into the pit lane and if you don't immediately change your strategy, even though you're going slower, tire wear and fuel burn will still just carry on as if you're racing.Passing in this game is just a joke. There is NO logic to how it works from what I've seen. I could have the best specs, the best drivers, and I'll still watch someone cut inside and pass me while my driver decides to make a wide turn.There are absolutely no penalties or reprocussions for AI when they decide to smash up your car. You basically just lost the race because someone ♥♥♥♥ed you up. If you have to fix ANYTHING on your car, you might as well just call it a day.I'm just disappointed. I went in really excited for this game. I'm just completely disappointed."
,Not Recommended,415200,26547748,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,massdev,"Won driver, team, promotion tier 3 to 2 first season. Both drivers retired. No driver will sign for my team in the second tier even the fing unemployed. New car spent 20 million is worse than last years car. Tried to sign 3 unemployed mechanics, all get ♥♥♥♥♥♥ off at me guessing what compensation they want.I'm at the start of first race with 3 fill in drivers a fill in mechanic and no hope of placing anything but 19th and 20 in my new 20 million pound car.What utter ♥♥♥♥.How about give me realistic targets, how about those targets give me a clue about how much compensation they want. How about the owner kisses my ♥♥♥ for at least a week considering we just got promoted. How about the owner actually kicking in some money for the new car.The owner of my newly promoted tier 3 team with no drivers, no money no mechanic and a 20 million dollar car expects me to be 5th in ranking in tier 2.My job is also at risk. FML.Miracle Patch?"
76561198007505912,Not Recommended,415200,28313011,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Badger,I would have given this game a good review but as it crashed after I had won my first race it has to be thumbs down! I hate crashes!!
76561198100411839,Not Recommended,415200,34459016,Posted: 24 August,all,Makrj,we need chinese
76561198003015434,Not Recommended,415200,26550545,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Ghostpro71,"It's hard to recommend this game when it has a few gamebreaking bugs one of which is where each season your car gets worse to the point of by season 5 (which takes a while) you're still not progressing at all.  You still finish in the bottom half of the league.Another bug is when you do your setup during practices, your car is better and faster if you get all great smileys but if you get the fantastic smileys, you're slower.Come on, wasn't this game QA'd at all?  These are glaring and gamebreaking bugs."
76561198002320802,Not Recommended,415200,28128230,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,philipbutler72,"Ive got the mobile version of this game which i love playing on the move, so I was overjoyed when this version came out it loads great but after the first race the game freezes and crashes, even on a restart I cant start the 2nd race, which is really annoying, this happends even with the latest patch  - what utter rubbish and a waste of money"
76561198002656278,Not Recommended,415200,26601377,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,davidshaw2,I thought this was one of the worst games ever made. I take the top team and i can't even get a top ten postion even when i am 2nd on last lap i finish way down the grid. The actually gameplay does not even look like what you see in the preview i have uninstalled it after i think 3 races. I am going to ask for a refund i would not even have this if it was free not worth clogging up my laptop up with it.
76561198116557496,Not Recommended,415200,33003321,Posted: 29 June,all,Slippi,♥♥♥♥♥
76561198340510536,Not Recommended,415200,32848804,Posted: 27 June,all,iamFerriz,Too difficult
76561198287032457,Not Recommended,415200,32912547,Posted: 27 June,all,RexFortis,"The game is trash, and the developers know it.  That's why you have to control 2 cars simultaneously on the track to divert your attention away from the fact that it's trash."
76561197964501720,Not Recommended,415200,26589690,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Jokeri,"This game should not be named motorsport manager it should be named mario cart manager.-Tire degratation is not explaned, info says softs can do 9 laps but you can only do 6-You never know exatly how many laps have you done. Have you done 3 laps or are you in the third lap?-99% setup has no effect on race out come. Even if you have 70%-80% balance on you car you'll end up 10th or what ever your target position is in order to get the bonus.-You have brand new soft tyres and AI player with used medium tyres breezes past you like you dont have engine in your car.-How much does the tyre temps effect the tire degradation, not explaned.-What are the optimum tyre temps, not explaned.-You have to waste time to some votes that dont  make any sence.-You have option to do 2,4 or 6 laps in practice but you only have time to do 2x2lap to compare setups.-Race engineers are idiots, you have to pay 100000 salary, singing fee and god knows what and all they can do is to give you area estimation where the optimum is and usually its completely wrong.-There is no driver feedback after the raceThis feels like mortal combat game in concole. The better you play the harder it gets, why? Just because..This is concole game, dont by this console crap.."
76561198095785490,Not Recommended,415200,26534037,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,spacedoktor,"i have played few races ,- races engine have to much bugs- way that cars overtakes is bad- car behavior is unrealistic- repairing engine and gearbox in midle of race is also stupid- way how to improve car setup can be better- 20 min of practise is to short- 12 min of qualification is also to short- there is no 3 practise sessions and there is no 3 qualification roundsthis is not good game it is same as sand castle compared to real castle, it is like bunch ofpre-school kids made gameedit : brakes overheating on oval race almost got hearth attack"
76561198333859898,Not Recommended,415200,26545634,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,nuby72006,It should have a possibillity to edit names. It is disappointing to buy a game with such a missing part of it. It would be a very good game. Who is going to play this ?
76561198008352736,Not Recommended,415200,26568322,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Levsha,"Don't!!!! Just don't!!!! You should not buy it! Never! It's not more than ordinary time killer. For few hours. Maybe four. Doesn't worth the money. Really. Could buy it for, dunno, five?! bucks. No more. Really.I did mistake. I've played that piece for more than two hours, so I couldn't refund it.Damn!"
,Not Recommended,415200,26518499,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,NiKkeR,"It's more like ""rng text game"" .. I was expecting a lot, 'cause I played this on mobile for a while and it was fun"
,Not Recommended,415200,26513740,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Pity | Waffles,"Honestly, this game looked absoulutly great in the Tutorial, I loved how everything looked. But, once I actually started playing, it started to get extremely boring. You would literally click a couple buttons, and ""affect"" the outcome of what happened. Once that was done, it would go on for another 20-30 minutes of complete sitting their, watching the cars go round and round and round! You would have 3 options : Increased fuel consumption, increase your speed, or whether u wanted to pit or not. This game felt like it should be priced at around...say 10 bucks. Not ♥♥♥♥ing 35. There is nothing fun about this game at all. But, if your into what I listed above, then go ahead, waste your money on this game, while im going to be playing some other♥♥♥♥♥♥for HALF the price. Good LuckPlease and thanks, if you would refrain from the ""hey, you have only played 30 minute u♥♥♥♥♥"" comments, i have only played 30 minutes of playtime because there was nothing in the game itself. Sure maybe there was a couple things i missed, but probably would not have affected the review at all. Thanks for the ""helpful"" feedback. (and btw Dr.Dingo, THIS IS A REVIEW. I AM INTENTIONALLY SAYING WHAT I ♥♥♥♥ING DONT LIKE ABOUT THE GAME....)"
76561198057671483,Not Recommended,415200,28835861,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,ThePassiveAgressiveDuvet,"Crashed instantly.Macbook Pro 2015 13"""
,Not Recommended,415200,26510805,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,MR. ARMAGEDDON,"This game is so realistic. For a example: 50 % of the drivers are female, just like in real life Formula One (and other motorsports)!"
,Recommended,415200,30757540,Posted: 26 March,all,bait716,"Well, all it took was 9 hours over 2 days during the free week to hook me. This game is GREAT. I've been following development of this game since I found their original app for iOS. I always knew I'd pick it up eventually, but getting to try it free for a week and then picking it up at discount was a really sweet deal!"
76561197967524117,Recommended,415200,30744162,Posted: 25 March,all,darshie76,"What a pleasant surprise.I am a fan of management games; sim-something, as long as it is engaging and not drifting from the usual. I have a long story with Football Manager, and related sport games; so when I heard that there was a new simulation made for autosports; I had to check it out, and glad to see that Steam had a promo on it, and a free weekend.The game feels ""right""; it is not too complex to scare away people; has a nice UI and overall, you have a clue about what is going on, even if you never played other management games. It reminds me a lot of an old EA game made as F1 simulation from the perspective of the management and not of the pilots. Fundamentally the game is very similar to this one; where you get a team, race, and try to win the chanpionship.here you don't drive, but you direct. You start giving directions to the R&D to improve one or more areas of your car; sign pilots, sign mechanic, designers and technicians, and then begin to test your car on the various tracks, while the season goes on. I had the chance to try only the ""F1"" equivalent; and I was sucked in the game mechanic, which is brutal but very clear: you need to balance things and check what your pilots and engineers suggest, if you want to have a chance.The game:You have mostly a static screen with various options; no fancy stuff here; you go in the various sections and decide where to allocate money. You can expand your base of operation with new and expensive equipment, or invest in research to improve the car (or both, if you are in a big  wealty team). The whole season is a rinse and repeat of the same: practice, where the pilots tell you how they feel about the setup; and you change 6 parameters that are reflecting in the ""handling"" ""speed"" and ""downforce"" categories. You start with bars where the engineers give you the min and max suggested for that track; then start to experiment, getting feedback from the pilots, and changing things accordingly.Practice and 3 qualification stages are fundamentally the same; you run few laps, change settings based on feedback (and time on track of course), few laps and so on. Keep in mind that practice is the only time where pilots are more vocal, and you can gain XP to let them improve on that particular track. During qualification you mostly do minor tweaks, so get the setup as polished as possible during the practice.The race is a bit different, since you have to manage fuel, wheel consumption and overall car efficiency. Push too hard and the engine blow up; too aggressive and the pilot will crash or will eat up too much fuel and wheel will degrade to the point where they will end up last.It is a game of chess, where you observe the situation, take some risks and hope that you did the right thing. No 2 races are the same, and even the fastest car could end up loosing, if your strategy is poor.So far the game has been harsh but any fault was because of me not doing things right; not because I had no clue of what was I doing (or not doing). If you fail, it is because you are not careful or listen enough. Although going for a stronger team makes everything easier; so it si not exactly like with football manager games, where you have a certain degree of outcomes.Graphic is fine; nothing fancy but the game doesn't need it; the UI is clean and straightforward. The music is a bit repetitive, but you can use yours. The sound effects are nice; I just wish that they would put some audio clips, instead everything is text based. This is 2017, you would expect voiced acting at least.I would suggest to give it a try, if you are looking for a good simulation of auto sports."
,Recommended,415200,30746772,Posted: 26 March,all,Sarcastic Cat,The only and the best motorsport manager on the market. Nuff said
76561198168011425,Recommended,415200,30716415,Posted: 24 March,all,Secco,"English/PortugueseEnglish:I strongly recommend this game!It’s just amazing how the calculations are so precise and awfully exciting.OMG, Devs… I guess I’ll have to sleep a little bit less from now on. Congrats for the professional job you’ve done in order to achieve such an astonishing and entertaining game like this one.Of course, there’s always room for improvement, like characters faces, some profiles, graphics etc. But, the most important features, which are: racing in 3D, excitement, and mathematics… oh boy, you guys rock!  I’m a big fan of your work from now on. Thumbs up!Portuguese:Só posso recomendar esse jogo para todos os amantes do automobilismo.O trabalho realizado pela equipe é simplesmente sensacional. Os cálculos são fantásticos e o jogo é realmente viciante. Como disse acima, sempre haverá lugar para melhoras: As fotos dos personagens envolvidos, alguns perfis, a parte gráfica do 3D etc.. No entanto, o mais importante, foi que os desenvolvedores conseguiram dar emoção real à corrida nesse game. O difícil será conseguir para de jogarResumo: Extremamente recomendável!P.S. Para quem não domina o inglês, o jogo pode ser totalmente jogado em português e a tradução não decepciona em nada."
,Recommended,415200,30716758,Posted: 24 March,all,Kenshin_Gaming,So Epic The Game is Best for Those who Dream Becoming a Motorsport team Manager
,Recommended,415200,30719615,Posted: 24 March,all,BaL0R,Nice Game!
,Recommended,415200,30719334,Posted: 24 March,all,cashew | wildcase.com,"This game is by far, one of the best games I have ever played.Why you should get it:-Interest in strategy (somewhat rts)-Interest in cars/racing-Interest in managing-Interest in competitive games-Mostly realistic-Personalization options-Nice graphics-Not very demanding in performanceHave fun!"
,Recommended,415200,30715570,Posted: 24 March,all,Connor,I am not a racing fan and this kept me interested. I could see how it could get repetative but there is a lot of depth and plenty of things to tweak. 7.5/10
76561198259985314,Recommended,415200,30691939,Posted: 23 March,all,calvingrad77,It is a really good game I recemend it to how ever like motorsport.
76561198050727403,Recommended,415200,30722862,Posted: 25 March,all,colinsv650s,"Finally someone has made a reboot of Grand Prix Manager from way back when Microprose made the best of games (such as the original xcom).The best part about it is... it's actually good.  I've only had it a day and I've spent hours just going through menus and looking at possible drivers and staff etc so it is clearly going to be a massive time sink.  Sure, there are a few annoying little bugs but nothing super dramatic yet.  This could all change as I work my way through the divisions and get into the bigger championships but this is definately worth the half price deal that I paid for it."
76561198047866376,Recommended,415200,30741695,Posted: 25 March,all,briman44,"I think it only right to get this up before the weekend.  I really enjoy this game. WITH ABOUT 25 IN SO FAR it is very worth it. I find myself cheering my driver on, and feeling true accomplishment when I meet the sponsers requirments. About 10 hours to learn which I found not too bad but to my surprise it is deeper than it may appear. This baby has teeath and you have to take your time a pay attention. Challenging without being annoying, deep without an overwelming amount of content that takes weeks. Instead I will gladly play this for weeks. Hope you will too"
76561198078132306,Recommended,415200,30748480,Posted: 26 March,all,EradicationGod,"Compelling gameplay, lots of fun and really good tension build-up ingame.Although there still is some room for improvements in upcoming patches, it should be clear this game is currently one of the best in it's genre.I would also like to emphasize the moddability of the game.Although originally an unlicensed product prohibited to use any original names of teams, drivers and sponsors,the modding community made some really good works of art in this department. All which is easily accessed and used through Steam Workshop.Hopefully Motorsport Manager has a bright future, and brings us an even more immersive Motorsport Manager 2 as a licensed racinggame. Keep up the good work over at PlaySport Games."
76561198073823982,Recommended,415200,30773314,Posted: 27 March,all,Gemo,Awesome ...
76561198009599137,Recommended,415200,30697784,Posted: 23 March,all,417Shriv,"You know you have a classic game on your hands when you are compelled to learn about a sport you know nothing about because the game it's modeled after is that damned good! I've played over 241 hours and I still can't get enough of this game. This is how you make a great game folks. I've never written a review for a game before, not even for my beloved Football Manager series, but I had to for this gem. The developers are constantly tweeking the game to improve it's many features. Interviews with the media were horrible at first but to their credit they've made them better and more impactful. My only complaint is the fragile mod support system within the game. One update breaks any mod you've applied to the game. BTW, if you want to get the most out of the game, download Enzoli's mod from the workshop. Real drivers, teams, tracks, series, sponers etc., it's the best mod out there hands down. 10/10 for this game."
,Recommended,415200,30701715,Posted: 24 March,all,Wippo,"I know nothing about Motorsport, but i find this game very entertaining"
76561198004511473,Recommended,415200,30683251,Posted: 23 March,all,suv2208,Great game constantly improving with every update!! must have for any racer!!
76561198050387334,Recommended,415200,30684270,Posted: 23 March,all,COCOPOP,"Well after playing the free week version for 4 hours, i decieded that this game is worth the purchase, it defintly worth 24.99 so getting it half price is a no brainer, i also brought the dlc because i think the delevolpers deserve more than 12.49 for this game. i enjoying the mods. the only thing that i am slighty dissapointed in is there are only 16 tracks, so hopefully they add some more in the coming months, overall imho if you like managment games and like motorsport quickly try this game for free and see for your self how good the game is."
76561198151076185,Recommended,415200,30707372,Posted: 24 March,all,Dale200101,"I think that this game is great but there is one big problem to do with one of the DLCs. The GT Champoinship DLC came out about a month ago and I haven't got it so it shouldn't affect the new games I create, but it does. I don't see why it should when I don't even own the DLC that produces the affect."
76561197992377642,Recommended,415200,30784281,Posted: 27 March,all,PinkiesBrain,"I really like it- sometimes i just want to do 1 or 2 races and then do sth else and end up in playing until 4am... think thats a good thing for a game.I cannot really compare it to other management games since the last one i played was about 15 years ago - so sry for that.But I think it is deep enough to give a good challenge and good feel of making decisions while it keeps other parts simple to have a good flow in the game.The races are tense and the decisions to be made like pit stop strategy and driver aggressivenes and so forth have a big impact on the races.Sometimes you really feel and cheer for your drivers like in a real race.Graphics are neat and the performance is great. Sound is ok though I think engine sounds could be better.The Game is challenging - depending on your experience dont expect to finish every race first or win the championship first season.I enjoyed following an underdog racing team for multiple seasons and bring them to the top a lil bit more season for season.I strongly suggest to play with the  ""ICE 17"" Mod. It completes the game at the exact right spots and makes it even more deep. (no gamebreaking bugs encountered so far)So overall If you like racing and managing games this is really for you I can totally recommend it- no downsides found.And although I got picky recently with buying games - especially at full price - this game was and is well worth it."
,Recommended,415200,30758763,Posted: 26 March,all,longshotnl,"I really like this game. I played it 3 days straight now. Was free to play for a week, got hooked, bought it.It is a game where you play as a manager of a racing team. You scout and recruit members. Improve your car and build buildings that improve development. Then your team races and you can time when your tires need to change refuel. Of course the goal is to get as high as possible. I chose a limping team so i can be responsible for the teams success.A nice feature of this game is that the game experience changes over time because new rules are voted upon by you and other managers which will be active next racing season. There are a fair amount of these rules so each season is different. To get money, get sponsors.I think a good ammount of work went in to this game. It works pretty stable and has many features.It still has some bugs i hope they intend to solve:- When there is thunder/lightning the game crashes, happened once.- Finishes are not correct. Sometimes i finish a few rounds to soon because i am a few rounds behind. Also the game waits for cars that should already have finished.- At the start of a season you can buy engine parts. But if the rule is engine is fixed you should not be able to choose one.- Before you race you can choose what type of tyres you bring. But what i want is depending on the size of the fuel tank. This i can not see  at this moment.- The weather report does not show your place in reference to the weather but the pole position it seems. It would be better so show the positions of the racers there.- Scrolling trough the car parts in a car is choppy.- Its not clear to me if the weight of the fuel has any impact on the race.- After ending a race in fourth place the stats of my driver went down 200% and i don't know why.I don't like the part of the game where you have to tune the car before a race or test or quallification. I hope they make an option or rule to do it automatically.All in all i think its a great game but it needs a little but more work."
76561197999496872,Recommended,415200,27157141,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,dannylightfoot99,"Superb. A challenge at first, even with the very good tutorial, it will take a few races to really get in the rhythm. I started poorly in the lowest category, so much so was given an ultimatum to come 3rd or face the sack! I'll admit I was very frustrated and worried that I would need to restart all over...then I won the race!That was then the start of something special, from there on in, my lowest position of either driver was 5th! Simply, this was a case of learning from mistakes, you will make mistakes or miss out on doing something important which costs you hugely. I ended up winning the championship in my first season with a 1-2 finish. This, having been so close to being fired only 7 races prior! I've now moved up a league and it may prove tricky, but I am confident I can punch above my weight. So much so, I somehow managed to convince the 'Max Verstappen' equivalent (a 19yr old Dutch driver with huge stats and potential!) to move to my team! Not sure why he left his World team after one season?!? He is costly, but I think if I give him a good car on good setup, I could easily be challenging up in the higher echelons. I kept my title winning 21yr old from my first season on a cheap contract so hopefully she'll continue to give me strong performances for a cheap price!Advice would be to concentrate on:- Setups, once I understood the mechanics and found the best way to test, practice and refine the setup process, I was often going in with figures in the 90%'s and performance was greatly improved.- Performance vs. Reliability - tweak and play with the mix between performance or reliability. I eventually figured out I could bang out quick reliability developments and still manage performance upgrades before the next race- New Parts - make sure you buy new parts in every single gap between races (unless it is end of season). Stick to those with base upgrades and reliability enhancements.- Don't be afraid to spend - All season I was around the -4million mark, it seems mad to live life in the 'red' but this guaranteed I was able to continue the development and build a strong car. Note, I actually ended the season making an overall profit, so don't be afraid to stay in the negative. Though it did mean I missed out on some dilemmas as I had no cash to spend!- Don't think you can take your eye off the race! I'll admit it is a bit of a bore sitting watching every lap, but if you don't keep an eye on your tires/fuel all of a sudden it will be too late and your car is barely moving and you lose 20-30secs! Keep on top of your cars and pit stops and it'll be a breeze.Overall, well recommended, a great game for a simulator enthusiast and once you get over the initial hurdles and learning curve, you'll be smashing it out!"
,Recommended,415200,27163423,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dr. Boom,Best Motorsport Manager around
,Recommended,415200,27054942,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Peak,"As a lover of both racing and mangager/tycoon games, this game ticks all the important boxes. I've nominated it for the ""Just 5 More Minutes"" award, and it truly deserves it as this game is addictive enough to make you late for a date, no matter how how they are."
,Recommended,415200,27055219,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jabbawocky007,"Complex enough to keep you busy, and really diving into the nitty gritty bits for your team to have as much as an advantage as possible throughout the season. Yet also simple enough to not overwhelm you with endless decisions.Very balanced, and there's no feeling like watching your drivers fight for a win/podium in the last few laps. If a game can make me fist pump and shout in excitement, then it's a great game.9/10."
,Recommended,415200,30929312,Posted: 3 April,all,F1 God,A fantstic game. Tops the phone version and any other racing management game that I've ever found. There are a couple of things that I think Playsport should take from Racing Manager 2014 like the editor and R&D section. There aren't any major faults that I could mention will this game - top job.
76561197997636057,Recommended,415200,27135430,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Phasmatic,"Great game, lots of settings to tweak,be warned that hours can go by without even realising...."
76561197993134684,Recommended,415200,27365932,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Old_Man_Tosak,"Needs a lot of work. Money hard to manage, too many bad parts on new season cars, and drivers! Could be a nice game with some updates!"
76561197994181828,Recommended,415200,27361881,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ernani,The Best F1 manager ever created
,Recommended,415200,27386928,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,king nothing,"Love it, sunk so much time into it already."
,Recommended,415200,27382845,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,gamermikey,"I've been dying to be able to play this game ages. I bought it 2 days ago and practically haven't moved from the computer since lol. Absolutely impeccable game but there's a thing that's come up that's ruined it for me, I don't know whether people are experiencing the same issue or it's just my potato of a computer (somehow runs the game well, though).I was able to play *almost* an entire season in tier 3, with two of the best drivers in the game, one of the best teams in tier 3 and had got up to 2nd place - 6 points behind top. Come to the last race, finished 4th and 5th (£1.4m bonus!)... CRASHED! I just thought ""okay, maybe I've been on too long"", so I left it for an hour to cool down and came back, same thing happened, so I repeated the process but leaving it for 3 hours to cool. Nope. Still crashing.So I started a new season to see if it was my save, but it crashed after the first race. So I then started a new season in tier 2 to see if it was tier 3 causing the issue, but, nope. Not that either. I don't know what's going on. :(FYI: I put Yes to recommend because the game is absolutely incredible, just let down by a few bugs which I'm sure will be sorted out in the future."
76561198050076108,Recommended,415200,27307954,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Owen,"good game, Hope the game can support multiplayer game soon"
,Recommended,415200,27310885,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,MrLasha,"For motorsport fans who enjoy what goes on beyond the track this game will give you hours of joy.Having gone through two seasons I yet to discover all parts it brings ralated to team mangement, building the right buildings to give you an advantage and more.The only thing that annoys me is that there are a lot of strange things going on with the cars on track. You can pass 5 cars and then suddenly just drop back as fast as you went past them. The difference in lap times from one lap to another can also vary very much without any apparent reason, so some races feels more like a lottery than great management."
76561198017868372,Recommended,415200,27303537,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ales,I always wanted to be an f1 chief. It isn't dificult however it takes some time to master. In the end you wish it was even more complex:)
,Recommended,415200,27079138,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mr Piggy™,"For anyone who is a fan of F1, GP2 etc... This is definatly a title you should buy."
,Recommended,415200,27260627,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dragiat,"One of the best games this year,I recommend it specially when you like F1 or Managing games.Its hard to get into and the tutorial is not all that helpfull.But when you get each part of the game its really well done.Some little improvements are welcome ofc."
,Recommended,415200,27265004,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mass,"First impressions of this game.This game makes you think ahead, what tyres to use and when, what are the other drivers doing and what type of style are they using. In order to beat them you have to make all the right decisions as one slip up can cause you to come dead last. Basically what a strategy game for motorsports should be like.Only downside of this would be the visuals of crashes that happen, skidding and other possible events in F1. Would be good to have more detail. Now only to wait for mods to become available to see if i can add these features."
76561197987027019,Recommended,415200,27231536,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,zOmbIE,"The AI is dumb, there are bugs.  It's still addictive."
,Recommended,415200,27233901,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,≡ Flourish7 ≡,Probably the best racing management game of the decade
76561197979611526,Recommended,415200,27240079,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,LizTube,Love this game. Didn't think I would have as much fun managing a race than driving. 10/10
,Recommended,415200,27405583,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Player 1,Amazing!!
76561198053522902,Recommended,415200,27168011,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,afifarif90,Awesome game.9/10
,Recommended,415200,27189420,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Jartsa,"This game is nice time killer, starting from the worst team there is an when you finally achieve your first victory with it, it feels very rewarding, Downside is that it does get very repeatitive."
,Recommended,415200,27198858,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Damienn,A game worth investing your time into. I'm hooked. 10/10.
,Recommended,415200,27113422,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sikret Kamuflađič,"I don't write reviews but I have to write one for this game. Simply put, this game is fantastic. Be warned, however, that it is not a full on simulation. It's a beginning, the first game of many I hope.PROS:- YOU are in charge. Fire, hire, improve, design, scout, improve hq, vote and manage the race strategy,- Very simple and not too complicated.- Each season can be different, depending on the voting outcome.- You can change the car's livery.- Watch races in real time 3DCONS:- Interviews., Bad and repetitive questions which sometime do not reflect what just happened in the race. For example, if you are the worst team and manage to finish in the top 10 or slightly lower, against all expectations, the interviewer will treat it as a disappointment.- No control of pit stops- Some options lack explanation. For example, when designing a new part. It feels like some ""perks"" are random and sometimes you have to break rules when designing a part."
76561197995986158,Recommended,415200,26653562,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,b4ckbl4st,"I have waited years for a good motorsport management game to come out, ever since playing Formula One on the Spectrum I wanted something on PC to match that game. Well Motorsport Manager matches that game and improves upon it but not by much. After playing 25 hours I have won the European championship in my first season and entered my second season only for the game to finish a race with 2 drivers stuck in the pitlane. This has led to me losing the save file and having to re start. It seems to be a common bug and hopefully there will be a fix soon but a little bit frustrating anyway. As for the game there is no design of your race car and little in the way of car design. The graphics and information are good and the racing is well represented. There is enough here to keep me interested until I win the World Championship but after doing it once I'm not sure I will come back to it again. Overall it is a good game but has a few bugs and its long term appeal may be lacking."
,Recommended,415200,26866965,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Moggy,"I've been waiting for this game to come out for a long time. Nothing has come close in the genre since Formula One by CRL for the ZX Spectrum. Now go away, i have a race to win."
76561198061613300,Recommended,415200,26824391,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Muad'dib,Het is te veel lekker~VES
,Recommended,415200,26839993,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mike Red,"First patch out, fixed the only ""gamebreaking"" bug (which meant progressing to the next season didn't feel satisfying) and continues to be a consistently solid game. Also an unexpectedly awesome game, considering I don't particularly like motorsports or football manager-like games."
76561197982891480,Recommended,415200,26842020,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Keesinho,"After waiting for decades for a good Formula One Management game, my prayers have been heard!The game is far from bug free (from minor like wrong winners announced in social media, to major like driver penalties not processed or sponsor objectives that are achieved but not paid out) but the experience is awesome!So far i'm almost done with my 2nd season, playing with the Van Dort racing team. And I must say it feels realistic! In my first season i managed to grab 1 win and 4 podium places. In the second season ,  its become a lot harder with Steinmann (Mercedes) and Scuderia (Ferrari) dominating the field. Still managed to grab a 2nd spot and I will be able to achieve the goal of getting 4th spot in the Constructors Championship.This game can be so much deeper and better, but in its current state its already a good game.My Verdict: 7/10If they manage to improve:- social media handling- contract negotiations- car building (seems to bug out every start of the season where you get the same tech as the 1st)It will become a 9/10 for sure.If you like F1 games and Management games, BUY!"
,Recommended,415200,26869719,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jimmy McAwesome,Its the sports management game I've always wanted.
76561198354906164,Recommended,415200,30925290,Posted: 3 April,all,callum853,This game is very good and i love playing it my only issue is that your constantly at the same race tracks through a season and i wish that in the future there are different race tracks added like a race in mexico or a race in france im not bothered where but i think it would b nice to be able to go to a new race track instead of being at the same place through out a season
76561197970614876,Recommended,415200,26945706,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,staceyf,Great Game Now and tons of potential.
76561197971417681,Recommended,415200,26949476,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Anacro,"Really good, addictive!  If you like management games you'll like this.  It's not as complex as say Football Manager, it's more accessible though.  This game doesn't stop surprising me, you can have the best driver, best car, best setup, yet something might pop up and throw a spanner in the works, be it something on track or off track, I also like the votes during the season for rule changes, helps keep it fresh. The only issue is that I think it's a bit SILLY to have so many women in the game, from drivers to mechanics,  Obviously they've made it that way to appeal to female gamers, I mean how many women drivers do you see in F1? Zero.   I sacked my female driver and female mechanics."
,Recommended,415200,26987308,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Katō Megumi,Getting to roleplay as Ferrari's pit wall strategist is a win. lmao
,Recommended,415200,26813455,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,viktor_allvin,Great game with a good balance between nerdery and fun.
,Recommended,415200,26811691,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Peppschmier,The best motorsport managment game on the market. I know there arn´t that many and this one clearly has some flaws but my god is it addicting! There is a lot of room for improvments and new features.I hope that the Motorsport Manager becomes a yearly thing with new gameplay mechanics and fresh ideas as it is the case with the Football Manager series.But as it stand it is still a great game for F1 or generally racing nerds with a lot of potential to become a managment game juggernaut.
76561198180651430,Recommended,415200,26753782,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,samholmes3017,"Just the write level of detail, but is begining to get repetitive"
76561198073416966,Recommended,415200,26539608,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Roycominutesoup,"This is a fun game if you love manager games, it's even better if you like racing games.Overall this is a fun and recommendable game for people who love being in control and building up a team from scratch.Would be nice to have pit planning, so you can plan some laps in advance.Also a way to save what the drives said during practice. So you know what you have to change on your setup based on what the drivers said."
76561198035097970,Recommended,415200,26760328,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,samirakasth,"The FM of motorsport. Love it, cannot stop playing"
76561198083673980,Recommended,415200,26516157,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Fretty52,"From the few hours I've played, the gameplay is great, much like the mobile game but way more depth added. The only problem is it's very dodgy to run. Despite being way over minimum specs it takes multiple attempts to launch without errors, and most often crashes at the first loading screen after the title sequence. Really hope they can improve this because the gameplay is perfect!"
76561198020363972,Recommended,415200,26765757,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,BrainPan Jones,"If you like simulation games and find yourself a fan of open wheel racing, this might be the game for you."
,Recommended,415200,26765835,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Stormfury,"I'm admittedly not a huge racing fan, but this game has me hooked. Ironically, I'm a huge soccer fan but I find Football Manager too complex and painful to play.  Motorsports manager has none of that tedious overhead. It's a blast and there is enough of an impact from practice sessions and crafting of car components to be enjoyable.This game is so much fun, I've already completed 5 seasons and can't wait for the next one.  If you're a fan of management sims, this is a MUST HAVE!"
,Recommended,415200,26838372,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,TioFuMLK,Much better and deeper than the mobile version. A challenging game for fans of motorsport and tycoon style games.
,Recommended,415200,26585281,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Maschinenbau,"If you like FM (not the forza motorsport) from Sega, and want Formula TeamThis is the oneThe only down side are:1. Only 3 Championship(s) you could play (the Europe Racing Series, Asia Pacific, and World Racing Series.2. That's Formula race car, and no other (yet) racing dicipline3. Not that many driver and staff you could get (unlike FM)The rest?All is good.Just Buy it."
76561198078464832,Recommended,415200,26585404,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Lynx88,Good game with possibility to be great with some expansions on sections like finacing. If you like management games and cars you'll love this
76561198338368889,Recommended,415200,26586616,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,HerneShadow,If you love your Motor Sport & you own a PC but do not have this game then there is something very very wrong. This game is amazing. It goes in to so much detail of team management & politics. For me this is a Must have game.
76561197990867009,Recommended,415200,26572969,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Vicious,"Was a big fan of the iOS version when it came out. Happy it's out on PC and even more in-depth than the iOS version, looks beautiful and plays like a dream. Just wish there was radio chat or some kind of voice over. Still haven't seen any crashes or pile ups. hope in the next update they let you play your own music. 10/10 for me great game."
76561198042283009,Recommended,415200,30910844,Posted: 2 April,all,Dan,"Very good, very addictive game,   not perfect, but an excellent opening title to what will hopefully become an annual game"
76561198041136706,Recommended,415200,26584653,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,petersly,"F1 manager Pro and Grand Prix 2 ARE great games, no discussion about it... But their age shows... And there was no good F1 management since.Until Motorsport manager. Somewhat more shallow that F1 manager Pro, but still pleasant experience."
76561198059249660,Recommended,415200,26797321,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,GeneralRambo,Fantastic game for the Motorsport Enthusiast. I will admit that i prefer Sports Car Racing over Open-Wheeled but i still love this game.
,Recommended,415200,26859047,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jamsque,Better than F1 2016
,Recommended,415200,30851455,Posted: 31 March,all,Neemulus,"Having pre-ordered this game I was really keen on launch to hopefully fill the managment gap in my Motorsport hobby.  I loved the mobile app and the promise of this was big.  From Day 1 I wsa impressed with it and the new DLC somehow makes this even better for me.  I love it, its everything I hoped for and more.  If you are a motorsport fan this is hands down the best manager game I've ever played and it strikes the right balance between fun and sophistication.  I'm not a great mind so the management of HQ and design and everything is at a simple but strong level, but its the in race action I love.  When to pit, looking out for yellow flags and managing fuel mean that every victory is hard fought and the loss on the last lap due to poor fuel management is a bitter pill as you turned the engine up for just a lap too long.  Just buy it, get the DLC and love it.    I've only had 40 hours on it and there is so much too it.EDIT : I forgot to mention it works great on a Surface Pro 3 i3 and above even in 3D mode.  So I can play it on a plane, train or anytime on the move.  Awesome..."
76561198161799618,Recommended,415200,30888591,Posted: 1 April,all,forcefieldkid,"I've clocked a fair few hours on this game now, and figured I would give it a review..First of all, as a racing fan, this is hands down one of the most engaging games I've ever played. I will play it for a long time to come and I'm already thinking about the Monza (Milan) race I'm set up to play tomorrow. Nothing like some racing on a sunday!Have I got new ideas for the setup and strategy? I didn't have a good time out there earlier in the season, I misjudged the weather and paid badly for it. I'm in my pre-season target position in the standings, but it's close, each race is a battle to hold that position and just when I think I've got my car development right where I want it, all performance and reliability neatly full and organized between my 1st and 2nd driver, my opponents just keep developing.. it becomes another race - against time and money - to get that new engine out and reliable enough for the upcoming race.I also took a risk in pre-season in my allocation for this years car, it didn't pay off though I'll know next time, which put me on the back foot from the jump, to say the season has been a challenge is an understatement. I went into it thinking aha, I've clocked it! I'll set my expectations high and let the money and fame flow. The game brought me back to earth with a bang.Going into the last 2 races, the pressure's on.It's experiences like this that draw you into the game, that give you that 'one more race' feeling and that trick of the mind that makes you think like you're a real team principal. That's the hook for this game, and it's backed up by stunning graphics and race simulation.Having seen the races in all different angles at this point, I think my favourite is top down 3D, it makes the circuits feel more alive to me, and the circuits are packed with detail. Everything you'd expect really, crowds with many littering the fencing around the track, tents, coaches, ambulances, cranes, all manner of buildings, helicopters, planes and on and on.. when the cars are flying round in this view, you could almost swear all the people are moving, walking, cheering.. and not just still in place. Suffice to say.. What they have managed to achieve with the simulation, and that's before you get to the generally superb actual simulation of high level motorsport on track, is truly incredible. Water on track, racing lines developing over time, and then washed away by the rain - the effects of which are excellent - safety cars, virtual and real, all types of rules and regulations all presented and processed accurately.Big thanks to the developers for delivering such a great core to the game.There could be more depth to the wider world, I don't find all that much interest in scouting as it currently stands, it feels more like an obligation than a vast world of racing to explore, perhaps after 10+ seasons the world will take more shape but I'd definitely appreciate more detail given to drivers and staff, more history, more.. seriousness. The people and their personalities can feel a little cartoony, in ways that have made me laugh out loud once or twice (my driver getting a crush on his teammate..) but for me, takes you out of the immersion of a real serious sporting world and I feel more balance can be achieved here with some thought put into the next installment down the road, you know.. in a way SI never bothered to do with the FM series.The HQ is a real cool feature, but I don't have that many reasons to keep going back, and all teams look the same and build the same (dependant on it's needs, but it's choices are fairly linear). With some different country or region variations, team colours and logos, and even specific buildings available for each team, you could easily see this becoming one of the shining parts of a future game. However, I wouldn't like to see it become the interface (click this building to go to scouting etc.), the interface as it stands is bright, clean, easy to understand and nice to use and look at.The car and car development screen is good, easy to use, some nice additions would be different background screens for the different areas, perhaps different parts of a garage/factory for backgrounds, and more individual staff to hire and interact with here would give this section more depth.There are a handful of random little things, like being able to save and copy setups, that I could mention as 'wants' here but I know others have covered these in more detail in reviews and posts, and I don't want to go looking for small negatives when I genuinely adore this game, it's absolutely brilliant and if you have even a passing interest in racing or sports management you NEED to check this out. If you've got this far then you're probably someone who already knows that create your own team has been added, which is a great addition along with liveries and a GT pack (should have come with more liveries surely?) so I'll just give a passing mention to those as an example of the great work devs are still putting into it.It's not perfect but it's damn close, and I can't wait to play it again tomorrow."
,Recommended,415200,30881495,Posted: 1 April,all,Myndpyre,"Think of Out of the Park and Front Office Football meeting the F1 series.   Always something to tweek and change.  Rule changes keep the game fresh, and plenty of replayability.  Ignore the interviews as all they seem to do is ask you about why your breaks suck."
,Recommended,415200,27558420,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Royalty™,Overall a pretty good game. Enjopying the progression through the season and lots to do.
,Recommended,415200,27550369,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,RallyDriva,"A must have for anyone interested in motorsports. Great depth, graphics, and detail."
76561198020962200,Recommended,415200,27525152,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Flopsidoodle,"As the title says, it's a motor racing management sim where you can manage racing teams in Formulas 1-3.  You are responsible for many different aspects including financial management, parts development, hiring and firing of drivers and staff, and of course making sure you meet the standards of the chairman.  The game has a similar interface to Football Manager, and while it may seem a little intimidating at first, there is a fairly detailed tutorial, and you'll find it surprisingly easy to get into.   A fun game with a good attention to detail without being overly-complex.  One word of warning though, all the teams and drivers are fictional, so no racing Mercedes or Ferraris for you."
,Recommended,415200,27515045,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,✪GOLDCAT #iamhero,Good Management Game : ))
,Recommended,415200,27526589,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Spotter5,Super fun. Building up a team is fun
,Recommended,415200,27509383,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Timonike,Amazing Game... That's it really! Great for fans of Motorsport and Strategy Games (Obviously) :D
76561198002202983,Recommended,415200,26576857,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Philibert,"As a long time Grand Prix Manager and Grand Prix World fan (since 1996, ,me old bones...) I can say this is a worthy successor!Finally the wait is over...Great game!"
,Recommended,415200,26527072,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,TheMrAJT,"Finally something that competes with Football Manager on the Motorsport side of things. Graphics are incredible, not overly complicated on the technical side, but enough to really knuckle down and fight for those results!!Some minor issues which need to be sorted, but should definitley be on shortlists for awards that's for sure!"
76561198026747909,Recommended,415200,27418041,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Panda,Just one race more...the civilization of motorsport....
76561198073662826,Recommended,415200,27465135,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Snake,solid game i reccomend it if your into the tactic side of motorsport
76561198115761602,Recommended,415200,30788487,Posted: 28 March,all,icemannfiqq211,"Coming from the mobile version of the game , this is quite an amazing leap . The car tuning options are limitless and it's one of the few racing team manager games that might stand the test of time due to the variability of the scenarios in the game itself . The DLC keeps things fresh too by breaking the mold of formula cars-only . 9/10"
76561198084433457,Recommended,415200,30821694,Posted: 29 March,all,ljones1986,If you like motorsport or manger sims in anyway this game is a must buy. Some great mods to ICE 2017 being the standout
,Recommended,415200,28588265,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,mulishajp,a very good manager game :)
,Recommended,415200,28627790,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Zenaliser,"I'm not a hard core gamer but I do follow F1 AFK since the 70's. This is the game for all of us who think about motorracing as a team sport. You get to manage both the car setup and plan for the extension of  your factory. You need to stay on budget but spend enough to get ahead of the competiton.They don't have a license from FIA but after playing the game for a while, it feels like a freedom. If it would have tried to stay true to the real world characters, I would have kept comparing and the game version of them would end up short.  The same goes for cars and rules, Plus that you start in 2016 and then time rolls on so you find yourself wondering on how to vote on rule changes for the season of 2020. That wouldn't have been possible for a licensed product.Now I need to get back and see if I should tell the drivers to run lean and conserve tires to gain a pit stop or push for an aggressive strategy."
,Recommended,415200,28641366,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Irsy,Probably the best blueprint for motorsport management games development in the future. Imagine multiple disciplines and variety of tracks with this game's format... managasm!
76561198089631638,Recommended,415200,28534686,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,jester1904,"This game is great. It's quite detailed both behind the scenes and on the track.Its immersion could be better in terms of team and personal ""relashionships"", but it's a new release so I'm sure the devs will keep things coming, and also the workshop will open so expect virtually never-ending new content."
,Recommended,415200,28480438,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Luna CarryGood,"Amazing game, everything that F1 fans have been waiting since the good old Micropose Grand Prix Manager"
,Recommended,415200,28012776,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Rushyo,"Nice to see a game properly take up the vacuum of classics like F1 Manager and Grand Prix World. 25 hours of gameplay so far and I've not hit a replayability barrier. The leagues are sufficiently different, and the rule changes sufficiently varying between seasons, that you cannot do the entire thing on autopilot like many previous games in the genre.Most of the complexity/dynamism is hidden in deceptively simple mechanics. Fuel/engine toggle interplay isn't obvious; there is sufficient variation between drivers/mechanics/designers to make decisions a decent quandary (if you're going for highest stars, you're missing a lot of the game), and even when you're performing well you seldom hit a point you can say ""I've tapped out my options this season"".For comparison, I've played 3 seasons as the 3rd worst team in the game and have just been promoted to the 2nd league, where I'm currently sitting last due to points only going to the top six teams. Although, tbh, that rule is about to get changed, and I've saved up some voting power to make it happen. When I do so, however, I'm wondering if I need to improve my 2nd driver's car, or replace the driver, because it will really help the team if both drivers are effective then rather than always pushing my 1st up the field. Of course changing the driver will reduce my loyalty rating, and I've improved their skills, and their mechanic relationships are really solid, so probably not. Also, I still have that horrific deficit going on. Fortunately everyone gets paid equally in this league, so I don't have to do anything drastic; I'll be brought up to parity(-ish) at the end of the season, and can compete properly. Esp. if I focus on qualifying, so I can maximise my sponsor payments, at the cost of potentially upsetting the chairman and getting nearly fired again...This sort of train of thought is typical of the game. It's not as deep as, say, Football Manager, but then that's not surprising given it's a first release in a very underloved sub-genre. For those who, like me, still pop back to play the 1999 game GPW, it's basically a solid replacement. It's not a sim, but it's an enjoyable, fun management game, with plenty of 'oh just one more race...' to it.To address some of the criticisms from other players:1. If you don't think you get enough setup information, this is partly to do with the practices being very short in your league, but even then if you can't reliably get 90%+ then you're missing something. If it was trivial to figure out, one'd argue it was too shallow...2. What happens on screen is a representation of what happens in the underlying mechanics. What you see on screen (cars randomly slowing down, weird overtakes, etc) isn't really happening, what happens is dictated by dice roll. This is how all F1 management games work.3. Cars do not reset to factory stats at the end of the season. They retain their core statistics. But then, so do other teams' parts. Designing parts and chassis' are different things.4. If your camera and menu are broken, it's probably a driver issue. That's not the actual game UI.5. Clicking skips the start screen after a few seconds of loading. Srsly. Not that hard.6. If you're both arguing the game is too simple, and that you never get anywhere and can't get a break and it's too hard, maybe it's more complex than you're imagining it."
76561198005853643,Recommended,415200,30973654,Posted: 5 April,all,10meghalfduplex,"A good game with a fair nod to the old grand prix manager, only wish i have is if there was a way to simlulate the race as running the race is a bit boring"
76561198136872240,Recommended,415200,28288372,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,bubblejohns,"maaan, this thing is sooo addictive i can not reccomend it enough! fan of racing, f1 in particular will probably like it but the management connoisseursmight find it lacking though. i do think it can have its b.s moments but that just adds to the glorious stress :D also i find moving up a class is a bit too hard unless youve spent years upgrading your H.Q"
,Recommended,415200,28177494,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,slovenian89,"Could use some improvements, but it's a very enjoyable racing management simulator."
,Recommended,415200,28178364,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,horizonmasters99,I played the mobile version for a long time and loved it. And I can say its an amazing racing simulator
76561198031814051,Recommended,415200,28123336,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Temür,"Very exciting game, bought this instead of FM17 hoping to try something different. Glad I did - this is a super fun game. I'd definitely recommend."
,Recommended,415200,28165584,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Kevin [NL],Best manager game i've ever played. It has its quirks so there is some room for improvement but you won't regret buying it. Highly recommend it.
76561198133996748,Recommended,415200,28441866,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,TORKAN,Even thow I have only played 5 hours I have to say that this game is really awesome. I like being able to control and have a say in almost every aspect of the team. I will be playing this a lot!The one con for me would have to be that you can't make your own team name. I would have really like to make my own team name and then build that into greatness.
76561198247538102,Recommended,415200,28412631,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,vicke1972,yes
,Recommended,415200,28413368,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,10Snipershot,Great game for those who enjoy the genre of mangement and simulation.For those who enjoy action games I'd say this isn't for you. You need paitence. Each race lasts awhile. You'll be staring at cars rounding circles for 20 minutes or so.I played the mobile version of this and was expecting something similar with 1 to 2 more features. WRONG.Entire game is different. In a good way.
76561197976282034,Recommended,415200,28429155,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Daf,"A nice little game but, it has faults and you can run around on the same tyres, no need to change them as you do in F1 today, lots of little niggles, i came 1st and yet my drivers didnt want to drive for me again,  as they wanted a higher team, idiots they were :)All in all a nice game, after a while you get to grips with it all, money is everything so look after it! Better to have reliablility than outright performance, as the end of the race you can over take the faulty cars.Dont leave your team to quickly, as the next will ask to much of you and you will be sacked, stay with your team and grow it into something big, keep looking for drivers as yours will leave and so will your tech staff.Good luck"
,Recommended,415200,28430568,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Topper,"Completely addicting, well rounded, the racing manager that is the best around since the old days of GPM2. Plenty of easter eggs, like driver development, random events that impact your team and your drivers, great graphics and incredible race strategy.Three different levels to challenge your team and management skills, rule changes that modify each level with votes to make additional changes througout the year. Race weekend has practice sessions and qualifying.An incredible accomplishment for a first gen game."
,Recommended,415200,28401744,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,adimY,10/10 would buy again.
76561198337791144,Recommended,415200,26622479,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,El Porto,This game is so awsome as you love motorsport and stratgy gamesi would buy as i am you
76561198020374336,Recommended,415200,28171205,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Welshowl,"Great game, brings back fond memories of F1 Manager!"
76561198020693964,Recommended,415200,28215303,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Gaijin Deviant,"I really enjoy football and Championship Manager/Football Manager. I also love Motorsport; so when I saw this and after reading a few reviews, I thought I would give it a go.My first start I thought I would go through the tutorial but as helpful as they are, I didn't like some of the decisions it makes you make. I restarted after I completed them and decided to make my own way. Starting in Tier 3 as The Predator Racing Team and it's meagre budget and massively underpowered /performing car, I started my first race and picked my Tyre and fuel setup, going for soft tyres and only a third of my fuel tank full for obvious reasons. My strategy worked out well and my best driver managed 12th place, not a  podium finish but if you have played the game you would understand how bad the stating car is and I felt like I earned it.I haven't played a huge amount of time yet but I know in the five or so races I have played that this is a fun game that I am going to enjoy spending time with. While probably not as indepth as Football manager there is still alot of Tinkering to be had, Staff, car and components, HQ upgrades, drivers with perks and skills. I still have not got to the end of the year but I believe I will have to purchase my chassis for the year, something I am looking forward and saving towards. You also have to vote in political dilemmas, example of this was I was asked to vote on teams using the same brakes the following season, I voted yes, as a small team this would be one less expense and work for my staff to do, it was voted in so becomes law next season.Very happy with my purchase, would be nice if there were a few additions or dlc a little down the road to enhance it but as it is now, it's a great game."
,Recommended,415200,28213103,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Nick Crompton,"Easy to learn, hard to master managment game with tense racing action. Motorsport Manager is some of the best managment games on steam."
76561198050084027,Recommended,415200,28264650,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Celtic Bhoy David,"If you like (or love) SIM games and you like (or, again, love) motorsports like Indy Car or F1 then you will enjoy Motorsport Manager.  The attention to detail in a lot of areas - mainly towards the race weekend - is excellent.  You always have to think about how hard to push your drivers - the harder you tell them to push the higher the fuel consumption, tyre wear, engine wear, etc, so you have to plan it out.  It's not the type of game where you can tell your drivers to go as fast as they can and then just leave it at that.  You also have to plan when to bring them in for their pit stops, whether it will be a 2 or 3 stop strategy, what compound of tyres for them to use, howmuch fuel to fill them up with.  Pretty much everything that involves a real life race day experience.Behind-the-scenes, you get options to design different - and better - parts for your cars as well from getting better engines to upgrading the suspensions.  These newer parts aren't cheap though so combine that with needing to upgrade your HQ so you can improve your drivers, your designers, your mechanics, as well as your car parts and you have a task on your hands because upgrading current buildings or building new ones is obviously much more expensive and you don't have an endless amount of cash.  The graphics are really nice and the attention to how the different race tracks look is very pleasing to the eye.  There's nice attention to detail from the smoke that comes from the tyres if a driver locks up his tyres to the spray that comes from the back of the car when the weather is rainy.  It's a very nice game to look at.  The only main gripe I have about the race weekend is that the time for the Practice Session goes by FAR too fast.  You have 12 minutes, but that goes by so fast that you don't feel that you've had a proper ""practice"" to tone your car.  12 minutes would probably be fine if the time went down in real-time instead of ticking by quickly.The main downside of the game as a whole for me is that there's no real depth to the behind-the-scenes section of the game.  There's virually no interaction with the drivers/staff apart from hiring or firing them.  More one-on-one ""chatting"" or interaction would be MUCH better - similar to the way you can interact with players and staff in Football Manager for instance.  The media reports are extremely limited as well.  When you get asked for an interview for instance you only get asked two questions and they are practically the same questions ALL the time, and I think even those are a bit screwy because one of my drivers had a good race but the 1st question I got asked was referring to how my driver had a ""testing weekend"".  I'm playing one of the Game Challenges and I am in charge of the worst race team in the game and when one of your driver's is 2nd on the grid at the start of the race and finishes 4th it's NOT a ""trying weekend"".  The end of race media report is the exact same one too, as are the reports on the Practice sessions.  The Twitter feed isn't too bad, but some of these tend to get a bit repetative as well.  I know you can't have a ton of reports but surely there can be a very good amount of varying degree's to the reports.This is still a very addivtive and enjoyable game, but if there was as much depth to the behind-the-scenes parts of the game as there is to the actual race weekend then the game as a whole would be MUCH better."
76561198037794978,Recommended,415200,28221596,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,piatl,"Hi,This game is very nice and fun, u don t need a strong computer to play it, game is easy to understand.Dev are aware about the community feedback and react to make the game better.+ + + + :Price is decent.Graphics are nice.Different strategy possible.Great choice of pilot with stats evolution.Upgradeable part of car , all over the season.Color your car as u like.Evolve your team HQ .10 different team ( 20 cars ).Different choice of race length.Hours of gameplay.Weather conditions !- - - - :IA isn't very strong, game is a bit too easy, few challenge.Few circuit.Few impact of media / interview.Money is very / too important.Impossible to create your own team.Pilots skills isn't very important on race result.There is a lot of good idea and a huge / great potential of evolution.I hope lots of good add-on will be created in future.Sorry for my English, have a good game."
,Recommended,415200,28170587,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Hoondarrh,I won't talk about the pros of this game because there are a lot although is a quite simple game in comparisson with Football Manager.There are a lot of potential to this game get bigger and I hope it gets.Would be nice if on next patches or next game we get more options like recruit the whole crew or other upgrades options for parts.Two things I didn't like about this game:-The feeling that the AI is using cheats against me. lol-No Interlagos and Monaco. ;_;
76561197965519468,Recommended,415200,28197478,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,| Smudger |,"i am enjoying playing motorsport but its a very addictive fun game and the game keep you on your toes at all times. it has a easy to use system but if your new to management games it has a ok guide that will explain and teach you as you go along. there is a little problem ive been having and that with the AI drivers, they usally ok with passing but other times they can be dumb and hit a slower car(no damage) which some time slow you down and can cause the other drivers to catch you or if your doing qualifying it can mess your lap up and some times the other AI dont listen to blue flag but these are now and again, also it be nice to see 3 qualify sessions instead of 1 cause there to many cars on track and like i said some time slow drivers can mess your lap up so that would be a nice feature and would make the game better, also there 1 track on this game that kind of need fixing and that phoenix oval track as it seem to be the most common 1 were your AI driver will hit another car instead of driving around or slower AI car moving out of the way but im sure playsport are making patches as we speak. but like a said these are just little problems and doesn't take the fun away from the game."
76561198040891549,Recommended,415200,28194800,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,xent,almost 200 hours played and Im still in love with this game
,Recommended,415200,28260847,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,jdfication,"Great game for anyone who like Formula 1, or GP3, or any kind of track racing really. Would be even better if you could customize driver names, team names, sponsor names, etc."
76561198011483539,Recommended,415200,28259570,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Pandito,"A good start it is fun but, not quite enough it has alot of small annoyances and i think on a sequal they will work them out.The planning up to the race the budget selecting your crew great, when it comes to the actual race not so much it becomes a bit tedious and annoying and if you get a driver that is biligerant even more annoying.  I would like to see an auto race option or you could purchase a team manager that will help guide you through the race or manage the race, and more book keeping and stats, or vice versa.All roung well thought out like the art style etc layout just a bit of tweek to gameplay."
76561198143532013,Recommended,415200,28259637,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Eggman the_duelmaster,One of the best games ive played. Ideal for strategy game lovers. If you like FM then you will ove this.
,Recommended,415200,28159480,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,TheNewNo2,"This is the first decent motorsport management game since the 90s (F1 Manager, Grand Prix Manager 2). The game is at once both suitably simplified but sufficiently complex - I like that you can manage the race strategy on the fly and react to things like safety cars. The races are fairly long so that they take up most of the gametime, rather than back room messing about. And even a bad team can win if they have good strategy and a bit of luck."
76561198026972398,Recommended,415200,29250273,Posted: 14 January,all,Yami Konjiki,"Great addictive fun game, even with its frustrating drawbacksPros:Off Race features:upgrade your cars with up to 6 different catagories of partsupgrade your buildings, build new ones, and enjoy the heaps of rewards they bringresearch new tech, unlock new and improved parts for your carshire and fire staff as you see fit, scout new talent, make a winning teamIn Race features:Implement team orders, increase power output at the cost of fuel, increase overtaking/aggression at the cost of tyre wearstrategise pit stops, will you change to a new set of tyres, refuel the car, repair a part, or try for 1 more lapwork out a winning formula, every race demands a very precise combination to win.cons:These you will find are the only real issues, and perhaps will be ironed out in the future:Qualifiers; theyre just a complete joke, there is no strategy or tactics, just heat your tyres and your engine... sounds simple but the tyres heat up 3x quicker than the engine, and the whole thing lasts a minute. be prepared to lose half of your sponsor cash every race because its split 50/50 with the qualifiers.Staff skill level; nearly all of the staff have a 2-3 star rating, and very few have any potential for improvement (which by the way is either painfully slow or a myth, as after 4 seasons of consistant pole position wins, 5 star potential drivers simply havent improved a bit), and you cant view staff traits or skill without scouting first which takes weeks.Cars reset every season leaving your 1st class highly researched polished pride and joy straight in the bin, and back to the drawing board, And the start of every season you are presented with a bunch of parts that are heavily damaged and it takes 2 races to bring these parts up to enough durability to sustain a whole race without having to sacrifice 20+ seconds in the pit"
76561197979603918,Recommended,415200,28396930,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,jt,"*Updated reviewThe developers finally stepped up to the plate and started to adress all the bugs in the game. I have no doubts that there are still many bugs left and maybe some were introduced as well. Nevertheless, the game works a whole lot better now and if the developers continue to show their commitment, I have no problems recommending this game. So many things are fundamentally right in this game but the experience was spoiled by all the bugs. The game was released too early, customers were treated as beta-testers, which is not acceptable – but it has finally been rectified. *It's been a long time since the developers communicated with the customers. As of now, there's no indication of the developers even trying to fix the latest bugs they introduced with their last patch. There are many positive reviews of this game but the bugs may not be obvious to everyone. Believe me, they are there and they are real spoiling the whole experience. Stay away from this game until the developers have communicated their commitment to fix this game.Amazing game until you start getting into the details. So much fine work has gone into this game, the graphics, the interface, the conceptualization of development, how you run a team and so on. Not everything is totally realistic in a racing sense but it makes you struggle with the same kind of problems a team does and it puts you in a situation where you have to make decisions in a way that FEELS realistic. But. And a big but. I urge everyone to stay away from this game until the developers have squashed the bugs. And there are plenty and a quite a few will make you feel very annoyed and frustrated. The biggest problem is the Blue Flag-problem (check the forums for in depth explanation) which can really spoil a whole race for both you and the AI. There are plenty of others maybe not so game breaking as the blue flag but still, they stack up and sooner or later breaks the player down. Unfortunately the developers doesnt seem to have a testing process in place and the latest release has done nothing but aggravate the blue flag-problem."
76561198031154738,Recommended,415200,28303579,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,canzirri,"Wow, just wow. Super impressed with the finished product that sega has put out having been let down alot by this years football manager (2017). Everything just runs smoothly and looks appealing to the eye rather than a bunch of graphs and numbers.I'm currently in my 4th season with ""predator"" and worked my way up to about middle of the field after getting use to the financial side of the game and figuring out how to invest and save money correctly. The game seems to move along at a quick enough pace but still have that feeling about it of been able to blow 150 hours on a save before it becomes easy.It feels alittle cut down (not to the point of an early access game) but you can see that they have left enough room for easy expandablity i.e New tracks, new championships, new cars.The rule change voting system is a really refreshing aspect of the game (Even if a vote doesnt go your way)."
76561198027501174,Recommended,415200,28299687,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,CorpseGroinder,"""Multi 21, Seb, Multi 21!""""GP2 engine, GP2. Aaargh!""""I've lost this race haven't I!?""""Last lap Kimi, last lap. All or nothing!""""What the **** did he do!?""""I should have known really that he's mental...""Those and other familiar comments will come to your mind playing or rather managing your RacingTeam, cuz this is a proper, fun manager sim"
,Recommended,415200,30965322,Posted: 5 April,all,BRETT RIVERBOAT,"Fun game that is a bit of a slow burner. Its suprising how much there is to learn here and sink your teeth into.Take your time, learn the ropes, don't be too quick to look at guides but it is worth it eventually."
76561198044484004,Recommended,415200,28001478,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Bearsky,"The game is better than I thought he'll be, the recent patches have fixed most of the small issues in the game (a new one incoming for qualifying) and I'm having a blast at trying to rise from the bottom of GP3 to F1. Even when you get the AI reccurent mistakes the micro-gestion is still fun.Just has to hope this will get an update (more content, user created team, etc.) maybe some modding too..."
,Recommended,415200,27964311,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Varpoxan,"Amazing game. I've been looking for a F1 management for over 15 years now. And this game delivers!!I'ts almost everything i seek in a F1 management.- Depth- Detailed car development- Hands-on approach during races.- Different race classes.- Changing rules and tracks during the course of a season.- Challenging gameplayAnd with the workshop in development, it will be even more awesome!"
76561198007872249,Recommended,415200,27972470,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Fendyen,"The race manager sim I've been wanting for years is finally out.  I've tried a couple others. Serious dissapointment. Almost gave this one a pass, but tried it on a friend's recommendation, and couldn't be happier."
76561197976218005,Recommended,415200,27968770,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Kurzschlussbaron,"""just 5 more minutes"" award"
76561198098668336,Recommended,415200,27916579,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Inspirelegend,Great game to hold you over while Formula 1 2016 season is overPro-racing strategybuilding a pre made under dog teamCon-f1 licensing to get real teams
76561197966455819,Recommended,415200,27569474,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,The DecideR,Awesome game!!
,Recommended,415200,27643406,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,DropkickPenguin,Best Motorsports manager available
76561198046949838,Recommended,415200,27647722,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Nismo 34,"Keeping it short, absolutely fantastic game. Not as in depth or vast as I would like for a management sim but it feels complete and well polished and you're able to quickly build an understanding of each area it covers but still takes time to master them. For the price this is an absolute bargain.This isn't a AAA title but this has been embraced. Rather than striving for everything and overreaching it feels as if realistic goals were set and the devs have perfected and polished the exact product they had intended.This isn't just about getting the quickest cars around the track, the whole works behind the team are manageable and although I said I prefer a little more micromanagement there is still plenty of areas to keep on top of. I have only played a short amount so far but I can see this has been designed for long lasting runs. There are aspects of the team you can invest in for the long term, creating your own legacy and bringing a team from the lower league to the top whilst slowly imprinting your own methods into its way of working. This, combined with the shorter term things such as individual car upgrades and team ""dilemmas"" keep you engaged and the game fun even when not competing in a race weekend.As well as the obvious things such as car setup, staff management, tactics and headquarter upgrades there are also some mechanics that are more original and interesting such as shaping the rules of each competition by way of votes throughout the season. Wether it's track layouts, race weekend formats, pit crew size or prize money allocation you can decide which way to vote or save your votes for things that matter more to your team to try to shape the next season to your benefit. With only 3 racing series included with the base game this ensures your racing series remain fresh even if you end up building a team up within the same one for several years and adds another fun way to add intrigue to the game.I could go on about the various aspects of the game: Driver-Mechanic relations, Marketabilit etc but these are all explained in the games description. Over all it's a great game and for the price an absolute no brainer if you love motorsport and are in any way inclined towards management games. It perfectly blends fun humour & broad management mechanics to allow this to be a long term time consumer for both sets of players."
76561197993761181,Recommended,415200,27777297,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,KoalaONthatEucalyptusDICK,I love this game. It is awesome!
76561198088119913,Recommended,415200,27906607,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Fury Kyo,"loving this game ... Nominated for the ""5 more minutes"" award! .highly addictive."
,Recommended,415200,27789521,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,BearJew,"You wanna manage. This game is for you. B-Spec that driver, choose those upgrades. Dont think, that's where you messed up."
,Recommended,415200,27938288,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Mick,"Great game, even if it has a few problems.30 hours in and I've only just been promoted with Predator Racing!"
76561198325511713,Recommended,415200,28005131,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Ferplexed85,"Completely addicted to this game!Few minor bugs here and there but can be expected from such a small dev team. Patches already in the works and plenty of tech updates along the way from the team. Some tiny annoyances from a personal point - layout of buttons, addition of others columns would be great but overall well polished.First season seemed slow at first (and abit frustrating being down the order in races) but about halfway through it i started to get the hang of the 'strategy' of the game and really started planning ahead for the season to come. Good graphics and UI, nice sounds and well polished in terms of loading times etc.Overall i highly recommend this game if you enjoyed the mobile version (this one exceeds that in so many ways) and if you enjoy motorsport and openwheel racing. If the rumoured Le Mans and endurance racing DLC comes out - or someone mod supports that - it will make the game awesome! Great premise to start off what i hope becomes a lasting game franchise."
76561198113217086,Recommended,415200,28074986,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,tobiascook1972,Great game that balances different aspects of race team management.
76561197960314958,Recommended,415200,27686333,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Lëgënd,Great racing simulation game.  Being newer still has a few small quirks that the dev team needs to sort out but overall still amazing.  Once they get all the little things worked out this could be the best game so few have heard about.
,Recommended,415200,27750842,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,priddsy,"It's a good game, something all motorsport management fans will enjoy without a doubt. I've just started my 4th season and the only major issue I have is I can't seem to improve the car season after season. I make sure to put away money so I can afford the best, but my choices are extremely limited, even though I've hired the best possible staff that I can.It might just be me missing something at this point, and if I can sort this out it'd really make enjoyment of the game that much higher."
,Recommended,415200,27742259,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,DouthyDuck,"Honestly just an excellent game.Once you start playing it you just keep telling yourself ""Just once more race"". Would totally reccomend this to anyone who loves Motorsport"
,Recommended,415200,33456997,Posted: 11 July,all,svety,Absolutely awesome!
76561198187588406,Not Recommended,415200,32833486,Posted: 26 June,all,Assassin,"After 50+ gaming hours, i have to change my review to not recommended. this game is totally random.previews (recommended review)Before: thought for days before buying it, didnt play this type of racing management games, dont like formula 1 in real life.After: Bought it, deserve more than 11USD price (sale), in love with it, 10 continues hours of playing after installing it. great game, i'll buy the next version for sure.thing to develop to make it even better: some cinematics, driver voices when communicated during races, some personal life event, better graphics.Update: After playing few hours more and couple of season more I found few cons \ Bugs1- It will get boring after 3-4 seasons, nothing new.2- no logic at all, example: I have one car which all good parts are fitted into it and one stock car and two similar drivers, whatever I change i get mixed results, giving the better car to a driver and he will get 16th and the one with the bad car will get 7th or stn, both run on the same setup and same time pit stops, when you again change cars same thing will happen.3- Pit stop will make you lose atleast 6 postion which somtimes its impossible to regain.4- AI is very very diffecult to beat even in tier 3!!!!5- its normal while racing to maintain pos 3 in the last 4-5 laps and in the final lap you will drop to pos 9, even if you and other AI dont change dirivng methods (engine and tyre wear) which is completly senseless.6- other fuew bugs, like AI driver changing tyers without pit stops!!!7- I finish 4 on the table but somehow I finished  2nd as exptected as per the chairman feedback!!! which is not correct.8- few inaccurate speaches \ talks in the emails...etcUpdate 2:1- its get boring after few seasons, and extremly hard specially when you are promoted.2- please make that screming man ow whistling man to shut up, its so annoying.3- make some cenimatecs and speches.4- using HQ bulidng would be great, making press conforences, team talk, using the test track to really test the cars. and parts, develop drivers by running tracks...etcwhy the hell you rest reliability of parts, all season efforts and gone in the next season and need to start again?? cant find a suitable reason for this?in few more gaming hours ill remove my recomendation of the game.this can has the potienal to be great, but still needs lots of work."
76561198051214193,Not Recommended,415200,33276161,Posted: 5 July,all,kenny31,cant download the extras for motosport manager
76561198007065494,Recommended,415200,33271008,Posted: 5 July,all,Pilious,This is an amazingly addictive game.  My wife and kids hate you right now Sega
76561198073521057,Recommended,415200,33279869,Posted: 5 July,all,josh.searle,"Great Game, played for 10+ hours and could play for hundreds more."
76561198392943684,Recommended,415200,33311162,Posted: 6 July,all,ditataris,One of the most exciting video games that I have ever played. A must play for everyone who loves motorsports .
76561198030885506,Recommended,415200,33345603,Posted: 7 July,all,doughnutdoney,"So I waited and waited and waited to get this in the Sales and eventually did and yes its worth the money but it can be very tough game to learn and start with. Dont start creating your own team from scratch it will be very hard for you especially in the first season to get everything together. I started with the Cobra team and had a certain Damon Hill as my lead driver. My team were predicted to finish 2nd to last in the constructors and for most of the forgettable first season it was like that...parts were designed all the time...parts broken in mid race all the time. This got pretty frustrating especially also when the cars kepr running out of the fun. This game is not easy to start with at all (unless you start with a bigger team). As time goes on your team will improve and become more reliable but you need to invest in a lot of time and patience in this game.Graphics are good...I recommend getting the mods (Im playing the 1989 one at the moment to bring back memories when F1 was exciting), sound is just one annoying tune though and the odd crowd and engine noise.So will I recommend this...well yes as its the only decent motorsport management game really around.7.5 / 10"
76561197990210335,Recommended,415200,33257359,Posted: 4 July,all,batl50,"After playing one season in game, I have a much bigger appreciation for those minnows in any championship out there.  You put on so many illegal parts, make dodgy pit decisions, scrape corners with financing, beg the chairman for more money...and when you get that 5th place finish, you want to jump for joy and hug your wife even though she is saying ""WTF are you doing playing a game at 3am in the morning?!"".The best part of this game is that it is casual enough for people like me who wouldn't be able to intuitively tune the camber correctly for a high speed track and tweak fuel injection but it is intense enough to make you want to sit and watch a whole session to make sure that your driver doesn't overshoot your fuel plan and ruin your pit strategy.  Awesome game and I hope the developer goes on to maybe do other series like stock car or MotoGP."
,Recommended,415200,33276382,Posted: 5 July,all,ILSB/Patrick,"Amazing game. I was always a fan of manager games (mostly football until now). I decided to test this game because it was in sale and already like it a lot.It's very realistic and detailed,and all the mods for real drivers and teams make it even better. Managing my own favourite drivers and teams. I look already forward to future patches and updates,which will make this game even better.If you like motorsport and realistic management games,buy this game. You won't regret it."
76561198362657842,Recommended,415200,33282699,Posted: 5 July,all,alihanzor,"Strongly recommended Awesome game If you like management and motorsports,this is for you"
,Recommended,415200,33283066,Posted: 5 July,all,Screaming Cowboy,Very addictive.
76561198027818930,Recommended,415200,33302041,Posted: 5 July,all,kenz,"I am enjoyed this game tremendously despite not being a fan of F1 racing or racing in general.I have 214 games in total and I have not had so much fun in a long time!The beauty of this game is its ability to captivate non racing fans and provides a nice combination of competition, strategy and money."
,Recommended,415200,33399092,Posted: 9 July,all,ChipN,to play this game you need to reserve sooo much of your real life time
76561198101617091,Not Recommended,415200,30104486,Posted: 22 February,all,Kesko,"I have already invested a lot of hours in this game and I loved this game at first.You have lot of strategic possibilities, the game is fun, runs well on bad computers etc.You might think, why do you still dislike the game ?It's easy, the community is crying for a blue flag fix, but it's already July and they still haven't fixed it.If i pit and jump out 3 seconds before the leaders, i am going to get shown blue flags, even if they are on completely dead tires with no tire life left, lapping 5 second slower than me on my fresh tires.Is this realistic ? No, but if you lose up to 20 seconds in a lap because of this, while an AI driver behind the leader is allowed to unlap himself  and pass you in the process.This makes playing the game a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,415200,33431307,Posted: 10 July,all,Jpugh806,"I'm not really a racing fan, but I bought this during the Steam summer sale thinking it had a clean looking UI and would be easy to learn as I enjoy a good sim. 40 hours later I'm still playing. This is now my Zen place game."
76561198041311567,Recommended,415200,33427976,Posted: 10 July,all,Briarhopper,Very enjoyable and replayable. Wish for a bit more control over how my drivers and crew train up skills but other than that a very solid game.
76561198007753292,Recommended,415200,33390466,Posted: 8 July,all,karljohan,I'm not into management games and i'm definately not into motorsport.But this game is awesome and insanely addictive.Just.. one more race..
76561198141633630,Recommended,415200,33595453,Posted: 16 July,all,felipel,"These are the problems and things this game needs:- Lacks an in-game editor, maybe similar to that used in Football Manager- More diversity when building your next year's car: more engine suppliers, materials, brakes, etc, and choosing different types of suppliers needs to have more impact within the game- More stuff to do between races and in the pre-season- Maybe a more complex parts design, it gets kinda repetitive and simple with time- Remove the relegation systems, maybe add a feature where constructors choose to pull out or enter a championship (just like F1)- The buildings (HQs...) are too simple and once you upgrade them all there is nothing much else to do- More accurate and complete statistics and historical data on teams, drivers, mechanics, where we can see exactly how well a pilot performed in a past season, with info regarding positions, wins, and such on each track, and titles, etc for exampleOther than that, this game is amazing. 8/10"
,Recommended,415200,33535340,Posted: 14 July,all,Kim Jong-un,Just one more race before i sleep...... Ooh♥♥♥♥♥♥it's 4am!!!
,Recommended,415200,33534954,Posted: 14 July,all,Gareaap,Intresting game. The manager part is verry enjoyable for people even when they dont know anything about motorsport in the real world. Only reason i stopped playing was because of the difficulty in switching racing leagues. There where probably ways around it but it completely turned me off from continuing.I started as a bottom middle tier european racing team and fought my way to the top off that league to a point where i beat everyone with atleast a second difference between me and the rest of the teams.Only to get absolutly wrecked when i went to the asian cup. And couldn't place better then dead last race after race.Only real problem i had with the game was the language. I am not a native speaker and i do not claim to be prefect at the english language. But there are allot of problems with the language that even i can easily spot. There are many instances where a female gets called a he. There are also places where they missed a part of localization and you can see code on the front-end. Aside from these 2 big points there are allot of smaller mistakes in the language.
76561198002658463,Recommended,415200,29059134,Posted: 6 January,all,lufc_giancarlofisichella,Only needs a little bug fixing and more divisions (maybe new formula/stock cars) to diversify.Otherwise it's a good game in a genre which has had nothing for 17 years.
,Recommended,415200,29012368,Posted: 4 January,all,The Driving Pantalones,"Great game for everyone who loves management games, absolutely fantastic for motorsport fans. And it hasn't even reached half of its potential yet. 10/10"
76561197984366944,Recommended,415200,28616014,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,gitom7,"This is an excellent management sim for Motorsport. Not a huge fan of Motorsport, however this title has impressed and only after a few hours. It is deeper and more dynamic than expected will challenge you throughout a season. Very easily will be able to sink a few hundred hours in this game. There is no racing for the player, only managing the team from all aspects during a race, development of each car, the drivers on your team and your facilities and engineering/factory staff to create/repair parts. If you like Motorsport would recommend, if you like any type of racing management, this is a good title to get, especially if on sale."
,Recommended,415200,28996011,Posted: 3 January,all,simabolbol,"So addictive!Could use a few tweaks to make it even more thoroughly enjoyable, such as better music, deeper interactions with other teams, etc."
76561198189731627,Recommended,415200,30965533,Posted: 5 April,all,Fvlgvrator,"I never knew constantly watching tyre degradation, fuel levels, lap times, pit stop strategies and so on could be so enticing. This is a great game to play for far longer than you intended!"
,Recommended,415200,28965689,Posted: 2 January,all,hibikir,"It's just like Pocket Card Jockey, but with cars, and with a lot less fast pace solitaire action."
,Recommended,415200,28957847,Posted: 2 January,all,[2.FJg]13 Foxtrot-Sldt,"The GoodThere are quite a bit of management tools built into this, but not an overwhelming amount that bogs down the enjoyment and flow of the game. It is simple enough, yet detailed to understand that everything makes a difference. The graphicsa are decent enough and can be played on a mid level laptop with 2D mode. The game isn't a pushover and can get frustrating from real life scenarios out of your control, happening to your team. There is enough in race strategy that decisions really do make a significant difference. The rules changes throughout the year are nice added touch for immersion. The amount of motor tracks is nice.The BadIt can be a bit too simple at times. Some of the responses you can give to media questions are overly simplistic and become repetitive. The game replayability isn't as diverse as some other games. A few wierd graphical and play glitches show up occasionally. Some of the team member responses are simplistic and odd. They occasionally remind you that you  are playing a game that is occasionally too simple.The UglyHonestly not really anything game breaking or fun breaking. About the worst thing I can say, at this point is that it can be  too simple at times and some responses in game are a bit non-sensical.Final word.......The game is addicting because there is real progression, not too steep a learning curve and snappy in pace. They need to keep adding to the game, and they are. The mods will come pouring in when there is a real ability to mofd the game, which is coming. Totally worth it if you are into or casually into F1 or are NASCAR bi-curious."
,Recommended,415200,28954871,Posted: 2 January,all,bpih2004,nice game. gives you alot of control as a manager. only downside i would say is the next seasons when you build your car. all components have low reliability; you spend a lot of time in the pits repairing instead on the track racing. also seem never to have enough money for new buildings or upgrade buildings.
,Recommended,415200,28950114,Posted: 2 January,all,Azio,"Solid performance and a good game based off on a mobile version of the game. With loads more features, graphics and overall experience.Only thing I didn't like was that you can't edit the driver/team names and you can't make a custom team start (only edit the car colors and livery). Other than that, the gameplay is on point and gives you the edge and information you want to have when you'd be qualifying and racing. My guess would be that when the workshop support goes live, it'd be a lot more interesting in my opinion.I would recommend it right away and if you're into managerial games, make it a part of your collection right away."
76561198011996862,Recommended,415200,28934674,Posted: 2 January,all,Black Spiral Dancer,Awesome fun if you like management games!  I am not real into cars or racing but in this format it is great.
76561198177984973,Recommended,415200,30990044,Posted: 6 April,all,m.worron,Brilliant and Realistic Management Game!Highly addictive and a great all round game and well worth the money!
76561197992739056,Recommended,415200,28912923,Posted: 1 January,all,firepowerjohan,"Really great game!pros- Great car part design feature, makes designing car very interesting and exciting- Great race mechanism with good AI- Nice random events that affect the game, could want even more random in factcons- Game takes too much time, need to be able to speed up races. More speed levels and/or being able to get instant result of race. Yes one could use shorter races but that does not feel as real and affects everything from tire suppliers to pit strategy to reliability etc. I want long races but more speed options.- overtaking is too extreme, losing too much time when being overtaken and sometimes even drivers can ruin each other races being too stubborn to trying overtake every corner.- Designing illegal parts not being used in race instead for boosting next years base level should be prevented, I see it as an exploit and never do it.- Need more random in weather so that you cannot know exactly how much it will rain for a certain lap"
76561198355775791,Recommended,415200,28912110,Posted: 1 January,all,kmarufun36,"Great management game on Motorsport.Kudos to Voting system makes this game different for everyoneGreat graphics.So so musicOverall, it's a great game for Motorhead!"
,Recommended,415200,28885776,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Kojixus,"If you like being lazy and not ding alot get this game its a awesome simulation game, The style and the Graphics are amaing you get to tune your own car! Much Love"
76561198119666977,Recommended,415200,28925492,Posted: 1 January,all,Frontline69,This game has taken my soul and won't give it back.
76561198013564709,Recommended,415200,28922171,Posted: 1 January,all,Jan Michael Vincent,"Fantastic game, I recommend if you are into management simulation games"
76561197969327505,Recommended,415200,28932084,Posted: 2 January,all,jetstream01,"Amazing game! If you're thinking this is a game to play and relax...think again.  There is never a dull moment in this game, unlike some other sports management games.Pros:-VERY detailed. Every aspect of the game.-UI is detailed but still usable.-Good tutorial that lasts for a long time but doesn't get in your way constantly.-There is always something to do-especially between races.-Your skill matters A LOT. I've made lots of dumb mistakes and a few great calls leading to victories.-A real sense of accomplishment or shame according to your achievements.-LONG possibility for playtime. You can do multiple seasons in the same series or move up to another one.Cons:-Only ""formula"" type series. It would be nice if there were other forms of motorsport.-Can't skip/turn off certain annoying things like race results/news from championships you're not part of.Overall I give this game a big thumbs up, and can't wait to continue my career. Hoping they add some DLC!"
,Recommended,415200,28920752,Posted: 1 January,all,Wilson212,"This game is awesome!!! Very addictive... Not a huge fan of racing, and I don't know alot about F1 but I still find this game addictive."
76561198035476341,Recommended,415200,28877082,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,cleaningpatches,"This is an awesome and very adicting game!  It covers all aspects of running a racing team.  Parts and car development, managing people, facility management, sponsor management, practice, and racing!  It has it's ups and downs like real racing does.  Parts due wear down and can break, wrecks do happen, you get stuck in traffic sometimes, and you win some.  Good luck!"
76561197992995404,Recommended,415200,28910622,Posted: 1 January,all,ZXTT95,"Boy, this is the most fun I've had plaing a racing manager game in a long time, and maybe ever, which goes back all the way to Formula One on the Spectrum in 1985.  For me, this game strikes the right balance between amount of detail and interesting decisions to make, combined with slick presentation.For example, which part to redesign: can I afford it, will my designer do a good enough job to warrant it, does it lead to even better designs, which race will it reliable enough for, which driver will get it and will it help long term by carrying over into next year (if I'm not fired).Races require attention!  It took me until the fourth career race, even with a few practice races, before I got all the calls right.  You have to stay on your toes and react quickly to things like yellows and rain, although thankfully you can pause to take a moment to reflect on your decision.All in all, a nice effort for a first release of a game, and it looks like its still being improved.  Do take a look a the available guides, since there are some details you'd probably like to know, especially regarding managing the design and improvement of parts, that the tutorial won't cover."
76561198031879393,Recommended,415200,31891434,Posted: 21 May,all,Cyberrat,Extremely engaging even though it could run the risk of becoming a little repetitive at times. You really have to put some effort into your strategy and management of team which makes any improvement just so much more satisfying. I have only played 27 hours at the time of this review but 20 of those was in one go since I just could not stop.Definitely one of the best motor sport management games out there at the moment
,Recommended,415200,32049281,Posted: 29 May,all,Dermatrode,"top game! what a well done title this is, totally worth the $. fun & suspense guaranteed. strategic & very addictive, just awesome!"
,Recommended,415200,32064242,Posted: 30 May,all,Mzanyx,Like Football Manager but with cars like FM 1 hour turns into 5.
,Recommended,415200,31606199,Posted: 7 May,all,3viL,I've been addicted.
,Recommended,415200,31615704,Posted: 7 May,all,Lujan,"There are some bugs that need ironing out. But nothing gamebreaking for the first 100-200 hours. And boy are the races fun.Getting yourself from the lowest league with the ♥♥♥♥♥iest car to the WMC Champion is worth every minute of the time you put in there. And it might take quite a while (which, by the way, is a good thing!)"
,Recommended,415200,31615267,Posted: 7 May,all,DAVEISTHENAME,"Really good Simulator not a game, to do well in this game you need to have a average understanding of Motorsport and how the mechanics of a Race car works in terms of tyres and pit stops, if you push the drivers too hard on tyres you will lose grip and speed if you push the fuel too much you will not finish the race simple as that, amazing game and can go quite in depth if you want to, plenty of hours to be played but just note it can take some getting used to.Overall Great Experience 5/5"
,Recommended,415200,31615052,Posted: 7 May,all,johnnynohat,"Best racing management sim I've played hands down, looking forward to more updates and maybe even official licenses in the long run"
76561198282586003,Recommended,415200,31673857,Posted: 10 May,all,Ike5598,Amazing!
76561198117795705,Recommended,415200,31770411,Posted: 15 May,all,paul.weir60,"good game but desperately needs an editor like the football manager series , have not played it for ages now for that reason"
,Recommended,415200,31770848,Posted: 15 May,all,Get_Retarded,"I don't think I've played a game so constantly. Bought on Friday(night), just over 2 days ago. Have more than 24h in it.Worth every penny.If you play with mods... holy zit. I'd recommend ICE."
,Recommended,415200,31782373,Posted: 15 May,all,Jasper5k,"I didnt think I would be into this game because you arent actually racing the cars. But honeslty it is actually amazing. Making tweaks to the driver susspension in practice and qualifying, and then seeing your drivers preform to the work you have done, making strategic calls of when to bring your drivers in for a modification, upgrading parts and choosing what is best for what race. Overall just amazing to see your team grow and grab those podium positions. Your team develops personality traits that can effect your races, etc, which is an amazing mechanic. To hiring new drivers and deciding when its best to fire a driver. I have played about 10 hours so far, I started with a mid-grade team that in my first season, in the middle, i am at the top of my championship standings, and it really is a great feeling."
76561198014852829,Recommended,415200,31774283,Posted: 15 May,all,LordRahl9404,"I played this for a while on the mobile version, not realising there was a PC version. Now that i have played this version is very addictive, just be sure not to rush anything, such as practice."
,Recommended,415200,31771712,Posted: 15 May,all,brunix_slap,"Buy gameProceed to download the gameInstall F1 2017 modPlay as Mclaren HondaFinish 8th (Alonso) and 10th (Vandoorne)Stroll wins the race10/10On a more serious note: The game has everything you can expect, and with Mods, it has infinite replayability. I played this at a friend's house during the weekend and rushed to buy it right now on discount."
,Recommended,415200,31777386,Posted: 15 May,all,Iceman,10/10
76561197984004070,Recommended,415200,31754546,Posted: 14 May,all,Ianthius,"As a veteran of GP Manager 2, I was looking for something of an update to it and I found it here!I jumped straight in and creted my own team and just played.  It feels like it's a complete clone of GP Manager 2 with a massive overhaul in graphics.  Even the crowd noises sound very similar!  Played almost 8 hrs in the first two days of owning it.I love it and am so glad that someone took the time to make a game like this again.Haven't tried the mods but it's great that there is the opporttunity to mod the game.At £12.49, a bargain!"
76561197963853963,Recommended,415200,31796404,Posted: 16 May,all,Broughy,"Great game, very addictive"
76561198051792254,Recommended,415200,31807913,Posted: 17 May,all,hristo_yordanov,very good game
76561197989228670,Recommended,415200,31933214,Posted: 24 May,all,Riley064,"I can only review this by giving you a description of what's happened at Dragon RacingWe're backmarkers with 2 useless drivers so one goes the first season and the other the secondOur  star driver (originally our reserve0 mid way through season 2 becomes a massive♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥so he's replacedMy scouts found 2 young unemployed women drivers with legendary feedback,however the first of them ishorrible on tyres,well FML she can't do strategies other than undercutting,my other driver is just a gun howeverfor some reason or another they start dating and busted by the dickwad driver i fired? WHAT THE HELL NICK GETOVER IT!!!So anyway i play 2 strategies on a 13 lap race with a 6l tank,Enrique Lara runs single stopper while Ms Marsh flogs therear end out of it,well Ms Marsh needs to go back to driving school and ends up finishing 14th while Ms Lara wins by a freaking second over MR ♥♥♥♥ING CHU,i hate CHU!!"
76561197999625886,Recommended,415200,32073956,Posted: 30 May,all,Keledron1281,"So here's the deal:I don't watch racingI know nothing about cars aside from being able to change my own oil (but i'm too lazy and take it to a mechanic anyway)BUTI love simulations done right, management sims especially.If I can learn a bit more about the subject of the sim? Bonus.I. Freaking. Love. This Game. I started out managing a small American racing team. It took a few years, smart HQ investments to be able to design, research and use better parts. After a ton of hard work, I started winning races. Out of 10 teams in our division, We're now in third. The accomplishment feels awesome. Learning to make the smallest of tweaks in practice sessions to figure out the perfect tuning for a race, and then watching your driver get to the podium? Man. I never tire of it.Graphics are good for a sim game, watching the races tends to be exciting and fun. The strategy of knowing when to pit or when to push your car can have you white knuckling until the finish.I highly recommend this to anyone who enjoys sports sim games. I'm sure if you actually know more about cars than I do it's even more fun, but that's my point: This game is great, even to someone who doesn't watch or have any interest in following racing...well...I didn't before playing this, now I think I'm going to pop in the Senna documentary.tl;dr - Awesome sim game, even if you're not a racing fan. Grab. Grab. Grab."
76561198329347277,Recommended,415200,32526413,Posted: 17 June,all,NightRider,This game is an excellent one. There is a very good modding community and the creaters are hopefully going to keep adding to the game. The managing part of the game is great with a mix of improving your headquaters and car but also keep alive financially. Over all I would definitely recommend this game to anyone with intrest in managing a motorsport team or intrest in motorsport.
,Not Recommended,415200,33312598,Posted: 6 July,all,Matchstick88,"Game is fun if you are into simulations.  However, I have now spent 40+ hours on the game and it does nothing but crash on the career I put the same 40+ hours on.I don't know about you but after 40+ hours working on one save, the thought of starting a new career to possibly have the same thing happen makes me not want to play the game anymore.And yes, I have turned it off and then back on"
76561198056726901,Recommended,415200,33327226,Posted: 6 July,all,Tezza,"Whether you're an F1/Motor-racing enthusiast or just a fan of good management sims, this game is very good. Thoroughly enjoyable."
76561198171646277,Recommended,415200,33364380,Posted: 7 July,all,dirtykorn,"Great management game, very in-depth. You can tell your drivers how to drive, and they will hate you. 10/10 realistic f1 sim"
,Recommended,415200,33363482,Posted: 7 July,all,mbakdanilla,Football manager look alike
76561198115767259,Recommended,415200,33351180,Posted: 7 July,all,Havok93,"Fantastic game. There aren't many motorsport management games out there and this game executes it almost perfectly.Also, mod support!"
76561198252498128,Recommended,415200,33354266,Posted: 7 July,all,SEBY14,i found a glitch in the game im zaving for  my 3rd set of race 1mil at a time and it not postive saving it lossing me monney as if im tacking monny case i have done 2 races sission 2 and lost monney for next years car plz help
,Recommended,415200,33267723,Posted: 5 July,all,azuxies,"I tried my best to get top 10 in the first season. But I've failed. I tried to refund the game and gave bad review because I didn't even win a single game. Steam didn't refund my money because I've played more than 7 hours in the first day. So, I used cheat engine to increase the team money to 900 millions. The next season, I hired the best mechanics and drivers as well as upgraded all facilities to maximum. Eventually, I won most of the game. EZ.Note: You'd probably thinking that I'm a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥because of cheating. Just to tell you, who can wait any longer?"
76561198013945337,Recommended,415200,33360968,Posted: 7 July,all,po,"Highly recommended, especially if youre a motosport fan and into management games alike."
76561198315553260,Recommended,415200,33257033,Posted: 4 July,all,TheMysteryFactoryYT,when you buy this and you go into your  first race and lose badly don't be sad. Ive lost every race in my season but the game is so fun i can't stop playing it
76561198007298934,Recommended,415200,33251598,Posted: 4 July,all,Ezergood,"Good fun game. Instead of a simple mobile port like so many before them, they've used that success to build a fleshed out version for PC! Nice full tutorial option, and you can jump right in with a top F1 team, or start in 3rd tier and build up. Looks like they're on the road to providing some decent DLC too, and with Workshop, it'll have loads of stuff made by fans.Comfortably the best in genre since Grand Prix Manager from circa 1995.btw, if you let your kids pick the team based on colour, they might go for the red one, plumb last in bottom tier......."
,Recommended,415200,28815715,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,StarshipUK,"While I recommending this, it's due to the amount of time played meaning I got my moneys worth and I did enjoy playing it during that time despite the issues.There are however still bugs and issues, missing text strings here and there and the AI in changing weather conditions is awful. I just wish the Devs would fix the existing problems before adding new features, as it seems with every update while fixing some problems, has introduced new ones and the game has not had an update for some time now.The other main thing I don't like is the mini game for qualifying, although you can skip this and doing so would normally result in better qualifying than trying the mini game yourself.The spoiler for me is reading a guide which explains the way to beat the game. While unrealistic and unfair it made sense that having thre worst paid drivers, aiming for 10th team, coming last and spending all money on upgrading all buildings before moving forward would give you an advantage over the AI teams and perhaps the only way of beating the game.There are a few good mods, a few of which I tried which made the game better over the base game.Hopefully the Devs will improve the AI intelligence and release some new updates where I will give it another go."
76561198010942399,Recommended,415200,33156641,Posted: 2 July,all,Freezer,"Well honestly this game deserves downvote since its name is wrong. Proper one should be ""Where the hell has my saturday gone simulator"" but I suppose it was too long to be used. Jokes aside this game is just awesome."
,Recommended,415200,33199974,Posted: 3 July,all,Kroosyy,10/10 would finish last again
76561198060893359,Recommended,415200,33367984,Posted: 8 July,all,Zamboni,If you like motorsport at all you like this game.
,Recommended,415200,33445605,Posted: 10 July,all,Grizz,Nice game
76561198110765264,Recommended,415200,31111683,Posted: 13 April,all,Chromaxe,"Modelled on the classic Grand Prix World from the 90's (a favourite) this was a natural progression for me and I haven't been disappointed. The game has (so far) handled everything really well, from car development and sponsors to the various levels of competitions and formulas. If you want to sit behind the wheel and drive, don't get this game - although a good imagination will pretty much fill in the gaps. Visually impressive as well, It has a multitude of challenges within it..."
,Recommended,415200,26901080,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,kagranac,"The game is good in principle and addictive but there are too many things that need tweaking to make the game enjoyable over a long period rather than one or two seasons. (Hence I can't recomend)If you like picking the worse teams and making them good be ready for endless amounts of frustration as you spend millions improving, only to end up back at sqaure one again the following season, while the other teams around you seem to get better and better.  Reliability sucks and takes too long to correct, by the time you have, you are probably bottom of the team standings with 4 races left after which it all starts again.Also lots of things make no sense, other drivers seem to be unaffected by wrong tyre type during weather events. they can drive their broken cars around the track at record pace, overtaking my perfectly working one with ease. these two things alone leave very little opportunity to capitalise on your opponents mistakes/bad luck.I saw a driver demoted after the race by the DMA 4 places, he finished second overall after the race. HOW?2 drivers got stuck in the pit lane meaning my unexpected 9th place finish was scratched because I had to reload and rerun the race and then get 16th, I've had races crash when exiting back to the main menu at the end of the race, meaning I have to rerun that race again. There are numerous other little things other have mentioned to that need improving.Hopefully they release a patch to tweak or fix issues. because this is a really good game, I just want it to be good over 30-40 seasons rather than 1 or 2 I can't play it much more than that before the enjoyment runs out.Maybe this game was taliored toward picking the best teams at the start, I'll have to try.Since the update I can change my stance to positive.  more content for this would take it to a must own game in my opinion."
,Recommended,415200,31182322,Posted: 16 April,all,MLK,Very addictive. A classic just one more round/race game.
,Recommended,415200,29266979,Posted: 14 January,all,DMoney,"I played 12 hours on my first day. This game is absolutely addicting!There is nothing significantly wrong with the game!Best way to play the game is to start in the lowest series and work on bringing a team to the highest series.The only problem I have with the game is that I was born on July 13, 1993 and the game thinks I'm 22, I'm actualy 23."
76561198097864129,Recommended,415200,31178686,Posted: 16 April,all,Yoott,This game is super addicting once you learn all the features available to it.Owned it for under 4 weeks and im in the hundreds of hours played.
,Recommended,415200,28153582,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Foxy,Its not bad but I REALY VERY MUCH miss a function to start your own team... I have no connection to the team of somebody else esp. without licenses...I will update review once this has been adressed because its such a core feature yet so easy to implement that I feel it doesnt deserve more than a 50% review until this has been added wich would push it to 75% in my view...Edit: They are implementing this feature with a free DLC so I´m changing my review as promised! :)
76561198070402026,Recommended,415200,30186303,Posted: 25 February,all,jeff,I love this game!!!
76561198032569322,Recommended,415200,30170065,Posted: 25 February,all,typhoidraj,"I really enjoy this game. It's challenging and people will say it can get repetitive, but I'm not there yet. Being able to run a team instead of just driving the car makes it more interesting. I hope they keep the mods coming and I'm looking forward to adding customisations. Great job."
76561197973824792,Recommended,415200,30183578,Posted: 25 February,all,Shabballa,I like it :)
,Recommended,415200,30197878,Posted: 26 February,all,Gifus,"Just keeps crashing, very frustrating!!!"
76561198233511084,Recommended,415200,30179029,Posted: 25 February,all,Anindityo90,"I  need more design approach for formula car. I think we can change front wing too, so not just nose."
76561198072457016,Recommended,415200,30167140,Posted: 25 February,all,MadTech,"The last passable F1 game I played was Grand Prix Manager 2 by microprose in 1996, this game far surpasses anything before it and because it's on steam will likely continue to be updated by the developers and the community."
76561198127790810,Recommended,415200,30165558,Posted: 25 February,all,KevinOrlando93 [Twitch],Definitely would recommend.
76561198083240596,Recommended,415200,30172518,Posted: 25 February,all,john.millington1981,"Fun and very addictive! Being able to do all little tweeks and changes and actually being able to see them make a difference. Really enjoyable and will have you saying 'well, just one more race' over and over again. Highly recommended, with out a doubt, worth a try!"
,Recommended,415200,29792384,Posted: 8 February,all,ashley7326501,"Brilliant game! Realistic car performance and graphics, great managerial settings. I'd like to see a wider range of categories to manage such as V8 Supercars or Nascar or the like. Also, more challenges would be nice. The game is a worthwhile purchase - I love how you're able to change the length of the race, as well as the speed of the time within the game. Great for if you've got 10mins on your hands or 10 hours. :)"
,Recommended,415200,29771657,Posted: 7 February,all,Brockers,"Is the game good? Definitly, although the game does lack the depth other managment games provide. Personally i've not found long sessions on this game achievable but it does still keep me comming back for more. The recent adidtion of the steam workshop however, looks to increase the games replayability significantly."
76561198043571344,Recommended,415200,29780488,Posted: 8 February,all,davidpg43,The best game ever on the PC
,Recommended,415200,29787065,Posted: 8 February,all,Bung3e,"I have played a lot more of this game that I ever would have imagined,I'm a massive F1 fan and when I saw that there was a management sim available I knew I had to give it a try, this game is challenging but not to a point that is off putting.I decided to start with the weakest team in the lowest division in the career mode with the intention of working my way up from there, I figured that I would get bored and start over at some point picking a much stronger team if I kept losing every race however the progress was steady to the point where the results were visibly getting better without me going from the back row to leading the pack straight away.If you are a F1/Indy/Management sim fan I would 100% recommend this game."
76561198081219182,Recommended,415200,29800211,Posted: 9 February,all,C-Banga,Great Game! just getting really frustrated with how the blue flags work. at the moment if for example 1st and 2nd place are between yourself and a potential 10 place you are forever stuck in 11th even if you have a much faster car because of fresh tires. You can get past the first car but at ht the next corner as you line up the next driver to unlap yourself you get a blue flag and immidiately obey. is there a way that you could have the system take into consideration the speed of your driver and also give the driver extra time to get passed multiple cars.
76561198005091550,Recommended,415200,29832392,Posted: 10 February,all,Thoma,"This is quickly becoming one of my favourite games.First season, fired before the last race as I was building a competitive car for the following season and failed to finish a race in the chairmans desired position.Second season, came back to the same championship in a lesser team. Forgot to negotiate contracts for the drivers... Brought in 2 new ones. Leading the constructers championship after weekend 3. Mechanic caught taking secrets out the door, so he can get gone too. So now I have 2 good drivers, a half decent lead designer, a good Mechanic and the apprentice on the spanners!If you like strategy in racing and can adapt your strategy, this is a good game to get!"
,Recommended,415200,30006675,Posted: 18 February,all,Dustbag,"Most captivating game I've played in a while.I find it hard to find a good and enjoyable game that lasts - This just keeps me coming back!The details in micromanagement are just about right, with just about the right amount control I could ask for.It is certainly a game in a class of it's own! [10/10]"
,Recommended,415200,30004112,Posted: 18 February,all,B-LIGHTNING,Great game'
76561198029704499,Recommended,415200,29973367,Posted: 16 February,all,tora75,"Love sim games but not a fan of cars or racing. That said, I've long supported Sega's Football Manager series and have logged hundreds of hours in their Eastside Hockey Manager game too. I love the depth, stats, and sim engines they offer so figured that I would give this one a go. I'm glad I did. It's not as deep as FM but it has a slick presentation and some unique features that I'm not accustomed to in a sports sim game. They are already launching free and paid dlc which should add more fun elements to the game, which I'm looking forward to.I've read reviews from folks that don't like this game. To each their own. Some say this is a scripted game. The tutorial is scripted but other races are not. I've had different results racing the same race multiple times.Others say that this game is ""the same"" once you get a hang of things. Perhaps if you're playing with the strongest team in the highest league. But if you start in the lower leagues there is quite a bit of strategy at play (both long and short).Get it while it's on sale folks. Definitely worth the buy in my opinion."
76561198273194490,Recommended,415200,29992637,Posted: 17 February,all,jamescol,top game cant wait until we are able to get the DLC of being able to create and manage my own team
,Recommended,415200,29760468,Posted: 7 February,all,cromwell1982,"I realy enjoyed Motorsports Manager. Beeing an old Grand Prix Manager Veteran I felt at home quite easily.The core game definitly is on the races itself, managing your pit stop strategy, ordering your drivers to go faster or slower, choosing the right tyres, setup and so on. Its quite fun and there are frequent hair nail biting moments when your drivers defend that vital position against the oposition close to the end of a race. That part of the game realy feels well done and the decisions you make when designing the car and doing the setups play into it well.Where the game lacks at the moment is the financial and contract aspect of the game. Driver and staff contracts are ok, but what realy lacks is an intriguing system for sponsor and advertising contracts. Apart from bonuses you may earn or not for finishing better than a certain position, there is no real conection to the sponsors."
,Recommended,415200,29751455,Posted: 6 February,all,Bioshibby,great game still needs some tweaks but for a Formula managment game i couldnt ask for more just need to get the rights to hte actual team names and we are good to go ;)
,Recommended,415200,29750103,Posted: 6 February,all,Seblirium,"I've grown up watching motorsport, and also playing motorsport sim games many years ago, but there hasn't been any decent offering for a long time. Motorsport Manager has successfully managed to convert itself from a mobile-only title, to one that offers depth, beauty, excitement, and that 'one-more-turn' mentality.It's as close as we've come to a fully fledged motorsport sim, and I can't wait to see how it improves with patches and the recently enabled Steam Workshop creations.If motorsports, or single-seater racing in particular, is your thing, and you have an itch to run a team yourself, you'd be doing yourself a disservice to not check out Motorsport Manager."
76561197972627101,Recommended,415200,29742551,Posted: 6 February,all,aheyfromhome,"I really enjoy this first iteration of a Football Manager-esque game for motorsport. It has a nice balance between fun and realism (possibly because it's not nearly as detailed and nuanced as Football Manager yet). One thing which I think particularly exemplifies this is one aspect of the practice sessions: You have limited time to try different setups of 6 car components in order to find the perfect balance between 3 different car characteristics. You can either think of this in terms of gear-ratios changing the acceleration/topspeed balance, or you can think of it as using this slider here to move that peg there to zero in on the place where the face will be smiliest.There's the financial side of the game (sponsors, contracts, HQ improvements) but IMO the best thing about the game is the races themselves. They're so dynamic. Just like a real-life strategist you decide your plan before the race and set your starting tyres and fuel level, then you watch the race and juggle in your mind the information about tyre wear, tyre heat (which depends on aggressiveness and ambient temperature), fuel level, engine mode, the weather, track position, etc, for each car and then change things in order to finish the race in as good a position as possible. Then someone loses a wing or there's a safety car and you have to re-calculate again!So it's good fun for motorsport fans. And IMO it's a good investment for now so that they can improve and grow the game for a future version."
76561198043859877,Recommended,415200,29710751,Posted: 4 February,all,Osiie,I should start out by saying that I know nothing about formula one except for the cars go really fast and have engines. I purchased this game at 8 began playing at 11 and didnt stop until 6 the next morning. This game is good and definitely worth the sale price of $17. Admitedly this game wont be for everyone but if you love fm or other games where you make micromanage in the background to see results played out for you in the foreground you should play this game.
,Recommended,415200,29697268,Posted: 4 February,all,FrostyFox,It is nice and neat so far. I loved the game. You get the sense when you play the game. It totally deserves the money that it costs. Please new sequals every year like FM.
76561198032199038,Recommended,415200,29689663,Posted: 4 February,all,5against1,motorsport manager + enzoli mod 2016 = most fun i had in years9.7/10
,Recommended,415200,29728149,Posted: 5 February,all,kcdeveloper,"Even better than the mobile version. If you love sports management games, you'll love this one."
76561198122748231,Recommended,415200,29645096,Posted: 2 February,all,rpmv8,"Love it!  A couple of small bugs, but easily forgiveable given the overall awesomeness of the game.  Challenging, but very rewarding when you get it right."
,Recommended,415200,29995301,Posted: 17 February,all,dURSiFUL *blasting music ATM*,"Me last week: ""What's this? A management game, but for racing? Looks interesting, I guess.""A couple of days later: ""Huh, it's on sale? Meh, might as well buy it and hope it's good...""First couple of minutes in-game: ""A little confusing, but it's still interesting...""After finishing my first game session: ""WHAT?! NINE HOURS?! I'VE BEEN PLAYING THIS RANDOM GAME FOR NINE HOURS STRAIGHT?! IN MY FIRST SESSION?! Wow...""To summarize, I'm officially hooked. That's what a good game should do: it should grab your attention from the very start, make you want to keep playing (even though nine hours seems a bit overkill) and make you want to improve.I can't say that I'm that much into games like Football Manager: I may have played or watched my brother play these kinds of games when I was very young. But for some reason unbeknownst to me, this game really stuck to me. It's really intricate, but not too estranging to scare you off.Almost 24 hours in, and I still want to improve. However, if I would start all over again, I would not pick Chariot as my starting team. Boy, does that team have issues! So far, I've been relegated to Asia Pacific AND I'm on the verge of losing my job.But hey! Who said that life as a manager was supposed to be easy? At least I've added som well need buildings and upgrades to my HQ. If that doesn't keep me in the team, I don't know what will."
,Recommended,415200,31779665,Posted: 15 May,all,facundo.iezzi,"Very addictive game in it's early hours but once you get the idea of how everything works (around season 4-5) it gets very repetitive and lacks new challenges or unexpected situations that change the flow of game.Car setups are not technical, just a series of hit and miss sliders, so no worries if you are not a car dynamics enthusiast. Users looking for full technicall and realistic specs will be very disappointed.All and all, solid game for its price, maybe GT series content should be included and not a separate DLCI've declared it completed after season 8 (world series won two times in a row), 200+ hours in"
,Recommended,415200,31859942,Posted: 20 May,all,BlueBaron,"Great Game a couple of minor bugs that don't really effect gameplay, but hopefully sorted, as I'm sure they will be.9 out 10."
76561198161908534,Recommended,415200,31828180,Posted: 18 May,all,airstrike900,"Now i really like the game and think it is a great concept but there are a few features that are quite annoying.qualifying is the one thing that i hate the most, it is such an annoying mini-game. It is just too hard to get it right. you almost always have your tyres be too cold or too hot and the same goes with the brakes. I always manage to only get one out of two to become perfect and then the AI manages to do it perfectly wich is also annoying. i'd say the developers should maybe make the green spot a little easier for us.another thing, it doesnt bog me down that much, is the overtaking sometimes. my cars always brake so soon if i have someone behind me and then they pass me easily. my car just goes very slow then wich isn't fun when you are leading and you're overtaken by such a stupid thing."
76561198011813252,Recommended,415200,31868008,Posted: 20 May,all,Andy,"A tricky game to master. If you like a challenge them have a go. there is so much to master, even the team family feelings ask a driver to let another through may not be a problem for one driver but the premadonna may throw a hissy fit.Can you look after the relationship between the engineer and the driver. Its all there to try to control.Are you  the type that sits at home watching the motor sport on tv and thinking they should have pitted sooner than later, well you can decide and get it wrong and see your cars go from 1st and 2nd to 18th and 20th like me. it makes you think after what you did wrong. It will take time to master but you learn by mistakes and you come back stronger and wiser. you may even get a podium result."
76561198025604058,Recommended,415200,31897569,Posted: 22 May,all,frnknbry1,"I was doubtful about buying this game. Not any more, decent strategy game. Would like to see mabey NASCAR and Indy added to the circuits"
76561197972476987,Recommended,415200,32020149,Posted: 28 May,all,Jarno Barno,All your brake belong to us !
76561198064501467,Recommended,415200,32002635,Posted: 27 May,all,Scheme_Eugene,Very addictive and fun as hell.
76561198053645064,Recommended,415200,31961471,Posted: 25 May,all,johnak67,"It's fun!Not an in-depth simulator in the way Microprose offering was (those were the days!) but offers a challenge, variety in tasks and some decent race day simulation.I would love to see another real GP Management sim but until then this will do nicely!"
76561198033186892,Recommended,415200,29708682,Posted: 4 February,all,barto_123,"As a veteran coming having extensively played F1 Manager 2000, F1 Manager Pro, GPM2 and Grand Prix Manager, I can safely say this game captures the spirit of these games and brings it into the modern era.Whilst it may not have the level of technical detail as something like F1 Manager Pro, it has a much more usable interface, pleasing graphics, and a charm that allows you to get absorbed into the world. It has the look of a casual game, but there is enough technical detail under the hood waiting to be utilized and exploited that means it will appeal to all manner of gamer.Some bugs still linger in the game, with qualifying sessions still a gamble that you won’t get held up by AI traffic. However, by and large this is a fully complete game that will provide a rewarding experience. The availability of mods into the future should mean that this will now take the mantle from GPM2 as my go to F1 management sim."
,Recommended,415200,29707268,Posted: 4 February,all,Hemmels,"Great little racing management sim. Strangely addictive, and very well paced. Quick loading times between screens, simple and easy to use AI and tutorial, just pick up and go.Admittedly the ""grand strategy"" element is simply waiting until the next race to build up your HQ and improve the team, and the races themselves are very samey, but I still want to finish the season and see what improvements we can do.Good game."
76561197995245615,Recommended,415200,29815713,Posted: 9 February,all,powertool,"A lot of fun, but not too challenging. I am ready for the next version and expect a lot more now that it is PC."
,Recommended,415200,29796382,Posted: 8 February,all,hahaha funniy maymays,"This game is cool. But you need mods to truly enjoy it. The real team mod is perfect for this game.I dont know what else to say, Its really cool."
76561198070515345,Recommended,415200,30065567,Posted: 20 February,all,Markas,have played this game for about 4-5 seasons and loving it. well worth a buy.
,Recommended,415200,31049411,Posted: 9 April,all,FJPT,Great game!Well polished and with care in the details.Some aspects may seem simplistic or not very realistic but the game still manages to be interesting and the challenge of taking a team to the top is quite addictive.
76561198117333592,Recommended,415200,31513999,Posted: 2 May,all,christophersimey,Been waiting for this since the original EA games manager for pc..awesome job guys.. :-) much love to the time and effort of the modders too..
76561198066024332,Recommended,415200,31438839,Posted: 29 April,all,stiffler_83,Gwt on this game. its great fun.
76561197995493738,Recommended,415200,31260535,Posted: 20 April,all,DeDaas,"I used to love Grand Prix Manager 2 when I was a kid and even installed it a couple of times in the last few years.. but playing a game that is by now 20 years old has its obvious drawbacks and I was happy when this finally came out. After initial release I wasn't in love straight away, but after a few months I think I feel that old feeling coming back to me!If you used to love GPM2 or GPW like I did you I think this will be worth your money, especially when you combine this with the GT DLC and the excellent ICE Mod 2017.I don't think I would use the word 'realistic' to describe this game but the game mechanics feel like they are actually portraying real world aspects of racing. For instance: having to buy HQ component X to upgrade car component Y might be a simplified mechanic, but it is actually a good way to bring across that the team that makes the right investments might have the upperhand at some point. The promotion/relegation system ofcourse is not realistic, but it adds reward to the game.One of my favorite things in the game is designing the new seasons livery. These are the small things that really add immersion to this sort of game.Something that needs work in my opinion is the staff and driver (contract) management. It seems I can not sign a driver for next season and I have to wait until a contract has expired until I can offer someone a contract without having to pay off my current driver. Also I can't change my driver order so if a driver is injured or ill I can't temporarily replace him.During the race itself I really hope the way blue flags work will get a good look at some point. If you're racing for position and about to be lapped you are basically screwed.I am currently in my second season as Mclaren (with the 2017 ICE mod) and I am enjoying it more than my first season. I love the driver switches and the teams that drop and rise in perfomance compaired to the first season. Hopefully when contract management is given more attention there will actually be a silly season which will add a lot of immersion in my opinion."
76561198149180204,Recommended,415200,31378979,Posted: 26 April,all,Osprey CS.MONEY,First of all very positive of the game! The game works very smooth and it is a pleasure to play the game. Once you properly know how the game works (which is explained very well) it is so much fun to play it. I recommend this game for gamers who like to play strategic games and ofcourse gamers who like cars in particulary race cars.
76561198041616732,Recommended,415200,31421460,Posted: 28 April,all,bosco003,"If you like racing, you will like this game. Very detailed and quite challenging."
76561198085309379,Recommended,415200,31524603,Posted: 3 May,all,kraus,Nice One!
,Recommended,415200,31514344,Posted: 2 May,all,FlinnGK,A must for racing fans. Although I only play in 2D mode (on my laptop) it is still such a fun and enjoyable manager sim. I can only imagine how good the game would look on 3D mode.
,Recommended,415200,32329505,Posted: 10 June,all,LT.cole,"Very stratgy ,coming from F1 2014 you get try out what is like for your crew chief to give time orders and and when to pit. Plus you also have to micro manange finaces in between races or you get fired or have to jump ship to a new time. over all its fun to play and try out."
76561198078755599,Recommended,415200,32244268,Posted: 7 June,all,wad.alameddine,"Cracking game, takes me back to the old F1 Manager days of the 90's.....or somewhere around 2000......but better!Only thing I wish is that they'd add a multiplayer option.  Even of they made it a £DLC it'd be worthwhile."
76561198156634895,Recommended,415200,32424448,Posted: 14 June,all,Ferrari (Zeus),"Like so many people in previous reviews said: absolutely amazing if you are a motorsport fan in real life but defintely very enjoyable if you know nothing about it. Almost a perfect game. The only downside i can find is the car development, which can be very tricky at first, but that only makes the game more complicated and realistic, i guess10/10 because it simply does its job as a racing simulator"
,Recommended,415200,32686168,Posted: 23 June,all,Krasny,Great game but cant get the free dlc to download PLS FIx !!
76561198010613189,Recommended,415200,32730159,Posted: 24 June,all,Klotos,"A really good and entertaining game, and that's  comeing from someone who normally is totally uninterested in F1 racing. It has a nice balance of different kinds of manageing, one at the track during race day and another kind between races when you build your car and manage your staff.When you're race you can't wait to use the money to build a new part for your car. And, when you're creating your new part you can't wait to try it in your next race."
76561198031101338,Recommended,415200,32861346,Posted: 27 June,all,cnygamer,"If you like racing sports this is a very good game.  You manage the team, the staff, the facilities in order to build an effective team.  You also need to direct your engineers to build and improve certain parts for your cars, decide where those parts go.You have interviews and situations that come up that you need to decide what to do; which helps the game feel more alive and your team are real people with their own personalities.The graphics are great and give you a nice view of the race and the controls are easy to follow and use.  It is difficult to win a race (as it should be) and I can almost always look back to a mistake that I made during the race that cost us positions.I hope this is something they expand to other racing venues (like NASCAR etc...)  I also hope they continue to invest by adding additional tracks or the ability for users to create their own tracks or league schedules.  Great fun, very addictive!"
,Recommended,415200,32889293,Posted: 27 June,all,Chrysalis,"Very enjoyable.My only complaint is that crashes are scripted per level, and often if one driver crashes BOTH will crash. Going through my first F1 season I had both drivers crash in 4-5 different races. It crippled my ability to make any money and almost got me fired for no reason."
76561198216888012,Recommended,415200,32950049,Posted: 28 June,all,White,Very good time waster :DD
76561198035320928,Recommended,415200,32964130,Posted: 28 June,all,merlion,A great game just what I was looking for and I can't wait for more DLC.
,Recommended,415200,32961181,Posted: 28 June,all,Knoeleke,"Yes, i like this, this is what i was in need of. Ive only had 2 races,Yes, everyone can play it. But i still feel like that people that dont watch f1 (or blanc pain gt series or any equivalent) have no idea what theyre doing in the race. Ive got this friend who is able to nail practice and qually,grab pole, but due to lack of strategic racing knowledge he ends up 7th.This game also works to burn time like a mothertrucker on a buttcheek. I played from 1900-2300 and thought it would only be 2100 but when i looked at the clock, i was surprised.Ten outta ten, would buy agen"
,Recommended,415200,32963851,Posted: 28 June,all,Weiss Lee [WTF] 8/2,A pretty decent and different managerial game.
76561198011916291,Recommended,415200,32960823,Posted: 28 June,all,WarHamster,Fun little manager sim
,Recommended,415200,32960209,Posted: 28 June,all,ThisIsKetts 血涙,"Fun sim, The aspect of creating your own racing team and maaging every aspectc of it is great, changing the rule sof the series your team is in to try and get the series to go in your favour and more the depth just gets deeper and deeper."
,Recommended,415200,32947072,Posted: 28 June,all,[RIP] xNuke,Addicting!
76561198085637309,Recommended,415200,32966026,Posted: 28 June,all,Jonatas K. R.,"This is an almost perfect motorsport manage game. Almost, but it can be perfect with a few things that needed to be add to the game, like:Online/LAN Multiplayer Career:I´m not asking for online servers so that strangers can meet and play, or compete. No, I´m suggesting something simple to add, like the possibility to invite steam friend to join in a career mode. I suggest to benchmark the multiplayer used by Football Manager game. I know, there is a few things that need to be changed to make this mode more dynamic, like in-game PAUSE and probably unable different championship divisions, but still, it´s possible to do it and it will increase tremendously the appeal for this game.Create/Edit Pilots:I mean, it would be a nice add for the game if it was possible to create new pilots, with diferent skills, to be use in-game. I suggest the Character Creator from Crusaders Kings II, where you can balance the skills with positive and negative traits.Own Engine Development:Like Formula 1, the teams that has a car factory could develop engines from its own brands, and if other teams would like to use it, they could pay for it. I think it will give a nice touch in the game and a money boost for the ones who aims to create its own car factory.I know there are other things that could be improved in the game, but I hope you guys consider this suggestions, because you have a nice game on your hands and it can be even nicer.PS: I know it appears that I have a few hours in-game, but I was playing with another account before, where I already finished 6 seasons with my own created team, so I really enjoy a lot of the game already.Best reggards!"
,Recommended,415200,32627785,Posted: 21 June,all,Wolfsbane212,"Oh this is sooo addictive. Could be a bit more indepth with more things to manage, for example Im in my fifth season and Im not sure about other people but my drivers dont get traits very often, the engineers and designers never seem to and I dont feel like their is enough media attention about the place. Overall though very addictive game."
76561198011102125,Recommended,415200,32666589,Posted: 22 June,all,Scotsgrey,"The closest experience in managing a F1 team. You can easily put hours into the base game but a lot of mods also add F1 liscened teams ie Ferrari, Mercedes as well as Formula E or indy if you are into those series. Well worth the price if on sale"
,Recommended,415200,32717002,Posted: 24 June,all,Adimrf,"A well-made and satisfying management game as techincal director in motorsport. I am a casual F1 follower and this game definitely fun to me.A sport management game is my favorite and Football manager series is where I spend most of my time gaming. I am defintely itching for other type of sports beside football and I think this is the answer.In overall, it is 9 out of 10.What I like:+ It has a decent basic varieties within the game: type of motor sport, tier system, rules, drivers availability, random event, etc. I feel the game captures all the basic requirements in terms of content.+ The progression system is satisfying: you can grow the team that you lead from lowest tier to the highest tier and making them competitive with all the upgrades. You can also apply for that job in higher division.+ The financial side of the game is challenging, not hard but also definitely not easy. What I like is that the game has a budget predicition per race, so that you are always aware on your situation.What I dislike:- The quallifying session has an annoying mini game to me. If you don't like it, you can let it done automatically. In overall, I have never succeed in qualy, always underperform. I end up using skip session just to see the final results, except when I see there is a weather change within the session - you must exploit it.- There is no way to save a car setup in based on a track. Everytime you come to the same track in the following year, although your car may be different, it is like you know nothing about it. What I did in the end is just looking at the community guide where a well-made car setup is available. You use the practice session to slightly tweak those car settings to match your situation."
76561198018623487,Recommended,415200,32691727,Posted: 23 June,all,hpexpress,wish they have could put in on the hud rpm and speedometer.Then take it to a different level and build engines to see how they perform.
76561197968928855,Recommended,415200,32679350,Posted: 23 June,all,Atomiczam,Can be challanging and I dislike having the rebuild the car from almost nothing every season but it's an engaging race sim that can easily make you lose track of time.
,Recommended,415200,32824938,Posted: 26 June,all,Slaaz,Im having loads of fun. If you like motorsports you should get it!
76561198395045388,Recommended,415200,32854934,Posted: 27 June,all,alessandrosouthward1,i am a big fan of f1 watched it since i was  6 years old. and loved watching lewis is amazing. any way have played motorsport manager on tablet and it was really good played hours and hours on it. now i got the pc motorsport manager its so much better. it could be alot better if am honest. the reason i say that is because there should be a start like how you get  in to the f1 like doing test for each ties to get in to it. and also i think you should be able to sell parts of the car. and as a manager i think you should be able to see the point of view of a manager more like life buys house cars stuff like you would do in life. if you had the money and i think there should be like newspaper comes out and teams are on it  and your self when you be come a manager there could be alot of udates you can do to this game but i think and hope the owner of the game reads this and puts these updates in place in game so it would be more fun and real life. and the prices would go up on the game and i would still buy it. thank you for reading
,Recommended,415200,32894944,Posted: 27 June,all,Menacing Meijer,pretty good
76561197975525299,Recommended,415200,32928511,Posted: 28 June,all,KoYoke,"My 1st motosports game, before this was FM series.Thumbs up reccomend to play if you like to manage team."
,Recommended,415200,32904632,Posted: 27 June,all,S1L3NC10,"Awesome game... Personally I do not have a lot of time (and patience) which is required for this game and chose to refund it and spend it on some co-op games to play with friends. Overall, I've played the mobile version, and this is miles above (OFC), feature rich, good representation of motorsports in general. But if you have the time and dedication, this is a truly well constructed game."
76561198275684156,Recommended,415200,32851871,Posted: 27 June,all,juicy.dangler,"Love it, even though I know nothing about motorsport. As evidenced by the fact that I'm repeatedly running businesses, careers and dreams into the ground. Somehow tons of muppet sponsors still want to give me upfront cash and I receive eye-wateringly large prize cheques at the end of the season despite my abysmal performance. Not since Goldman Sachs has such reckless incompetence been rewarded so highly."
,Recommended,415200,32865600,Posted: 27 June,all,zehazoltan,"Not as detailed as Football Manager, not even as Pro Cycling Manager, but it's the most streamlined and easiest to get in. Not so steep learning curve, and solid gameplay, I didn't experience gamebreaking bugs. It should develop a lot more in terms of database/championships but still a good fit for everyone who enjoys manager games."
76561198057448816,Recommended,415200,32910766,Posted: 27 June,all,OcMaH,If you like manager games. Try this!
,Recommended,415200,33125523,Posted: 2 July,all,Glo0mY,Awesome :D
,Recommended,415200,33130695,Posted: 2 July,all,>dr1zzle,"Very much good, I like."
76561198042993400,Recommended,415200,33101041,Posted: 1 July,all,raptor1090,I'm not a racing fan at all but absolutely love simulation and management games. Motorsport Manager does not fail to disappoint one bit and is definitely worth having in your library.
76561198081252455,Recommended,415200,33107180,Posted: 1 July,all,Iggy,"This game is absolutely stellar.  ABSOLUTELY STELLAR.  If you played Grand Prix Manager (the old microprose managerial titles), F1 Championship Manager, Grand Prix World...this game is literally that with every little polishing you could ask for.  I've played just an hour and I'm absolutely floored--I can already see exactly what inspiration they took from these games...it has safety cars...you build the parts...you partake in changing the rules...the politics, the strategy, and the managering is ALL there.  I will be playing this an absolute ton...and I'm very excited to see all the mods available too (the game saved you paying $500 for this title by not seeking licenses...but the tracks you go to matter, it's very clear what parts are more or less important.)  In short, game is very detailed and if you like manager games and motorsport--this is an absolute must buy.  (Got on sale, but seriously if I spent $40 on this I wouldn't be disappointed at all--see my other reviews for $40+ disappointment from AAA.)I really can't say more...this group built THE GAME...it's amazing...buy it"
,Recommended,415200,31844749,Posted: 19 May,all,N0STALG1C,"MMIf I was to sum this up in one word, it would the this: Outstanding!There is no other game like this...And it was also an offer, so this is even better!0_0"
76561198010264883,Recommended,415200,33770571,Posted: 24 July,all,DestroXV,"Absolutely amazing game. Detailed, but not overly so, with some interesting game mechanics, and broad appeal for motorsport fans and general strategy/gaming enthusiasts alike. Visually impressive. Easy to pick up and play, but still plenty of depth under the hood. Excellent UI. Whilst fictional, the championships and drivers can be modded, being replaced by heroes of your choice. That said, the fictional characters and teams are all very good and highly immersive. Development team highly comitted to updates and free DLC roadmap (some paid ones planned too).Bought this and put 30 hours into it in one weekend. Go TITAN Racing!Buy it. CANT RECOOMEND ENOUGH!!Edit: The ONLY complaint i have about it is how the race engine handles blue flags, and penalties for holding up traffic. So many times the guy infront of my car holds me up only for the guy im battling behind me to slip through us both. Flagged drivers that hold up traffic need penalties just as in actual motorsport. Else, give me a post race punchup interface."
,Recommended,415200,33827062,Posted: 27 July,all,sekwah275,"An absolutely fantastic game for any fan of motorsport. Not since Grand Prix Manager 2 has there been a motorsport management game of this quality, and this surpasses it in essentially every way, espeically the race day elements which are excellent.Major elements that are still missing and I really want to see added via free or DLC means are multiplayer (absolutely essential) and more diverse racing series. A GT Cars DLC has been added, but we need Touring Cars, motorbikes and oval racing! A more radical addition would be rallying, but this may be too grand an addition for this game - an essential addition for MM2!"
76561198354899777,Recommended,415200,33796377,Posted: 25 July,all,tkta4comer,it is fun but i cant get the create your own team to download
76561198079912534,Recommended,415200,34454457,Posted: 24 August,all,MaverickFlyBoy,"This is one of the first team management games I've ever bought. And will probably be the last! (Until they come out with a MM2 for PC) Anyway's, great game, I love how detailed it is. And since it's on sale, It's a STEAL! Even if you dont like F1 or racing, if you like sports management, get this game. If you like F1 or any kind of car racing for that matter, this game is for you!"
,Recommended,415200,34603885,Posted: 30 August,all,✪ AKU SIBUK TAU,Nice game....
76561198069484443,Recommended,415200,34603114,Posted: 30 August,all,general-speeder,This game does take time to workout depending on were you want to start depends on how fast you move up the chain in terms of rankings the diffrence is noticable as you upgrade your HQEvery game takes it time to get to a nice place in the game keep to a plan and thats how you climb the field its not a quick climb
76561197992178786,Recommended,415200,34590004,Posted: 29 August,all,DarthJW,"One of, if not the best racing manager sims since the days of Grand Prix 2.  With all the recent updates and bug fixes it is even more highly recommended."
76561198037554302,Recommended,415200,34601676,Posted: 30 August,all,Lord Newbie,"Good beard options. Playable. Just needs multiplayer, maybe one day."
76561198071261071,Recommended,415200,34061669,Posted: 6 August,all,mikegrey,you are in fith postion 3 laps to go yu are pushing hard to pass the two cars in front of you for a poduim finish.  two laps to go now in 4 th postion.   WOW now you are in second one lap to go.   Oh dear your super soft tires have run out of tread you are overtaken by six cars and end up seventh.Your chasing for 5th the car in front of you has run out of fuel yayLove it great game lots of fun and addictive.     Although not perfect8 out of ten   80%
76561198271992178,Recommended,415200,30156738,Posted: 24 February,all,ddiaz1991,nice game pretty complete with what you want in sports manager
76561198004051959,Recommended,415200,34006375,Posted: 3 August,all,HornetA9,"I know nothing about motorsports. But with fun sliders, chuckle-worthy dialog and a basic, football manager-lite experience I was hooked. This is motorsport spreadsheets and it's a blast. If you like FM style management games, this will get you hooked regardless of if you know where the gas pedal is or not."
76561198055657247,Recommended,415200,34023129,Posted: 4 August,all,The Pellaverse,very addictive!  fun game to play....hooks you and keeps you involved!
76561198009002161,Recommended,415200,33987536,Posted: 3 August,all,Destin65,"Really enjoyed this game. It really was a pleasant surprise and nicely filled a need of what I was looking for in a race team management sim.PROS:- All the glory, agony and soap-opera style drama you'd expect from professional racing. Drivers complain, develop attitudes/traits, grow and improve, grow old and retire, etc. Same with staff to a lesser degree.- Lots of stuff to do from managing the finances (particularly if you create your own new race team) to building up the team's headquarters and facilities, scouting drivers and staff for possible hiring while firing or letting contracts run out on those you don't want to keep around if at the end of the season, designing the car in between season, designing improved parts during the season and improving the car overall in order to keep pace or attempt to surpass the competition on your path to glory. You can even customize the car's look/paintjob and also that of the team members.- Choice to take over management of an existing team or creating a brand new team of your own. Be warned, it's a tall order to start with literally nothing but a starter car, some cash and basic staff and drivers. But then, therein lies the fun and satisfaction of the long-term play as you build a minnow team into a shark that eats up the competition.- Nicely done race strategy in which you can give individual drivers driving style orders, pit calls and decisions on fuel, tires, risk a fast pit stop or play it safe, gamble on if the rain is gonna last or will soon clear up and dry the track, etc. Many times races can be won and lost, or positions changes by these very important decisions taking place in realtime. Thankfully, you can pause the action (nice touch!) if you wanna think about something.- Single player, take all the time you want. Also have a rolling auto-save feature that keeps the last 5 auto-saves just in case you really mess up bad and need to travel back in time.- Women. They're everywhere! And bless 'em, some of them are great! Nice to see plenty of diversity in a game, as well there should be being that it is based on international motorsport competition.- Game has been regularly updated.- DLC is nice. GT cars not only add the GT cars but also some more tracks in addition to the ones already in the game. Also, DLC that allows you to create your own team and gives more customization options is great too.- There's a governoring sports association thing in the game that meets occasionally to discuss rules changes for the following season. So you get to vote on things like adding a track to the calendar to make the season longer, or adding that track in place of an existing track on the schedule, or you can decide to allow driver aids, spec engines, different types of qualifying formats and points payouts, etc., etc. This is a really nice feature of the game as well as it gives you the ability and immersion of being a part of something bigger than just your race team and which allows you to affect the direction and ever-changing nature of the sport itself.CONS:Not too many cons but a couple I feel need to be pointed out.- The AI drivers and staff can be pretty static. Meaning, whenever you start a new career with a team you'll find the same starting drivers and staff on all the same teams. Which is ok I suppose, and there is a reason for that due to the games' challenges/mission.  However, the same drivers/staff with same potential and often same skills except the ones still developing and which you can steer/groom to improve differently than they may have otherwise. The only variance seems to be in the driver  traits as those seem to come along fairly randomly whether they are permanent or temporary traits. Mechanics will always have the same relationship skill with their driver pairing. Also, when drivers retire it becomes nearly predictable what rookies then show up in the free agent driver listing. And so once you play the game a couple of careers and get to know the drivers/staff over time as you scout them all to see their skills and potential then for all future seasons you then know who to hire and roughly when they'll be available if they are not in the starting allotment of drivers and personnel. That tends to take some of the fun and randomness out of the game. Still, just because you know where/when the drivers/staff are, that doesn't necessarily mean you'll always get them on your team as you still have to negotiate and beat out other teams' offers.- Women. I already listed as a pro but many people consider it a con. So if you dislike the idea of a strong female presence in the game or female drivers winning races or even seeing an all-female podium occassionally then you'll probably want to get the ""realism mod for butthurt men"" that you can find on the internet and think it's also in the Steam Workshop for the game too. Me? I just run the game vanilla and have fun no matter the gender. It's a game.WISHLIST:- Would love to see a MotoGP DLC for the game as that would add more fun and depth to the game and possibly even allow the rare 2-wheel/4-wheel driver to create their own legend.- Would love the ability to manage more than one time in a series at a time. For example, having my race team in both the Formula and GT series' respectively and being able to manage both or either/or as you like. While it's not necessary it would definitely up the immersion factor. But maybe that would be too much management?   ;-)- To be honest, any and all racing series would be a great addition to the game over time and the game seems ready made to accept it all. A solid foundation of a game with a hopefully bright future."
,Recommended,415200,34099566,Posted: 8 August,all,Hauntshade,"This game brings me back to the good old days of Grand Prix Manager & Grand Prix Manager 2, finally a racing manager game that is able to live up to those good old days, it was about time :)Can't wait to see where this game is going in the future.If you are like me and enjoyed GPM & GPM2 i do recommend getting this game."
,Recommended,415200,34308623,Posted: 17 August,all,Gr8Tim22,Game is allot of fun.Only sometimes you get completly ♥♥♥♥ed over.Bad qually then double driver out. Or both drivers destroy their REAR wing AND get a drive throught penalty...I mean like i never seen this happen IRL. Why does this happen ingame.
76561198030554722,Recommended,415200,34379646,Posted: 20 August,all,the_wretched79,"This game is great, simple as that, it has depth and stretegy, its hard and rewarding. The only downside is the regular client crashes, literally nothing else bad about it."
76561198012346438,Recommended,415200,29030491,Posted: 5 January,all,DoubleTen [ZOOM],"Something to say about this game + all DLC after 160 hours, keep in mind this is an indie game.+ Addicting as hell+ You can manage almost everything, from the GQ to the staff to the sponsor offers+ Random events can totally change your strategies+ Immersivity is great+ Open wheels are great, GT cars are even better+ Community workshop is great+ Even a never-manager player can find it funny and enjoyable+ The devs are always on work with it- no official licenses- car sounds is average- few (fictional) tracks- only 5 Categories (3 open wheels, 2 GT)- it becomes relatively easy after 5 seasons- For now, workshop can't add any new track or championship8/10 buy it now and you won't regret it"
,Recommended,415200,34405334,Posted: 21 August,all,NanoXTen,"This game is more developed than you would think because I did not expect such a game for the 12 dollars I paid for at the time. It speaks for itself, the developers did a great job and I am suprised it's not more popular. The game is very in-depth being able to control most to all of the managment of finances, car, headquarter, and many other aspects of the game. The game also does not stay the same as there are votes to change rules in the division. Overall I highly recommend this game to play for long periods of time and I hope you enjoy it as much as I do."
76561198143603638,Recommended,415200,34405308,Posted: 21 August,all,Twitch,"Amazing game. I've put countless hours into the mobile version before buying the PC version, and the PC version is everything i could have ever imagined. If you've ever played the mobile version, you will absolutly love the steam version. If this is your first time at Motorsport Manager, prepare to get addicted, Civilization 5 level of addicted. I love it so much, im not even mad that i spend the full 34.99 and 4 days later it goes on sale for 11.99. 10/10 would pay full price again."
,Recommended,415200,34420818,Posted: 22 August,all,Vinco,"I will never get bored of this game.Awsome content, variety, the devs are also active on fixing any bugs and releasing patches and new content.Could be a little more in-dept, but for the average motorsport fan this is exactly what you can expect from a game like this.10/9,5"
,Recommended,415200,34250318,Posted: 14 August,all,Boganforce,When my number 1 driver brought home my team's first win in the WMC series after many years of R&D and investment I couldn't help but clench fist just like the drivers/teams do in real F1. It was incredible and no F1 sim has come close to that same feeling.Its about the closest thing you'll get to being a F1 Manager and by far the best racing manager sim out there.
,Recommended,415200,29990369,Posted: 17 February,all,M-Bimmer,"Initial impressions: i am hooked and will be coming back for more. Loved MM on iOS but on the PC it is a real beast. Loads of stuff to do so killing hours or and even days (if you don't have a life) won't be a problem.It is nice to sit back, relax and play while having some drinks. i really don't mind sometimes leaving AC, R3E, AMS, Dirt Rally and F1 16' to chill on MM.(Bought it while it was 50%)Update: what can i say...this game is still so damn addictive :)Totally don't mind having in game purchases.Had a season where the car reliability at the beginning of the season was down the drain (pitting to fix parts every couple of laps was a real pain)  so no cash from sponsors when needing to expand the HQ facility or hire better staff. Anyways, this game is worth every penny.I'll be getting MM2 on iOS to get my fix on the go..."
76561198375557908,Recommended,415200,34552863,Posted: 28 August,all,mrpaniotis,τελειο παιχνιδι
76561198009023707,Recommended,415200,34961592,Posted: 14 September,all,InFiNiTe,"I am not a racing fan but do enjoy simulation and management games so i took a chance on this game while on sale. The reviews were very positive. I have found the career mode to have more depth than most other sports games with career modes. You do have to approach the game with both short term and long term goals. If you make all your decisions just based on the current season it can cost you in the upcoming season. The game allows the use of mods and there is a very strong community that enhances the value and playability of the game. The visuals are extremely good for a simulator. This has become my game of choice since I purchased it. My only real complaint is that I can easily lose an entire evening without realizing it if I don't watch the clock. Yes, my complaint is I can get too immersed.I personally play with the FIRE mod that increases the challenge of the game. The impact of personalities, events, weather, rules voting, etc help perpetuate how decisions impact future outcomes. Having to predict how you will finish the season is a nice touch with costs and rewards. And so what if I bought or sold a vote regarding qualifying, number of races, or stock parts?If you like sport sims, regardless of whether you are a racing fan or not, you will appreciate the detail and the meaningfulness of the decisions you make, the quality visuals, and depth of play."
76561198008743851,Recommended,415200,34957718,Posted: 14 September,all,nolwe,Could finally toss away an old Grand Prix World CD
,Recommended,415200,35116769,Posted: 21 September,all,Manicaeks,"Pretty fun game, can be repetitive, desperately needs a native borderless fullscreen option."
76561198403084330,Recommended,415200,35139390,Posted: 22 September,all,Gone InZane,This game keeps my brain smart
,Recommended,415200,34982844,Posted: 15 September,all,King Avory,"Amazing F1 game for those who can't drive! ...that's a good thing!I've never been good at the realistic F1 games so I never got into them; but as a big Formula 1 fan I saw Motorsport Manager and queried it. The seeminly no-mention and very basic looking game made me skeptical before purchased. But I reach in and payed my way into a spectacular game that I can't believe I hadn't tried sooner!The little toy-car and model houses style makes the game very tidy and not graphically intensive; all of the infomation you need to play the game is provided clearly to you and you will get addicted after your first race.I do hope they bring out a track-pack DLC for this game as I would love a Monaco, Baku, Mexico City and Speilburg style/themed tracks and night/dusk options for tracks like Singapore!Over all Motorsport Manager has gone Purple in my list of best games for 2017 but it can still go faster!(PS. ""Gone purple"" means best so far)"
76561198139738913,Recommended,415200,34997226,Posted: 16 September,all,SGD,if you are fan of motorsports you should play this game. perfect. you can use your own strategies  to win the race or get points if you are a underdog team.
,Recommended,415200,35008573,Posted: 16 September,all,Mallenz,"I simply love this game. For the Formula 1 management fans, there are great mods that give a whole new meaning to this game.You could either play as a fantasy game, starting your own team and finding your way to the top, or you can MOD the game and manage a real team, with real drivers, sponsors, suppliers, etc...Graphics are nice and the game has a great balance between the things you have to manage, without being too overwhelming."
76561198019583324,Recommended,415200,34999862,Posted: 16 September,all,slipf18,"I love this game and find it mildly addicting.If you like racing you will as well. It is a good management game focused on the long haul to bring a bottom end ""also ran"" team in a lower series to a winning team in the top tier of racing. There is a decent balance between depth, detail, and playablility. It is not so detailed that it seems like work and not so simple as to be mindless. Lots of decisions to make on the car development, people, facilities.The 3D graphics are pretty decent.I have found the game to be quite stable. It has always run smoothly and has never crashed."
76561198069224693,Recommended,415200,35071380,Posted: 19 September,all,xXx_MLG_GoaT_xXx,atleast here max verstappen (rick de graaf in game) doesnt get as many DNF's as in the 2017 season.
76561198389942443,Recommended,415200,35074922,Posted: 19 September,all,ortegavictor0,"Best racing simulation  game in the market, hands down. Love the graphics huge formula 1 fan, and when i seen this game and reviews i was amazed when i seen the trailer, graphics and audio. And theres so much more inside  the game, it even too hard to list. Once played you will be adicted i gurantee it. Good Job to the developers and the team who put this amazing game to the world! cant wait to see what these guys will do in the future."
,Recommended,415200,34940163,Posted: 13 September,all,Empire Rule,"Motorsport Manager is an amazing game in terms of what it does. With a low level of complexity to the user, MM still stays very deep in terms of gameplay, creating a game that is easy to learn, but hard to master."
76561198005522120,Recommended,415200,30995771,Posted: 7 April,all,neutrino,++
76561197979828414,Recommended,415200,26728779,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,REVENGER,erg verslavend spel in alle raceklasse meer dan 500 uur erop zitten en nog niet genoeg van deze game!!
76561198277166330,Recommended,415200,31586610,Posted: 6 May,all,craziness924,This game is so [CENSORED BY GMA] good.
,Recommended,415200,35213961,Posted: 25 September,all,Frederick S. Cairo II,I've been into stuff behind the scenes for racing so I fell in love with this game right away! If you enjoy that as well buy this game!
,Recommended,415200,35141911,Posted: 22 September,all,Jloo,"Better than F1 2015, lol, this is a simulation for racing fans, not just f1 fans.Pros:GraphicsRuns on bad computersVery detailedVery simulationryFeels like your a real managerAND MAKES YOUR RAGE (when your with Mclaren)Cons:Too much ragexDSometimes laggyNo multiplayer, would be cool to implement a team into a multiplayer race and vers your friendsOverall 9/10Def worth a buy, got it for huge sale :D"
76561198223350840,Recommended,415200,35177795,Posted: 24 September,all,Speed24,"A really nice F1 game, reminiscent of the old (!) Team F1 game from Ascaron.The gameplay is nice and addictive, the graphics are great."
76561198273750899,Recommended,415200,35169413,Posted: 23 September,all,Darksunking,i love this game ive been playing for 9 hours now
,Recommended,415200,34419773,Posted: 22 August,all,Lookas,This game is awesome!I recommend MM^^
