user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,415480,22654544,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Aruz,"I'll start with the cons, as they're pretty short and minor.Cons:- NO NEPGEAR (Or any of the other CPU Candidates)- 30 FPS Lock (Not that big a deal since it's a strategy game, but still a slight negative for me)- Sound issues; the music does not loop well so it'll just restart abruptly in the middle of basically anything- Due to its chibi-style, in-game graphics are rather weak. Charming, but could've been a lot better. And like all other Neptunia games, assets are recycled hard.- Not sure if it's just me, but for some reason I don't get achievement notifications until I exited out of the game and got a bunch at once.- Slighty annoying controls; they're pretty standard, but some things are just a little annoying and I'll detail them a little more below.Problems I have with control scheme (using an xbox 360 controller, I don't know about keyboard controls):During the battle setup, you can only go through enemy units based on a list. Can't freely move around and check stuff yourself.Buff/debuff information not readily available; need to press B on a character to see itThe left analog stick is used to control the camera (as are the LB and RB buttons for 90 degree intervals), and the right stick is used to control the zoom. This would've been much nicer having LB/RB control zoom, and right stick control camera.While the game will tell you, this is nice to know earlier: You can slightly affect the path your unit takes by changing its orientation before moving (X on gamepad)That's all I find wrong with the game.Pros:+ Gameplay is fun (like a weaker fire emblem, sorry that's the only other grid-based strategy game I've played so it's the only comparison I can make). Mechanics are all explained when necessary and are not difficult to understand and remember.+ Incentive to buy stuff from the shop with the ""Noire's Room"" simulation thing. Since the game is Noire focused, the global ""EVENT!"" things from the previous games are all focused around Noire now.+ The characters so far are fun and cute. The CPUs have the same personality as their other games so no surprises there.+ They have replayable missions with rewards that change from the first time you beat them, giving you a reason to do it again (and a way to grind up any characters who may have lagged behind)+ Same charm and humor as the other games.I would recommend the game. It's a lot better than the other spin off on steam, Hyperdimension Neptunia U: Action Unleashed. That said, do remember that this is a strategy game. It may not be to your liking. If that's the case, remember you can refund it within a week if your playtime is under 2 hours.And since some of you might be confused by the DLC, it's all pretty much just OP items, not necessary at all.The only exceptions are: ""Ultimate Event Full Unlock"", which unlocks all gallery items (I'm like 80% sure you can unlock them all in-game anyway, this is just a shortcut), and the four bonus characters: Tiara from Fairy Fencer, IF and Compa from the main games, and Sting, who is just a DLC-original character for this game (I looked it up to verify). I would consider those 4 characters to be the only DLC worth getting, don't bother with any of the gear packs."
76561198174053214,Recommended,415480,31734201,Posted: 13 May,all,vicdinnen,"We'll start with a quick summary for this one: if you haven't played a Neptune game yet, this is not the first one you should pick (unless you really like strategy rpgs and dislike jrpgs).  I'll still recommend the first Hyperdimension if you haven't tried one at all.  If you have played them and love the games and the characters and interactions, then this has more of the same fun wackiness that is Nep-Nep, but the actual gameplay may feel more of a grind and 'in the way' of seeing the story and interactions.You actually play the role of a guy that is in the Nep-Nep world, and you end up helping Noire out with a situation, and from there you continue to follow Noire and help her deal with what's happening in Gamindustry.  And from there, the story continues: not everyone likes this kind of 'twist' to a Nep-Nep game, so that's why I mention it.  I didn't mind the idea, but the interactions between Noire and the 'player' are about 50/50: half funny, and half just awfully awkward.  There are also a bunch of new characters introduced, and the interactions with these characters are MUCH better and interesting for the most part: this is the best part of the game.The story is about the same quality as most Neptune stories.  The music IS the same as other Neptunes (actually a lot is recycled, but if you played any more than one Neptune game you know what it's going to be like).  The gameplay... well... perhaps it's because I don't have much time to sit down and play these games, but it felt really slow and frustrating (I hate crates and stacking them to reach areas that are too high, and also traps in general: others probably like that it adds variety to the missions.  If you really like strategy games, this will be a fun thing: if you just want to see the interactions like I do... well, prepare yourself!)And the final thing: Neptune games are known to have lots of grinding to them, especially if you love achievements and unlocking everything.  If this is you, then this game is even MORE grinding than most other Neptune games: I bypassed a great deal of achievements because... well, I lack patience, lol.It has enough fun and humor and interactions for me to recommend the game, but I'd wait for a sale for this one.  I'd imagine most other Neptune games would be a better pick to get while you wait for a sale here.  That's if you are looking for *another* Neptune game: if you haven't tried one, pick the first one first!"
,Recommended,415480,22717357,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Y a s u r a o k a - s a n,"Idea Factory has yet released another installment for the Neptunia franchise on Steam for PC players to enjoy!This time around, it's another spinoff surrounding by our CPU of Lastation, Noire! (Or... Black Heart if you prefer that)Being a spinoff from the main Re;birth games. This time around we are leaving the world of RPG to a SRPG styled gameplay with our beloved and soon to be beloved characters chibi-fied! That's right, all those chibi artworks you may have seen floating around the net as pictures or merch created by Tsunako-san shall now come to life and ready for action.Also to note, this takes in the world of Gamarket (See what they did there, so punny! (....*walks away* I know, that was lame... xD))In regards to gameplay, it's slower than your usual battles from the main game. When your characters move they have  a specific range in which you can select to move to. Items and activating HDD is same as ever. There are no maps. Like, Neptunia U. The story proceeds through doing quests! But not to worry, our hidden boxes and items are stillin the game but in battle as treasure chests... :3Lily Ranks are now triggered using SP Skills and Moves if characters are adjacent to each other. I find that a nice touch because this means you can rank up more than 1 time in battle.Some additional info, this is the first time I've encountered a Neptunia crash when opening the game (I was quite surprised since I own all the games and never experienced it). For those who are having trouble, I'd like to share how I resolved this. Set the game as an Administrator and run Windows 8 Compatibility Mode. It works for me and I have Windows 8.1 (Yes, I haven't upgraded lol). So yeah! Hopefully this trick will work for others too :))"
,Not Recommended,415480,23708893,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Maxer00,"Best girl in the game = best game?Highly anticipated by some, though not everyone. Here's the second Neptunia spin-off featuring the lovely tsundere goddess Noire. Is the game worthy of having her name in the title? Well...The game already came out a year ago on PS Vita with mixed reviews at the time, and for good reasons too. Now it's time to see how well it does on PC.The PositiveNoire is the protagonist this time around. The game's setting - an alternate universe, with Noire's city being the center of attention.Hyperdevotion Noire is not a typical JRPG, a Strategy RPG rather. Similiar to Fire Emblem and Final Fantasy Tactics gameplay wise.Once you get the game running properly (more on that later), it runs rather smoothly, can be set to FULL HD resolution.New characters associated with Lastation, that are based off playstation titles (Solid snake never looked so full-o-melons). CGs included of course.An interesting minimode featuring Noire and secretary dealing with the requests of the people. Silly dialogue, Ho!The NeutralTypical to Neptunia series, a lighthearted Save-the-world plot, which is mostly just an excuse to see cute girls interacting with one another.Noire is accompanied by Secretary - the faceless, nameless, self-insert (male?) player character. Some part of the Neptunia community are very put off by this. ""Noire, romancing amalecharacter? Outrageous.""Interesting Chibi (small and deformed) depictions of characters instead of typical full-size 3D models.On a technical side, there is a 30fps cap. Might not be a problem to everyone of course.As common with Neptunia games in general, it's not fully balanced. Don't be surprised to be wiped by a single +5lvl enemy.DLC for each character's best weapon to plow through the game fast, DLC for 4 extra characters (no events beside their missions sadly), DLC to unlock all events (that you'd need to grind for otherwise). I guess they are ok if you value your time more than your wallet.The NegativeHyperdevotion Noire launched with numerous game-crashing bugs, with some not fully fixed till now: Crash during video cutscenes due to lack of certain codes |fixed?|, occasional crashing when selecting Disc Dev option due to denied memory access bug |maybe fixed|, sudden sound disappearances followed by performance drops fixed only by restarting the game. Some bugs are fixable thanks to the community, which is a relief.Most of the soundtrack is re-used from previous games, though not a problem to newcomers, fans might feel a bit dissapointed.Gameplay specifics: Fall damage, booby traps and such affect your team, doesn't affect the enemies at all. Probably due to bad AI, the dev team were probably too lazy to make enemies smart enough to avoid traps.To get to the true ending and unlock optional 1-2 hours long extra dialogue between characters a 2 hour ""Lily rank"" grind is required. It's dull, and sadly not entertaining to do. Of course, you can unlock the events with a DLC, though then the question raises, why would you make the grind so tiring in the first place?Completionists should be prepared for another grindfest. just like with NepU, you'll spend at least more than 15 hours grinding for achievements. Make sure to ingest so Zombrex on the way!ConclusionHyperdevotion Noire: GBH on the surface is a good addition to the Nep series, with a colorful cast, more wacky dialogues between them, more references, and more plump bouncy...content. Sadly, compared to the other games in the series, the gameplay is quite slower due to it being a Turn Based RPG. Those wishing to complete the game fully might have a bad time grinding.Should you get the game? To the devoted fans of the franchise I say - sure. If you're not, you might want to consider looking for alternatives or waiting for a discount before trying this game out."
,Recommended,415480,32790645,Posted: 25 June,all,wzagorski89,"So I bought this game as part of the most recent Steam Sale, I'm a huge supporter of the games made by Idea Factory and Compile Heart.The game was going well up until I get to the sub mission involving fighting IF and then the dragon afterwards. When it got to the Dragon's first turn, as soon as it did its attack, all sound cut out.Music, SFX, Voice. All of it, just silent.The game continued to play normally despite the sound, but as I continued on in the fight against the dragon, I ended up having a huge graphical slowdown. Just the game and nothing else. Internet Browser still worked fine, every other application worked fine. It was just this game.I'm still recommending it as a fan of the Neptunia series, but I hope this isn't a continuing issue.Also, I didn't notice, but the achievements never popped up until I closed the game."
,Recommended,415480,32568236,Posted: 19 June,all,Honkers,"I bought the game purely to hear Ito Rikako's voice and I don't regret it.10/10 would pay 30€ for a side character's voice againThe game is cool btw, go get it."
69696969696969696,Recommended,415480,23513247,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Vanilla Ice Cream,"The PSVITA version of this game was notorious for being plagued with gamebreaking bugs and glitches, many of which resulted in crashes and other nonsense that made the game almost unplayable. In the fancy new PC version of this game, all of those have been fixed. And with all of that nonsense patched up, the game is actually playable, and it's fantastic. Aside from a few minor things, this game is actually worth buying. While on sale, that is.The GameplayThis game plays the same way that any other turn based strategy game would. You chose your units, and you take turns beating the livid fadoodles out of each other. The game revolves aroud the ""Peck"" mechanic, which basically means that when 2 or more units are right beside each other and one of them attacks, the attacker's skills will not only cost less, but do more damage as well. This does leave you vulnerable to AoE (Area of Effect) attacks, which are especially damaging in hardmode (I'm talking to you, Beam). Lily ranks are also a thing in this game, and all they do is unlock events in the CPU Hotel, increase the effects of ""Peck,"" and are needed to unlock the good ending. They're only built by pecking and the maximum is 100. So if you want those achievements, better start grinding.There's also an elemental cycle in this game, which consists of fire, wind, electricity, and ice. It's pretty standard, but is really confusing at first. Fire beats wind, wind beats electricity, electricity beats ice, and ice beats fire. Almost all enemies are one of these elements, with bosses and some regular enemies being the only exception. You can change the element affinities of your units by equiping crystals onto them. There are also different levels to the crystals, with larger numbers meaning that if the unit equips a higher level crystal, they will have a a larger advantage against whatever they're strong against, but a larger weakness to whatever they're weak against.Other than those, it's your basic strategy game, with loads of different units which all have different skills, along with loads of enemies with loads of loot. The objectives of each mission is usually the standard ""Kill everything that breathes,"" with the occasional ""Defend this thing/area"". Each story mission takes place in a different place, with a different gimmick, which prevents the game from getting too stale. They also throw new units at your each chapter, which also helps prevent it from getting stale. Each character references a different game series, which adds to the uniqueness of the game. However, in battle, the CPUs are absolutely broken because HDD exists, as you can pretty much stomp most enemies and bosses in the game with HDD spam. I've also seen people get mad at the 30 FPS cap, but unlike an shooter, having more frames doesn't really affect the game aside from making it look cooler, so that wasn't really a concern for me in particular.The Story and ArtGeneric self-insert male character is generic. You see, the Nep games always tend to have good storylines, with Re;Birth 1 being an excellent example of that. However, the self-insert male makes the story significantly worse, possibly even the worst of all the Nep games. He doesn't even do anything interesting, or helpful, or anything besides giving a word of encouragment here and there. Other than that, the story is pretty good, so I'm not going to spoil anything here.The art is drawn by Tsunako, which is always good, because Tsunako is a godly artist, who's also drawn pretty much every other Nep game out there. I personally like chibis as a whole, but when incorporated as a 3D model, they don't look nearly as appealing. I personally would have liked something similar to Fire Emblem, where you control pixel models on the map and zoom in during combat, but that's just me.Everything ElseAside from those, there are also a variety of other things you can do as well. The significant ones being Sim Noire and the CPU Hotel. Sim Noire is basically a a combination between a home decorator and a mini dating simulator between Noire and Generic Anime Male #1. You can buy different pieces of furniture for your home with Sim points, which you get as a bonus for buying things at the shop with actual money. There's also the option to take up requests by the citizens of Gamarket, which is the dating simulator element of this. When you pick a request, you are granted with three possible lines to say, you click one, and watch a short conversation between Noire and Generic Anime Male #1. That's it.The other thing worth noting is the CPU Hotel. In here, you can view events with each of the characters in the game. These events are unlocked depending with their Lily rank with Noire. These, unlike the requests in Sim Noire, aren't cringe worthy at all, but are actually quite interesting and give a bit of background information about each character and what game they reference.Aside from those, you got the Shop, where you buy stuff. The Disk Dev, where you can burn chips into disks to equip onto your characters, which give different buffs depending on the chip. Finally, you got the Item Dev, where you make items with the loot you get from chests and dead things.The ConclusionI am by NO means a decent reviewer. I just happened to type this on a whim because I like this game a decent amount. However, in my 60+ hours of laying this game, I can say with confidence that this game is totally worth buying for the reasons listed above. I am 100% sure that I am missing several important details, but there are other reviews out there, so go read those instead if you wanted something professional. That's my cue to bounce, for this review is over now."
,Recommended,415480,22659370,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,pSnowy,They kiss each other to power up.
,Not Recommended,415480,22711878,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,General Waifu,"As much as it pains me, as a Hyperdimension Neptunia fan, owning all the Nep games on steam, the beggining of this game alone made me lose all interest in playing it through. At least I was able to finish Re;Birth 2. The reason for this is a personal preference, at for other people this might be no problem, so unless you share the feeling you might actually like this game.Basically, it's the ""Player"" thing. One thing is having to play as a protagonist character with a defined personality and behavior. You might agree more or less with the character, but it's someone else, in the end. But not in here. Noire is kind of the protagonist, sure, but ""your character"" is there. A faceless, voiceless character names ""Player"", who is male, and represents you. And whenever he talks it means he's putting words in your mouth. And I don't like the words he puts in my mouth.The Hyperdimension Neptunia franchise's cast is composed by 99% female characters. Buuuuut you get to be represented as a male one. Why? Obviously for the simDate effect. Forced to have a generic male simDate character as your avatar in the game to appeal to the target audience of the game, I guess.In my opinion, to make it more like a Neptunia game and not just a Nep-themed simDate, I'd have placed another female character who drops videogame references like everyone else. It'd make one feel more inmersed withing the setting if one's character is simmilar to the rest.Anyway, as I said first, this is a personal preference, and other players might not be bothered at all by this, but it does bother me a lot. I guess this will be the only Nep game I won't finish."
76561198041636869,Recommended,415480,30898314,Posted: 2 April,all,Brother Alpha,"A tactical combat game set in the Gamindustri universe. This time around  you play as Noire, not Nepture, the battle are tactical, and the charactesr are chibi-style during the main game. Otherwise, if you’ve played the previous games, you will likely enjoy this one as well. A warning, the Lily achievements are even more grinding than anything in the other games.On a side note, I really want to buy the chibi-style characters as figures."
,Recommended,415480,22701011,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,arbor day,"Much like Hyperdimension Neptunia U: Action Unleashed, this is another spin-off of the Hyperdimension Neptunia series. This time, they went full on SRPG, grid and all.If you've played the main entries in the series (if not, I'll sum it up at the bottom), a lot of the staples are here. There's item plans to craft, discs to burn, and a bunch of processor equipment you won't ever bother using. Oh, there's also still a ton of anime boobs, so if that's your thing, no need to worry about that being left out.Gameplay is pretty similar to other SRPGs you might have played, such as Final Fantasy Tactics or Disgaea. As mentioned before, the playing field is on a grid. Turns are divided into a player phase and an enemy phase, instead of rotating through all active combatants based on speed. You can activate HDD mode on the characters to give them boosts. This can only be used once per character per fight, lasts 3 turns, and makes a huge difference if used correctly. Some characters, like Noire, get extra bonuses in this form as well. She can act twice per turn in HDD form, for instance.The world map is very similar to the main games, where you just pick different icons on a map (or a list, if you want) for things like the shop, making plans, and the like. There's an option for the missions as well, so don't think you're going to wander around a map and get in fights like in Final Fantasy Tactics. It's much similar to Disgaea in this regard. There are story missions as well as side missions, and you can replay the story missions in a simulation mode. This allows you to use any characters you'd like for the missions instead of who was required in the story, and gives you different rewards for completion of the mission as well.Experience is awarded per action instead of per kill, similar to most SRPGs. You will usually get a tiny bit more for a kill, but any valid action other than moving will earn you something. This makes it worth your while to spam super weak healing items each turn if you don't have a real action you want to take.The story cutscenes are the same as the main series. You'll see a lot of the same backgrounds and characters you did in those games, as well as a lot of the same enemies because everyone knows they love recycling assets at Idea Factory. I'm just saying what we're all thinking.The lily system is here as well, but it is a bit different. Standing next to one or more characters when you use a skill will cause the nearby characters to (ugh) kiss you on the cheek, lowering the SP cost of the skill and raising your LP (Lily Points?) and possibly your lily rank. LP is reset after each battle, is one total for the whole party, and ranges from 0 to 100, raising by 20 per kiss. If you get kissed by more than one character at a time, each kiss will give less than the full 20 points, however. Still, it's not a big downside; getting kissed twice at the same time gives 30, which is fine. You can spend all 100 for a strong attack, and you need 30 to activate HDD mode.The challenge system from Hyperdimension Neptunia 3 is back. If you're not familiar with this, it's a list of various things that when completed give some bonus to the character. Each challenge has various ranks, with the required number of the action and the bonus increasing as the rank goes up. For instance, moving a total of 25 spaces as a character will complete rank 1 of their movement challenge and award them +2 agility, if I'm not remembering incorrectly. It might not sound like much, but a lot of these are basically free stats, as you will complete a lot of these without even trying. The stat increases for the higher ranks get better as well, and they stack. Sadly, the required number of actions for the higher ranks will climb to ridiculous levels right along side the stats. You probably *will* have to try to complete the higher ranks of most challenges.There's a new system where you earn sim points as you buy things from the shop. These points can be spent in a Noire sim mode, which is basically buying her things for her bedroom and upgrading the actual room itself. You also get requests from citizens in this mode, which function a lot like the quests in the main series, except without the actual quest. You just pick a choice from a menu to solve their request, and bingo. It's done. Picking the ""correct"" response can lead to getting some extra stuff, like events in the sim mode.Good luck picking the correct responses without a guide, though. You're given a couple options for what action to take on the request, and most choices are just two words long. This doesn't really give you enough information to know what the choice is actually going to mean in the context of the request. Often times you'll get a request that is something like ""I want to do a thing!"" and you have a response that is ""do thing."" Does this mean you are telling them to do the thing? Does this mean YOU are doing the thing? Is it considered a correct reply? Who knows! Pick it and find out! Or, get a guide.One neat thing I have to point out is that this game has an option to skip battle animations and things, or to play them at double speed. You can turn this on in the options menu, or you can leave it off and just mash the A button to skip animations at will. This is a great feature, and I'm glad to see it return in this entry in the series.The series also brought along one of the negatives that all other entries have had, and that is a lack of video options. I know these games are ports, but I really don't like seeing PC games that don't really offer options to tweak the video. You can change the resolution, and turn off detailed shadows, but that's about it. Don't expect any options like texture quality or SSAO. On the otherhand, the game doesn't demand a beastly computer to run fine, so this most likely won't have an impact on your ability to play the game. It still makes me sad, though.If for some reason you are totally unfamiliar with this series, just think Final Fantasy Tactics or Disgaea with more moe fan service and a meta narrative that thinks it is being super clever about the video game industry. That's basically what you get with these games.That all being said, they are pretty damn solid rpgs with some interesting mechanics. If you aren't totally put off by the over the top moe anime stuff and like the genre, I highly recommend them.[If I didn't cover something you think I should have, let me know and I'll update this review.]"
76561198025301599,Recommended,415480,30695260,Posted: 23 March,all,ZOR33L is,More fun and Addicting than i thought it would be.- Fun and challenging combat.- Very tough and challenging side missions to complete.- Lots of characters.- The story and characters are kinda fun.i wasn't expecting much but it really surprised me in a good way and took so many hourse of my time.
76561198043575278,Recommended,415480,26333338,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Razka,"TL;DR -> Buy this game if you are both a fan of the series and a fan of SRPGs.Let me start by saying that Hyperdevotion Noire: Goddess Black Heart is a good SRPG. It's not mindblowing, it plays like any SRPG out there, but its loveable characters and art style makes it stand out a little bit.HOWEVER.It could've been polished a lot.- Sound tracks loop BADLY. You can tell whenever the track ends and starts over after a second delay, and that happens for every track.- The ""Cutscenes"" animation is better than any of the RE;Birth games, making use of more movement and special effects, but the moving mouths are a pink pixelated mess.- Humor is not there. It's not remotely as funny as other Neptunia games.- Plot is boring and lazy. Noire as a lead character works even worse than Nepgear.And it has its fair share of BS: enemies at low health are set to spam their EXE every turn. EVERY TURN! Not to be that guy that goes like ""That's not fair!"" but that's not fair. One is enough to oneshot any character it hits, there is absolutely no reason to make them go IDKFA.Also, I DESPISE Sim Noire. It would've been good if some form of multiple choice dialogue was added, so you could have SOMETHING to pick the correct answer to the requests, but no. Instead you HAVE to use a guide. You used it, don't lie.I don't like the flirty bits with secretary san either, it's very bad fanservice made just so that Noire fans could jack off being verbally abused by Tsundere Heart. I mean, if that's your thing I'm perfectly okay with it, but I didn't care AT ALL, especially because it doesn't belong neither in a Neptunia game, nor in an SRPG."
,Not Recommended,415480,33423523,Posted: 9 July,all,Mikazuki,Pros:- Have a chibi Noire- Have a nice in game art gallery- a decent turn based strategy games- Have a multiple Ending (although it's only true and good ending) but if you want to get true ending you need to prepare at least 30-40 hours gameplay because the requirement is to grind Noire lily rank is above 70 to all the 21 characters available in game.Cons:- 30 fps- to many side characters i don't even use- this game is heavily grind for achievement hunter like me but if you play the game just for fun then go for it- easy to get bored  within a few hours gameplay- no replay value- this game is pay to win if you bought it with all the dlc's bundle because you will get the ultimate equipment set for all the characters from the beginning so you don't have to worry about collecting materials and crafting equipment anymore.
,Recommended,415480,23072997,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Nocte,Pros:Noire is main leadCons:No Uni
,Recommended,415480,22697746,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Plutia,"The 5th Neptunia game on steam. This time as the title suggest, Noire is the main char. This time the battle system is strategy in turns, where you need move in blocks to made your actions.PROS:- CHIBIS- If you bought all dlc, use then, they are very useful- You are hired as Noire secretary, so u need help her. Reminds a sim game- New characters, memes,- Peck your girl palsCONS:- The chars that you buy (e.g. Tiara, IF, Compa) arent voiced, but this isnt a great issue- Many chars with challenges to complete"
,Not Recommended,415480,24833912,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Akka,"Advance Wars is a good strategy game because there's a wide assortment of units with unique relationships that interact like a massive game of rock, paper, scissors.This is not a good turn based strategy game because the differences in your units are superficial, the differences in your enemiy units are nearly nonexistant, and when they are unique it's impossible to predict what color magic I'm supposed to tickle them with, let alone remember which character has the right magic for tickling.Copy paste maps, pointless chests, and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t match timers don't do this game any favors either. Another spinoff that pales in comparison to the exquisite quality of the original series, this time with a bunch of side characters that will never be reused."
76561198252369836,Recommended,415480,22655318,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Nówārú,I was gifted happiness in a game. If your curious about buying it or not based on reviews to simply put it. people judge it so hard. Its a really good game if you dont have high expectations. And remember its an entirely new game not like the other hyperdimension main story games.Amazing tactical strategy RPG featuring Noire Goddess Black Heart as the main protagonist instead of Neptune .The Battles are gridbase.Very in depth battles and mechanics from the elements to the puzzle elementsA challenging difficulty called hard for those who are looking for a challengePlenty of replay value trying to clear the Extra map boardsCrafting equipment and using Discs are alot more important then in previous games in the seriesAlot of new characters introduced in this gameFun comedy and unique characters likee POOONAAAAaaa (´・ω・`)ヽ(*≧ω≦)ﾉ Very addictive Tactical strategy RPG very recommended to those who love strategy games.Alot of new characters introduced in this gameFun comedy and unique characters likee POOONAAAAaaa (´・ω・`)ヽ(*≧ω≦)ﾉ Very addictive Tactical strategy RPG very recommended to those who love strategy games.
,Recommended,415480,26392949,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Gale-kun,"Well Noire/Black Heart is my waifu, so obviously I'd recommend this game. If you want a serious review, this is basically a spin off of your average Neptunia game. Instead of the normal turn based RPG, you have something pretty similar to what I would relate to Fire Emblem. If you liked playing Fire Emblem, you're going to have more fun than what I've seen from other reviews. I'd enjoyed it personally because obviously waifu,waifu waifu, <3 and the events with Noire/Black Heart and the Secretary (aka you). One of my favorite scenes is the love triangle, I won't spoil it though. One more thing I would like to rant about is that the Noire from Hyperdimension and Ultradimension are DIFFERENT. I'm tired hearing people say they dislike Noire, but don't say specifically which Noire. Yes, they're pretty similar but the minor differences do make a difference, they're 2 different Noires/Black Hearts in seperate dimensions."
,Recommended,415480,27920514,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Neaira Zephyrus,"This game shows you another side of how things are with Noire, so first lets beging grinding a little.Loveable characters and art style as well as it focusing on Noire. I do recommend if you are a fan of the Neptunia series."
,Recommended,415480,22771842,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,🔰⎛⎝Kundentelefon⎠⎞,"It is basically XCOM 2 with chibified anthropomorphic game consoles and franchises in a visualised interpretation of the history of console gaming.Oh, and in both games you are directly referred as the player ingame. Coincidence?"
76561198124512913,Recommended,415480,22814201,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,fgabor1,"its pretty fun game, loved previous HDN games (tbh those had usefull dlc, here only additional charc can worth it but whatever)pro:-HDN style side splitting dialoges (all who dislike it just can go shushpuppies)-Lily boost system is kinda okay as there are no second row-kinda okay story for a spinoff-not too short with main storyline(like NepU)-finally a male character even if its just a textbox :D (oh yeah we have our loli loving planeptune Basilicon worker and the Brothers from rebirth1con:-chibi style is well some1 likes it some1 doesn't-its not HDN VII but we can forgive that i guesslets saj a 8.5/10"
76561198111048098,Recommended,415480,31563719,Posted: 5 May,all,Vigne,Noire best waifu <3
,Recommended,415480,30561102,Posted: 16 March,all,[DFS]Weeaboo Dizzy,"It's another Neptunia game! Except it's about Noire! And they used a new combat system.Pros:-Sim Noire: use credits to get sim points and buy stuff for Noire's room-Goddesses use the rebirth 3 outfits-More characters!Cons:-Battles take 30 minutes to complete-half of the new characters are illiterate-You can spam ""Easier, Please!"" to make fights significantly easierMy main complaint is that thanks to the combat system in this one, battles will take forever. Again, you'll probably finish this game in about 60 hours if you're just looking to finish it."
76561198108296385,Recommended,415480,30990780,Posted: 6 April,all,Dreamミ☆Cast,One of the best SRPGs I've played since Fire Emblem. The game is as difficult as you want it to be making it great for all skill levels. There is a lot of grinding though especially if you're trying to make the weapon plans. Love the new characters and the chibi style design though sad that Uni isn't in it even though Noire is the main character. This might be my favorite Neptunia game in the series so far or at the very least tied at the top with Rebirth 1.
76561198090260870,Recommended,415480,22659758,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,39ミク,"I only played for 5 hours！so I have nothing to say the story for my poor English.No introduction is necessary,right?OK, praise Noire.My faith my love.any other?Aw,come on!30 fps lock.but this game is a strategy gameChibi-style characters.but if you love sisters,you may be disappointment.no sisters.too many DLC,care about your wallet.if you want to play this game easily,and you have enough money,buy it.Also you can buy the characters first.Tiara(Fairy Fencer F,one of the heroines),when i see her status that I was scared.You cannt get the achievement unless you exit game.I see the achievement,the lily rank achievement.go and complete!Freeze screen after prologue scene.Have any way to fix it?I dont like the English translation very much.but I respect their work.I would try to write this in Chinese or Jap.But I think many player dont understand.So i write it with my poor English,hope it'll be helpful to you."
,Recommended,415480,22682322,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,[Team named player] Team Player,for an idea factory they sure do make a lot of these games
,Recommended,415480,24377961,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,jensenj2,"before playing this game: noire is ♥♥♥♥ing adorableafter playing this game: noire is ♥♥♥♥ing adorableso really, nothing has changed. awesome game"
,Recommended,415480,33099286,Posted: 1 July,all,󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡Jeanne D'Dark,"This game is additing. I recently just bought this game and it was fantastic. Well, the mechanics looks a bit different than the other games in the series and play more like a Fire Emblem game which take so much time to finish a single batte, but that adorable tsundere and a weird plot alongside with tons of jokes and references (Like Segata Sanshiro, Metal Gear or even Kancolle) can make you like this game. I recommend you a 9/10. PS. The battle will be long, so be prepared..."
,Recommended,415480,22763647,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,/id/--skrrt/,It is like a Fire Emblem game with Neptune
76561198079061265,Recommended,415480,23157330,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Ashcroft,"Cute chibi version of mix Hyperdimension Neptunia with Disgaea (why i can't lift other characters ? T=T) Overall it's a great game, but honestly Male Protagonist (protagonist-ish we can't see him) wasn't really necessary. HDN are usually about girls doing stuff so there is no need for adding guy to this mix (Robots and gaylish Maiden-Soul guys doesn't count ;p)"
76561198115682453,Recommended,415480,29291399,Posted: 15 January,all,Fuego amigo,"Only for hardcore SRPG fans, this game is full of gimmick and the difficulty is quite high. Would only recommand for hardcore SRPG players."
,Recommended,415480,22707701,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Tiss K,"Idea Factory, you were the chosen one! It was said that you would destroy the EA-esque DLC rehashing, not join them... bring balance to the games industry, not leave it in DLC-bloated stagnation! You were my sister Idea Factory, and I loved you."
,Recommended,415480,22839423,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Vinley,"What do you mean I'm supposed to be saving money for important things?Are you implying, that this isn't an important thing?Unbelievable, I need my regular intake of nep or I'll die from withdrawal.What's next, you're gonna tell me not to buy all the dlc?"
,Recommended,415480,25843474,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Not Robert Lawlers,It's a nep game. Nep/7
,Recommended,415480,33008324,Posted: 29 June,all,Aynnata (Kat),"I love the story, The system and the art is amazing too !!!"
76561198058621890,Recommended,415480,30499159,Posted: 13 March,all,sammyb,"Great little game, quite fun, challenging at times no grinding needed to complete the game in a single run. LOT'S of grinding for acheivements though. Voice acting for the mainstory."
,Recommended,415480,25134914,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Hentsi,"I really like the spinoff. A real review will be coming soon, the only think is:It has bugs and they are still not fixedIf you go on the desktop then you can't go in the game anymoreSound issuesThat's all i can say for now. However, if you are a Neptunia or better said a ""Noire"" fan, then this is a must buy."
,Recommended,415480,32993377,Posted: 29 June,all,Zixyon-d'Arc,"its a good jrpg and strategy game, need more strategy when you play in hard modeXD"
,Recommended,415480,22828060,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,k1tty,"Neptune finally gets replaced by Noire!For now...Oh, and since this is Noire's game...expect Neptune to get beatings from Noire."
76561198141223094,Recommended,415480,23591074,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Christiandcb777,"A new style of ""Hyperdimension"" game for the PC with a thought provoking gameplay as you carefully choose movements and skills of those under your command in order to beat the clock, or to dodge  powerful enemy attacks. Three levels of difficulty to challenge many players. Roughly 25-30 hours for a single walkthrough."
,Recommended,415480,22953023,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Nawani,"Pros:Tactics styleChibiSim NoireParody charactersLily SystemCons:No CPU Candidates, Nepgear where art thou?30 fps lock, for this direct port, a 60 fps would be reasonableBUNCH of DLC's who adds nothing but IF, Compa, Sting and Tiara, it's just a godly setup."
76561197992921916,Recommended,415480,33286753,Posted: 5 July,all,DarkMario,Everyone gather around and kiss each other!That's basically what I just did in this game. Everyone circling around a character to kiss her and raise lily ranks.Gameplay is fun. Haven't gotten very far because of the make-out sessions but the story so far is not bad.
76561198220054172,Recommended,415480,28948441,Posted: 2 January,all,KuRazyKurumi,"Noire is love, Noire is life. 2nd to Kurumi."
,Recommended,415480,22723451,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Lizarbugon,Steam says I have zero friends [that play this game].Perfect Noire simulator.
,Recommended,415480,24365952,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Snow Villiers,"I absolutely adore Noire, and theres now a game of her?! i MUST play this game. Very good art style, fun combat, Alot of dialog to read, The best part, and a very diverse range of characters."
76561198114339588,Recommended,415480,33428977,Posted: 10 July,all,Crip,"TL;WR: Awesome nep spin-off. 9/10.With this, I've played all of Neptunia's spin-offs released on steam. This might be the best one, or at least tied with SeHa Girls. In this game, the player sort of takes part in the story. He is Secretary-san, employed by Noire. I noticed many people hate this, but it wasn't bad at all. He barely talks during the story and it's never too important. I say ""he"" because this guy is really his own character, you don't actually get to choose what he says like on a visual novel. Story was OK, the best part of nep games has always been the funny character interactions and that's still here. Here are the pros and cons:PROS+ Great strategy gameplay. I really enjoyed the battles. Though I suggest you play something like a GBA Fire Emblem or even the mmo Wakfu first if you're unsure you'll like this.+ Bunch of characters to choose from. There's a looot of girls this time around. Each of them with their own unique abilities and leader passive effects. The missions usually allow you to bring an average of 5~7 units so you can make different strategies.+ Well-thought levels. Most levels differ hugely from each other, and each of them will require a different approach. Whether it's an open field where you can go all-out or a narrow pathway filled with traps to be carefully dodged, I enjoyed all of them. Okay, except one that had a little too many traps.+ Girls will give each other a peck on the cheek when are close by and use skills. This reduces the SP cost of the used skill and fills up the Lily Meter, which is used to go HDD, deploy more units or use a Special Move (EXE). You can set the little kiss scene to be skipped, if you wish.+ In the settings you can also make the game skip every battle animation and double the moving speed. Useful if you're just interested in playing and wants to make things more fluid and fast.+ Fun little side-game called Sim Noire where decorate her room with talking furniture and help her answer citizen's requests. Purely optional, but it gives you some items and unlocks several events between Noire and the Secretary.+ Not as long as the mainline games, but not too short like the other spin-offs. You get more for your money.NEUTRAL> I think the Secretary was a nice little addition, but it'd be better if he was a proper character, given his own face and voice. This guy isn't you, he doesn't say what you think or does what you want.> Chibi graphics. I'm not a big fan of them, but I know some people will love it. Even for chibi, their heads are a little too big.> The writing is usually good, but there a few times where it can be really odd.> Besides elements, the game has different types of damage like Pierce, Slash, Blunt, Shoot and etc. which is really awesome, but it never tells you who does what kind of damage and which enemy resists which kind of damage! You can sort of tell by their weapons, but not always. Vert is obviously Pierce, but what about Ai, the idol girl who uses a microphone?CONS- Elemental chests are a good addition to gameplay. They must be opened by opened by an attack of a stronger element. However, many levels have exactly one chest of each element, ""forcing"" you to always equip four characters with a specific element crystal to open each chest. This can get tiring, but you can just ignore them if you wish. Will miss out on materials to develop items, though.- It doesn't bother me that enemies can't be affected by traps, but I wish there would be at least something you could use against them. Like in Fire Emblem games where you can shoot your enemies with their own ballista if you take control of it.I'll wrap this up by saying that I really enjoyed this game, and that if you're a Neptunia fan and like strategy games, you'll surely like this one. It was great!"
,Recommended,415480,31613974,Posted: 7 May,all,Richie,"The game takes a weird angle (weird is relative here, as we are talking about a game about the personification of the console wars as anime girls) which actually places you in a role, as Noire's secretary. Its nice to actually get some recognition to be honest, after 3 long ""Re;Birth"" games."
76561198020291711,Not Recommended,415480,34198380,Posted: 12 August,all,YO,"Even though I like this franchise, I really cannot recommend this game.This is just too buggy. The game crashes / freezes randomly. The BGM never loops properly. The plot is very uninteresting.Ironically, this game's mechanics is very well designed compared to the other nep games, but all these bugs are just unbearable."
76561198262496475,Recommended,415480,23551146,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,BoroMonokli,"It's a SRPG. Strategy, and RPG, and by FAR the most ""detailed"" of the neptunia series. Seriously, Compile Heart can only learn from this game's design.Let's start from the basic: Strategy is deep. Deeper than the mainline neptunia series, anyways. Thinking about your moves a few turns ahead is never a bad idea, and probably will save a good bit of headache on hard difficulty. Plus, with the myriad status effects, the character EXE drives have never been more varied than now.Then there is the RPG: On one hand, the stat levels are finally crunched down to manageable numbers, and leveling is blessedly slower, you remain in the ""sweet spot"" of challenge level for much longer than in the main series. On the other hand, Itemization has never been better: Blanc has at least two equally viable builds: Paladin and Warrior, depending on which hammer you use. One focuses on tanking damage and throwing out support via knockback and perfect defense, the other just straight out goes for the hurt, sacrificing SP and agility for big blows. Similar choices in weaponry are there for all other CPUs, allowing for more diverse gameplay than ever.To top it all off, our poorly-done ingame avatar even gets choices to pick in Sim Noire while reading requests. What is this if not a beginning of multiple choice conversations?On the negative side of that, is that this relatively large freedom of narrative choice isn't translated into the main story line, or some of the ""cutscenes"" after the requests are read, so we aren't at the point of a true RPG yet (let's say, like Ultima) and I personally disagree with some of my supposed avatar's choices, but that's really a side-issue.I do recommend this game, I do recommend it on hard difficulty, because there will never be a boring moment of it that way."
,Recommended,415480,34052336,Posted: 5 August,all,Browith(Marco Polo),"For the price , this game is one of the best offers !I don't know why is not loved."
76561198146522541,Recommended,415480,22767007,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,khermerker,"well i have to say i like it...i mean is again funny, dlc are game breaker like all neptunia games. the style of play is kinda disgaea but more easy."
76561198065802178,Recommended,415480,29053684,Posted: 5 January,all,Model 0z74,"huuugh, great more butthurt twelvies writing negative reviews, people saying its garbage and the people claim to be a fan on the ""hyperdimension series"" and cry about chibi style characters are bad, or why is there a boy as the main and my games is laggy and crashy, mayby coz your comuter/laptop is ♥♥♥♥♥♥ windows 7. anyway thats simple really, its because if they hand out the same game over and over again its gonna get boring, and plus this game is mainly for NOIRE fans or if you like the series. if your not a fan of Noire then the simplest thing would to commit Seppuku. or just buy the hyperdimension neptunia series and watch Noire, Neptune, Blanc and Vert in a never released anime season (game) for when the console wars were on and stuff, thats if you dont have it already.Anyway i dont care about the chibi styled characters,its fun BECAUSE its different, and the boy main, what i do is think that the boy character is me and i think im inside the game, yea well i dont care if its weird its better then wingeing and quiting the game and writing negative reviews and you havent even given the game a PROPER try yet.Overall this game is awesome, the opening is music to my ears, Neptunia's 4th walling is as funny as ever, Blanc's as evil as in the other games, vert is as mature as any adult until shes on her online games, Noire is the best and cutest of the four Cpu's who never seize's to amaze me on how much she has to put up with neptunia even thought there best-friends, also all the Characters are waifu material's for those harem wannabe's this is for you. this game reminds me alot about rebirth and how you have to be strategic to win or suffer the horrible feeling of defeat because of horrible character placement......and forgeting to save and have to do a major boss again, i do agree it has changed up a bit but as i said they cant make the same type of game over and over.im rating this nep/nep or Noire/Noire......(i know that was bad....)*9/10* - not 10/10 because the dlc items are over powered, but i know they wont nerf them because thats how over powered the cpu's should be."
,Not Recommended,415480,28938094,Posted: 2 January,all,just fuckign kill me fam,The most godawful localization I have ever seen. it takes talent to translate and localize that bad
76561198075466721,Recommended,415480,25079011,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Jean,"Game was kinda new to me. Well more the SRPG Genre. And i don't like it one bit...But see for yourselfPositive:- cute Chars- easy story- interesting game mechanics (build ladders, avoid being pushed into traps)- funny dialogueNegatives:- holy♥♥♥♥♥♥the Lily Ranks achievements (spend over 100 hours :()well the game is nice to play. many things will be recognizeable for Neptunia players. the game gets a soild 82% for the gameplay mechanics and funny story. some achievements were not funny. But get it...all hail Noire :3"
,Recommended,415480,28461114,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Scruffeno,No waifu no laifu. Waifu Noire here.
,Recommended,415480,24726130,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,GameGear,It's okay i guess with the new updates i like it a bit7/10
,Recommended,415480,34229959,Posted: 13 August,all,Shin,Hyperdevotion Noire: Goddess Black Heart is similar to Hyperdimension Neptunia Rebirth series game but just that the ultimate skill and character is different type which in this case is chibi and pixel mode. The game is cheap during sales and the only complain i have is the game is getting harder at around 88% complete then you will need to keep on restarting the mission for easier difficulty which i believe they change the damage to be less painful from the mobs. * Alot of Fan service and fap service in this game *
,Recommended,415480,23206284,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,GRiD,"At first, I was not certain how to feel about the self-insertion of the player into the story of this game. But it turned out to be alright, it only acted as a medium for you to feel more emotion towards the characters. The story was very fun to play through, and the game itself operates fluidly and wonderfully. I enjoyed the challenges and mechanics different quests would give you to overcome. The minigames, like Noire Sim, were also pretty fun.It isn't my favorite spin-off, but it's pretty decently made. I highly recommend it, and also suggest to buy the DLC to support Idea Factory to make more fantastic games like this."
,Recommended,415480,23144691,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,NarrackUK,"A very simplistic strategy based in the Nep universe, Very easy (too easy) not really meant for fans of the strategy genre but instead for fans of the Nep games.This is a fan service game complete with a silent self insert character with the focus really being on Noire rather than the in-game world.If you havent played a Nep game before or ended up here from searching the strategy tag i cant really recomend this as the cast and thier humour is the main selling point not the combat.If you have played a nep game and enjoy the series i can recommend this as its a nice change of pace from the normal playstyle of the other games....but id wait to get it on sale which being a nep game will happen almost all the time!Ignore 90% of the dlc, Its OP armour and weapons in a game you can already face roll just get IF,Compa.Sting and Tiara"
,Recommended,415480,31296750,Posted: 22 April,all,Minakami Yuki,"It's quite fun.Clearly the original ones are way better, though I think this stands up on its own."
,Recommended,415480,33277612,Posted: 5 July,all,Ranseurs,"Another awesome nep series. The tsundere Noire will be our lead protagonist this time.+New battle system (turn-based strategy) make a new battle experience,+Many characters with different equipment and skills,+Various battle stage,+Cute and awesome graphic,+Good soundtrack,+And... of course this game is a NEP SERIES !!!-Some stage is just ♥♥♥♥ing hard, even with DLC.Recommended: nep/10"
76561198089933978,Recommended,415480,34962799,Posted: 14 September,all,Plutie,A spin off  game from the hyperdimension series. but it plays very different from all the other games. plays like tactical table top turn based game. the story and characters are amazing though!
,Recommended,415480,25983259,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Jurina Matsui,Everything with Noire is 10/10
76561198049638327,Recommended,415480,22657831,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Dead Applesauce,"Like Fire Emblem? Like Final Fantasy Tactics? Like Turn Based Strategies in general but always found that they were lacking in hot puddingy action? Is the only thing you want more than more than for Nepgear to shut up is for Noire to keep talking? Ever wanted to be Noire's unpaid lackey? Here you go. It's a turn based HDN game and you get what you pay for. Take it now while it's on sale (till May 3rd) or regret it until the summer sale and then forget about it until the day after the summer sale. Your call. As with all the HDN games the DLC is completely optional and you won't EVER use most of it anyways because who doesn't just keep the CPUs in their party?*Note that you don't really need prior HDN experience if you are just looking for a turn based strategy as this story does not seem to be in the main storyline (lack of cpu candidates). If you are looking for the ""cannon"" storyline try HDN2 and HDN3"
,Recommended,415480,32858552,Posted: 27 June,all,{ANS}Wolf1994,Really good tactical/strategy RPG/JRPG.
,Recommended,415480,29437166,Posted: 22 January,all,DemetreNike,"Fire Emblem, but you are the only dude.There's a plot, and you will be satisfied."
,Recommended,415480,32943112,Posted: 28 June,all,GuiltyMutant,>Buy Game for $3 on sale>Expect regular Nep hijinks>Play for a hour>Get Steam Trading Card>Its a Foil worth over $7>Freak out>Try to sell it>Continue playing because its a fantastic spinoff title despite hating Noire with a passion>Could do without the weird kissing powerups tho
,Recommended,415480,25210750,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,泥鰍小妹妹,"game is fun but one thing i don't like about this is this game lock at 30fps with 16:9 1080p ratioif you have a wide screen monitor like mine 34inch 3440x1440,then you are out of luck.the only resolution that can scale properly is 1920x1080 without leaving the black bar.i have so much problem with this game and i constantly seen graphic lag in game.but i manage to finish the game and get norm ending.and the pathetic side is this game and all other neptunia game never get patch i mean come on ,i am rolling a gtx1080 and it sould not be an issue for graphic lagg here that occured randomly. seriously though,im runing a beast of a machine here and never once the game crash on me.......ithink that is a good thingcause it support my xeon e1230 v5 very well.the only thing i find it annoying in game is the dialogit's patheticly slow on animation.....and all the HDD cpu voices stays normal like when they are human form which is i don't like.purple heart,black heart must sound mature but not in this game.the pros are the chibi character is well design and i never once change any weapon and still using the ol dlc one.the dlc is pricier than the game but it is optional and the last boss is a pushover.anyway if you like srpg,you can get disgaea PC.rather than this.although i can say this is the shortest game of the series if you don't plan to grind through sub quest.but if you do want to get true ending then you have long way to grind and raise lily rank to 70 with each character which is to boring to be honest.i would recommend this game if your are fan on the series even if a spin off.....it is quite decent for the price and challenging at the end of the chapter."
,Recommended,415480,33163420,Posted: 2 July,all,Bropower125,"Unlike most of the games Idea Factory ports to the PC this one was gltich free, the only problem is it is unbearably slow and very very difficult when it really shouldn't be.Honestly looking back this is the black sheep (no pun intended) of the neptunia games. It just isn't as fun as the other games in the series.I still recommend this game though if you are a diehard fan of the neptunia series like I am.6/10"
,Recommended,415480,33109203,Posted: 1 July,all,Arisato,"This game is amazing, it has stunning design both in the game mechanics as well as the overall style of the game. It fits so well with the chiibi style. The story is fantastic as wellIf you're planning on buying an RPG game, choose this one"
,Recommended,415480,23552703,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,レトリン ANZU,"Pro- Noire is cuteCon- Neptune is not the main MCReal Pros- Super optimized ported game- Cute chibi characters- Enganging RPG battle system- Catered especially for Hyper Series fans- Less punishing ""permadeath"" compared to other Hyper SeriesReal Cons- Gameplay somehow feel stalled and boring- Less adventurous compared to other Hyper Series"
,Recommended,415480,22829243,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,GxlSins カンナ,:> 10/10
,Recommended,415480,26080987,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,kuro,funny and very nice game
,Recommended,415480,32934385,Posted: 28 June,all,[NN$]Requiem,Worth it...love noire.....100/10 would not regret
76561198211147535,Recommended,415480,32986820,Posted: 29 June,all,xmen9791,it's really good and i like how you can also use the keyboard it's just alittle funky so can you like change the keys abit it's hard for me to do it so pls THX
76561198059656569,Recommended,415480,29105232,Posted: 7 January,all,GalGameLover,"Another great game from Idea Factory, with a little twist."
76561198068953669,Recommended,415480,22717497,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Yang,Reason to buy this Game:1.Because Noire...2.Because Nep Nep3.Because Noire is the best waifu4.Because Noire is tsundere5.Because Noire Fan Service:v
,Recommended,415480,22688372,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,SolidmarineX 4452,I never thought i can be closer to my waifu Noire ever since Neptunia PP on the Vita <3
,Recommended,415480,22712597,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,NateVB_04,"The fact that I, the player am a character, is all the more this weird feeling that I get when playing the lewd anime franchise called ""Hyperdimension Neptunia"".It is a nice change from the usual JRPG-style of gameplay, though.You should play itSO HARD.(What, it's a reference to one of the player's quotes!)"
76561198272374261,Recommended,415480,22775530,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Takeyuki Shipan,I love this game and I hope you keep making more games like it. I totally love Noire over any of the other characters in the series.
,Recommended,415480,22666656,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,English Spitfire,Since when did Noire have friends?
,Recommended,415480,22691793,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Croiss,"People say it's like Fire Emblem but with Nep, even though I never played Fire Emblem, If so, I have been missing out, holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ The gameplay is really great and they stepped up thier game with the HUD, text, textbox and animations. They are a lot better than previous games. Oh, and that walletcrusher DLC.The fanservice is astonishing.8/10"
,Recommended,415480,22780515,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,XSGaz,"A chibi-style animated SRPG simliar to disgaea, I like the interaction with all the characters in the story, with funny and cute moments surround the main protagonist ""Noire"". I Personally havn't played there other Hyperdimension titles, but i really enjoying this game's battle system and the animation behind each work. The cutscenes somethimes is alittle bit long, but is fine since they are telling you the detail of the story. If you enjoy strategy RPG style games, give this a try. Plus BOOBS!"
,Recommended,415480,22719009,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Cyonai,"Everytime I start the game it crashes, help pls.even tough, I saw what the game is like, and I REALLY LOVE IT.thumbs up, BUT HELP ME WITH THE CRASHING PROBLEM!!!"
76561198005253270,Recommended,415480,22669330,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Andrain,"A new world!A new system!A new main character!A present from the first character poll where Lady Black Heart won (see V-Generation for jokes), we have this offering from IF, Compa, and Sting. Thus forcing the question of if buying this game really gives that many shares to Lady Black Heart at all? I mean Iffy and Compa are clearly citizens of Planeptune....Now, I'm sure Proper worshippers of Lady Black Heart have already played this game through more than once on their Unis, but some people probably haven't. Let's take a look at what we got going on here.Welcome to Gamarket, another dimension in the Vast expanses of the Neptunia Multiverse. Here, Noire is pretty much in charge and controls most of the shares. However, Noire is still Noire and a certain Eggplant looking person made her fall into a trap, that not even Neptune would fall for. All hell has broken loose and the Shares in the world are in shambles, after a little bit of bickering Lady Black Heart takes charge of the other CPUs and sets to regain the shares of the world from her former 12 generals.Joining the lovely CPUs is Noire's new Secretary. It's apparently a male, but since Males don't get faces in Neptunia we don't actually see him and it seems much of the adventure takes place from his point of view, and he may or may not get closer to his boss as the game goes on.Pros+An unpresidented look at Lady Noire as a character, especially for Steam Audiences.+ Grid based Tactical battles require a little bit of thought and do make you have to different types of objectives+ 3 difficulty modes+ Panstu everywhere!+ Noire's Generals are all new and represent different game franchises like Metal Gear, Street Fighter, Dragon Quest, ect and are exclusive to this game+ The girls kiss to power each other up! The Lilly system is in OVERDRIVECons-The port is horrendus with a lot of lag spikes for apparently no reason. Those will probably get fixed if I know Iffy though.- The CPUs are obviously different then the ones we know, and can be out of character. For example, Noire looking for informality in her employees, or Neptune genuinely getting offended when someone calls her out on her laziness.- The Secretary (you) have some lines like ""I'll lead the way... SO HARD!""- Translation gripes that come with the territory- Little sisters are a negative. In this day and age it's hard to imagine Noire without Uni by her side (Especially since this game is a Uni Port)- Iffy and Compa are DLCNeutral| Working on the Ultradimension designs, Neptune aside, I always prefered the Hyperdimension, but that's a matter of preference.Final thoughtsYes, this is a Neptunia game, That implies various things about zaniness and what not, however, there is a reason why many consider this the weakest entry in the franchise. The Self-insert certainly doesn't help. The girls will be spending an almost equal amount of time making love as opposed to making war in battles because the Lilly system is ridiciously OP here. It even allows the use of our favorite EXE Drives! So, if you like the thought of that, then you should have bought this game already. The battle system is fine, nothing groundbreaking, but you'll be disappointed if you expect the greatest gameplay from Lady Neptune.I notice how much I'm cringing as i'm going through the game, but I'm also laughing too. Just like the Conquest ending, every fan of Neptunia might as well get it over with. Just do it.Is this the game to get into the franchise with? Hell no!"
,Recommended,415480,22732562,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Satou Kazuma,"Havent played much of this game yet but playing as an actiual character in this game is very unique and fun. You work SO HARD to command your chibi, tsundere, loner waifu and her party members to victory as you sit back and give them orders, safe from battle."
76561198264856260,Recommended,415480,22743818,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,DashKun,This Game is make me So Happy (^~^)
76561198188744245,Recommended,415480,22768226,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Skulldragon91,Good SinglePlayer Game I Rate it 9/10 M8
,Recommended,415480,23555082,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,「Ｙøwdije」♊,"Sorry Neptune, But Noire is main character in here bye byeee"
,Recommended,415480,22652610,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Internet-Autist™ Hafe-chan,Noire datingsim.
,Recommended,415480,22701611,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,★ KeenH | Mayuri,1000000 / 10 Because Nowaru game of course.
76561198078329875,Recommended,415480,22653984,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,butterbattle22,"butter: ""I'm tired of this. I'm done with the Neptunia series. I love anime, and I like your art style, but the quality is just not there. You guys aren't even trying anymore. The jokes are stale and character development is non-existent. The dialogue runs in circles of anime cliches to nowhere, directing a plot that could've been dreamed up by a bored horny 6th grader in history class learning about the American revoluton for the 500th time, which, incidentally, is not a bad analogue for how it feels to play these games now. The combat has no depth and no balance; or, honestly, it has some potential, but you guys do nothing with the mechanics at all. It feels like I'm repetitively using unecessarily and meaninglessly long combos to hit really sturdy cardboard cutouts.I only thing I look forward to now is the animation for a new super attack or whatever. Ugh....okay, and some of the fanservice scenes are okay too.I'm sorry, but it's over. Our honeymoon wasn't too shabby, but there's nothing left in this relationship. It's not me; it's you.""Idea Factory: ""We published another game.""butter: ""I told you. I don't care anymore. I didn't even buy that stupid action game you guys made because it looked so braindead.""Idea Factory: ""But this one is a turn-based strategy RPG.""butter: ""Uh, yeah, like your first game, and your second.....look, are you trying to♥♥♥♥♥♥me off? You're not going to have -Idea Factory: (interrupting) ""- This one is different. It has obvious squares and the associated mechanics, more like Disgaea or Fire Emblem or Advanced Wars.""butter: ""You think comparing yourself with other games I like will make me take you back? I-i-it's not like you've piqued my interest or anything.....b-b-baka.""Idea Factory: ""It uses a lot more chibi.""butter: ""...That's not even a good thing.""Idea Factory: ""There's a lot of new characters.""butter: ""Sigh....aren't they just gonna be more 1-dimensional tropey characters? You guys don't even build on the 100 characters that you already have.""Idea Factory: ""Noire is the main character.""butter: ""........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................I hate you.""Idea Factory: ""Heehee, so does that mean you'll buy this one? I know you can afford it.""butter: ""Sh-shut up."""
,Not Recommended,415480,22793152,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,アレクサンダー,"I bought every previously released on PC Nep-Nep game. Love main series a lot! Love even slice and dice one. But this one... no. Just no.Mechanically mostly it's fine. It has neat combat, good scenarios for that combat. But weird thing #1 in here is that in order to activate hdd u need to perform skills while standing near other character. That char kisses you and it adds some points into lily. Activating HDD cost 30 and it lasts only 3 turns... this in my opinion is very weird alteration. I'm also replaying Nep-Nep game with my favourite character - Plutia. And considering that activating hdd in there does not sorta... forces you to rush and you can just enjoy your anime-power-up - this change to good 'ol formula in Noire game seems very weird to me.However this is not the main reason why I dropped the game and do not recomment it to Nep-Nep fans. The main reason is how Noire is in the game and what she's doing. This could be somewhat spoilery, but I'll try to cover only her motivation and formulaic approach to stuff. Basically Noire wants to conquer everything. Yeah... Noire is now despot and wants to conquer all and is ready to beat and destroy everything which stands in her way. Formula to events - we see some characters who are powerful and could be good addition to Noire army. Noire just... beats them, adds to her roster, captures country/city and move to next one.This... no. Just no. I play in Nep-Nep to enjoy humour, parody, references, colorful cast. And character who was established in like 4 games or so, suddenly wants to conquer everything and acts like a male baby making organ... no. Most of battles I'm seriously cheering for me to fail the combat."
,Not Recommended,415480,22713308,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,mkess,"As far as I played,  I had 4 crashes to desktop within the 104 Minutes of playing the game, while selecting Disc jockey in town. Wait for patches, this is too unstable.System: Windows 7 pro 64 bit.Additionally with DLC hell. They decided to sell us all DLC extra this time. But it seems, that this are mostly ""hats"".Locked to 30 fps. But this isn't really an issue, because it's a tactical JRPG. So it doesn't matter much. This is one of the games, that does not need more than 30 fps.The player character idea is just terrible, Like the ""strategist"" in fire emblem, who is never visible on the battlefield. And I don't like the conversations around him very much. It feels forced.I'll change my review, if they fix the crashes.Otherwise this is a game with Noire as main character. What is not to like about that. ;) I am not able to say more about the game, after the short time I played so far. but I will insert the positive aspects here, too, after a time.----------------------As  said before, my main issue are the CTD. That is unforgiving. With the other aspects I am able to live.I week has gone by, no message from the developers. I will ask for a refund, buying the game later, if fixed, for 5 Euro in a sale."
76561198065487246,Recommended,415480,23694082,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Vive La Blanc,"It's a game about the best girl that has no friends, what more do you need?"
,Recommended,415480,22654053,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Hiraeth*,Goddess Noire deemed my laptop unfit and crashed itChibi/10
,Recommended,415480,22725743,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Boosted Bonobo,"- If you're looking for a serious review, then look at someone else's. -This game is pretty amazing. I was able to fufill my dream........ of becoming a piece of Tofu. :D"
,Recommended,415480,22688929,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Jakomadara,"OK let's get serious here, not too serious i'll make it simple. LEGION!LEGION from CnC: Updating Review Stand by...Yeah! It's everybody favorite Lonely Heart Noire finally became the lead character.GameplayIt fun but can be repetitive somehow, this time is turn-based tactical RPG. If you play Final Fantasy Tactics or XCOM you will feel like at home plus the Noire Simulator minigame. the problem is 30 FPS lock.StoryYou start as The Player/Noire's Secretary. Your main mission is to clean up her mess(no spoiler here). Meet Noire's Generals, beat'em up and unite them and say ""who the boss now!"" then defeat Afroire uhh... Arfoire(again) and save the day(still no spoiler that hag like in all games 3 times already) with fun, 4th breaking, referencing storyline.GraphicCome on who cares! most of it is VN(with battle). It even has Tsunako art in it if you know Fairy Fencer F and Date A Live Series.SoundAfter Re;birth Trilogy, still have the same music. Catchy no commentOverallNoire finally have a friend. (so proud!)3/5 Because of Gameplay and mostly Story, NO4/5 Because of Gameplay and Story + beautiful Tsunako art"
,Recommended,415480,22687110,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,PADORU PADORU,Noire Ftw!
,Recommended,415480,22925583,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Xellsaurus,It's Idea Factory and Compile Heart. Nuff Said.
76561198201169577,Recommended,415480,33117027,Posted: 1 July,all,Isaquegfm,"Very funny , I like the Neptune series!"
,Recommended,415480,31078926,Posted: 11 April,all,azure,This is the first time I am playing Neptunia games and am glad I started with this one. It is fun and cute. xD10/10 for this chibi-tactical game ^-^
76561198297543181,Recommended,415480,33044812,Posted: 30 June,all,Scorpio,I played this game too much.... Can't stop......GET THIS GAME ALREADY IF YOU HAVE NOTpros:CheapFunGood GameCons:..................................It insulted weeaboos?
,Recommended,415480,33121855,Posted: 2 July,all,Elfwine,I love noire <3  :3
76561198043569804,Not Recommended,415480,24196416,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,jacob20199,"Two of my favorite game series, Disgaea and Hyperdimension Neptunia, combined into one gameplay style? The potential of this game was easily off the charts gameplay-wise, but...Honestly, I'd give this a neutral review if I could. It isn't that it's bad but... the combination of these two gameplay mechanics are surprisingly subpar, both of these combined somehow managed to not be equal to each game individually.Now that doesn't mean I hate the game as a whole, but... there's one thing included in this game that irritates me to my core; the player. Our self-inserted character without a voice... I get that this is pretty much fan-service, but I personally despise lackluster personality-less self-inserts with a passion, not to mention that the player is constantly tagging along in their adventures even when he was given a job specifically to work at Lastation Basillicom as a secretary. A secretary is not an adventurer, but it seems no-one paid attention to this small enormous detail.I'm sorry, but there must always be one rotton apple in the bushel."
,Recommended,415480,28889859,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,ChoZenOne863,"I'm a big fan of the Neptunia series and have always favored Noire, so seeing her in a lead role is nice. Weird, but nice. The chibi style is pretty great. If you're looking for a fun, cute game that will give you plenty of laughs, this is a good one."
,Recommended,415480,33000139,Posted: 29 June,all,IRainingSlayerI,"""B-Baka!"" - Noire all the time"
76561198015377395,Recommended,415480,22692550,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,StevieBond,"So it's finally here on Steam and it was well worth the wait.There's too much for me to say so I'll just point out the positives and negatives.+Same amazing voices+Nearly all of the generals in the game showed all the references I could ever want.+Chibi forms of the famous HDN girls are ADORABLE!+The Noire sim section was a very nice touch and in some way heartwarming, although...-...The last part was a little anti-climatic between the Secetary and Noire.-This game has crashed a few times, must be a bug in the file?-Some the missions were quite tedious, especially the zombie missions.Overal rating 8/10 = Well worth buying, if at a discount price and if you are a fan of the HDN franchise."
76561198092333117,Recommended,415480,22684458,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Saint Blanc,Noire dating sim...........................LOVE IT!
76561198019048563,Recommended,415480,22665907,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Unyaa,"The goodIt's a good budget gameDo you want to get close to Noire? I do like that the Noire dating sim aspect does focus on one girl and your relationship with her, and it's not a harem. In fact, the leader of the harem is Noire, not you. She's the lion, and you are one of the lionessesStory is decent. Seriously. Don't play these games for the story, maybe except Rebirth 2 and getting the conquest endingNew assets... mostlyHistoire's mission briefings. I end up really liking themI actually have warmed up to the interactions between Player and Noire.The bad:Reuse: The visual novel areas are reusedReused music. They really need to compose more. It's not like the Final Fantasy main theme, or the battle victory theme. They overdo itNoire doesn't seem to be the protagonist. You are. In the other games, you felt more like you were Neptune or Nepgear. In this game, you are an observer. In fact, you seem to play PlayerKind-of mixed on the Noire dating sim.Story is cookie-cutter.No Candidates :( . Even though the Candidates are often minor characters, I do like what they add to the story.If you like the other games, you'll probably like this one. I listed more cons than pros, but it's overall a solid game if you aren't encountering bugs"
,Recommended,415480,22683510,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Froppy,"More Nep Nep, More Pigtails, More 8Bit, Amazingly fun game to play with another quality story!"
76561198110649479,Recommended,415480,22686975,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,FallschirmjaegerGruppe,"Better than I expected, hue.Nep :> *lifts a block of wood*> *throws on a poor lowee guards look-alike*> *insta-cheese her*9/9Waiting for some fixes.Kept getting crashes whilst in the middle of battle. And right before win screen at that!Give me back my progress...!Add : Crashed pretty often on my machine (Win 10). Average at around once in 45min-1 hour. You ALWAYS want to use the quick-save feature whilst in battle, *especially* near the end of a battle. Crashed juuust as I updated this review, luckily I've gain useless 'paranoia' ability like Ge-Ge and saved every two turns.Pro-tip : always save. *teary eyes*"
,Recommended,415480,22661246,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,disco bassmate,The game dedicated to one and your only tsundere queen.
,Recommended,415480,22803659,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Harukawa Maki,"""Noire""1 word that simply baited me to buy this gameK, let's review this gamePros :+ Noire best CPU as the lead? Can't ask for more+ Some refreshing Table Turn Based RPG in Neptunia franchise+ Quite Challenging if you play with Hard difficulty and without ultimate gear+ Some new Refreshing RPG-ish BGMs and RPG-ish places+ A lot of characters (that means a lot of grinding)Cons :- 30 fps (honestly It didn't bother me that much)- Music not looping properly. Now this is bother me so much- Achievement not popping in game (It will popped out after you quit the game)- Auto Dialog system  just skip to next dialog if there's no voice. I always play with Auto so this bother me too.- Oh yeah, I forgot about the faceless secretary guy. Ugh I don't like him, typical guyWell, I can't say this is a Great game, but I can say this is a good game (especially when there's Noire in the title).If you enjoy Neptunia franchise and love Noire and don't mind a bit of bug here and there, I recommend this game for you.But if you butthurt about everything wrong with this game, well just do what you want."
76561198006247927,Recommended,415480,22712586,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Trigonometry,"Having spent well over 50hrs on the game I'm giving it a positive. Its a good spin-off from the Neptunia series and is well exacuted. Giving Noire the main helm. Nice turn-based stragety with characters turning into miniture counterparts. Almost like Nendoroids if you own any. You are also self-inserted into the game as Noire's Secretary.+ Noire as main character+ Loads of characters and new ones. All based off some other character/console or game+ Pleasent OST+ Customizabled add-ons, weapons and items+ Sim-Noire. Help her decide on requests from her citizens and housework+ Good animations & Special Moves+ 4K support (suprisingly)+ Good voice acting from Japanese- Poor English voice cast. Not in sync with animations- Quite a grind-fest- Occasional CTD- Secretary (you)- AI doesnt attack you unless in move tiles- Not enough enviroment interaction"
,Recommended,415480,22660319,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,darkuru,"It's only logical they make a game about my wife.No need to explain why you should buy this game.Just buy it, even if you dont like it.I don't care!Devote your faith in Noire, MY Noire."
,Recommended,415480,22681602,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,(PinNep)_O,Love big head O_O
,Recommended,415480,22772546,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,playeronefox,<3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3LOVE.Chibi cuteness. Great story. Effin fun as flip.EEEEEEEEEP!That is all.
,Recommended,415480,23179334,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,KiraChan,I Love You Noire
,Recommended,415480,22827475,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Inrelius,"Pro tip on how to make a succesful PC port:Just make SO MANY cheap DLCs that they alone worth 1.5 of the game.Also,Sim Noire.10/10"
76561198020575563,Recommended,415480,22701349,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,BBQBaconBurger,"My buddy can't talk smack about having a Vita and getting to play this game anymore, AND Noire is my waifu. IF keep porting this stuff and I'll keep throwing money at you."
76561198343920943,Recommended,415480,32958040,Posted: 28 June,all,Nep Nep :3,Really great game havent plaied it much yet but already loving it.
76561198025744911,Recommended,415480,28027206,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Noire,"Twintails are love, Twintails are life."
,Recommended,415480,28036276,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,pitawat02,Good j-rpg / but too high dlc pack price
,Recommended,415480,24722664,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Belgerum,"While this may not be the deepest model of turn-based strategy, and is pretty grindy, it's a good entry into the Neptunia series with a different feel of gameplay."
,Not Recommended,415480,23260536,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Shadow Esper,"Two months after release. and still no patches to fix a really common problem with the videos and freezing.Community has a fix that fixed it for me, but the community shouldn't have had to fix it."
76561198191327121,Recommended,415480,22659092,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,K@M!K@Z3,Noire <3
,Recommended,415480,23887817,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Aura,"Honestly didn't like the game much until the other CPU's showed up.Story wise, Noire is probably the most annoying character to have be the main character, her normal tsundere ways are more tsun than ever, you'll tsun miss the games where Neptune was the main. I have never in my life wanted to tell an anime representation of a game console to shut up more than when Noire speaks.Outside of that, the overall story isn't terrible, and the other CPU's are cool as always. Gameplay is interesting and although slow paced, its enjoyable.One more thing. Vert is OP...how you a quarter stack of chibi....but you a full stack of fanservice? When Vert gets a game, I'm preordering."
,Recommended,415480,22653945,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Altair,"It's a new Hyperdim-- oh wait.A new Hyper game from Idea Factory, what's not to like?"
,Recommended,415480,22654047,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Vil,All praise Noire.
,Recommended,415480,22658751,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Tako,"Only game I have ever played where one character referred to someone else as ""m9( ﾟД ﾟ)"""
76561198043843807,Recommended,415480,22690873,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Jimmy,Serve Lady Noire and save the world!
,Recommended,415480,22654751,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,KireusG,Is fun play it while I'm eating potato chips
,Recommended,415480,22787282,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,マホ~,Nowa's furniture is perverted.
,Recommended,415480,23018042,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,j0ny_brav0,A Good Game.
,Recommended,415480,33175558,Posted: 3 July,all,The Protagonist,All character is so ^-^
,Recommended,415480,24208352,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,vanrian,chiby version of HDN
,Recommended,415480,24926142,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,leafy,nice chibis
76561198160455091,Recommended,415480,25502080,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,horizonnine,Great game and love the soundtrack.
76561198203000575,Not Recommended,415480,34539153,Posted: 27 August,all,Pcuspard,"As somebody who loves the Neptunia franchise, this game is terrible. From how bad of a character Noire is, to the Secretary who has no business being there. The game is incredibly slow and incredibly clunky. Only really big Noire fans will get anything out of this one."
76561198033696241,Not Recommended,415480,23137449,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,CPU IrisHeart,"I'm a fan of the Neptunia series. However, I do not recommend this game. There are 2 reasons for that.1. Self-insert male character. There are proabably people who don't mind this, but I DO mind it. I enjoyed the game a lot less because of this.2. How Noire acts in this game. I don't like it at all."
,Not Recommended,415480,24594516,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,samanthahorwood9,"This game is not playable! I love the hyperdimension series but there are so many bugs in this game that it crashes at the slightest thing - especially alt-tab out/ minimising the game which is a very basic thing it should be able to cope with. I kind of wish I returned it but now it is too late. ALSO - I have no played 15hrs like it says, I've played maybe 2hrs. Probably spent 15hrs trying to load the game!"
76561198138520129,Recommended,415480,22664259,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Vlinna,Tsundere intensifies
,Not Recommended,415480,33318299,Posted: 6 July,all,spirit of jorg ancrath,"I love Neptunia as a game series and as a franchise. love the characters the dialogue the humor and almost everything about the games but whoever decided there should be a sleep mechanic in this game should be dragged into the streets and executed like a dog. a big personal ♥♥♥♥ YOU to the developer who raised their hand and said ""let's have a sleep mechanic"" buy this game if it's on sale or don't buy it at all"
,Recommended,415480,22947042,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,765Production~♪,(- 3-)
76561198131205445,Recommended,415480,22653232,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Dookkung,How to fix  freeze screen after prologue scene ?
,Recommended,415480,32919402,Posted: 28 June,all,Rei vreecase.com csgo-skins.com,First game i bought in this sale
,Recommended,415480,24151960,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Exolyte,Lots of anime grills.
,Recommended,415480,22651806,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Tsukun,"I-it's not like i'm doing this review for N-noire's sake or anything. Just buy this game if you love Noire-sama and shut up, b-bakaaa!"
76561198045859202,Recommended,415480,22650295,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,kalbidi,"It's a game about Noire, what's not to like?"
,Recommended,415480,22651381,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,GPU Gambon,"20 euros of DLC, more expensive than the base game XDBut I still love it!"
,Recommended,415480,22650798,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Khaz,Started the game and still trying to find the menu button.
76561198012727270,Recommended,415480,31683470,Posted: 11 May,all,Seele,Noir is your waifu in Fire Emblem
,Recommended,415480,24044962,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Ｄｉｖｉｎｉｔｙ,">le me>using Ryuka>watch the Skill Tab>""Way of The Yakuza"">it sounds cool>try it>smash the monster using a bottle>lmao10/10 would be smash the monster to be the Yakuza againNote : If you have problem to launch the game (for ex : blackscreen while starting the prologue), I suggest you to watch ->this video<- Its perfectly work for me"
,Recommended,415480,23097893,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Ketsueki Tera,Waifu Wars in chibi
76561197997378672,Recommended,415480,32385730,Posted: 13 June,all,Suzie Quatro,"Same N̶e̶p̶ Noire Time, Same Noire Channel"
,Recommended,415480,22655082,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,DRUNK_CANADIAN,Sorry internet Best Gril is Noire w/o questionerino.This game is like Final Fantasy Tactics for those who are socially inept....♥♥♥♥♥♥thats why I like it so much.Needs moe gameplay though and less creepy future serial killer elements.waifu/10 fedoras
76561198127168850,Recommended,415480,22650429,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Jihn The Forgotten,"There's a reason Noire has her own game, BEST WAIFU!!! <3 In all seriousness though, game is already f**king great because of the fps(runs a lot more smoother than it did with the other games)."
,Recommended,415480,34921524,Posted: 13 September,all,11K,415480
,Recommended,415480,32647660,Posted: 22 June,all,Yoshi,"I guess, Noire is great material for waifu."
,Not Recommended,415480,22717619,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Hakase,"This game is more broken than Payday 2 DLCs.It's ♥♥♥♥♥ier than TF2's FPS. At least with TF2, I can get past the ♥♥♥♥ING TITLESCREEN.EDIT: WE DID IT BOYS, I MADE IT PAST THE TITLE SCREENEDIT 2: After playing for a while now that it works, I still can't recommend buying it. Aside from the fact that it's locked at 30 fps, it's boring compared to the other grindy, non-spinoff versions of the game. So far.Well, if you're a die hard Neptunia fan, then I guess buying it wouldn't be so bad. Who knows, maybe my opinion will change."
76561198008795381,Recommended,415480,22660975,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Eugenm,Классный видеоролик и песня в нём!! GOOD GAMES!!
,Recommended,415480,22651510,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Zipper,I can't believe they ported Fire Emblem Waifu Simulator to Steam.
76561198035191747,Not Recommended,415480,23736991,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Tekkaman_Evil,"This game is okay. It's a SRPG marred by a lot of strange gameplay decisions. The male self insert that most of the fanbase is complaining about it not bad, I was expecting a dense as hell harem anime lead (like from trashy anime like Infinite Stratos or Hundred).Only get it if you really like Neps."
,Recommended,415480,22651457,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,No[3],I bought all the DLC tributes. Regrets none. Money gone. Regrets still none. CHIBIS my heart arg my heart is being crushed by the force. This is my will. Buy more for megadimension to come to PC.
,Recommended,415480,22652353,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,TenTwoJuan,10 Minutes in and i asked Noire to make sexy noises10/10 would make Norie my waifu again
,Recommended,415480,29909584,Posted: 13 February,all,General Augusto Pinochet,"You become part of the history as Noire's Secretary and develop a pseudo romantic relationship with her, even a love triangle with her and other characterSaorialso the gameplay is fun, just like other neptunia gamesBeing Self-inserted with lady Noire? this game was always my dream, is the holy grailDon't pay attention to all the butthurts Yuri lovers F.a.g.g.o.t.s. who only write hate reviews, they are just a bunch of gay moronsDefinitively would buy again <3"
76561198273424260,Not Recommended,415480,22783270,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,FarnesyFudge,"Do not make the same mistake as me; I tried to give this game a chance, several chances, and it let me down at every turn. If you are absolutly certain you want to try this game, then I implore you; if the opening cutscene of this game disgusts you half as much as it sickened me: REFUND THE GAME IMMEDIATLY!I missed the refund window, but I still requested to have this piece of trash removed from my account.This game damn near ruined the entire francise for me; I'll be giving much, much more thought to giving any further money to Compile Heart."
76561198171399494,Not Recommended,415480,28380919,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Hubaloo2,"I'm a huge fan of the series, in fact, I own nearly every game Idea Factory has put out; with that said I didn't enjoy this game; I found it lacking charm. The story idea of putting the player into a male secretarial role isn't what this series needed. The change to the lily system isn't what this game needed either. I don't think I'll be buying another Sting and Idea Factory colaberation game."
,Recommended,415480,24748211,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,SolviteSekai,♥♥♥♥ing perfect.
,Not Recommended,415480,22811509,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Jesuiscontent,"The gameplay is just awful.-Maps and AI are♥♥♥♥♥♥ No interesting objectives or enemy setups, and getting the few chests isolated in a corner is just needlessly tedious, as you don't have any pressure from anything, the enemies just nicely wait for you to get in their range before they do anything, there's no time limit, no reinforcments, absolutely nothing. You're just wasting you're time going from one part of the map to another with no repercussions to gather the chests. You don't even get any reward or incentive to finish missions faster or by minimizing damage taken or anything.-Due to the aforementioned garbage AI, combat is always ""bait one enemy by sitting at his max range then gang him up"". They do nothing by themselves, and even if you ""aggro"" one of them their buddies just don't care and they'll wait for you to come to them to act. That is reallty mindboggling coming from Sting. How can you do this sort of♥♥♥♥♥♥after making Yggdra Union is beyond me.-No interesting options. A simple weapon triangle would've been the bare minimum instead of ""normal attack, weak skill, strong skill"" where you only have to watch for your SP gauge. It really feels like I'm playing a regular RPG, with all the slowness and shortcomings of a TRPG and none of the benefits.I beat Rebirth 1 and sort of enjoyed it in a mindless, button-mashing and completionism kind of way, and I wouldn't say I recommend it, but this game doesn't even have that aspect and is just way worse.And that's not even touching on the usual rock-bottom production value, but I didn't really have any expectations regarding that after playing Rebirth 1.I got hard baited into buying this because I saw this was a TRPG made by Sting, but it turns out this is nothing more than a quick cash-grab with none of the parties involved giving a♥♥♥♥♥♥about this game. Only buy if you like nepshit"
76561198135967578,Recommended,415480,22649577,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,ุ,me mum walked in on me playing this game and disowned 10/10 was worth
,Recommended,415480,22654536,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Vega ☆,"People of this Earth, I believe I have finally found the sequel to L.A. Noire...<3((""Time to get serious!"", it's a great game so far. Noire is the main character in this game (surprisingly...)  and she gets her own little secretary to follow her around (which is you, or in this case, me) and from the looks of it, it sounds like a romance is gonna happen some time around this...hehehe....but! get the game, well, if you dont mind the Chibi style of course...what sucks is that Nep isn't the main in this one :< so you'll have to get used to that also.........anyways, thanks for reading my review, if you didn't find it helpful, it's no big deal, I tried my best, and I didn't even play the game for that long yet...but thanks again!))"
,Not Recommended,415480,25584225,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Ion#C,------------------------------------------------------------Hyperdevotion Noire: Goddess Black Heart has stopped working------------------------------------------------------------This happend every times when i open this gameand>this game have a male main character<
76561198121752710,Not Recommended,415480,29711889,Posted: 4 February,all,4chan is a gender,Crashes and restarts PC past prolouge.
,Not Recommended,415480,22700006,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Neckless Sheep,Locked at 30 FPS
,Recommended,415480,27486641,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Kalium,Love the girls
,Recommended,415480,27241548,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Minagawa Akane,Best Dating Sim Noire
,Recommended,415480,27311124,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Matthew98_v2,"The best Neptunia's spinoff on Steam today.It's based on Noire, so it comes naturally to be that good ;PHowever there might be a little too much grinding to do (70 hours out of 131 o.O)."
76561198094833195,Recommended,415480,27352111,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,lightninglarz56,This game is amazing. It really reminds me of Yu-Gi-Oh Capsule Monsters for the PS2
,Recommended,415480,27602285,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Pulilith,15/10 gotta get all the kawaiis
,Recommended,415480,31051662,Posted: 9 April,all,Fuwa♥fuwa,*Repeatedly* when new characters appeared.
,Recommended,415480,34739790,Posted: 4 September,all,Neptune,Positive:+ New neptunia game+ New mechanics and gameplay+ Noire as leadNegative:- Too many characters- So many frustrating bugs- Bosses just love to go to the traps and not get penalized for it.So far this is the most disappointing neptunia game for me due to the issues for just playing this game.
,Recommended,415480,35319440,Posted: 29 September,all,Cool Panda,Screw Noire play for ponna!
,Not Recommended,415480,35437975,Posted: 3 October,all,GT_Explosion,"Although I like the series, I have to give honest opinion about this game. The chibi style is new and refreshing while the story is still goofy and funny. However, the game is just tooo freaking irritating. Map can takes over 10 turns to complete and you need to grind for lily rank if you want the true ending, moreover the lily rank in this game is really horrible and time-consuming. The last boss is just too overpowered and took me quite a long time to figure out how to beat it. Overall, if you like the series very much and dont want to miss out on any neptunia games, buy it. Otherwise, i'd totally not reccomended this for not-fan players. Rated 5/10"
