user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,415920,19855816,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,The Prophet Mohammad,"A real hidden gem of a game; Voidspire Tactics is a rarity in that it not only draws inspiration from games like Final Fantasy Tactics, but it actually gets what is fun about a party based SRPG. The rhythm of unlocking new skills, classes, passive abilities is spot on. After every battle there's usually something new to equip, or some ability to buy, or some stats to improve.Combat lacks the height mechanics of FFT/ Tactics Ogre, but there's still a lot to take in, with positioning and facing still matter, and spells modify terrain (Ala Bahamut Lagoon.) It's not quite Divinity: Original Sin, but magic interacts with the environment in some fun ways.Outside of combat, exploration is outstanding. Somewhat non-linear with a wide variety of environment types, visually the game never gets boring.  Plenty of secret items and even areas are stashed underground, down cliff faces, and just behind cave walls. I was surprised a number of times how a hunch or even a blind guess paid off.Plot is definitely not the main focus of the game, which may disappoint some RPG lovers, but I was so in love with the gameplay and exploration that I was glad to spend most of the game outside a dialogue box. There are some choices to be made, and an in-game bestiary/ item codex to fill out, so while a first time play-through may run about 15 hours, there's plenty of content to go back and look for.In short, there's a lot to love about this game, whether you're a JRPG or WRPG fan. Voidspire Tactics is a detailed, very creative game that knows it's strengths, and is just a delight to play."
,Recommended,415920,32685948,Posted: 23 June,all,HoboForEternity,"Low in style, heavy in substancethis SNES 16-bit reminiscent turn based RPG is more than it looks. to make long story short, the game basically is a 16 Bit version of Divinity Original Sin with fun and varied classing and a great soundtrack to boot.the main appeal of the game is the combat and spell system where the focus  is to use the elements against your enemies and solve puzzles. dowse your enemies with puddle of water, zap it with electricity and everyone in the area got zap. repair a bridge with wooden planks, use growth spell to re-grow cut tree so you have infinite supplies of wooden plank (or painstakingly scour areas for wooden planks or hit wooden furniture with ax to get wooden planks, etc there are probably a thousand way to get wooden planks in the game)the level of interactivity in the battlefield is one of the best i've seen. your battle will leave permanents mark on the battlefield. cube of ice, schorched ground, puddle of water all will litter and mark the mayhem you've caused to your poor enemies.of course, that level of interactivity isn't just wasted in combat. it place a crucial role for your party to discover all the secret items and bosses that litter the world. in 2D-zelda like traversal system, players are free to roam each part of the world, digging ground to find buried treasure, blasting annoying bushes to with explosions to make path, mining ores and glowy mushroom to craft things, or even regrow dead tree to give you fruits that increase HP permanently. the game is full of cool secrets that makes it worth to explore and visit multiple times.of course the robust combat, skills and spell system are supported by satisfyingly varied amounts of enemies, where most encounters and hand crafted and offer unique situations. there are humanoid warriors that can have the same classes and use the same skills as the player, to giant magic bears that can leap at you with great speed to giant spider and rock people.the class system is interesting. you start with 3 classes, warrior, scholar, and scout and you earn XP with each main class you ""equip"" there are 2 slots for classes, the main slot is the class that will gain XP, and the second slot won't net you exp, but you can use the skills you unlocked in that class. for example, to get sage class, you have to have 250 XP in scholar class, so you equip scholar class as your main, gain XP and get the sage class, then you set your main class to sage, and it will gain experience for you to spend on skill points and unlock more class. more advanced class like balancer, gatekeeper, breaker, mechanist will need multiple classes EXP to unlock, so  you are encouraged to try a different classes to experiment and combine. it is a robust system on itself on top of the already mention skills and spell interactivity that no other game has rivaled except maybe divinity original sin.if you are looking for a turn based RPG with amazing combat and class system, on top of awesome groovy soundtrack this game is for you."
,Recommended,415920,32705752,Posted: 23 June,all,BlankMauser,"It's like Final Fantasy Tactics combat with souls-esque exploration/level design.If you're like me, not much scratches the SRPG itch quite like FFT did. I've tried everything from Disgaea, the spin-offs, hard-mode mods (In fact an FFT mod forum is where I discovered this) and consider myself an enthusiast of the Strategy RPG genre overall. When I played this game it scratched that itch and MORE. Hands-down, this quickly became one of my favorite games of all time. The feeling of wonder as you combine tools and discover new locations is so gratifying.The best part is how seamless the open combat merges with the exploration. Grow plants that act as ladders, dig through walls and discover hidden tunnels, freeze the water and find that you can walk into a new area. Voidspire has created a robust and addicting system that isn't overwhelming, and encourages a child-like sense of experimentation.When I say open combat I really mean it. The dual-class system allows for extremely creative combinations. Things like teleporting your elemental sword attacks across space, setting up turrets behind magic barriers for a zombie shelter, or improvising a trap with corpses left on the battlefield are all possible. You can really come up with so many playstyles and strategies, and yet the power curve is still very hard to break. This is in my opinion, one of its best traits. While it is an RPG, the stat-crunching aspect is heavily underplayed in exchange for small damage numbers and controllable difficulty. This leads to very consistently challenging and exciting battles that while never frustrating, will always encourage you to play intelligently.I have almost 80 hours into the game and I'm still tackling secret bosses, and discovering extra rooms and items. This game is a hidden gem and its currently on sale for %50 off. It's a crime how underplayed this game is. If you love job systems, tactics games, or even just old-school rpgs, you should really just check this out. I jumped on the bandwagon late but this game was my favorite of 2016."
76561197984806220,Recommended,415920,21040432,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,???,"A great turn based open world RPG with a strong focus on exploration and character customization. I find myself particularly impressed with the engine; the designer was able to do a lot of neat things with environmental manipulation and lighting effects, in a way that feels more fresh and interesting than any other tactics game I've played. Highly recommended!"
76561197982844462,Recommended,415920,18850618,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,brassi77,"As a short review I recommend this game.  Instead of me listing pros and cons I’ll just leave some bullets and you can decide if you like that element or not.Good KB/M support.  Can rebind all keys.  But, has a somewhat console-ish UI feel.Four member party generationFour races with basic racial ability/bonuses equivalent to Avrernum gamesCharacter development is through earning xp in a specific class and unlocking new classes.  You can have two classes activated at any time, and the abilities granted by these classes.There are three passive slots for slotting passive abilities you opened with classes.  Can have three from one class or mix and match.Zelda like elements like picking through walls or shoveling to find secrets, etc.Gameplay, to me, seems like a jrpg developer tried to make a western like crpg in the vein of Dark Sun, Avernum, or Albion.Crafting is extensive.  Not extensive like in-depth and complicated, but extensive as in abundant.For instance – you can put oil in an empty bottle, put an oily rag on the empty bottle and you have a Molotov cocktail.To craft weapons you need the weapon manual/book thing and put it on an anvil then put the mat on it and Wala you have a crafted weapon.Better mats make better weapons.Put a piston and rope together and you can climb down holes.Chop trees for wood, etc.I never really pay attention to story but the dialogue has been very brief so I have read what has been said.  Story, so far, doesn’t seem to be the focus of the game.Lot of exploring.Very restricted equipment slots.  You have two weapon/item slots and three other slots for armor and two trinketish items (like a necklace and goggles, or a cloak and hipflask for example.Combat is decent.  I don’t think it is mind blowing os far, but I’m not all that far into the game.  I would say it is a ring above Avernum, but not at the level of ToEE (in my opinion).  On par with Knights of the Chalice.Combat does not have action points - you have a movement option and attack option like Antharion, ToEE, Knights of the Chalice, etc.No bugs so far; seems pretty rock solidMy opinion – this game is good and well worth the money, even at full price, for fans of crpgs willing to try a game that isn’t your standard fair.  The game probably won’t blow your mind but it has enough content and meat to justify the price.  Its not the best at anything, but it is also far from the worst.  It has all the gameplay elements I look for in a crpg and I do not regret this purchase at all and feel safe recommending it to all crpg fans at full price."
,Recommended,415920,18851639,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Losian Rooke,"I am a die-hard tactics fan. Final Fantasy Tactics, Tactics Advance 2, and Tactics Advance all have a spot somewhere in the top handful of my favorite games of all time. As such, I always lack of remotely similar titles that build on the style that they set the groundwork for!This game, it seems, has at least some inspiration from that style. I'm just throwing down my first impressions here after making characters and jumping in.The graphics are relatively simple pixelwork, but it's tightly controlled and well done, it's cohesive. The environments fit the style, there's no obnoxious 3d lighting effects thrown over pixels or backgrounds in a different resolution. The UI is fairly intuitive. Movement and actions in combat take a little getting used to but it's not bad.There are four races at start; humans, of course, and three others.. which includes a furred race, a naga race, and some kinda weird faceless humanoids. You start by making a party of four and can change up the head style/hair/clothing colors/etc. to differentiate your characters. The game has a sort of open-worldness, think back to like.. Ultimate series? You can wander around outside combat and use abilities (light braziers after setting them back upright, manipulate terrain to traverse it, search crates, etc.) and it feels a lot like the later Ultimas, but with your party in tow, naturally.To my surprise it even has a charge-time mechanic much like the original Final Fantasy Tactics! You have to be a bit more careful with the planning of dropping your spells and such.At that point it drops you right in, and you start off with three available classes. There seems to be the ability to have a main and secondary class, again much like the tactics series. I can't comment yet on the overall balance with combat difficulty, classes, etc., but my first impressions are surprisingly positive! I've yet to find ANY other Tactics-style game that was really done remarkably well, so this is a treat for those like me potentially.I'm thoroughly impressed!One big issue, though, is that at present (11/2/15), the saving appears to sometimes crash the game. :( The autosaving works and the save seems to work at least sometimes, but it's a bit hit or miss, so it's sort've a significant annoyance. ** This should be fixed now, saving works fine for me as of the built the other day. **Edit: Couple hours in now, totally worth the cost and then some. So far so good. There's a neat little crafting system, a mix-and-match of passives from various classes that encourages branching out, a  nice variety of weapons/status effects/etc. It definitely has a 'open world' kinda feel as it suggests, there's hints of directions but not tons, but it's also pretty engaging just to wander around and see what enemies/items you can find/craft, while also bulking up your classes a bit.This is a definitely solid title.Edit edit: Just finished today!Absolutely loved it. I did hit ONE major bug, but coincidentally I had just reported a smaller bug to the dev and, as such, he helped me out and he was able to not only fix the issue but isolate the bug and go ahead and update the build so it'd not be a game-breaker for any other users who play it.My only real significant complaint is that I'd love more! A bit more depth to the dialogue or story wouldn't be bad, but I also realize that the goal here seemed to be more of an ""openness and exploration"" type approach as opposed to a deep and engrossing story. There was some intrigue and such at first while figuring out the gist of what's going on, so that was definitely better than nothing!I definitely enjoyed the game, and after beating it there even seem to be a few unlocks (a few races, new difficulty, etc.) so there may yet be more on harder difficulties/other play throughs? Not sure, but really, I'd give this game a solid thumbs-up if you are a fan of any of the Final Fantasy Tactics series.I do wish I had realized sooner that I could hover over the ?? for classes not yet unlocked and thus unlocked them sooner and, as such, be able to better plan out my characters. I was scrambling a bit at the end to kinda build up their skillsets some more with the last classes I unlocked. I will also say there were QUITE a few secrets, and I'm sure I missed a bunch.Keep a good eye out for nice Zelda-style breakable walls (and keep a hammer, axe, pickax, shovel, etc. handy for such occasions, too.) There are some moments when you need a precise one of a couple tools to get through something.I do wish the game was a bit longer, but for the cost and the style of game, I have no complaints.Super good job, dev. Great game!"
,Recommended,415920,18850555,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Toasty Von Toastington,"Completely caught off guard by this new title, Great game!Lots of exploring, no one seems to be holding your hand through it.I died at least 10 times through my playthrough... so the difficulty is where I like itand having a diverse party of skills and tricks makes the replay value all the more worth it.Thank you for making a quality game like this.brings that nostalgia from old snes/psone tactical rpgs like chrono trigger and final fantasy tactics, and final fantasy 1Buy this game if you at all have love for the classics9/10"
,Recommended,415920,18845304,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Sound Rules,"Is this game good? Short answer, yes, you will most likely be satisfied with your purchase because this game does a lot of things right.Let's get into it a bit more and I will explain a few reasons why I am enjoying this game so much.For starters, the developer (I think it's only one guy) has clearly put a lot of heart into the overall design of his game. Every character feels unique and I feel encouraged to interact with them. The enviornments are pleasing to navigate and encourages you to explore each and every area. The music varies on the situation but it almost always goes well what your doing in game, whether is simply exploring a dungeon, or fighting in an epic battle.Secondly, and probably the best part about Voidspire, is the combat. There is a lot to love here and I have absolutley no gripes with combat thus far. It's very fair, and also challenging. I am playing the game on default settings right now and I'm still making some mistakes. I have accidentally downed one of my characters by hitting him with a my own lighting bolt.There are a variety of classes that you can start out with and I believe you can unlock more as you progress, and whats really cool is you can change up your class for your characters any time, as well as assign them secondary classes. And as you level up your characters you get new abilities at your disposal and this lets you fight the way you want to fight. I am having a lot of fun with one character whos primary class is warrior, but I also leveled up some scholar abilities as well. This type of model lets you tailor the game to how you want to play, and it's a lot of fun. There are also a lot of stats related to each of your characters which makes it extremly fun to level them up and see how they progress."
76561198001066390,Recommended,415920,22344735,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Hakuen Kage,"If you're a fan of tactical fantasy games, I strongly recommend Voidspire Tactics.Character development allows for high team versatility and customization. There is a wealth of interesting classes, each with their own unique abilities, allowing for some very fun combinations. Versatility is also a key element outside of combat, as many of the games puzzles have multiple solutions.I experienced a bug attempting to solve a problem in one particular way. The creator of the game responded within a few hours with multiple solutions. He also looked over my save game files to determine what other options I had available to me. Because the game has multiple solutions, I was able to work around the bug by simply solving the problem another way.Given the cheap cost of the game, high replayability, great gameplay, originality of the world, and excellent support, this is a solid buy for any fan of tactical turn-based games."
,Recommended,415920,29800666,Posted: 9 February,all,Zetor,"The Tactical RPG (and/or SRPG) genre on the PC has had a mini-renaissance since the mid-2010s, and this little-known indie gem is one of the best of the bunch. It's like someone cherry-picked the best mechanics from a lot of different games:the combat system of Shining Force (or Dark Sun) with Final Fantasy Tactics-style casting times for some abilities, interrupts, etca flexible class system reminiscent of FFT, with the option to switch between primary/secondary classes and passives at any time outside combat, enabling some crazy character concepts and hybridsexploration from Zelda -- dig for buried treasure, find secret areas and bosses (I still haven't found all of them!), and - in general - discover a unique world on your own without getting exposition shoved down your throatbattlefield manipulation like in Divinity: Original Sin -- burn down the forest surrounding your foes (or use healing magic to grow your own trees to harvest for wood), freeze water to create bridges, etcThe negatives are relatively minor in comparison:Inventory management can be painful... especially when looking for a particular item you stashed a few hours of playtime ago.The relatively simplistic graphics can be off-putting, though some aspects are surprisingly well-done, like dynamic lighting and even facial expressions.The story / plot is very minimalist; friendly NPCs are terse and don't explain too much about the world, leaving most of the backstory up to your imagination. Then again, this isn't necessarily a bad thing (see also: Dark Souls).While this is not a super-long game (~15-20 hours for a first playthrough), it has a lot of potential for replayability. Many different class combinations (or even the same combinations emphasizing different abilities) in your party can drastically change your playstyle, and there are also several different kinds of difficulty settings -- including a super-hard mode unlocked after beating the game the first time.Overall I'd definitely recommend Voidspire Tactics if you enjoy games like this: either console SRPGs like Tactics Ogre / FFT or combat-focused CRPGs like Temple of Elemental Evil / Knights of the Chalice."
,Recommended,415920,22190229,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Z. Bilious Todd,"This is an ingenious game.At first glance it might look like all the art is copy/pasted from some Snes template, but don't let that repel you. Not only is this a fantastic (and very fun) tactics game, it's got a ton of neat crafting & exploring mechanics you don't expect.Often I was surprised by this game, like: ""I need more bandages but don't know how to make them. I wonder if I use that on that..."" And it totally worked! Or: ""I can only hop two tiles. Can I freeze that water to make it to the island?"" Yes! ""Wait, can I use these seeds to make a vine ladder?"" Absolutely!It's essentially got all the sandboxy world-altering of something like Divinity: Original Sin, but this was made by one guy!Also, the world is simple, but a lot of fun. Smartly, the developer justified having disparate game environments crammed next to each other by making that part of the plot in an almost meta way! And the denizens of the world are stone people, cats, lizards, insects...It's like a small slice of a rich, weird fantasy world.Highly recommended for any tactics fan, especially those who seek out games that sprang from one dev's mind."
76561198008261033,Recommended,415920,19899776,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,randraug,"This is an amazing game. Have only played a short bit, but am enojoying it. Voidspire Tactics is to strategy rpgs what Chrono Trigger was to jrpgs.The combat initiating and transpiring on the same screen as exploration is immensely satifisying. Character location becomes very important and setting up surpise attacks is a challenge if you do not go the way of range attacks. Character death, if your party survives, only incurs a health penalty until you rest and recuperate.Enjoying the class system. Not very complex. Have a main and a secondary class that gain xp. Every ~400 xp gets you stars that can boost stats and proficiencies. XP is used to gain and increase ranks in abilities. Meeting xp reqs in different classes open up more classes. Looking forward to opening up some of the higher tiers.Exploration is great. Reminds me of Pokemon. Have a skill that boosts vegetable growth, use it to grow plants that you can harvest. Use axes to cut down trees. Use bottles on beer kegs to bottle beer. All sorts of stuff. Don't want to spoil anything else. Just be ready to experiment and be creative.Need to play more to give the story props. But by gameplay alone, this is a need to play game."
,Recommended,415920,34097351,Posted: 7 August,all,Kenzya,"As a fan of CRPG's, I would wholeheartedly recoomend this game. This was an addicting experience from beginning to end. Really, everything is above average for the genre except for characters and story. But, building your party, setting, eploring, and the fighting system are exceptional. I would even like to mention the UI. It's an Ultima VII type mouse driven interface. It works well for this game and some of its puzzles. I am happy where the game ended but cannot wait for the next iteration of this engine."
76561198158149244,Recommended,415920,19004098,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,tuckboat,"So for the short Version.....I am going to start of this review by saying CONGRATS!  You are now one step closer to unearthing the next indie gem in your steam collection. If the numbers I have seen on steamdb today are to be believed you are one of only a relative few that have been lucky enough to do so. This game is good buy it.And the rest of the story......I confess the reason I initially turned my nose up at this title was the asking price vs. the graphics shown in the screenshots. My gut reaction was this was going to be another ""proud"" indie developed game with alot of heart and not enough direction or triple AAA gloss to cover up the imperfections. Well I was wrong.So I decided to make the purchase after seeing the slow trickle of ""recommend it"" reviews that seemed to be genuine come rolling in over the last few days. If you take the time to read them I think its pretty clear most of the reviewers would put this game in the 8-9 range on a 10 scale. I was also swayed by taking a visit to the game's dedicated page and browsing a few articles/blogposts from the developer (I think this is a one man show) detailing his take on the mechanics that govern rpg systems and challenges of allowing for intersting choice vs maintianing game balance. If you're still on the fence I'll do my best to tell you why you should be off it and walking this way already.Stuff I liked.....Solid Combat Mechanics - Fairly standard Startegic RPG with a twist or two thrown in for funExploration - Legend of Zelda comparision-worthyPacing - Excellent for me and you if your fan of exploring looking for seceretsCasual plus/Hardcore-lite  - Voidspire found that sweet spot between making the game too simple and overly complexBalanced - Good build-up from a few gimmes to a casual brawl on up into a few semi-challenging to difficult scenarios. I love that I was required to make some strategic adjustments in the mid to late game but did not feel that one missmanaged attribute point early had destoryed my character builds.. Puzzles - These required work and a bit of effort plus perceptionInteractions - There's alot of them from icing down water to walk across to diggin up rubble and lighting camp fires. Big plus for me was that you can burn down a forest. It takes persistance and given there's no real strategic value in doing so. Regardless I reaaaaallllly enjoyed watching it burn up along with the hippie squatters that called it home.Retro-feeling good ness from the 16-bit era Super Nintendo styleUnique (meaning there's only one) setting - Not your typical Orcs, Goblins, Dragons-to-go formula.AC/DC-Stats are not explained very well...for experience players this will not be an issue as the forumla is a pretty standard rpg - A bit of a plus if you don't like having your hand-held through familiar territory-UI kinda wonky at first but it grew on me as the game went on-Music is functional but repetetive and forgettable-Backtracking got a bit tedious in the late mid-game but was  most of the maps had shortcuts keeping this annoyance to a minimum-Story is Light on content and no attempt is made at character development. What you will find is adequate in giving some purpose to your actions and establishing the setting. The interactions with the environment act as a placeholder for the immersion offered by other title's central story and characters.-Graphically lackluster - Still manages to be effective in delivering the gameplay mechanics but nothing to right home about. A few of the character sprites have enough originality to push this up a notch.Stuff for improvement....Length - Just a back-handed compliment reallly. The 30-35 hours spent here had me satisfied but still wanting more. Replay value is likely determined by how much time you spent exploring the first time around. An added difficulty adds some points here but I am not overly excited at going through the game knowing most of the suprises have already been found.Inventory/Loot System -  Only aspect of the game I found myself completely unhappy with. Picking through spoils of wars for scrap metal has never been my favorite rpg trope.Slightly Underdeveloped Systems - Crafting is somewhat interesting in that there is an element of scarcity and choice to looting. However combining a craftbook and one element is a little too simple for my tastes. Exploration is fun and usually rewarding but would probably benefit addtional context clues, maps etc. The majority of the classes have at least two skills or passive that interested me but there were two or three that need some expansion. One seemed like a complete throwaway to me but I may need to give it a second look.I loved this game and enjoyed it enough to get a litte depressed finishing my first playthrough. I can not say this game has a WOW factor in any particular area but the sum of the parts wound up greater than I could have expected. Lack of an exciting or dynamic selling point might be a defeating characteristic for many titles but Voidspire Tactics wins with solid and familiar forumula. Minimizing the aspects of the experience that are secondary or superfoulous in order to maxmize the parts of the experience that shine.Fun Game. Solid Game Design. Money and time well spent here.9/10 - Exceptionally ""Good"" one of my favorite games of 2015"
,Recommended,415920,20041945,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Huyo,"Voidspire Tactics is very similar to the Final Fantasy Tactics games.Pros:Turnbased tactics battlesInteresting class systemExploration basedSimple but enjoyable story/dialogueCons:Graphics are hard to see/understand sometimesCertain classes feel weak at pointsSmall bugsI would definitely recommend this game to any tacics series fans. The battles always feel engaging, and exploration keeps the game from feeling too linear. Overall a great buy."
,Recommended,415920,32792311,Posted: 25 June,all,Obnoxious Anime Avatar,Fantastic game.Some games say they have good exploration. Voidspire Tactics actually provides it by having satisfying exploration due to being able to play with the interactions between your items and abilities and the environment. The combat moves at a good pace while having enough options to be interesting. The character customization has enough depth without becoming a slog to manage.Some note that the inventory can be annoying to manage and I can see some truth in that though I didn't see it as particularly painful.I was genuinely surprised by how much I enjoyed this game. The fact that it isn't more well known is a real shame as it deserves more. Definitely give it a shot.
76561198006649376,Recommended,415920,32198982,Posted: 5 June,all,Oakblade,"If you like Divinity series or Final Fantasy Tactics, you'll like this.Pixel art graphics look dated, but under the hood this game is a ton of fun.Tactical fights, like X-com with magic and swords, are done well and progress nicely in difficulty. Your ability to control your guys makes all the difference. You're not just watching stacks of hitpoints go down. There's a lot of interplay in the skills your guys learn, and how and when they use them.The game lets you explore far and wide, so you can find encounters that really challenge you.The puzzles are engaging in the intuitive way. They ramp up over time, and the same bits and pieces are used by the crafting system. There's a lot of 'aha!' moments. Without spoiling anything, they use common sense a lot.Character progression is deep and fun. I was worried that I mis-created my party, when they didn't start out with the classes I wanted, but class-switching is effortless and you can't make a mistake. All XP is useful. Advanced classes require many beginner classes so if your warrior started as a scout, no big deal, that scout xp will come in handy later. This is very valuable, you can't screw yourself with a bad decision - at least early on - it might be different in late game, but I'm not there yet.Crafting reminds me a lot of divinity, where you combine objects in mostly obvious ways to make new things out of them.Those empty bottles at the beginning are useful. But don't buy them yet. When you find them, save them for later.So now onto my 3-star rating system.Does it have elves? No.Does it have swords? Hell yes. Swords are very well done in this game.Does it have pvp? No. It's a single player game.So it's 1/3 stars. But I'm having fun with it regardless. The swords are worth it.UPDATE: I've beaten the game. It's still super awesome. Now I'm playing its sequel, Alvora Tactics. If it's even half as good it'll be money well spent.P.S. Best crafting system ever. Holy cow that was nifty to mess around in."
,Recommended,415920,19311840,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,rolldig,"The core gameplay of Voidspire Tactics can be separated into the class system/character specialization, the combat gameplay, and the noncombat gameplay. There are also additional features like dialogue and inventory management, but they play more of a support role. This review of Voidspire Tactics focuses on the three main categories of gameplay mentioned earlier.Scroll down to read the review, or watch the video review if you prefer:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=563450552Class System:The class system in Voidspire Tactics is relatively friendly to new players, but has a certain amount of depth and complexity to it as well, which becomes apparent over time. The ability to switch classes at any time can also lead to some interesting situations.Combat Gameplay:The combat in Voidspire Tactics is great. The level design combines, the usefulness of the active abilities and spells , and the high overall level of interactivity combine together to produce a variety of interesting situation and a plethora of possible tactics to apply.Noncombat Gameplay:The noncombat gameplay in Voidspire Tactics takes the form of environmental puzzles, which often have multiple solutions, based on your character's abilities. This is similar to Divinity: Original Sin, a game I adore, so I'm very happy with Voidspire Tactics as well. As a person who's not great at the traditional adventure game style puzzle solving where there's only one way to go about doing things, I love the noncombat gameplay in Voidspire.Story:Although this game features a dialogue system, a unique setting, and a story, I just don't find it very interesting. Coming from a crpg background, I'm used to more interactivity in the dialogue (I like it better when even the dialogue trees become a form of gameplay). What's more, the writing isn't compelling enough to make me care.Other:There are some minor usability issues. In particular the movement controls are very strange, as you have to hold down the mouse button to walk instead of just clicking on a destination. Voidspire Tactics does have pathfinding, as shown during combat, so it seems unusual. The graphics are also low fidelity pixel art, which may be a problem for some people.Overall:Voidspire Tactics is a gem of a game. As a fan of tactical RPGs/SRPGs, I'm very happy with it. Not only is the combat excellent, but even the noncombat gameplay of Voidspire Tactics is fantastic. The story and graphics aren't great, but the the dialogue lines are short and to the point, and I don't mind the pixel art at all."
76561198206075107,Recommended,415920,23185383,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Chess,"To the grid based stratagy lover, this game is a dream come true. Numerous classes to chose from, each with abilities unique and interesting. The game is also full of secrets that need finding, including burried treasures, hidden bosses, short cuts, and even a village at one point. I know for a fact that I didn't find everything my first play through, and , without giving away too much, they do make it worth playing through more than once. This is honestly one of my absolute favorite games."
76561197995209569,Recommended,415920,22131684,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Zal,Very good indie game for those who like Tactical RPGs.
,Recommended,415920,18868454,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,jnaxtea,"My edits to this review:: I finished the game soon after buying it and I really loved it. I actually got stuck at the final puzzle and had to email the dev for the solution so that's embarrassing. Since then he's added a new playable class but I don't really have any desire to replay the game. I still fondly remember it as what I think indie Steam games should aspire to be - a complete experience.aaand I'm super excited for his next game!///Id like to review this game even though I have just started playing it.I really love the grameplay mechanics, the exploration/battle system is fun and unique. The overall experience feels tactical and immersive. The dialogue is well written and accessible, it is not too over saturated with plot yet still engaging.So far Voidspire Tactics seems to fulfil my itch for a pixel RPG. Tactical RPGs such as Fire Emblem and Disgaea are my favorite genre of games and I was looking for an indie game with similar levels of character depth.I will update my review later but I wanted to provide my support since the game was just launched :)"
76561198002338993,Recommended,415920,29376349,Posted: 20 January,all,Sdric,"Definetely a hidden Gems.The pixilated graphics might take some time to get used to, but there's a lot of effort put into this.Pro:- Huge amount of freedom, lots of hidden secrets- A great combat system- Good character skilling options- Very balanced classes and gear- Relatively smart opponents keep it interesting- Non-linear (several ways to progress and overcome obstacles)- A lot of sandboxy aspects (dig through walls, grow a vine-ladder, create a new path by putting a rope down the ledge, freeze water to walk on ice)- All of the above interactions are for you to discover, the game explains little and encourages you to experiement (""What happens if I use that spell there...It worked!! DAMN they really thought of that? )- Low system requirements- Expect 18+ hours of playtime if you just play the storyCon:- Inventory management could be better, navigation through so many bags can be annoying- Could have used alittle bit more stoy"
,Recommended,415920,33573243,Posted: 15 July,all,Etae,"GREAT GAME! Absolutely RECOMMENDED for both fans of western style CRPGs/ Console JRPGsI did beat the game and got 100% of the achievements but I am positive I missed some secrets and there were two optional battles that I could not beat.PROS/CONS for four categories: Gameplay, Graphics, Story, and Music/Sound.Again I STRONGLY RECOMMEND this game so take the negatives with a grain of salt.Gameplay+ Really unique. Combines things from Ultima, Metroidvania, and Turn based SRPGs. The part that’s Ultima is the interface with drag and drop interaction. The part that is Metroidvania is exploring a fairly large world with TONS of secrets. It restricts from you from going to later areas at the start by needing certain items or abilities. There are quite a few areas at the start that can be completed in any order. The part that is “Tactics” or  turn based SRPG is the battle system like Shining Force. Final Fantasy Tactics etc+ Lots of interactable objects within that system.+ The level design is well thought out with nice shortcuts that help with backtracking.+ A lot of the secret areas are logical. I fought an Enemy that exists on a wall after defeating it I pick axed that wall and found a secret area.+ Secret areas reward exploration/use of the interaction system.+ Most battles are with less than 10 enemies so nothing drags on too long.+ Perfect length (20-30 hours on first playthrough) doesn’t pull JRPG ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t to pad game time.+/- The tactics gameplay relies heavily on positioning your enemies by use of walls/turrets to be able to cast AoE magic spells.– The inventory is straight from Ultima 7.  drag and drop nightmare- Items won’t always stack if you have them in another bag within your inventory.- It’s a Metroidvania in level design. Although its mitigated by shortcuts, there is backtracking especially if you’re stuck- Some of the secret areas are really obscure wall hugging/pixel finding stuff.- Enemies can take a really long time on their turns planning out their actions.Graphics+/- So it does use pixel graphics. They are on par with early Super Nintendo stuff (sprites are flat colors with little shading). At first I felt like everything was way too big and blocky at 1080p. But as I played it grew on me.+Overall it was consistent nothing feels out of place within the world.+ Not typical fantasy+ Character Races are interesting and offer some customization.+ Enough variation in areas and enemies to keep it interesting and made me want to see what was next.+ Weapons change appearance. A couple of accessories actually show on your character.+ Different classes have different appearances.- It’s ugly compared to most SNES RPGs  that were released in the US.- Character Customization is fairly basic.- Birds. Everything on these sprites is ugly/weird. Also awkward death animations.- The accessories that do change your character is limited to (I think?) one or two. You can loot a cape that will show on your character but its right before the final boss.- Different armor just changes the color of your character’s armor. Again other than one or two accessories /class changing your armor stays the same other than color.Story+ It has some cool ideas. Doesn’t have some Characters as completely good or evil.+ There are some choices. (Though there are a couple that can make the difficulty sky rocket.)+ Good length+/- Moves at a good pace. Good flow of story events. Nothing drags or gets in the way of exploration/combat.+/- Not typical fantasy but just barely.- The story was “ok” at best.- Most of the characters/motivations are simple.Music+/- The first impression of the music isn’t great. The first ""real"" town's music. Holy ♥♥♥♥, is it annoying ear piercing and repetitive. The first merchant’s music isn't great either. I almost muted it.  DON'T!Because most of the music is AWESOME. It's really catchy and fits the mood of what is going on most of the time. Multiple battle themes! That alone makes it better than most JRPGs. The secret crypt slowdown music is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing/terrifying!+/- Sounds are typical 8 bit bloops and bleeps but all the sounds fit/feel impactful and satisfying (killing spiders especially.)"
76561198054978943,Recommended,415920,31247829,Posted: 19 April,all,Jugem,"If you like final fantasy tactics on pc play this, still leaves me wanting more though.-You control how you want to approach a battle, prebuffing, sniping them from afar, exploding them before engaging or dealing a huge amount of damage picking them off one by one.-You can interact with the environment, burning forests, freezing waters, building ladder vines.-You can combine stuff, you might need a guide though, or just rub things together till something pops up.-You can combine classes/jobs skillset.-You control four characters making four classes (usually the generic tank, dps or dpt, healer, nuker)but most importantly....-There's a very helpful underwater friend that shows you the true meaning of keeping your characters together and saving."
76561197979144429,Recommended,415920,21490054,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Wraith,"This game is Fun!Its a great throwback to Final Fantasy Tactics and other games of it's genre.  One of the most surprising and fun features I have found is the sheer amount of interaction with the game world you can do through the use of items.  From sinking a Piton (metal spike) into the top of a cliff and attaching a rope to climb down, to all of the fun crafting secrets to find, there is a lot of interesting interactions that you are left to find for yourself.  Among my favorite so far have been figuring out how to make a molotov cocktail from a rag, oilcan, and beer bottle, and finding a wierd fruit, using it on one of my characters (it put him to sleep) then combining it with a dart to make a sleeping dart.  This one man Dev really has surprised me with all the cool little secrets he's put into this game.  Just don't expect any hand holding, but finding these things out for yourself is half the fun when it's designed like this to make sense!  Great game!"
,Recommended,415920,21243780,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Rhiga,"TL:DR Apart from tedious inventory management and some minor technical issues, Voidspire Tactics is a real hidden gem of a game that offers an entertaining experience for tactical rpg enthusiasts and newcomers alike.I first caught a glimpse of this game searching for a decent Final Fantasy Tactics-like game because FFT is one of my top five games of all time. Now any game involving strategy/tactical combat always piques my interest and i must say when I first saw this game I was curious but a little skeptical about the graphics/presentation. After much consideration I decided to buy Voidspire Tactics on one of the generous Steam sales (i forget which).I am much satisfied with my purchase because even after the first 30 minutes or so this game introduced some mechanics and depth i haven't seen since FFT or Tactics Ogre, with a nicely implemented class system each with their own unique skill trees and passive abilities that can be kept throughout class changes. Even some of the puzzles, while not particularly challenging, in the game revolve around figuring out which combination of items/spells are needed to proceed into the next area which was a nice change of pace from the combat which I will talk about later. For instance, in one area I thought there was an impassible river towards one of the areas which I needed to advance to, but after finding out that Ice Magic can freeze the river I was finally able to cross, to my surpise that this game had that amount of hidden depth. All this depth translates over into the combat as well, with over a dozen different classes each with their own playstyle and nuances that can take some time researching what they are exceptional at. I love learning new things and Voidspire Tactics satisfies my need for discovering new class combinations, new spells, and even optimizing my parties' equipment.The combat in this game is turn-based but what I most enjoy is how each character, depending on their class, has their own speed timer which will determine the next time they act, much like in FFT where their speed values are added with each round and when they reach 100 it'll be that character's turn to act. This feature adds a lot tactical planning and a strategic layer in the game because certain spells and abilities have their own speed value which aren't casted until its speed reaches a certain point, and in that time an enemy may move out of the area of effect. With the amount of spells, abilities, and stats gained from gear and experience I will have to say that everything comes together quite well when you're fighting enemies in combat.The only glaring weaknesses I feel that the game could've done better is making a more manageable inventory system and a more intuitive UI; Finding out which of my four characters have certain containers with items not stacking when you pick them up is quite tedious and can ruin the fun for other less patient players. Mix that with certain items that you may need to use from a character's inventory (such as a pickaxe) will sometimes not be selected correctly when you click on it and the game registers single clicks as double clicks quite often which doesn't sound that bad at first but when you're forced to repeatedly use said item it can be quite frusterating. The last couple of nitpicks i'll make is the story is a little lacking and I wish there were more playable races other than the four at the start.When all is said and done I am really glad that I purchased this game. I've been putting some good hours in and it has been enjoyable seeing the different classes and abilities that each class has to offer, all while making progress towards a functional story that keeps me wanting to play. If only I didn't have to sort through all my parties inventory manually and making sure I don't accidently drop items that I need would that enjoyment be non-stop. Regardless, This game was a great find and has scratched the FFT itch that I've been waiting years for and I wish more people support more games from Rad Codex and I can't wait to see what future games they'll develop."
,Recommended,415920,22114969,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,glabados,"Such a great game! I went in just wanting some Final Fantasy Tactics style classes/leveling, but got so much more! It has all of the fun class/character building of Final Fantasy Tactics, plus the exploration of a CRPG like Icewind Dale. I just completed it and unlocked a few minor things, so there may be some replayability aside from playing different class combinations.The only cons are that the story is somewhat interesting but pretty lacking. I'm not sure if I missed something in the game, but I couldn't read half of the dialogue because it was in a different in-game language. There are also a few bugs that completely halted progress, but I was able to find guides from the developer on how to bypass them."
76561198000730082,Recommended,415920,18903016,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,[ABSO] Tempus,I loved this game.I pretty much didn't put it down from the moment I bought it.The developer did an awesome job. My only regret was that there wasn't more game to play.A 60 hour version of this would be paradise.
76561197980333161,Recommended,415920,32068523,Posted: 30 May,all,Brother PaciFist,"Hello, here is my review for Voidspire Tactics.Very nice little tactical rpg in the vain of final fantasy tactics. I enjoyed the time with the game.Nice grafics rpgmaker niveau with custom made tilesets, excellent music and workable sound effects. There is no voice acting.The difficulty is quite challenging on normal difficulty, but you can grind your way to victory. If you do not it is quite difficult. You get xp for killing monsters and invest them into classes and new skills on the fly, there is no level up, you only invest your earned xp into the skills, the prices get more expensive the higher the skill is. Gameplay is turnbased with initiative. The exploration is open world like, from the central area you can explore the spire as you like. The exploration part of the game is quite good, there are many secrets to be found in the enviroment. Many items in the enviroment can be manipulated or searched. You get lore entries for everything you find. The first contact with the world gave me a little oldschool ultima vipe, but it is not that deep. There are many tiers of items available, the power progression is more incremental.My first playthrough without grinding is like 15 hours. It can be shorter if you know what you are doing.Very nice game for fans of tactical Jrpgs or rpgs in general.Thanks for reading, have a nice day."
,Recommended,415920,34855603,Posted: 10 September,all,Insanitys Muse,"It's hard to find a game that scratches the same itch that Final Fantasy Tactics gave me so long ago, but this comes pretty close. The game is definitely remiscent of it, with spending skill points to learn active and passive skills, having a primary & secondary class to mix and match your skills, desperately trying to manuever just right so your healer doesn't get mauled down by that jerk void-monster-thing over there and the boss fights are all pretty fun. The music is surprisingly solid throughout and few tunes even stick in your head afterwards.The only real bug I encountered I made a post about and had a response within a day or two from the dev (even though it was a pretty minor bug in the sceme of things). The game has an interesting inclusion of using shovels, picks, and other tools to interact with things on the map, sometimes obviously and sometimes secretly. The only real negative I have is that inventory management is kind of annoying, but I say that as someone who hates inventory management in literally every game that has it (Diablo, Fallout, etc.) so grain of salt there.If you are out for a tactical RPG, this is a great one to give a shot. It might not look flashy but there's a lot of depth to uncover here."
,Recommended,415920,30083923,Posted: 21 February,all,Shofixti,"True hidden gem! Nice story, awesome crafting and superb soundtrack! Feels like FF:Tactics Advance, but its more focused on exploration and story. Skills are not only useful in combat - you can freeze rivers to cross it, chop villagers furniture (if you are bad af) or trees to get wood to build a bridge, grow vines, or hurl a fireball on furnace to use it to melt weapons into metal ore - its just a few random things you can do in the game. Really worth a shot, wotth every money. :)"
76561197967559164,Recommended,415920,18942245,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,vacantmind,"- Excellent game, shining force/final fantasy tactics style combat with legend of zelda style exploration and puzzles.- Deep talent tree and character customization.- Diverse and well balanced- Good music.- Animations and pixel art are smooth and stylish.The last indie game I was this impressed with was FTL, I think Voidspire is at least as good, maybe better."
76561198034600665,Recommended,415920,21218512,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Sabrebear,"A game in the vein of Final Fantasy Tactics and Tactics Ogre-- which is to say, a strategic RPG where characters can mix and match a variety of classes to make the best possible characters (or at least ones that can win the game). Guide your party of four adventurers to try and escape the strange situation you're forced into at the start.The game's combat and progression are easily its strongest suit-- positioning and facing are important, but on Normal mode there aren't many times that they're essential. Characters slowly unlock classes, abilities, and skills, and while a character can only use the abilities of two classes, they can use three passive abilities at a time from any class, leading to interesting combinations. Classes start generic-- Warrior, Scholar, and Scout are the opening options-- but become more diverse and complex with classes like the Enchanter, a hybrid caster/fighter class, and the Gatekeeper, a slow AOE caster that requires a lot of setup to unlock. Despite switching between classes, characters still feel more powerful over time through stronger items, more useful passive abilities, and permanent upgrades through skills. For example: one of the Scout passives allows the user to switch weapons for free, and crossbows typically require an action to reload. To avoid needing to reload, I had my Scout carry seven crossbows, switching them out after firing once for more damage.The story starts with an interesting premise, but it's quickly made into a ""find 4"" quest and an endgame. However, the lore surrounding the world, while reasonably well-hidden, is interesting to discover. Don't expect the complexities of War of the Lions. The UI also has a couple strange quirks, and the base keybindings are kind of awful. These become less of an issue over time, but they're worth noting. There are also a couple glitches here and there--- the one that I noticed the most was an issue where I couldn't load the game from the title screen until I quit and reopened the game.Overall a very solid game. There are a couple of quirks, but the mechanics are solid and the game is short enough not to wear out its welcome."
,Recommended,415920,29407732,Posted: 21 January,all,Solitaire,"Beat the game. The game is about 11 - 14 hours depending on how well you do. This a very indepth game, where trying things often yields results. I am pretty impressed with it. The music makes the game, and the combat is simple and dangerous. I hope to see more games like this!"
,Recommended,415920,18879133,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Adam,"Will update this later when I beat it, suffice to say it's rad."
,Recommended,415920,25605005,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,@Pavoneo_,"[Review will be updated as more playtime is accumulated]First Impressions:I've only barely scratched the surface of this game (~two hours at the time this was written), but I'm already pleasently surprised at the level of depth and customization the game offers. I'm a sucker for doing things 'my way', so the sheer number of class/skill/passive combinations is like a wet dream. I haven't really hit a point in the game where minmaxing has been required but keep in mind that I'm nowhere near halfway yet (I assume). Until that comes to pass, I'll keep using my subpar inefficient party composition.Another feature Voidspire offers is the ablity to use skills outside of combat to interact with the environment. I'm not sure how much this comes into play later in the game, but I can definitely see the potential. This is one of my pet features that I wish more games of the genre implemented so this may increase my love for the game more than it will for others.The two weak points I've encountered so far are the storyline and inventory system. It's highly likely I haven't progressed far enough for the story to really take hold, but as far as the beginning of the game is concerned there isn't very much motivation to progress outside of wanting to see what the game has to offer. Again, I haven't progressed very far yet so don't take this as a serious criticism for now. Secondly, the inventory system isn't my favorite. This is another empty complaint because I can't really suggest a better alternative - the caft that opening the inventory blocks your party in the center of the screen from view coupled with opening bags within a character's inventory blocking their main inventory screen from view makes it difficult for me to keep track of who has what and keep things organized. I do not know if there is a way to change the default inventory locations on your screen (I'm unaware if there is) so hopefully this isn't a permenant concern.Again, these are just my first impressions of the game. Right now I'm thoroughly in love with the game, and although it's not perfect I still highly recommend it if you're a friend of the genre. I know $15 is a bit high for some people to go out on a limb for an unknown game, but I'd definitely file Voidspire under 'Hidden Gem'.(Also, the dev is arguably one of the nicest fellas I've interacted with. This didn't influence my review of the game but is still worth mentioning)"
,Recommended,415920,32258317,Posted: 7 June,all,Ian,"I am so freaking glad I got this game.  Just when I thought it was too easy, or maybe repetetive... BAM.  Giant, unique encounter that is way too hard as a ""build up"" battle.I didn't realize the classes tell you how much xp per class you need to unlock them, so I built up random♥♥♥♥♥♥looking for them.  I think my guys are all messed up, level-wise, and may need to restart.  But, I don't want to.  I want to keep going.This game is great.  I do wish they integrated jumping into combat, as per Final Fantasy Tactics (I built a guy's jumping up to 4 for just this purpose), but it seems like all battles are on flat ground or use ladders.  Correct me if I'm wrong.Thanks for reading.  Buy this game (and probably the sequel, which I bought and haven't played yet)."
76561197993129051,Recommended,415920,32399051,Posted: 13 June,all,Jolex,"I spend several hours on voidspire tactics and my opinion is really affirmative and sliced on the concrete when i say that game is one of the greatest tactical rpg i ever play in my entire life.Even if i spent slingly more then 20 hours to complete the game. (it's pretty short for me) I enjoyed each second like a child playing final fantasy tactic. Yeah... both games are pretty similar for the combat mechanic.Voidspire tactics pro-Mysterious Storyline that you learn and appreciate as long you continue your adventure-Various combinason of classes that allow you to combine and make your perfect character-Very original races with unique story and lore-extremly rich world with a lot of way to alter it. Like casting a spell to make grow vine and reach secrets-A lot of secret!-Independant devlopper... Yeah i know its pointless for some people. For me it's not-being smart is important in this game because some problems can't be solved by your tactical or combat skills.Con...-The game is short for a rpg, but I think it's normal for independant devloppers.-Maybe it lack some variety for equipment and weapons. but in alvora tactics the problem is fixedAlso guys, don't forget about alvora tactics if you want to get some gold from a gigantic contry eater worm."
76561198000325629,Recommended,415920,29970727,Posted: 16 February,all,Echo,"An indie SRPG with similarities to Final Fantasy Tactics and a surprising amount of polish.Whilst the combat and character progression is similar to FFT the world itself is fairly open and reminds me of Divinity Original Sin, especially with regards to the out of combat effects of abilities and items. Fire will light campfires to rest at, axes will be able to chop down wooden objects, ice can freeze over bodies of water etc.The music also is pretty good and matches the different tilesets in theme nicely.It's a genre we don't see much of which is a shame, credits to the developer for their achievement."
,Recommended,415920,33406308,Posted: 9 July,all,hend,"Despite a great number of reviews praising this game already, I feel compelled to leave another glowing review.  Voidspire Tactics, especially having purchased it 50% off during this Summer Sale, has been one of my favorite games played in the last few years.The combat is indeed strategic and tactical.  You have access to view every statistic and class, both of your characters and enemy combatants, and the time/ATB is very transparent to ensure you know when an action will happen, is going to happen, and what area(s) of the field it will affect.Although the game gives a great deal of flexibility to your characters, it does not feel grindy or as though you are punished for choosing things poorly.  I played on the standard Veteran difficulty, and found the game to be challenging but fair throughout.  I almost wished at times that the game had more opportunities to earn xp, to beef up characters just a bit more or to experiment with classes, but the pace is set very nicely.The art is charming to me, and I think it has a ton of style.  Coupled with the music choices, many places have uniquely identifiable atmospheres that are memorable and fun to explore.  On that topic, there are quite a few things to explore, by virtue of having items that can expose and help you gain access to new pathways.  The exploration is put together very creatively, and allows you at some times to make shortcuts by dropping a rope, or forcing your way through a cave wall via pickaxe.The story is interesting and engaging, with quirky humor and dialogue choices that give you at least the illusion of inclusion into this world.  Using the Look feature gives some useful information, but also fills in a lot of backstory to add depth to the experience.  It took me about 13 hours to complete, though to be fair, I did reference the guide here on Steam periodically which may have shaved some time off.If I knew getting into this game how much play time I would get, and how much fun I would have, I would not have bothered waiting for the Steam sale to pick this game up.  I greatly look forward to trying the spiritual successor, Alvora Tactics!"
76561198049190241,Recommended,415920,30481283,Posted: 12 March,all,cuthalionxvi,"Wooo! Just beat this after ~40 hours of play. If I hadn't spent so much time searching for secrets, experimenting with stats and equipment, and mulling over which classes to do what with, I probably could've beaten it quite a bit faster, but it's certainly substantial enough to justify the moderate price tag.The music is fun, the class system is interesting, the art is endearing, the story is serviceable, and there are secrets to discover all over the place! One thing to note though: unlike most RPGs I've seen with ""Tactics"" in the name, you only get four characters. Period. So, you won't be outfitting a whole squadron of guys and maneuvering them around the battlefield. But, I did find it worked well enough with the four you get.Crafting (at least for equipment, which is all I really used it for) is simple and forgiving. You can recycle weapons/armor by melting them down and re-crafting them as something else. Even for the stuff that doesn't make sense, like spidest fangs, so you can experiment without feeling the need to save a unique material for the right moment. That said, managing your inventory is a bit of a drag -- lots of shuffling items around and opening and closing various bags within bags to figure out what all you've got on you.By the time I was about 3/4 through, I was getting excited to play again with new race unlocks and different class combos. Definitely going to have a little bug man in my next party..."
76561197976977876,Recommended,415920,29551051,Posted: 28 January,all,preshrunk_cyberpunk,"Like Final Fantasy Tactics?If yes, you will like Voidspire Tactics.11/10"
,Recommended,415920,18920326,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,🐧 crow,"This game is clearly a labor of love by someone who really likes strategy rpgs. The sprites are... not very good. The music is nice, but it loops too often. The mechanics are sometimes confusing and obscure, and it's not always clear what items you can use where to do what things. But it's a lot of fun, and you get to explore and dig through walls or fight a robot or whatever. I've got a faceless man who summons water so that he can electrocute things better, and a weird cat dude who punches people. A good team.Don't expect any deep engrossing story, though. There's a bunch of events at the beginning, but then it really just turns into a quest to explore as much as you can to find macguffins, which is fine by me but may not be what you're looking for. Still, I recommend it. 8/10"
76561198042628923,Recommended,415920,18885419,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Kloodge,"This is a really great game. Except for a few minor UI issues, it excels at just about everything it does. The combat is fun without being tedious, you can save anywhere, it's very forgiving by being knocked out instead of dying, etc.So far, you can almost always see the enemies before engaging and avoid combat until you are ready. There have been no random encounters.For me at least, it ""fixes"" everything that has always kept me from really enjoying tactical combat games. I bought this because of the RPG aspects, figuring I'd tolerate the combat, but the fighting is quite fun.I haven't gotten too deep in to crafting yet but it seems to be fairly extensive. You can use shears on pillows, blankets or shirts to make bandages, fill empty bottles from a keg for energy restoring beer, and several other things. You can also make weapons and armor.I do wish it had a few more slots for gear. There are only two slots for your hands, one for armor and two for accessories.Edit: I finished it in just under 21 hours. I did not go out of my way very much to unlock different classes or experiment with crafting.This was the most fun game I've played in a while, and possibly my favorite party and turn based game ever."
76561198006657884,Recommended,415920,18938698,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Chris,Absolutely loving this game. It has the combat depth and character progression of Final Fantasy tactics with the exploration and world interaction of Zelda.
,Recommended,415920,23264510,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,SpootyPoots,This game has far too few people playing it. 10/10
76561198050967942,Recommended,415920,28756502,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,shinrecords,"Ok just you know I got this game recommend by the RPG codex. If steam shows that I just played it a couple of min than it is lying. Check out my screenshots, there is a pic with my ingame safe files!http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=828233837That said lets start with a small review.Gameplay:- Needed more than 20 hours to finish the game- After finishing it, you will unlock new races, a new difficulty lvl and a retro graphics option- There are different weapons and armors you can find and forge- Some can only be found and other can only be  forged- Once equiped your char will look a little bit different (mostly in color)- THOUGH every new class gives your char a new look (not only in color)- You start with 3 chosable classes (I think)- While playing and fighting you can unlock new ones(I don´t know all criteria for unlocking. Actually I didn´t unlock four classe I think)- The Battles are turnbased and challenging (nearly every fight is satisfying and winable. I lost only one fight and for the other ones I had to really think to win them. This is the main reason why I like this game! )- little puzzles you must solve (not to hard but fun)- Dialogues are sparse- Stroyline is simple but still enjoyable (seriously you don´t play this game for the storyline, but it has a lot of potential that is the reason why I enjoyed it!)- The music and the soundFX seem like 8bit but I believe they are not completely so (Nevertheless it fits to the games art style and I liked it a lot whyle playing)- Not much lore in the game- There are some hidden secrets you can discover like hidden rooms and enemies (the loot is mostly satisfying)- Forging is simple. You only need a book, one ingredient (e.g. raw iron) and an ambosResume:I hope there will be a sequel with improved storyline(but don´t overdo or the chances are high it will be bad, especially if you have no prof. writer!) and more items. I wouldn´t care if the graphics wouldn´t improve(But improved animation and effects would be cool) and the battle system stays (maybe some more skills would be awesome?!)."
76561198005894566,Recommended,415920,25893356,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,BoxingBud,"I'm enjoying the game!It is a very turn based tactical rpg. You create your team of 4 characters (while there's no gender presey you can make them look masculine or feminine or non) and their race determines some advantages in battle. The game runs really smooth and is quite intuitive though at first I did have a challenge determining which objects in the environment I was able to interact with, but that was easily solved.If you can afford the game give it a shot! Also consider asking questions in the discussions if you have any concerns first!"
76561197975760250,Recommended,415920,26481557,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Jinn,This game is amazing and deserves much more attention.
,Recommended,415920,33917805,Posted: 30 July,all,Lauftaru,This game is really good.You should buy it if you like Turnbased SRPGs
76561198065510823,Recommended,415920,31614113,Posted: 7 May,all,Chmeva,"Good game, I would compare it to either FFTactics or Divinity: Original Sin in NES-style."
76561198121189334,Recommended,415920,32682582,Posted: 23 June,all,GhastlyBaker,"Fantastic game, a true hidden gem. Challenging, rewarding, and fun"
76561198118287525,Recommended,415920,25698003,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Sebastion,"Wonderful game, I hope there will be a second for I loved the classes and gameplay"
76561198029613508,Recommended,415920,26124655,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Corpison,Old school. Amazing. Need more games like this.
,Not Recommended,415920,32066415,Posted: 30 May,all,Yusu,"I hate to say this, but as someone who finds good and responsive controls extremely important, I cannot recommend this game.I can't really judge the game or it's systems that much, as I just couldn't bring myself to continue playing anymore.The main issue is the game's lack of proper keyboard controls - a lot of things have to be done by mouse (like dragging items onto characters to pick them up). This makes you spend way more time trying to loot than it should and makes the whole process really frustrating.The movement controls are not any better. Once again, the best way I can find to describe them is clunky.In fights you frequently give wrong commands (thankfully you can undo a lot of them), which wouldn't be a huge deal if it wasn't for all the other issues that make playing an absolute pain.The UI is also not all that great in my opinion and feels very handheld-esque - a lot bigger than it need to be, a lot of wasted space and not that much information given."
76561198079312334,Not Recommended,415920,28347552,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Autopeças Renault,"It seemed promising, but it was repetitive as ♥♥♥♥. Wish I knew that before wasting so much time."
76561197972054085,Recommended,415920,20852104,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Matrixryu,"Voidspire Tactics is an excellent indie game that I would recommend to anyone who is a fan of Final Fantasy Tactics style turn based tactical rpgs. It doesn't play exactly like FFT, rather I would say it is instead an improvement upon the formula. It breaks the gameplay free from restricted maps and instead lets you wander into battles by walking around in the game world. There are no random battles: you can see enemies in advance and try to buff your party and maneuver into an advantageous position before the battle starts. In addition, the number of options that the game gives you for interacting with the game world and the number of secrets you can uncover by exploring is simply mind boggling.This game is well worth the $15 it costs right now. A single playthrough can take around 20 hours depending on how much you explore and every minute of it was enjoyable."
,Recommended,415920,20245081,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Brackhar,"Overall I'm quite happy with this game.  It feels very much like a mix of Shining Force and Final Fantasy Tactics, what with the class mixing and impromptu battles on the same maps as overworld travel.  The game has an excellent number of rewarding secrets in it, many of which require some lateral thinking and a keen eye to reach.  I'd 100% recommend to any tactical battle fan."
76561198039846074,Recommended,415920,19931353,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Rochand Dividend,"I will write a review proper when I'm a little further along - but this game is excellent.  If you consider it even slightly and feel a calling for something tactical, simply purchase it now."
,Recommended,415920,25837183,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Wriggle Bugbutt,"Definitely one of the best RPGs I've played in a while. It mixes a SRPG combat system with a really nice open world that's reminiscent of JRPGs for a wonderful experience. In addition, it has a wealth of customization when it comes to picking and choosing how your party operates, as well as lore for pretty much anything you can examine, which is a really nice touch. Overall I look forward to putting many more hours into this game and haven't had a single dull moment yet."
76561198006661803,Recommended,415920,25553675,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Kamfrenchie,"A great tactical RPG with a squad of 4 characters. Great variety of classes and abilities allows you to customize your party the way you like. Teleport magma on ennemies, blind them at long range, have your character break his attacker's weapons... Lots of choice. Retro style graphim with a lot of charm, good music, varied environments, and quite a few optional  content and boss battles if you explore a bit"
,Recommended,415920,28176353,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Natulyre,"You've probably never heard of it but Voidspire tactics is a real gem.I've just finished my first playthrough which took me about ~22 hours (while the real time might be more accurately ~28 hours with all my defeats).This game struck all my coords: Multiple classes (3 starters, 15 unlockables); each with their own sets of active and passive skills (You can equip 2 classes at any time, and up to 3 passives from any class), multiple races, a nice and clean UI (slot based inventory system with a drop of ultima online-esque containers). There are hundreds of items to acquire from multiple sources (hidden treasures, crafting, harvestables, unique drops, shops) and a journal that encourage you to ""scan"" everything (Bestiary, lore, game info) like in metroid prime.So many skill/elemental interactions to discover; you can splash enemies with water and then electrocute them, chill wet enemies, spread fire through wooden objects or oil, build walls out of bone...The game has a ""linear"" path for you, as in you'll always start at A and finish at Z, but anything in-between is completely open-ended and focuses on self-exploration. There's no level-scaling so each zones will represents its own danger level. If you have a hard time dealing with a zone you can always come back to it later. This game has a LOT of hidden secrets and rewards exploration so keep your eyes peeled. There's plenty of optional backtracking that can be accomplished to obtain certain items. I just love the metroidvania-esque vibes I'm getting from this.If you do get this time, I must recommend you to set both difficulty options to their levels. It really changed the game around for me, giving me a deep strategical experience where one wrong move would literally result in my party's defeat, but where every victory was well earned and could be celebrated.I know I could keep on describing and praising this game but I'm off to my 2nd playthrough... If this is your type of game, stop hesitating and give it a try. You really won't regret it."
76561197982893207,Recommended,415920,29148854,Posted: 9 January,all,Godwin,"Incredibly good 'hidden gem' that deserves to be discovered by many more.Really enjoying the exploration rewards, the many different builds you can create for your characters and swap between on the fly, the combat, the story. Really nice :)"
76561198138460237,Recommended,415920,31843803,Posted: 19 May,all,BuRg3rMe1sTeR,"Great game! Cool character development, tough fights, and a real WTF plot. Would buy again, and will certainly check out the publisher's other work!"
,Recommended,415920,34097166,Posted: 7 August,all,One Winged Thanatos,"This is an Amazing grid based tactical game, great open exploration on a handcrafted world with towns and simple but serviceable lore, lots of clases and really interesting skills with some interesing interactions like summoning water and then electrocuting it or helping a tree grow and then setting it on fire just to get some light, among others, its unbelievably fun and I cannot recommend it enough as long as you dont mind its awful inventory system."
