user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198056406364,Not Recommended,416210,33710414,Posted: 21 July,all,Fuz,"More a work of art than a video game, Blockhood quickly loses its charm.You'd imagine the gameplay to be based upon ""reaching ballance"", you know, carefully managing growth, production & pollution. That's how the store page portrays the game.But the game simply doesen't work like that,there are no negative effects for excessive production or pollution!Blocks only deacy when their inputs run out. This seems logical, but this leads to situations where waste products (like sewage, for example) are either being over or under consumed.Consume too much, and a sewage-processing block decays (once sewage hits 0).Now you are over producing sewage,and the only way to fix this is by hitting the exact ratio of sewage-producers to sewage-consumers.Or..Don't care... because THERE ARE NO CONSEQUENCES TO NOT PROCESSING SEWAGE!!!Aside from that, the gameplay (which boils down to managing an excel spreadsheet) isn't very fufilling.The game is also plagued by odd bugs & oversights.For example, you can't change block limits in the ""world"" mode, in which you can build hoods next to eachother.(World mode is supposed to have a resoruce exchange system, which might make it interesting, but it hasn't been implemented properly)If you want an athesticly-pleasing, resource-based citybuilder, go play a game like Anno 2070 (Designed by Game designers, not artists!)."
76561198111308099,Not Recommended,416210,35056044,Posted: 18 September,all,Engineer Weierstrass,"Don't waste your money. Devs decided to ""finish"" this game totally unbalanced and actually not finished at all. The game was promising. But there is nothing to do as it's all about the starting point"
,Recommended,416210,23515634,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,951Jimbo,"Blockhood is a unique, challenging, innovative, and slightly boring game.  Sim builders who want a challenge will enjoy.  Alpha bugs are expected and found.I used to play Simtower for hours while my family watched the Mormon church's “General Conference” on TV semi-annually.  “I’m just taking notes over here to stay focused!”  I still can’t fathom that they believed me.  This isn’t Simtower; I had hoped it was.Blockhood is a resource management game.  Most sims focus on a couple of resources.  Perhaps water, power, maybe traffic, tourism.  But ultimately, the only resource that matters is money because it can fix any other problem.  Blockhood does away with that.  Water and power and probably the most important, but money isn’t any more valuable than Fish or waste water.  It’s all about balancing resources and using what you have.  This is a very “green” game without pushing anything at you.Pros:Unique gameplayGood challengesFunCons (and Alpha suggestions):Building placement is clumsy.  Buildings are often placed accidentally on the floor above.The initial splash (whiteout) screen is far too long and keeps me pounding my mouse to get in gameThe music is so boring, I use it to torture myself for being badThe advanced building sub-menu should be removedNot enough animations.  I want toseethings happening.  Buildings should move, people should run.  I know this is already present, but I want more of a visual indication when things are working, when life if happening.Dual monitor users with monitor 2 as their primary display will be discouraged to learn the game will only run on monitor 1.  The game ignores windows settings and has no option of it’s own.  I have to run the game windowed as a fix."
76561198049350749,Not Recommended,416210,31825389,Posted: 18 May,all,Skirlasvoud,"For a 3 dimensional city builder; the game is remarkably devoid of depth. It's very pretty, but as a simulation or a strategy game, Block'hood falls flat where it matters.I love city builders. Creating a carefully balanced, tightly operating system of checks and balances that eventually bloom into a series of new gameplay mechanics and challenges, is a joy, whether it be Anno, Simtower, or Simcity/Skylines. What Block'hood brings to the genre, is an ingenious sense of 3D verticality. Both Simcity and Simtower were fine games, but in both you were stuck between either the directions of a compass, or to the left side / right side dichotomy of of a vertical slice of your ascending tower. Let's face it; both games pinned you down upon a flat sheet.Not so with Block'hood. All the towers you see in the storefront pictures, have an inner life. Tell the game to cut your view down onto a specific floor, and you will be able to see and work upon the rooms, units and blocks that lay INSIDE of your building, which are all connected by corridors, steps and elevators.In theory, Block'hood gives you the posibility to construct a truly teeming, cleverly designed complex of overlapping parts like nothing else in the genre can. In practice however, I cannot recommend Block'hood to anyone who shares my love of city building simulation. The tepid mechanics behind the game make it go stale far too rapidly.Nearly all other City Builder games, have a carefully balanced ruleset that give them their solid framework for you to drape your creativity across:- Make of your skyscraper what you want in Simtower... but your elevator system had better be up to snuff to keep tenants happy as you go up.- Make of your Metropolis what you want in Simcity/Skylines... but balance your budget with your zoning demand and transportation system to get dense cities with highrises.- Find the perfect island to turn into a floating oasis of stone or steel in Anno... but make sure the outlying systems can supply the goods for your buildings to evolve.In there lies the challenge of these games: Several overlapping, interconnected systems that each have requirements and drawbacks that need to be sorted into a smooth whole. All of them working together and rewarding you with something new, makes success such a satisfying experience. You know what's difficult about the simulation, strive to overcome it and then proudly exemplify the solution in your creation. You can pat yourself on the shoulder if you manage to build it the way you envisioned it, despite the odds, with just that touch of your own stubborn, creative interpretation of the formula.In Block'Hood, make the neighbourhood you want... ... and that's it. Sure, there are a handful of needs and requirements, but they never seem to interact in a way that evolves the game beyond its imidiate looks. There are so many different resources and buildings that the game might seem complicated, and block'hood sure is pretty, but this is no substitute for satisfying depth. In fact, the interactions between the individual buildings and blocks is so badly tuned that it often felt to me that it hardly mattered what I was doing. Other than a downpour of numbers, there is nothing to tie the game together.For example, I could try to set up a sprawling garment industry to make money, by either carefully laying down some pastures for wooly sheep and then the wheat for their fodder, or by growing some cotton fields. However, I could also simply turn the far more easily acquired and ubiquitous waste of any of my other buildings into recycled materials, from which to derive the same fabrics. Even better, community centers can conjur up recycled materials from thin air apparently, which makes obtaining fabric even easier and completely disregards the need for waste, cotton, sheep, or any other clearly relevant input.And why even create a garment industry to make money, or any other of the easily dismissable production chains, when you can slap down a thousand newspaper stands that have no such complicated sequences and can make money for almost no effort?And in the end? Why even make money? Nothing in the game costs anything, everything is unlocked from the very start in sandbox, and the only goal is to maintain what you've already build with a certain number of basic resources. This could be a clever take on the genre, but it does lead upon the question what the goal of the game is. Not so cleverly, there is no real answer.There are too many resources - really just numbers - that can be conjured up using only 40% the game's content and invalidating the rest. None of the buildings really stand out as being an achievement to obtain, or maintain. None of the hard won products of the more complex production lines are ever truly necessary to evolve the game in any way, beyond these buildings just sitting there, looking pretty and adding their own floating numbers to your quickly bloating pools. Your neighbourhood or citizens won't ever complain or improve, or react in any tangible way to your attempts to master Block'hood's systems and make the best of its seemingly complex torrent of statistics. Even negative events, evoked by having too many negative resources, can simply be ignored, as all they do is give you a steady deduction to some other resource, which also has a building somewhere that can produce it for free.It becomes apparent all too quickly that Block'hood is nothing but a balance of numbers rubbing up against each other, without doing anything to change how the game works. Garments don't matter, and neither does entertainment, tourism, plastics or money. Not even the sheep do - especially the sheep - whom are redundant and an after thought, which is a real shame.The problem is perhaps best embodied by the ""agents"", whom are the pixelated people spawned by specific buildings, and who then proceed to walk around your creation. They have moods and desires, but above all; no real impact. They're in the game almost as an illusion of accomplishment and to make you think that they're a goal somehow. In truth, they're so throw away you can literally delete and forget about them by pulling the floor out from under them without penalty.For all my efforts, I never really felt rewarded by Block'hood, or challenged. The system behind the game, is too shallow for it. Its disperate elements are simply too disjointed and detached from each other to come together and connect in a way that goes anywhere. There is no progress, and for all intents and purposes, it really is just like being ten years old again: Playing with colorful blocks, but with the added detriment of obtuse mathematics.These problems are less profound in challenge and in storymode, since your choice of buildings here is limited. This presents you with problems that require a specific build order and a solution to be found, which turns Block'hood into a minor puzzle game which can be rather fun. However, these challenges constitute too little of the game to validate it's city building tag, the price, or the dev's efforts into this beautiful product. Block'hood feels like a lot of wasted potential.In the true meat of the game - sandbox - these problems cripple the game to such a degree that I cannot recommend Block'hood as a competent city builder or simulation. At the end of a good solid Anno, Skylines and Simtower session, I can lean back, peek under the hood of my gleeming metropolis and feel content that it was my mastery of the game that allowed me to succeed in establishing it despite the game's toughness. In Block'hood, no such thing exists.The game can be gorgeous. There's no doubt about that. If you're simply looking for an aesthetically pleasing puzzle game with no deeper goals, or if you are capable of creating your own fun with maths and legos, I'd recommend it. Personally, I really wish Block'hood was a more accomplished City Builder."
,Not Recommended,416210,31753321,Posted: 14 May,all,Coco Peru,"The game has potential, yes, but at the moment it just feels extremely tedious. I love games having a lot of things to do and play with, but it just feels overwhelming when you look at it all. The UI is a bit clunky, would like to see that improved in the future. Also the whole vertical building aspect is annoying to work with. Its a great concept that you don't see in many games, but it's just a mess. I always felt I either didn't know where something was built or why it wouldn't build in a certain location. The story mission was cute, couldn't finish it though. I also enjoyed the art style and music, very well done.For simpler terms,PROS:Art StyleConceptMusicCONS:UIClunky building systemA bit tediousThe tediousness of the game causes it to become boringOverall, I personally can't reccomend the game. If the things I mentioned were improved upon I would gladly reccomend the game, but seeing as though the game has reached its final as of May 11th it most likely wont be improved. I'd say make your own decision and test out the game, see how you feel about it."
76561198113198719,Not Recommended,416210,23315618,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Invader-Roxas,"Despite giving this game a negative rating--I'd like to start off with the positive aspects of the game first and foremost. This review will be a bit lengthy in itself, so I'll break down each aspect by part.VISUALS (+)This game, even if you don't consider it early access, is gorgeous. From the main menu, to the actual gameplay--absolutely beautiful. For those of you looking for a game that is not only fun to play, but has a grand theme to the visuals, this one is for you. In a way, it takes the cake for any ""block"" related aesthetic theme, as everything is just so smooth (sorry MineCraft). Every block can go and fit in just about every combination you can think of, give or take the limits in preventing decay and the like. So in this realm, well done.GAMEPLAY (+)One of the most important aspects in a game is if it actually lives up to its hipe, and is actually fun to play. I can say that, for the mostpart, Block'hood is a blast. It's a great challenge at some points, and a relaxing experience at others. Overall, everything will run smoothly and nothing is ""too difficult"". This would definitely be a game you could use to pass the time, if otherwise not splurge onto if you're into creating multiple save-files. I'd have to rank Sandbox mode as being the best mode to play on, as I'm not one for challenges in the first place--no matter how interesting. Being able to create your own world without certain tasks needing to be fulfilled is a very enjoyable experience. I'm sure the challenges can be fun too, if you are into that sort of thing.CONTROLS, OPTIONS, & SETUP (+)I wouldn't say that the game is the hardest to control, as most things are pretty straightforward. There's a nice setup of controls on the bottom of your screen--in a place that doesn't subtract from viewing your 'hood. There are also explanations of every action or different viewing standpoint in a basic sense, which is a good addition. The menu has a simplistic setting that does not make it difficult to traverse through, and there are options you are able to control from said menu. Saving is also a synch, and literally all it takes is a simple click to a save slot to finish up.Now that all of the positive is out of the way--here's my explanation for why I'm giving this game a negative review. Keep in mind, that if there was a 'neutral' option, I would have chosen it. However, because of the following reasons, I'm going to have to side with negative.BUGS & GLITCHES (-)Being an early access game, you can expect to find these. The worst I've heard of would be the game crashing--but I have yet to experience this. The worst would have to be the fact that when I open up a game file, I have to do so twice since the first time it loads the file appears corrupted and everything is switched around. Not the worst thing in the world, but a bit annoying since this tacks on another 3 minutes of waiting for my game to load. In short--expect bugs as long as the game remains in early access. Hopefully this will not carry over to its full release.SPEED & SETUP (-)I wanted to put setup & speed along with each other unlike I did previously because the problems in these areas coexist. You would expect the game to slow with the more blocks you add, but I have yet to witness this problem (may be because my laptop is up to date with every software you can think of, but I digress). Instead, the loading wait times are a bit of a bore. I can understand if its a large sandbox file--but a simple tutorial? Combined with the glitch I spoke of in the past paragraph, it can take a good 3-6 minutes to load my file on some days. In terms of setup--I'd like to specifically talk about the Main Menu, or at least the opening to the game. The credits/logos, for lack of a better term, take a good 2 minutes to run through, which can be a bit annoying. On the first run-through, I totally get it. But there should be a way to click past these every time afterwards, especially when it takes a while for the main menu to ""boot up"", for lack of a better term. All in all, it takes me 5-8 minutes to load up my save file thanks to these setbacks.OVERALL GAMEPLAY (-)Here is where I want to talk about the big falts--from controls, limits, etc. First off the plate; block limits. 700 seems pretty high up there, but in all honesty, its far from it. My save file contains the largest map, and I planned on creating a large, 15 story utopia of a 'hood. However, that's far from even possible. Try 5 story on the highest point in my map, and I'm unable to place down another block. I can understand if this is to prevent the game from moving slowly--but there should at least be the option to allow for far more blocks than 700. Now, this could just be an early access feature, but still--It's pathetic. This limit is ultimately what took away from what was originally an enjoyable experience, and I can't say that I will play much more of Block'hood unless this changes.Continuing onward--the controls in terms of viewing your 'hood, while simple in mindset, are not executed well in this game. You can rotate from the 4 different perspective points, zoom in & out, slightly shifting the viewpoint, and up and down. No side to side, no 'drag the screen'--nothing like that. This might sound nit-picky, and in a way it is, but there are times where placing some blocks can be very difficult without a viewing system that flows. Changing how many levels of your 'hood you see can help, but there really isn't an excuse of adding an unbound viewing system.Finally, another aspect of the game that I've seen many complain about is locating blocks than give or take a certain input/output. Some blocks do 1-2, or even 3-4, and some have none of either output or input! But when you're in a dire situation of needing a specific resource, and your scrolling through block after block to find the right one--now that's frustrating. Narrowing down the decay source from certain blocks isn't as difficult as this when using the viewing feature, but I wouldn't mind some sort of guide to tell you what blocks give/take which items.TUTORIALS & CHALLENGES (-)Now, I've already said I'm not a challenge sort of person, but I've got to give some sort of two cents in this area. I'll be honest; the challenges are basically a continuation of the tutorials. I know that there are plans in the motion to create more challenges, but the ones already in the game aren't too difficult if you understand the game. Even so, the wait-time to complete some challenges is pitiful. There should be a fastforward option, at least in the challege areas, to speed things along, as otherwise these challenges are quite dull--even if you love challenges in the first place. Since this might change eventually, I wouldn't worry too much on this front, but it is something to note for the time being.As for tutorials, the system is abit...odd?The tutorials are helpful and simple, don't get me wrong, but the fact that some are broken up into tiny segemnts is a bit...strange. Waiting for them to load on and off after it only takes you a minute at the most to complete a tutorial is a bit boring to say the least. It wouldn't hurt just to mix the tutorials into 4 main parts, instead of leaving 10+ of them.In conclusion--the game is great for a start, but things like block limits really turned me off to the experience. If these get removed, you can bet that I'll be able to knock on another 7.6hrs, but until then, it's going back on my shelf. I recommend waiting on the full release to spend your $10, unless these aspects don't bother you."
,Not Recommended,416210,32869050,Posted: 27 June,all,killerog / damaster_k,"It's a nice and funny game, but sadly many of the issues with the interface that were already there in alpha have never been fixed.- Hard to place blocks, especially roads on higher levels- Some blocks can't be placed above others and the interface doesn't tell you why (while others can sometimes be placed there)- Mouse only navigation is not working very well, takes a lot of moving back and forward with my hand.- Hard to find blocks you need (blocks with optional input are never highlighted)- Underwhelming story mode, although it has fun conversations.- Unlocking of animals isn't always working as stated in the database- Hard to determine how many buildings of each you need or a chainGood parts- Nice graphics- Fun concept of building upwards- Challenges are pretty good (except the ones where the time limit is more an issue because of the interface and not knowing which blocks you're going to get then the actual mission)"
,Recommended,416210,23844181,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,MxDem,"I've only played this game for 8 hours, and I say only because I've barely scratched the surface. Also, this game needs A TON of updates and yet here I am, giving it a positive rating, which in itself should be an indicator about how much I enjoy it.Think of this as a combination between Simcity, Minecraft and Mountain.There are two ways to play this, there are Challenges and a Sandbox mode (Apparently mods are working on a Campaign mode). I've completed about half of the challenges and it's been a fun ride so far. Create more than 200 beer but keep your Wheat under 50, oh yeah, don't care about waste because... Why would I?Sandbox is, well whatever you want it to be. A metropolis, a skyscraper, a town? Whatever you want. Farms, solar panels and crops? Sure. Oil, generators and lots of consumers? Why not.That's just my take on what could possibly at the minimum describe this game. But here are some Pros and Cons in case you like lists:PROS- Minimalistic yet beautiful design.- Great relaxing music- Artistic UI- Fun challenges- TONS of different blocks with different inputs and outputs- Helpful View modes. Accessibility, decay, production, etc.CONS:(Fixed) - Camera is very limited(Fixed) - The tutorial is not the best(Fixed) - Could use better blocks categories. Maybe a filter to find exactly what you're looking for instead of reading every description trying to get it(Fixed) - Various types of waste or sickness don't really matter in Sandbox, no consequences(Fixed) - PLEASE add speed controls. I understand there's no pause while being able to edit the map, although that wouldn't be so bad. But it NEEDS a x2, x4 and even x8 speed control. I once had to  wait 25 minutes to complete a challenge because my production rate was pretty slow. It does encourage you to try to get more production going, expanding your creation, but having the option would be nice.Keep in  mind this game is still in early access and I know the development team is working on some of these issues. So please read this with a ""That's the way it is RIGHT NOW"" mentality and not ""This is what it will be""Great game, love it. 9/10"
,Recommended,416210,22772321,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,teekazeek,"A very clever puzzle, neighborhood building game that gets you thinking about sustainability and flow of materials.  It's all about balance and planning - just like any effective community planning.Overview:Unlike many strategy games of this genre (e.g. Sim City) where money is a primary focus, in Block'hood the ""money"" is a variety of materials: water, electricity, fresh air, labor, consumer, fish, organic waste, inorganic waste, sickness, etc. (there is a huge list of these materials - including money itself).  Every building you create has an inflow requirement (e.g. a small apartment needs water, electricity, and fresh air) and an outflow (it produces organic waste, grey water, labor, and consumers).  Each building has a unique list like this.  As you develop your neighborhood you find yourself juggling these resources to various objectives.  If you don't meet your building's needs with the correct balance of material flows, your building will deteriorate and require replacing.The game has a Sandbox mode wherein you can attempt to create a neighborhood of whatever size you desire (be careful as the more you add the more you must juggle).  Or you can play in the challenge mode where you must meet certain game objectives (e.g. collect 500 beer without accumulating more than 100 wheat).The Good:As I said before, it's a clever game.  If you enjoy puzzle and Sim games you'll probably like this one.  If you're interested in learning more about sustainability this is also a neat way to learn more.  I have had a lot of fun with both the challenge and the sandbox mode.  I have not experienced any technical problems with the game so far.The Bad:It's still Early Access and therefore the challenges are a little limited.  The ones available are almost more like an extended tutorial.  I'd like to see these expanded in the near future (I'm sure that's on the way).Sometimes the game is a little slow. I would like the option to accelerate the game clock (like many strategy games have).  I understand not having a pause option, as it's part of the material flow strategy but once a neighborhood is setup I'd like to be able to let it run at 10x speed to meet an objective.Conclusion:A fun title absolutely worth $10 if you are interested in the Sim/Strategy/Puzzle genre."
,Not Recommended,416210,31753856,Posted: 14 May,all,Legitster,"Really wanted to like this game, but ended up giving up halfway through the campaign. It's all micromanagement without the fun. The UI is some of the worst I have ever used. Important information is buried deep in menus, navigated by impossibly small buttons."
76561198106523549,Recommended,416210,22622001,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,jgiblin17,"Really intelligent game, I saw it at Pax East and knew  had to give it a shot. I really enjoyed seeing that there was so much more to tis game trying to build a sustanible system. The atmoshpere is really nice. This game is really comfrotable and relaxing to play. It was definitely well thought out, as the systems are suprisingly complex. Really fun game I would recommend and come back too."
,Not Recommended,416210,21870350,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,uraymeiviar,"a bit boring, one you built there is nothing to see other than your static building and production stats, this game should be more interactive and immersive like activity of people inside building, production animation, water should be flowing, tree should be moving if theres wind, sandbox should reward player with something challenging to achieve"
76561198001466565,Not Recommended,416210,33117951,Posted: 1 July,all,kokoshi,"Glitchy, requires quick micromanagement decisions before it all collapses like a house of cards, despite it being a game about relaxing and finding the synergy of it all. Storymode has no save functions so if the game crashes midway through a tough rescue, you have to start over again, no matter how much effort you put into it."
,Recommended,416210,26504234,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Chemical Taint,"Lot's of fun with great potential but very buggy in early access builds - even the main menu is buggy. I haven't enjoyed a building game as much as this one since Sim City 2000. Unfortunately the useful games updates are too infrequent and the devs roll out more unnecessary game features than they do bug fixes, balancing, or control improvements. Still recommended but I wont be playing it any further until an official build is released (if that ever happens)."
76561198047458169,Recommended,416210,28153539,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Dan 29011,"This game is suprisngly fun.  I had planned on playing maybe an hour and then diving back into skyrim for some murder.6 hours later I run into a couple flaws and if it hadn't been for them Id have probably lost all track of time.Problem #1: in the free play mode there is a limit to the number of blocks that can be placed.I assume this is because it is early access and hope it will be lifted or user set in the full release.Problem #2: it stopped listing all the resources I was amassing.  Once the list got to a certain length it dropped cotton, coffee, and several other items.  Most likely related to the devs not thinking someone like me would spend hours trying to build the ""perfect"" Mega-Block.Dredd would have been impressed with the first floor and a half 20x20, I was hopinh to go all the way to the 20th row on top.Anyhow TLDR: Great game, not limitless creative freedom."
,Recommended,416210,21961346,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Treeaboo,"I bought this today. It was tricky to get a grasp on the mechanical systems even with the tutorial but once I had an understanding I liked it a lot. It's about as difficult and deep as you allow it to be, and allows a lot of very interesting aspects of freedom and flexiblity in numerous regards that I've not seen in other games.It's hard to really define what it is. It's like a city builder.. But different. And I think that unique take is its charm at the very least. Would reccomend if someone likes that kind of genre."
,Not Recommended,416210,22829997,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,H3X,"Gripes:I. The UI neglects in helping you figure out what is causing decay. ""Decay"" is an ambient destruction of usable blocks into unusable blocks that you must replace (as far as I've deduced). Optionally, you can play with decay off, which presents a much nicer free building experience, but when playing with it off from the start (as the default settings are configured), you have to build fast otherwise the decay sets in, which is the opposite effect that you would want when taking time to beautifully place down all your buildings.II. Building large projects is clunky, I was filling in an ocean and beach in a max size map which took some 5 minutes, why is there no fill tool or mass placement option? Holding your build button down for every tile when you're placing almost 100 of them or more is just a waste.III. Resources barely do anything; the only thing that matters is making sure everything is green in the production screen. The game gives you arbitrary goals to work forwards to, but the only real goal I've been able to come up with is build something without decay turned on then figure out what you need to make all the numbers green and build around that.IV. Deliberate lies. In some of the levels you're allowed to build tiles which you cannot support in that level. In the second challenge mode for example (or around the early ones, can't recall precisely which), you have the option of building a cafe, which consumes bread. What produces bread? The UI isn't going to help you (why no option to search for ""produces x resource"" or ""takes in x and produces y""?) so once you finish scrolling through all the build options you come to the realization that you have literally nothing to produce bread. What actually produces bread is a bakery but you won't learn that until you have access to it.V. Moving the view port is annoying, up and down but not left and right? I'm an avid city sim player and I'm willing to learn a few shortcut keys to move the screen and rotate, just copy an existing scheme like the Sims.VI. Once my GUI disappeared and there was no option to restore it. I tried pressing all the F keys and most keyboard keys but I had to destroy what I was working on.VII. There's icons on the inspect mode such as a cog wheel that the game neglects to tell you what they're used for.VIII. So many tiles with no clear indication of how they interact visually upon first inspection. OK, so from doing the tutorial you will have an idea of what feeds into what, but the game isn't going to bother telling you this or help you out. Are you missing a resource you need? What needs it? Where can I get it? All questions you will be asking and not getting answers to until you spend about half an hour watching chains of buildings decay and you replace them over and over until you finally figure out how many X you need to support 1 Y building.IX. I had nearly 900 greywater from apartments in the third challenge level that had no relevancy, despite tooltips claiming that it would have implications. What crazy amount can my simulation tolerate before something bad happens? Can't I at least get a warning? In said level I didn't even have access to buildings to process the greywater (Which is like waste water produced from certain buildings notably apartments).A short description of what the rest of the game entails:Keep the numbers green and produce enough to stop decay while processing away waste. You can build some advanced buildings that require a more complex support system but you don't really have to. Once you get the numbers green in challenge modes you can just go watch Youtube or something while you wait as there is no speed up simulation button. There's also buildings which synergize together and others which have anti synergy, but again this barely matters.All in all I'm bored after my time spent playing, there's also some inhabitants that you can work towards unlocking and watch meander around your simulation, but they don't have any specific differences or benefits that I've noticed."
76561198121752988,Not Recommended,416210,32729219,Posted: 24 June,all,morriskend,"This game was released with many bugs some of which will force you to re-start.   Has a lot of potential but, I can't recommend in it's current state."
76561198084086635,Recommended,416210,22851466,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,WaldoFitzGerald,"Bought this game on a whim. Just wanted to kill an hour or so and it seemed pretty casual. Now almost two days of play time later:1. This is a well executed and thought out game.2. Music is relaxing. (Said my wife as she fell asleep to it while I played)3. Tutorial and challenges well written, they made me think and problem solve but without being too hard.4. Short time to learn, much longer to master.5. Well worth my money spent.6. Would recommend highly.7. I can see myself playing this game alot,Thank you block'hood for secretly absorbing two days of my time. I wont even ask for it back."
76561198002856317,Not Recommended,416210,25175527,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Cenotaph,"At this moment I can't recommend it. It feels too much like a spread sheet. This game needs to come alive, more mechanics need to be fleshed out. What are the consequences of certain over-production either negative or positive needs to be fleshed out more. The next thing is game modes, challenges are fine but come down to build stuff to get to X level of production. This needs to be expanded to more interested game modes that are a bit more involved than just hitting a certain number in your output window (also input). Give it more feeling and make it come alive. At the moment it's not worth getting just yet.The potential is there definitely and that's why i got in early access, but the enjoyment needs to be added still in my opinion."
76561197977146636,Recommended,416210,31756579,Posted: 14 May,all,NemesisZidar,"Short-Description:A good game about balancing income and outcome of resources.These resources are consumed or produced by each block, even those that seem to be not that important in other games.For example Grass is not simply grass to look nice, but also needs water but at the same time produces fresh air and space to relax.This applies to every block in the game, of which there are quite many.What i miss are alternative types of the same block, for cosmetic reasons. Like having a grass tile that has some snow on it, or a lightpoleplaza with different types of floor (concrete, grass, plaza, runway).Thats not a big problem, but would give more freedom in really creating a Block'hood you like.Positive Aspects:The music is awesome, as far as i know piano tracks only. You can hear examples in the trailers above.The gameplay and its complexity is really good and sets the game somewhere between a puzzle game and a build-up management simulation. What i like most about it, is that you can create what you like.You want to produce a negative ecosystem with powerplants, oildrills and generators, you are free to do that. You want a natural habitat with as few humans possible, or maybe even only wildlife, you can do that.Or a mix of all of that or even do several themed block'hoods (i for example created a block which dealt with workforce, oilproduction and energyproduction, aswell as fishing, all at a beach. In another i built a big hotel with a park and the nessecary stuff to keep it running.).I would say, its somewhat like the game Reus.Very much so, only that you have more freedom and dont need research to get things running.It also throws a nice mode into the mix that is literally SimCity 4.You can play Sandbox mode and create a world with different attributes, like how much water, how deep water, have preset biomes (want more tundra-, or desert- or woodtiles?). Then you can select an area and set it as a ""hood"".You can make it smaller or bigger.Then you can choose that created ""sector"" and start building your blocks there.Each sector is connected to the worldmap and therefor to all the other sectors you will create and play on.You can then import and export resources from each sector (hood).Which is literally the exact same thing SimCity 4 presented and which i liked most about the game.With that mode, Block'hood receives a relly good and ""unique"" gamemode that adds to the scale of the game and give even more freedom to not only create a ""Hood"" in one level and be done with it, but create a whole worldmap with different connected levels.Neutral Aspects:Graphically its ok, textures and models are blank colours, but it looks good that way and not somewhat weird or even cheap. More like a good looking,w ell resoluted game of lego.What i miss a bit though, is a meta game feature connecting all of that and giving the player a purpose to why he/she is doing all of this or even would try and get specific resources.The polishing of the game is a weird topic though.(Kind of) Negative Aspects:On one hand it feels very polished, the menu is nicely done, you can pick from several languages, it has tutorial mode, story mode, sandbox and challenge mode, the options are there and overall it looks and feels ""high quality"".The gameplay sometimes feels not up to par with the presentation though.Not because its bad, but because there are some questions that come up while playing, mostly UI related. Which lets it look inconsistent in quality.For example, as each block has an input and an output of resources, it is nessecary to find blocks related to each other in the build panel.The sheer amount of blocks available to the player make this a mess and given that many blocks look somewhat similar its a challenge to find what you need.To make it clearer, the following situation:I had the block ""Amphitheatre"" available to place.But one resource that serves as input are ""artists"".Now i have to find a building/block that is producing artists, so i can generate them to serve the amphitheatre.To get some help, you can click on the resource, in a resource panel which shows you the actual total income and outcome of each resource, so the game highlights blocks on the buildpanel that either produce or consume the clicked resource.Problem A: it doesnt filter them so you still have to go through each individual window and look close for the symbols that indicate their relationand problem B: this is only possible for a resource that is already in use.Meaning, when i am currently not producing any artists, i cant click this resource (artists) to highlight all blocktypes that are related to this resource.Which means, i have to first go through the dozens of blocktypes to find one that is related to artists, instead of giving me just the resourcepanel with all resources listed and have me filtering the buildingpanel by resources whenever i want.Thats one example where the game somehow starts doing something useful (highlighting the buildings related to the resource), but stops at really utilizing this feature properly and with enough thought.Playing the game for an hour will at one point smash your head against this problem(wall), so it should have been noticed and ""fixed"".Resumée:I hope to see future patches to adress the controls and UI problems.Apart from that, its really enjoyable and provides enough challenge, freedom and sandboxing to fill hours of play.Its very well worth the price i think, im even stunned to see it being sold that low.About the topic of it being out of early access:I think it should have stayed longer in early access.In fact i was quite shocked when i heard it will release in 3 days.I visited the forums a week before the announcement and had a thought of it needing at least another year to be finished properly and maybe also get another feature or two.This doesnt mean it isnt somewhat ready.Its a well working game, enough content is there and the whole gameplay loop makes sense and doesnt feel rushed out.But it also kind of missed opportunities to polish at named places and also to maybe introduce some more features to reach full potential.As i think it has enough possibilities to be expanded. Maybe with DLC later down the line.Or with a sequel that might go for multiplayer aswell (sharing the world map feature would be cool, adding possibilities of trade and maybe sabotage to the mix).Buy it when you are interested in a build-up management and puzzle game about economy, ecology and symbiosis, feeling different but similar to games like Reus and Sim City.Especially when you are like me and searching for a fresh new mix in these genres, apart from the established games, this title is very welcomed."
,Recommended,416210,21808947,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Samsee,"First off: Thanks ArchDaily for introducing this game on their site. Though you discard all structural design and regulations (for the most part), this is definitely for anyone into design and planning. I can see this as a tool in classrooms and studios as the push for sustainability and self-sustainable cities are gaining momentum.I definitely recommend this game. It is like a cross of SimCity and Legos: your design choice has impact as you maintain your city but you have freedom to design what you will to your liking in a very cute modular form. It is very addicting; I would take on a several challenges and next thing I knew it, three hours passed (and my landscape homework remains undone).Few things I would recommend adding (if possible) is panning around so I don't have to fight the camera when I want to view a specific area of the world and allowing players to access their save files from the main menu. I had to load up a challenge or the sandbox mode just so I can get the option to load a save. There may have been a recent fix addressing these issues so ignore this portion if it has been added. ^^;Overall, it's very fun. The challenges will really make you think (and rage but that's just me) but you can always relax in the sandbox mode by creating your own cityscape.So go and put a huge row of windmills or a huge stash of bee farms in front of your apartment complex! I'm sure they will be fine since they're getting both electricity and fresh vegetables!"
,Not Recommended,416210,28548192,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,romishou,"This game is awesome, it has a good concept and it differs from any other game of this type because you must develop your city vertically, seeking the perfect balance between production and consumption. The graphics are very pleasing and the music is beautiful. But let's be honest.Since it's early access you'll find lots and lots of bugs and glitches, some of them are very annoying and sometimes they make you lose interest in continuing to play. There are few reviews that explain exactly what i mean with ""annoying bugs"".In any case, bugs can be fixed and since i'm patient that's just a part of the problem. What i'm saying is that i find this game too static. The Dev had a great idea with the inhabitants but they just walk randomly (exept for the trumpet player who just play and stay in the same place). ""Is a neighborhood alive?"" well, i don't know, i can't feel it. It would be great if the people who live in the city had activities and you see them going shopping somewhere, buying clothes or food, or you see them sitting in the internet cafe etc. this is what an alive neighborhood looks like!I hope this will come true someday."
76561198089440357,Recommended,416210,29075514,Posted: 6 January,all,tom hank,"There's a lot of people writing like entire theses about this game and not recommending it.  This game is inexpensive, has a certain beauty to it, and is very interesting and enjoyable to play.  There are a few bugs here and there, but it's mostly stuff like ""Oh, I don't actually need this building for this challenge.""  Nothing crazy or game ruining or that really hurts the overall experience in any way.  I don't think I have ever written a review on Steam before.  It just annoyed me to see negative reviews at the top of such a great, original game."
,Not Recommended,416210,32560397,Posted: 19 June,all,Raptor85,"Cute game, I could see some people liking it if you like super, super simple resource management games (if you can call it that).  Not my cup of tea though, it's extremely boring, more like you'd expect from a simple mobile game you could pick up and put down while waiting for a flight or in line at the dmv."
,Not Recommended,416210,31718299,Posted: 13 May,all,8055,"What's not to love about this game?  I loved it from the start, then it started crashing, fps drops, crashing.. Think I had over 10 crashes or huge fps drops in less then 8 hours gameplay.The devs did a really nice job, but not being able to play the longer challenges because of these issues is a deal breaker for me.  I hope they fix this fast as I'm not the only one having these issues.  Just have a new pc with i7/32GB ram and a GTX1060.As soon as they fix this I can recommend this game, at this stage.. sorry nope."
,Not Recommended,416210,33986249,Posted: 2 August,all,thanaka,"It looks a lot nicer in the video, controls aren't intuitive and the story is really short. The sandbox is okay but not challenging in any way whatsoever. There are many much better games out there, no point in wasting your time and money here. If you're really into this sort of game or this game in particular, get it on sale or else you'll regret not doing so."
,Recommended,416210,21765070,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,"The Good, The Bad & The Kawaii","""Create Harmony"". Tell that to the inhabitant with six wind turbines pointed at his apartment window,"
,Not Recommended,416210,28451316,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Iconmaster,"All in all, Block'Hood is an amazing and innovative concept for a game. It's a shame the developers are completely unaware of what makes thier game good.At first blush, this game might appear to be a city-building game, like SimCity. You have blocks representing houses, shops, trees, etc. that you put together to form a city. However, I would argue that this game has more in common with games like Factorio than SimCity, because of how its resource-management system works.Instead of these blocks costing anything to place, they require certain resources as inputs, and produce certain outputs, all at a constant rate. There's a variety of resources, and to complete the challenge maps, you have to build production chains of certain blocks to make enough resources. Unbalance your resources and things will ""decay"", a very nasty condition that you want to avoid. The core decision problem at the heart of the game is what blocks to use to balance out inputs and outputs, and how to structure them to maximize your limited space.So if you're familiar with other games that have a heavy focus on resource management, this should sound familiar. From my experiences, however, the developers have never heard of this kind of game, because they refuse to follow most of its conventions, and continously weaken the core of thier gameplay with each update.For one, the game does everything in its power to obscure how the inputs and outputs are currently functioning. They let you see if you are at a net loss or gain of a resource, but it's in different units then what the building will show you when you inspect them. Production of a block may be altered at random through ""world events"", in amounts generally unspecified beforehand, meaning your production chain may be decayed by things happeneing outside of your control. The UI puts a priority on the amount of the resource you have, rather than the rate of the resource, obscuring the real decision you're trying to make.I'd say the biggest example of this is the ""Zero Footprint"" challenge. In it, you have to procude a certain amount of a resource... And none of any other resource. This should be a tricky challenge where Block'Hood really shines- You should be able to analyze the inputs and outputs of everything, and feel proud when you've completed the production chain that balances itself out. In reality, however, it's an impossible task. The UI is bad at telling you how things balance in reality, and it becomes a massive, unpredictable issue with ease, forcing you to intentionally cause decay to drain excess resources. It's easily one of the least pleasent challenges, despite the fact that it should be testing you on all your Block'Hood skills, rather than frustrating you to no end.(A sidenote: The choice of blocks you have to play with seem... Oddly dualistic. You either have ""gentrified neighborhood"" or ""polluted hellscape"" blocks, and that's it. Either ""Yoga Studios"" or ""Garment Sweatshops"". Most challeneges end up with you making a 'hood that you're sure has a history of sharply rising rent and middle-class white people pushing the poor out of apartment buildings.)The game has promise. It really does. The concept of a city building game that relies on resource management rather than unit simulation is endlessly fascinating to me. But there's a long road to go before the good parts of the game outshine the many flaws. What makes the game fun is the resource management and the challenges, but the developers seem focused on making it more like a city simulation. I enjoyed this game, but I cannot reccomend it at this time- There are simple changes it could make to create a truly great game, but I don't see those changes happening in the near future."
,Recommended,416210,21772109,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,NovaTang,"Good idea in maintaining a balance in various resource systems. The music and minimalistic graphics are relaxing. Still many space for improvement but the current state is already very fun to play, especially to city building game lovers. Hope to see more quality updates."
76561197970998492,Not Recommended,416210,32005140,Posted: 27 May,all,windfollower,"I've played this a while now. There are many good things about this game, and bad, all of which have been given by other reviewers. On the whole, it simply ends up feeling a little empty.When I'm playing a game like this, what I really feel like I'm playing with is a model of something -- a model of what works and what doesn't; something robust that I can develop strategies for. It doesn't have to be a simulation, but the model needs to have a certain level of complexity to be interesting. Furthermore, the complexity needs to be ""deep"", not ""broad"".Unfortunately, Block'hood seems like an example of ""broad"" complexity that is actually pretty shallow -- lots of choices of blocks, but many are redundant. The interactions are basic, and boring, once you've grasped what's going on here. Maybe some non-linear limits would have helped, like decreasing returns on similar block business types, or low caps on stockpiled resources, or something.There are a lot of combinations to explore, and in fairness I've never tried to build some kind of monster block, just a few levels' worth. But I find it hard to care after a while.I suggest reading the other reviews on here; there are many good ones."
,Not Recommended,416210,33406669,Posted: 9 July,all,Renefoetsie,"The concept of this game is great, the excecution, not so much. The controls are quite clunky, the interface isn't too great and this game gets a bit repetitive and even boring after a short while. On the ohter hand, the music is great and the idea is refreshing.Bit of a mixed bag, but the negatives do outweigh the positives by a small bit.Get it on sale if you're certain you like this type of game."
,Recommended,416210,21777047,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Martan,"So far one of the best experiences for me regarding Early Access titles.If you like resource chains, management and building give it a try!Game has 12 challenge levels, 10 in-depth tutorial levels and the free sandbox mode.It's Alpha 0.6.20, but really it feels like a Beta or even a small full game experience.There are some minor issues which are under the scope of devs / community."
,Recommended,416210,24293177,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Joke Name,"This game is the virtual equivalent of a Zen Garden. Relaxing, simple, and feels really, really good. I can close out of a particularly annoying match of Overwatch, then play this for about 30 minutes, and all of the anger just drifts away.Pros:-Visuals are beautiful, cell shading done well-Hyper-minimalist-It feels good to design these massive ""Cities Under a Roof""Cons:-I feel like it needs more modules-There is a ""Challenge Mode"" that is named like it is the real game, instead of ""Sandbox Mode"" where I feel the emphasis should be placed.-There are a few really annoying bugs (like that one where after you use the inspect tool you can't use the delete tool), but most of these are easilly fixed."
,Not Recommended,416210,31850948,Posted: 19 May,all,Paprika Killer,"The following was written from the perspective of someone expecting a city builder game scaled down to a small neighborhood. If you are buying this game for a different reason feel free to disregard this review.TL;DR There is honestly no reason to buy this game if you are looking for a city builder game.As a city builder it fails on several fundamental levels.There is no cost associated with building and destroying objects, and both events are instant. This completely deemphasizes planning things out, because as long as you have at least some basic resources and can click fast you can rebuild the entire map without penalty.Objects that needs resources from eachother (eg. water from a water pump to a house) do not need to be conencted to eachother in any way, they just need to be ""Accesible"" which simply means it needs to be next to the side of the map or another object that is already accesible.These things combined with some other minor factors make the game extremely boring as far as city building goes.You can make amazingly looking buildings and the artstyle compliments it well (the trailer does a good job showing this off), so if you want to just create a nice looking building for a couple bucks give it a go. otherwise, pass."
76561198019990377,Not Recommended,416210,32201804,Posted: 5 June,all,De Vis,"Although I really like the concept of the game, I simply can't recommend it at it's current (and maybe final) state. As other reviewers stated, if you fail to meet the requirements of a block in a certain amount of time, the block will decay. This means other block that needed the decayed block will also decay, resulting in a collapse of your hood. If you start a new hood from scratch, you have to plan out almost the entire hood. You can't build while paused or in some kind of ghost mode, so you have to remember the whole lay-out.Besides, the game has a lot of bugs, including crashes, not able to save in story mode and buttons not showing. The game froze twice on my while playing the last story mission, and since you can't save, I lost about 60 minutes of playtime."
76561198272775124,Recommended,416210,22623235,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,roar,"I have to say some points below might be caused by my misunderstanding,for I've played this game only for few days(at version 60.22).good thingsBgm is good. Plus, when buildings are placed, they make unique sounds and voices, like kids laughing when a school is built. It makes good ambience.Each unit is well designed and sophisticated. Even abandoned or broken buildings have good tastes.It is a small sandbox, so I have to think carefully about which building to make and where to place it. It adds a bit difficulty to this game and makes my town unique.Input/output is funny, but witty. It requires consumers or it makes knowledge, oh, I see.bad thingsI want more variety of buildings, for fun and resources I need.The camera can be set at only few angles. I want to see my town from free angle, including looking it up from underneath.It's great if this game lets me know when buildings got abandoned or broken.Which building is broken most recently? I heard a bang somewhere!I know the bgm volume can be controlled in main menu, but can I control it when playing?I had trouble to find where I can load my data which I saved before.I looked for `load data' button in main menu for a long time...Sorry for making complaints, but I can say this game is already worth its price, and I expect it gets even better!"
,Recommended,416210,23241979,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,GamingMantis,Relaxing and fun.The UI really isn't so bad either.
,Recommended,416210,24245481,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Breadman,"The game has a really nice art style and lots of potential with its design. It feels like a modern version of Sim Tower mixed with Banished. It's in alpha, so a lot of the flaws are to be expected. I'm not at all disappointed to have spent $10 on this, and I look forward to seeing it developed further into a polished game! I think this is a great game and I would definitely recommend picking it up and trying it out if you're at all interested. My feedback and suggestions for improving this game are below:There are quite a few bugs, although most don't detract heavily. I found I could place standard corridors on the second floor, adjacent to second story structures, as long as there weren't any corridors beneath the corridor I was trying to place. After, I was able to place the ground-level corridor underneath the elevated one. There are corridors that come with supporte intended for this, but access to them is blocked during the first few challenges and tutorials. If we're supposed to be blocked from expanding vertically, then building any second-story or higher structures should be blocked completely. Alternately, if we are supposed to be able to build vertically in these early challenges, please make those structured corridors available so we don't have to exploit the ""standard corridor"" bug I described above.I felt more information could be given during the tutorial - more of a reason as to WHY we're learning what we are. I understood connecting structures via corridors was required, but why does a well need to be connected to a path to function? Do my citizens need to walk to the well to retrieve water? Does the corridor also contain plumbing? Why don't trees need to be connected via corridors as well? The first few challenges felt like a trial by fire (which some may enjoy) but for this type of game, I'd personally prefer a little more hand-holding. I figured out that money was generated by retail stores, which was in turn needed to operate the water towers required to complete the challenge, but it felt weird to suddenly be worried about a new resource (money) which was previously unmentioned. This happened again with ""youth"" for the ""knowledge"" challenge. A little more preliminary explantion about how the resource works, and where to get it from, would be helpful in these early challenges.In general, it would be great to get more of  a sense of the connectivity between different resources. This takes X of that, this gives X, etc. Perhaps some (optional) floating text or other visual cue that floats upward from a structure when it  produces or uses a resource.I was also confused about decay. What causes decay? Perhaps this was mentioned but I may have missed it. During my first few challenges, buildings started breaking, and I was in a race to delete them and replace them while still placing more resources (presumably why they were decaying, though I'm not sure.) More explanation here, and/or a ""repair"" tool would be great.The interface felt a little ""sticky"", in that it was difficult to clear the current mode, data vis, or tool you were in. I found myself turning inspect mode on and off again just to clear the current structure from my cursor so I'd stop accidentally trying to place more of the same structure. I found that the various data visualizations and information menus stayed open when I didn't want them to, and then closed automatically when I didn't want them to, which was sort of unusual. Part of this is learning curve of course, but the interface seemed to work in ways I wouldn't expect based on other similar games.A shortcut to delete things would be much appreciated, as well as a ""return to default view"" which closes all windows and data visualizations.I also wasn't able to change the controls, or rather, I wasn't able to figure out how to once I was in the ""controls"" menu. After clicking on a certain control, I tried to press other keys to ressign the control but nothing happened. I might be doing this wrong, but there is no explanation in that menu.I found that nighttime made it more difficult to see things going on, and the shift to nighttime was particularly distracting. I would love to see night mode visuals implemented better, perhaps less green-black and more dark blue, with less clouds. Maybe retain most of the brightness of the buildings, but make everything appear a bit cooler.If I had to suggest one thing, it would be this: more information about what exactly is blocking a given structure from producing. When I inspect a structure, I can see it's not producing, but not WHY. Seeing a list of all the problems (improper facing, no electricity, etc) would remove a LOT of guesswork that I don't think is intended to be a part of the challenge, as well as help players learn the flows of the game's resources much more efficiently."
76561198195628610,Recommended,416210,21876716,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Zanna,"Block'hood is the only early access game I've ever bought (other than Subnautica) and I'm thoroughly enjoying it. Let me count the ways...THINGS I (ESPECIALLY) LOVEDThe art style reminds me of a modern Monument Valley- not quite as breathtaking (currently), but I'm praying the devs will push the game to that level of beauty, with their own flair of course.The background, lighting and sound effects slowly change in tandem, giving soft and atmospheric impressions of sunsets, foggy nights, grey rainy days, etc.I think there's only one track in the game so far (other than the sound effects), but I still haven't gotten sick of it.The variety of neon lights and trees is great; adds a lot of character to otherwise boring areas.The geometric rippling-water effect. 10/10 could watch all day.Gameplay itself is already quite polished- simple enough to focus on design/aesthetics if desired, and complex enough in challenge mode that I had to play a few of them over again to win. It's a simple game but not as easy as it looks. I found myself doing mental math for maximum efficiency. This game made me do math.SUGGESTIONSI'm sure the dev(s) have considered all or most of the following ideas, or are already working on implementing them, or are planning to take the game in a different direction, but I like to feel important and helpful so here we go!I'd like to give my towns/citys/neighborhoods their own names, and have customizable signs to remind me. It gives each one a certain flavour, you know?Many of my games have an industrial feel. I end up filling a lot of space with algae farms and generators and garbage dumps, which can make it look like an industrial complex rather than a town. One possible solution (if this is even a problem; some people probably like the look) is to allow buildings to be upgraded to make them more efficient once the player has enough money. Or perhaps introduce another resource (like renown or something) to allow the player to upgrade at a slower pace, since this could potentialy make the game too easy- part of the challenge is the space constraint.I wasn't sure how to complete a few of the challenges. On one level I didn't know whether to produce 1000 individual consumers (I'd have to place over 300 neon signs!) or 1000 aggregated ""units"" of consumers. Or maybe I'm just dumb :(Certain pillars/supports should be placeable on existing surfaces such as short trees, sand, grass, etc.The option to click on the background and drag to change viewing angle.As another reviewer mentioned, the player should be able to access saved files from the main menu.It's difficult/impossible to remove or replace a block below another, without first destroying the upper block. Also, blocks are easily hidden if they're surrounded by others, making it difficult to count how many more you need for a challenge, or see if any buildings have broken down. Being able to chose a level and edit it individually, perhaps with the other levels faded out, might be a potential solution. I realize that giving the player too much freedom would result in impossible floating cities (but is that really a bad thing?!)Devs are already taking steps in this direction, but I'd love to see more styles/recolours/themes for buildings and blocks -in a drop down menu- that don't necessarily change the stats, just the appearance. Some would be quite simple to create too- for example, a solar panel on the sandy surface that's already in the game, in addition to the grassy surface. Also, condensing the neon signs into one button (with a drop down menu to choose from the multiple signs) would free up space if needed. Again, this is probably an obvious suggestion.It'd be fun to see little blocky people walking around, maintaining the generators, walking their dogs, drinking at the pub- but of course this would be a massive undertaking, and since the game is focused more on architecture and resource management than people, it's definitely not needed or expected.Block'hood is already fun (and worth the price, in my opinion), which is pretty amazing for a game released less than a week ago on early access. It has so much potential, and I'm excited to see where the devs take it!"
,Recommended,416210,28222527,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Leonord curse,I do recommend this game but at this moment the 700 block limit makes it unplayable after a couple hours. I hope the limit is removed in the future.
,Recommended,416210,23918724,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,CensoredByAdmin,My only complaint about this game are that you can not put anything exactly in the middle and it's messing with my OCD other than that it's peaceful asf and just a genuinely enjoyable experience.
76561198046763961,Recommended,416210,24130704,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,TimeLordOfAnime,"After playing this game a couple of my hopes where let down, although the idea is magnificent along side the art, I found the controls being a bit hard sometimes, only being restricted to four corner was a bit frustrating and would love to see the ability to move the camera freely in every direction. another thing is creative mode dosen't really feel to creative, I found myself lost for hours trying to get everything to work without it failing, I feel a mode titled 'Creative' would mean something along side minecraft's creative mode, where nothing requires inputs and I can just freely build massive cities without having to worry about having the required inputs. But all the negitvies aside I absouletly adore this game for a early access, I think by the time it is fully released it will be a well polished amazing city building game."
76561198031498267,Recommended,416210,23874735,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Dale,"Let me just start by saying this game is fantastic.It's beautiful to look at. It's minimalistic, but at the same time complex.It's relaxing, but at the same time challenging.The content is already there to justify the price and I can't wait to see this game grow."
76561198047341935,Recommended,416210,31692192,Posted: 11 May,all,e-wok345,"Wow, what can I say about a game as good as this? So far, I haven't seen anything as good as this.TLDR: Unique city game about balance and production chains with a nice art style. Only complaint is the controls are awkward sometimes.Pros:-Unique gameplay about balance and production chains-Beautiful art style with pleasant piano-Simcity-like world system (not sure this is 100% implemented.)-A lot of blocks/buildings to work with-Environmental message-Relaxing and laid-back feelCons:-controls are a little awkward with trying to get buildings to place on upper floors-Honestly, I can't think of much elseGet this game!"
76561198015337264,Recommended,416210,29215499,Posted: 12 January,all,Rhev,"Yes with a caveat;Understand that this game is in early access and it feels like it.  I think when this game is done it could be great, but in it's current state it's a bit frustrating.  The lack of a 'fast forward' option really is a glaring omission.  I look forwards to what this game will be when it's done.But if you're unsure about early access, I'd say wait."
76561198092569073,Recommended,416210,24288583,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Mister Chicken,"Edit 12/5/16They listened! All of the flaws have been addressed (some more adequately solved than others) in the past updates, and now I can stronglyrecommend you getting this game. For those who haven't read my review, to put it simply, it is a fun puzzle game (yes, a puzzle game as I have come to realise) with a city builder theme. While it has to potential to offer amazing eye candy, the goal of this game is to effectively utilize the limited amount of ground space to create a flourishing ""hood"". You have to make sure every space counts, and try your best to balance effectiveness and aesthetics to create a gorgeous skyscraper/town! Coupled with its soothing soundtrack and simplstic, yet beautiful visuals gives you a sense of serenity as you are playing. Its devs are clearly listening, so please, get this game, and if you feel that some things need to change, simply speak out, and it may be addressed. However, its appeal to casuals hasn't improved at all pretty much since launch, as far as I can tell, and I'm pretty sure it is a deliberate decision. If you are looking for an fun, easy city builder with minimal mangement and organization skills required, don't get this game. If you are artistic and calculative enough, you definitely can create some gorgeous hoods, however, dont expect to plop down some resource/production plots and then dedicate all your attention to desgining your hood, as this game is first and foremost a PUZZLE game. Also, I dont think there is a certain ""goal"" to reach (Like Cities Skylines with its population milestones and whatnot), so if you're a stickler for goals or achievements, don't get it until they impliment something of the sort. That said, it IS an amazing game, and it would be a shame if a game like this was underappreciated, so if you can overlook the challenges, I strongly recommend you try it out.  7/10 potatoes, still can't desgin an effective hood for $&!@(Edit: Adjusted score)~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Short Review (because I tend to ramble a lot): An interesting concept with a lot of potential, and is something different than the generic city builder, as it intergrates some puzzle aspects, and requires you to be able to manage buildings efficiently. Because of this, it is rather difficult to be creative for some, as you have to carefully balance a lot of resources in order to run a successful ""hood"", so casuals be warned! Added with the horrible camera, and lack of small details, like dynamic pedestirans, keep Block'hood just shy from being a must buy. That being said, this game IS on early access, and it's really cheap for such a quality game, so if you are interested in a little challenge, and like what you see through pictures and such, get this game!~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Block'hood is an interesting twist to the ""city builder"" genre. I have heard that it is very similar to SimTower (or whatever that is), but I personally never heard of said game, so I went in only with images from the store page for reference to what this game has to offer.The pictures of towering skyscrapers and beautiful little villages can be a little deceiving, as the there is a rather steep learning curve (keep in mind that this was through my PERSONAL expirence, you may find the game easier or harder to grasp than me). The tutorial does a decent job at explaining how to connect buildings and such, but does a poor job in explaining the necessary mechnics and basic resource management tips in creating your own little ""hood"". Though it might not be as big of a deal for some of you, It took me 2 failed ""hoods"" and about 30 minutes to finally understand how to get my place started. Because of this, and coupled with the fact there is no ""infinite resource mode"" (for practicing your building skills) [Edit 12/5/16, yes you can], you probably won't be able to build that amazing apartment complex right from the start. However, there is a pretty good guide on the ""Steam Community Guides"" on teaching you how to get started, so you can look into that if you do get this game.Another thing that really bugs me is the camera. It is clunky at best, and will take a while to get used to. I'm fairly sure it was a design choice becasue the camera snaps to one of the four corners of your building area, zoom in and out from your corner of choice, and adjust the angle of view (to keep with the cube theme). There is no free camera, and once you start building higher, it will get in your way if you accidentally place a corridor in the wrong spot which really bugs me. Another annoyance that I have, is the lack of ""life"" in your city. There are a small amount of pedestrians, which each requiring a certain building to unlock. For example, building a basketball court will unlock athletes to start roaming around town, and play a game of basketball by themselves every now and then. Outside of these two activites, they do nothing else. They can't use the beer garden I placed down, or visit the fancy new restraunt down the corridor. I would have loved to see the pedestrians interact with everything in the neighborhood, and not just the building that they came with. Although not a deal-breaking problem for me, and I was more worried about balancing my resources than studying the behavorial patterns of my citizens, I have seen people complain about this game SOLELY on the lack of little people walking around.""Well, if you have only complained about this game so far, why are you recommending it?"", pigsnort.mp3. Well, because it has a massive amount of potential, with a (through limited knowledge) great dev team behind it. In one of their more recent update, they added a feature in which you can create you own world which can be customised from the type of biome it will be, to the amount of landmass to water ratio of your choosing. From there, you can create multipule ""hoods"", each with their own personal lot of land assigned by you. Eventually, in a furture update, you will be able to share your resources between your hoods, as long as it is on the same world. This creates a lot of freedom, and makes the game a little easier to manage, becuase that means you can designate a certain plot of land to be your resource producing hood, and be free to create whatever you please on your next hood. This alone has a massive amount of potiental. Image creating a world where you and your friends can build on, with everyone helping each other to create the biggest, prettiest structures, and compare them to other groups of people, and be ranked on a leaderboard or something. Though this particular feature was not promised or even mentioned by the devs (to my knowledge), it was just an example to show you what this game CAN be.If any of that didn't convince you to get this game, then consider this. This was one of the most polished early access games I have ever played, and even if it seems a LITTLE interesting, get this game, and see where the devs take it. It's really cheap, $10 for base price, and even less on sale (got it for $7 personally). I honestly don't know how to end this review, because this is the most serious review I have done, so....8/10 potatoes, would cover half of my plot of land with solar panels again. Good luck building your dream vertical neighborhood!"
,Recommended,416210,21851765,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,deeravengertn,I dont know what im doingI like that
76561198203300610,Recommended,416210,22823242,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,White Ninja,"Great game, suprising amount of depth i love the look and the music is great but i wish that it auto saved when you hit exit to menu because i lost a game i was in for 2 hours cause i didnt relise i had to save it myself :("
76561198052254672,Not Recommended,416210,31729812,Posted: 13 May,all,Swkoll,"What looks like a city builder/simulation game is actually an artistic puzzle game. The core gameplay loop is built for creating pretty pictures rather than an indepth emergent ecology. The game is also quite unstable, I was unable to complete the story without multiple crashes."
,Recommended,416210,23236487,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Seventhsu,"If you go into this game with any expectations other than seeing how terrible you are at city planning then you're doing something wrong.But really, this game is only what you make it and nothing more. No hand-holding, no guidelines, no real rules. It is a sandbox in the truest form albeit it is somewhat limited as to what you can use to create, though that's not to say it lacks in content. There are an infinite amount of 'hoods you can build with what you're given, you just need the imagination and patience to pull it off."
,Recommended,416210,28184426,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,PA5ca1,"So far in the game I've encountered some glitches but none were at the very least game-breaking, the controls are easy to pick-up and the concept of the game Is something I've been wanting for a long time in a game (yes really, no I'm not fun at parties). And on that note, one issue i would like to adress that is quite annoying (to me personally) is that i can't find an option while within playing the game (not meaning the title menu) where I can turn off the music, the music is dope and all but sometimes some of us want to listen to other songs out of the game so I hope they add this feature in the (hopefully) near future."
,Recommended,416210,28279682,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,maskineri,"Amazing.This game is my favourite part of the Anno series, - the microeconomics - extracted and presented in an aestetically appealing style. The puzzle mode is just the right amount of difficult. The learning curve is very smooth. The mechanics are simple enough, but the limited space you have to work with makes you put some thought in it, and makes the game extremely addictive. The way this puzzle aspect is implemented into the city-builder also makes you want to explore different layouts, so the replay value is massive if you want to build a nice city.The amount of content that's already available is impressive! I definitely expected much less at such an early stage of development.I'm also very pleased with how it runs on my old laptop. It's snappy and feels smooth and nice.Overall, extremely good purchase that I will keep enjoying for a while. A must for people who like city builders, microeconomics and cute puzzles. I can't wait to see what future updates bring!"
76561198098195599,Not Recommended,416210,32030902,Posted: 28 May,all,MundiMori,"This game is mediocre. The mechanic works pretty smoothly, resources are well balanced, but there's just no spark. The game isn't... fun. The Challenge levels are the only part of the game that comes anywhere close to being enjoyable. These are levels ranked by difficulty that give you a set goal to reach using a given set of blocks. But the name Challenge is a misnomer, as even intermediate levels are super easy. Story mode is terrible. The story line is very boring, and it's basically just one super long tutorial with a bunch of really monotonous dialogue. Spread out over five levels. That you seemingly can't save midway during, so if you get bored halfway through you have to start over next time. I gave this game a solid try because the mechanic seemed like something I would really like, and the 3d building aspect worked well even on my little netbook, but I just couldn't stick it out any longer."
76561198034382037,Recommended,416210,24291486,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Blackwood04,This game taught me that a thriving beer industry has the power to replenish even the most strained environmental resources: greenhouse gases and organic waste.  Beer really is the answer.
76561198115672744,Recommended,416210,24436928,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,ThePortalSlime,"This is a must have. Block'hood has a rustic sense of balance that I love. You can't just place water pipes down, you have to have money for water, stores for money, apartments for stores, trees for aparments, and water for trees. Everthing is connected, making this a great, fun, and creative game."
,Recommended,416210,24485767,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,CLANETEA,"Overall I loved the game. Its fun, Its relaxing, I like that I have to balance everything. Its building and math at the same time. I enjoyed the challenges, and I look forward to A LOT MORE LEVELS ! I also enjoyed the graphics very much, and look forward to the rest.That said, since it's early access, there are some things I thought could be improved.1. I think that building tall buildings would be more interesting if we can overlap the column blocks (the ones with only structure in them) with other blocks that dont have structures in them, like the water towers and the generators etc. It is kinda limiting if I want to build taller buildings.2. I understand if you want to keep the 45 degree angle as part of the aesthetic, but I feel like it would help if we can pan as well, there were certain part that i cant zoom in on because its on the edge.3. When I was playing the game, I find it frustrating that I have to flip page by page to look for blocks that have certain outpts and inputs I was looking for. For example, If i was looking for blocks that generate technology because I want to build a block that needs it for input, I need hover to every icon to search for it. If was having trouble now when there arent so many blocks, imagine when more blocks are released ! I think having some sort of search option would help.4. It would be helpful if there is a alarm/notification when a certain value is dropping near to zero.When I was playing sandbox I was so focused on building the aesthetic that I didnt notice my water or labour plunging to zero and everything started decaying.5. Another feature I think would be helpful is if we can replace blocks instead of deleting and building new ones on the same spot, especially if the block is underdeath another block. When I was building tall buildings, I would find my self changing my mind about a block on a lower level but to replace it with another block is so much work because I would have to delete so many upper levels and then rebuilding them again just to get to this one block."
76561198030759806,Not Recommended,416210,26077585,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,wolfk59,"This game is broken! Tried to play the tutorial. Instead of getting the water well, I got a different blocks! The result was that I couldn't finish the tutorials. Very frustrated. Game seems to have potential. At this point I can't recommend. Please fix."
76561198009002381,Recommended,416210,23360019,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,St Moo I,Good tutorial and a novel idea on city builder genre
76561198005947553,Recommended,416210,22183159,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,ihavealamp,"Awesome little casual/chill neighborhood sim. Mix between a city sim (SimCity'esque) and a resource supply chain sim (Anno, Suburbia, etc.). Easy fun, quite relaxing."
,Recommended,416210,29176007,Posted: 10 January,all,D a d ✔,"When I ever get really frustrated in a team based game, I just open this game up and just build. Very relaxing game."
,Recommended,416210,35069567,Posted: 19 September,all,424 apologist,"I wish I could make a neutral review, because it's a great and relaxing game that's ultimately stunted by the block limit in sandbox mode. you'll hit it surprisingly fast if your 'hood is any bigger than 10x10, and it really kills any sort of creative enthusiasm you might've had."
,Not Recommended,416210,29793859,Posted: 8 February,all,Munsta,"Has potential, but it's just potential at this point.Key missing features to make this a good game :- Challenges that make sense. Game was reworked a few times but the challenges weren't updated, making them very tidious and sometimes just dumb.- A better way to filter buildings based on their input/ouput"
76561198162410567,Not Recommended,416210,26081905,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Awkward winkyface,"The premise is fantastic. Both conceptually as visually the game is really well done and exceptionally coherent. The blocks are thoughtfully put together, allowing for vastly different ""strategies"" when building your ""Hood"".As for currently I can't recommend due to a long lists of bugs and inconsistensies ranging from gamebreaking to slightly obnoxious.Few examples:-Menu might at random bug out. Disallowing you to play. Restarting the game is a gamble, good chance it just crashes again(and the game has an unskippable prologue)-Blocks decay, that means they're literally useless once broken down(happens when the required recourses for it to run aren't present). Sometimes decayed blocks cannot be destroyed at random. This means you're stuck with an useless spot. When you have the game you'll realize how gamebreaking this is; and it happens OFTEN-Very inconsistent building mechanics, very clumsily put together-Double binding on keys. For example E rotates the screen and a selected item. Cannot change controls, so you're stuck with a double bound key(incredibly stupid bug in my opinion)-Inhabitants are dumb as hell, and do nothing but walk up and down. They're purely cosmetic, but they're not very pleasing to look at due to their simplistic AI-Some blocks glitch through each other. For example the staircase clips through the block put upon it-Sometimes you can't build upon another block at random. When reinstalling the block below it'll work again for no reason-Alot of blocks don't make any sense in terms of in- and output-No multiplayer aspects. The building sharing is purely localAnd way more."
,Not Recommended,416210,22832911,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Dr. Nebsterio,This game looked right up my alley and I wanted to really get into it but I couldn't.  I much prefer zen-type games where you can build without much urgency but this one seemed to be very unforgiving.  I understand it's early access but what really was upsetting what that I experienced numerous UI problems had the game crash three times on me in less than an hour.
76561198039476491,Recommended,416210,22920820,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,TheWarBastard,"Block’hood, it is a relaxing city builder but also very challenging to find the perfect Eco balance between resources like water, fuel, leisure and clean air but the game itself houses many other resource types as well. It is a city builder, however it is not the high resource sucking type like Sim City or Cities Skylines as there are no individual units bouncing around your screen going place to place finding food or taking a dump only to miss and clog up your processor. Currently it plays mostly like a quiet puzzle piece type game where you manage the different aspects of living but if the needs are not met the buildings actually decay. Block’hood is a tower/city simulator and a lot of careful work has gone into creating it, however it is not short of frustrating and a bit on the clunky navigation side as you will actually have to mouse to the camera controls and tinker before finding the perfect adjustment to fit your instant needs (I think they fixed most of it in later updates). It has a great Sandbox mode as it still remains challenging even while giving you plenty of opportunity to explore each item in the menus.All in all I believe Block’hood has high potential and I hope the developer sticks with it and listens to the community while building it from where it is now in it’s Alpha stage. I recommend buying this game while it’s on Early Access and give it a try as it is on Steam for 9.99. I give this game a 4 out of 5 for graphics quality, game play and over all potential of this game to become a work of art.Debatable_Geniushttps://debatablogblog.wordpress.com/category/games/"
,Recommended,416210,24318614,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,BAKA Ruiner,"I may have picked this game up on a whim. I like city builders and I figured this was an unusual little city builder, but I didn't expect to like it quite so much as I do.Okay, so this game is really good in the state it's in. I hope it gets more soon to help fix the few bugs there are and expand what this game can do, which is already a very decent amount.I love the notions of the design here: verticality is possible, buildings are small and efficient, you have data easily available so you know the exact economy of your outputs and inputs, really it designs the kind of places that, honestly I don't know how they would work in real life, but I would want them to so that I could live there. You really do build an ecosystem: work, leisure, learning, natural resources. While the appearance isn't exactly slick, iphone or chromed out scifi like we've come to expect from the genre, the result is exactly the sort of thing you'd expect in an arcology. It's very cool.That said there are some small bugs: sometimes the cursor will lock to a block and I can't delete, rotate or move any others. Sometimes (and I may have just missed something), while the challenge modes are very good about giving options to complete each one in different ways, there are points where you have a building that lacks a certain input building. Now if this game worked in the sense that you could let it continue operating at a reduced cost, that would be fine, but usually if you lack even one input for 8 output cycles or more, the building ends up abandonded or permanently (as far as I know) hamstringed in some way, meaning you have to rip it out and put something new in there. That seems a little weird but hopefully that's something that will be fixed later.These are pretty small gripes though, the game is easy to pick up and play, the tutorial gives you the base concepts in no time and the game is otherwise user friendly enough to help you quickly pick up the specifics.It's awesome, I just hope it keeps getting better."
,Recommended,416210,35171539,Posted: 23 September,all,ensorcell,"Let me preface this by saying that IDOrecommend the game, but I doNOTrecommend buying it at the full price of $15. I don't think it's worth it unless the game is on sale. That being said, here's my review of the game:OverviewBlock'hood is a beautiful city building game that combines the art style of Monument Valley with the upward building idea of Tiny Towers. Its main mechanics are micromangement and resource awareness, as each block requires different inputs and produces different outputs. A balance must be struck so that certain resources aren't eaten up too quickly and others don't pile up and cause negative effects (note, I wouldn't necessarily call themgoodandbadresources, as even resources with negative downsides can be used positively). It is very open in build choices, meaning you can create a full industrial complex, a single cabin in a massive forest, or a harmony of man and nature. The story mode focuses on this balanceStory ModeThe story mode is a few chapters long and tells the story of the main character finding the right equilibrium between machines and animals. The story itself is quite nice, but more importantly it teaches some basic mechanics of the game, ramping up to showing the inner workings of more advanced blocks near the end. I highly suggest playing the story mode after the tutorial. I would definitely like to see more stories available, hopefully this is something the devs are working onChallengesThese are, as the name implies, short levels where you try to reach a certain goal, such as producing a certain amount of resource without producing too much of a negative one. Difficulties go from extremely easy to nearly impossible, challenges are a nice follow-up to the story mode but I'm not a huge fan of them. They make it feel like a cheap mobile game and I would much rather see more story optionsSandboxThis is where the game shines the most, in my opinion. Here you're free to create whatever giant world you feel like. You can follow the rules of resource management and try to grow your hood naturally, or you can completely ignore them and build purely for the aesthetics, which make for some gorgeous creations when coupled with the style of the artConclusionBlock'hood has a simplistic but charming art style that works quite well with the ""artificial vs natural"" theme that the story highlights. There are so many different blocks to use and learn the best route for managing various resources. The nature of the game lends itself to sandbox mode. However, I would love to see more emphasis on the devs on new stories. The game is 100% playable and enjoyable, but I do think there are a few unfinished outlets, such as certain resources that cannot be used and just build up forever"
76561198175967894,Recommended,416210,25959073,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,cbockstadter,Love it! complicated at the start but a great game. I love sanbox games like this so I think it's good
,Recommended,416210,24281535,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,AJ1AJ,Good game and very fun unless you crash.Pros:-nice world system things in the world update. the map changing system is nice.-Challange mode gives good objectives-sandbox mode is fun just to see what you can createCons:-There are limited save slots and there is no autosave so crashes can cause issues.-You cant delete things underneath other objects-I get frequent crashes so i havent played a single game completly without loosing everything.Its a good game just make sure you save often.
,Recommended,416210,31801586,Posted: 17 May,all,A$AP OSEF,"Great concept and logic behind the systems. A lot of things are not very clear in how the simulation work.Huge potential as an educational app, but the controls are the biggest drawback, very difficult to select or place blocks depending on camera angle and how cluttered is the area around the block (especially problematic re: the Y axis).Keep updating the game, love to play it with my 6yo son."
,Not Recommended,416210,24399793,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,megablue,"The game seems interesting and complex at first. However it is rather simple once you figure out how to balance the ecosystem, which took me only an hour or two. It is rather boring after that, especially there are no goals, no mile stones, nothing to strike for except the goals you set for yourself.There are too little contents for now. The sandbox mode has very little replayability. well... unless you like the idea of building towers of different arch types.I didn't play the challenge mode much, because i don't like the idea of playing a simulation game in puzzle mode. If i were to play it in the puzzle mode, i probably would just play a real puzzle game instead. I wouldn't recommend this game at current stage."
76561198026474572,Not Recommended,416210,31842687,Posted: 19 May,all,bl_0nyx,"Feels like the product is still in early access stage. Potentially interesting but quite barebones at the moment.UI feels quite clunky. Tabs III and IV are visible but locked, flow of resources not intuitive to see as not grouped and blue optional requirements not shown in the list; can save in story mode etc. etc."
,Recommended,416210,33455700,Posted: 11 July,all,E9D,"I bought the game 14th of may 2016, which means I bought it long before it got released. At the time I found the game on the steam market and got it for a little bit cheaper than what it is now. It looked really interesting and the concept was different and really cool.I regreted my purchase and was thinking about refunding it. by reason of the controls being impossible, no tutorial nor story. for the 11 mins I played the game, I had to teach myself the controls and how to not get broke all the damn time, along with having to frequently place and take care of water, plants and electricity. noone and or anything teached me this and I lost patience.Now, over a year later, I had completely forgot about the game. and its totally different. theres lovely music, the story is so far very good and, this is the best part, A TUTORIAL. I love it! the story works as a tutorial, which is very great for an impatient person like myself. everything so far is great!I recommend all new players to lower the pan sensitivity in the settings right away, as it is a bit high. May also apply for the zoom sensitivity, but this is more subjective."
,Recommended,416210,34143564,Posted: 10 August,all,Boomahly,"As an architecture student, this game opened my eyes. It is really well developed, with the axonmetric view, and the cool graphic. Higly recommanded if you wanna learn more about community development and community organization. Its a neat game and hoping for more to come."
,Recommended,416210,22885294,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,TheHuman,I love the game it's wonderful and looks great my only complaint is that it needs a free move cam because with only the four angles to look at it from it makes it really hard to place blocks some times.
,Recommended,416210,23098764,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Znut,"Going to be a great game. Overall things looking good, great music and great gameplay.Downside is that it is pretty hard to catch thing up at first (need to improve the communication before getting out of early access)."
,Recommended,416210,22991553,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,hyperbeats,"I've only played for a couple of hours but I love the game already! I just wish that the blocks don't decay so fast so that I can think of a better placement for new blocks (and actually have a nice layout). Besides that, the design is amazing. I can't wait to get further into the game :)"
,Recommended,416210,31961867,Posted: 25 May,all,Wolfie,Blocks and EconomyAs a person who likes building and management games this one seemed like a no brainer. The game itself seems quite straightforward with different structures and specific needs which help your economy grow.Good:Graphics are funCan get difficult/complexHuman and Animal economy togetherBad:Short Story (Wouldnt mind playing it longer)Can get overwhelming with too much everythingWith 10$ pricetag this is definetly one of the must get/try games if your into building and management.
76561198036004597,Recommended,416210,31885057,Posted: 21 May,all,CSpikes,"Disclaimer: I'm a landscape architecture student, so that may colour my impression of the game.Unlike other reviews, I didn't find the game particularly hard to control or pick up. The camera controls are standard for a 3D game. There could be some work done in placing blocks, however - the y-axis can be pretty funky at times.I do really like the aesthetics and the premise of the game. Resource control is fun and interesting, and the game does gradually become more complicated as you add blocks. I never felt like I ""had"" to continue building though - there are definite points of harmony you can reach where you can finish up your neighbourhood and call it a day without making more complicated resource chains. A minor complaint is that it's pretty hard to zero out resource growth. There's always a decimal point or two in one direction that gradually builds or removes a resource over time.Ultimately the issue is ""what's the point?"". I have tons of money, but money is just another resource used to fuel other resources like water or electricity. You can't use it to unlock new blocks or experiences. This game is great if you're just in it for the aesthetic experience, if you like building to see what you can build. But if you're a goal-oriented gamer, you're going to find yourself frustrated by the lack of direction.One final minor issue I had, which may have been missed in the transition from early access to release, is there is a third and fourth page to every menu but they're locked. It drove me crazy trying to figure out if there were two more pages of blocks to unlock. It seems as though it's just a placeholder that never got taken out, though.I would recommend this game if you want a place to express your creativity. Do not recommend it if you're looking for a more goal-oriented city simulation such as SimCity or City Skylines."
76561198070587637,Recommended,416210,29552300,Posted: 28 January,all,Solgib,"Great game, bit of a learning curve, but really beautiful and clever little game, you will waste so much time playing it! Only downside is a bit of a weak tutorial, but fine if you have an adventurous and eperimental spirit. 7/10 buy this"
,Recommended,416210,28321325,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,nothing,It's a good game. I just finished the final challenge today and only play sandbox now. I'd say it was worth the money for these first 15 hours alone. It's fun and challenging to try to adapt your ideas of designing communities based on the restrictions you are given.
,Not Recommended,416210,31885518,Posted: 21 May,all,Jet,"This game has so much potential. Unfortunately, it has so many bugs and problems that it is almost unplayable at times. The game continuously locks up and stops responding. Progressing through story mode seems to be achieved through a series of luck more than anything. Sometimes you will meet the needs of the current objective and will get moved on, sometimes you will meet the needs and won't get moved on. Sometimes it moves you on before you even get a chance to start meeting the needs of the current objective. Sometimes the UI doesn't register that you have clicked on something. It takes too long for the game to register that you have done something.You only have to peruse the forums to see that there are other issues. Added to this, there is no save game function in the story mode. You need to finish each chapter or you are in for a redo of whatever chapter you are playing. So if you are an hour into chapter 5 (which is easy to have happen) and then you encounter a bug or the game stops responding, too bad. You have to have to start the chapter over.So while this is a very pretty game, and the mechanics are there, there are just too many issues to make me want to recommend this game. It still feels like an early access game that needs to be worked on."
,Recommended,416210,23431623,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Bulaxy,"This game is pretty good, at least it is my type of games. However, some feature does not fully make sense, so it is yet to be improve. but I still like it, waiting for more update until fully develop my land XD"
76561198167868612,Recommended,416210,24359036,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Solen'ya,Fun game kinda pointless after you beat the challanges but its still cool to build giant self sustaining towers
76561198179511602,Recommended,416210,31843175,Posted: 19 May,all,[CG] Mr M Richman,"So I see some bad reviews and am hesitant but then I see 25% off so I buy the game (£5 for a game is really good nowadays) and I play it for a while... I really do love this game! This game has great scales of what you can be able to make your 'hood' into ( I mean who hasn't made their 'hood' a polluted wasteland) as well as being able to produce a visual masterpiece of a 'hood'. I haven't crashed once and am always on 80 fps (I have a mid-range pc). Over all, I rate this game a  8/10. However, I still can't find what produces roasted coffee!"
76561197973373312,Recommended,416210,28197156,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,xadiaz,I am enjoying this game.  Even it is on early access it is very playable and I see periodical updates.  A good and simple idea but also bring interesting challenges.  Do not regret paying the price asked for this game.
,Recommended,416210,22765237,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Aramyth,"This is a unique experience. If you like city simulators, then you will like Block'hood.  It's unique and has charm and requires that you plan your 'hood' before you start building in order to maintain a balance in resources.You will sink endless hours into this game."
,Recommended,416210,31819804,Posted: 18 May,all,SL7205,"I really like the visual and micromanagement of this game. Constaints and limitations are in great balance. And I totally love the story.However, for some reason my game froze during Chapter 5 of the story and the frame rate is dropped to unplayable level. This doesn't happened in other modes though..."
,Recommended,416210,25437166,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,D.Wilson,"This game is a lot of fun, and quite a challenge.  Obviously the game isn't finished, but it's easy to lose a few hours in a row playing it anyway.  Sandbox is a good time.  I wish it had a better grasp on what blocks will produce a certain thing.  For example, if you want to know what will produce Leisure, you have to hover over every block.  It'd be nice to indicate that you want to find Leisure-producing blocks and then have it show you just those blocks.  Also I would like to have more keyboard commands to make building easier.Also, what's with the Bamboo?  Once it goes in, I can never remove it.  It seems like a bit of a joke since bamboo is very hard to get rid of once you have it on your property, in real life."
76561198025830901,Recommended,416210,25437399,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,514Y3R,"Tentatively recommended because it is very much still in alpha and I probably wouldn't be terribly happy with it as-is if I'd bought it at full price rather than waiting for a sale. Pros: it's cute, relaxing, not terribly difficult, and a neat concept. Cons: gets boring pretty fast, the balance on some of the resource requirements and outputs is whack, and block decay gets real irritating real fast when you just want to mess around in sandbox and make an aesthetically pleasing 'hood.I do play it in fits and spurts and I'm looking forward to future developments, but it has a long way to go."
76561198081653172,Recommended,416210,22764927,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,EcoArchiTron,Amazing game. One of the best games for architects I've played
76561198201138895,Recommended,416210,29855283,Posted: 11 February,all,BReal,"Block'Hood is the game I imagine people in a Utopian future playing, surrounded by crisp, gleaming interiors at a desk that projects the game onto a space in front of the player. Because playing it is, I think, the 21st century version of a zen sand garden, trying to find harmony with nature through human interaction. These may seem like overly poetic descriptions, but the game asks for this kind of reverence and, I think, deserves it.The game is essentially SimCity with a sustainability focus, teaching the player about the interconnectedness of all things in a community (a ""block'hood""), from quantifiable resources like water and electricity to more abstract concepts like knowledge and leisure. For this reason, it doesn't simply reward growth, like the SimCity of my youth, which granted you gifts for hitting population milestones. Instead, Block'Hood rewards you with a tiny ecosystem, like a terrarium you can occasionally water but still get to watch thrive and grow.Granted, the game doesn't have to be played this way. The tutorials and challenges slowly introduce you to the myriad of approaches you can take to the game, giving you new resources to experiment with and learn about with very little risk for building, say, a bakery before you've planted enough wheat fields and labour to sustain the customers and revenue the bakery brings in. You just ""delete"" the bakery until you have the necessary supply chain ready, meanwhile probably realizing you don't yet have enough customers in your block for stable income anyway.I haven't completed the challenges or moved on to the ""sandbox"" mode yet, partly because the game is still technically in Early Access (meaning the developers are still tweaking things here and there). But the challenges (of which there are several) are short, relaxing, and rewarding, and more than once, I've booted up the game for a short 30-minute session and then headed off to bed, feeling sort of soothed.And I think this is the game's main draw for me."
,Recommended,416210,35091289,Posted: 20 September,all,Racial Tension,"Did you ever play the isometric city-planning game SIMtown? Take that principle, where you try to build a striving neighborhood (town) and instead of  spending money you balance the ecology around running the town and building the population. Did you ever play SIMtower, the game where you try to build a money-making superstructure that reached the heavens, all from a 2D window? Now take that and add SimCity (2015) style data maps and agents. Now throw in a pleasant minimalist visual style!This is the game EA should have made. It totally takes me back to the city-planning games of the 90's. AND HOLY CRAP, no BARBARIANS or WIZARDS of stupid medieval theme! I really hope that some sort of multiplayer world becomes available where friends can build neighborhoods alongside each other.Really though, this is the game I've been waiting for since SimCity 4."
,Recommended,416210,22829823,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,mognut,"This game is really fun and relaxing. Its really all about managing different resources for different buildings. Inputs to outputs etc. Really fun, really easy to learn but the challenges can be quite challenging at times.I would recommend this to anyone who likes managing resources as that is the core of the game."
76561198325245237,Recommended,416210,26123080,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,menubar,"My first attempt in sandbox mode ended in a cascading failure. Then I read about one third of the ""How To Sandbox"" tips in the community hub and it completely made sense!  Quick tips at the end of this review for those trying the game.There's a lot to be creative with. You can play where you are constantly involved in changing/adding things, or just sit back and watch your creation rotate while your green numbers go up and up. As a sandbox game fan, this is the most satisfying one I've played in over 2 decades of gaming. I give it a 10/10, as it hits all my criteria for a game I can suck at but still do something really creative. Great price too, for the amount of content and variety.A few tips for beginners...Even though you have money at the beginning, don't spend any until you start making more money. Start by using the pieces that don't need any $ input and place them on the edge of the map for accessability (so you don't waste money on pathways). Keep all the numbers in the stats green by paying attention to each pieces' input and output values."
,Not Recommended,416210,32441023,Posted: 15 June,all,isla,"I bought this as recommended fromarchdaily.com, a archirtecture website. having a background as an architecture student really makes me curious about this game.Pros:-An interesting ecosystem implemented in the game, like cycle of waste and the goods. really thirts-quenching for eco-friendly eco-hipsters out there who want to play a game.-its graphic are simple yet enhance spatial imagination.Cons:-At the last story mode, theres requirements to not have any single decay block. yet theres no shortcut to restore block.-The camera is somewhat uncomfortable for me, maybe because its a projection of isometric which i found its not quite my taste.-lack of depth. all i was doing is look at the resource numbers, watching them to minus, then build a right block to have it positive again. just that.-theres really not a punchline, something ultimate about this game beside an indie-hipsters graphic and a fun-but-lack of depth ecosystem mechanism.my personal suggestion:-having a more customized type of block looks, like maybe a small apt have a 3 difference look-i dont know if its not fit in this game concept or context, but a block combo (eg: corner apt+willow tree sitting side by side, makes a resource more driven) shoulda be considered.sorry for bad grammar"
76561198089365092,Recommended,416210,21761776,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Golden,"I have not played the game much, but I have done all the tutorials and the first two levels and so far this is one of the most fun, creative, cheap, and generally awesome games ever. Create complex facilitys, generate water and power, and build to your hearts content :)!"
,Recommended,416210,22632411,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,GasMask,Very relaxing and eco-friendly...
76561197995885503,Recommended,416210,27948609,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Barnacle Boy,"So i got to know this game at my university, the professor asked us to take a look at this piece ( i am studying architecture) to show us in a simple way what actually is needed. To be honest i dont like simulating games or something where u have to build a city, but somehow i liked  the way u could play it while watching a movie or drawing something!So for me it really is an awesome game."
,Not Recommended,416210,22834435,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Wunder_Blunder,"The concept seemed interesting, but as it stands I couldn't play the game due to two major details:1: The resources per second idea is flawed, as the game does not give you a handle on how something you'll put down will change the rate. It's a very trial and error thing.2: The camera is obstructive, and not easy to use. I could not quickly adjust it, and the lack of a free 3D view is just criminal.In summary, if I could give it a maybe instead of a no, I would; but right now it'll have to be a no. There's a good idea in there, but the execution needs work."
,Recommended,416210,21743292,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Tag Wolf,Beautiful! And pretty far along for an alpha. A few bugs and gameplay issues that I'm positive will be fixed. But the game overall is VERY playable as is.The fact that the developers waited to release until they got to this state speaks volumes for the potential of the final product.Pick it up!
,Not Recommended,416210,26763009,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Fooble,Dev's have left this game in a broken state (Sandbox does not save/load correctly) for over 1 month without a hotfix or roll back. In my opinion this is unnacceptable even for an early access indie dev game.
,Recommended,416210,22128345,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,JEAN-JACQUES ROUSSEAU,10/10 Would stack trees again.
76561197999754774,Recommended,416210,21897324,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Spice,"Early Access Review:Great game with a lot of potential. Solid foundation for a calm, pleasing building game. Excited to see how the game develops.PROS:Intuitive UIInteresting resource balancing conceptVery zen, meditative, pleasing.CONS:At the moment, lacks penalties and consequences for negative effects, somewhat limited in scope of building tools, though devs are supposedly adding more. Minor bugs and glitches. Sometimes elements can be frustrating or impossible to place.Requests for devs, if they read these.Please add...Railings/bordersCurved roads/more curved elements in general.Monetary/resource cost for element construction (with option to toggle on/off)Allow supports to be built on other elements, such as grass.Ability to hide upper levels, or view map by level.Free up the camera! Allow left right scrolling and free rotation.Will add other thoughts as they come up."
76561198031032841,Recommended,416210,24362944,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Janderol,Fun game with many options.
76561198002559682,Recommended,416210,31775668,Posted: 15 May,all,Bizon87,"A neat little game at a small price with good replay value. There are few bugs, not game-breaking at least on my PC, but they still limit the experience. It's a mix of SimCity with blocks and SimTower.Main limitations now are:- a limited number of blocks - it is supposed to be limitet at 3000 on a single hood, but I'm nearly sure it's actually limited at 800- no trade yet - this means you can't have everything on your map AND build the 'hoods' of your dreams.If the developers keep working on the game then it should still improve."
76561198114254681,Recommended,416210,33617950,Posted: 17 July,all,Bandito,Minimalistic yet difficult. a perfect game to relax with once you know the basics.
,Not Recommended,416210,31876669,Posted: 20 May,all,nukilar,freezes frequently and randomly
,Not Recommended,416210,32311084,Posted: 10 June,all,luis,There is too little space to build what you want.
,Not Recommended,416210,22945214,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,LimEJET,"I will probably be recommending this in a few updates, but not at the moment.I'm a fan of the simulation/production part of city builders (which this is VERY heavy on), so I will be keeping up with development. Unfortunately though, it's not very playable in its current state, so I can't recommend it.While conceptually interesting, the interface is still very clunky and unintuitive:There are no notifications or visualizations of everything working, so if a building isn't producing you'll have to click through its production chain to find why.The camera controls are very unintuitive and not mouse-based, so a hand on the keyboard or frequent menu-hopping is required.The isometric perspective, while neat, gives a pretty bad overview of the mostly vertical map. Only being able to rotate the camera in 90-degree steps doesn't help either.The controls in general are hard to get into, with one of the more egregious issues being that you have to hold the button down for a second or so to place a block, but the delete tool works instantly.Changing tools requires clicking in the interface, which is a bit weird since there are only like three in total. They could all be permanently bound to mouse buttons.The colour scheme, while nice and cheerful, does not help with identifying what cube does what. It's no issue for items with specific shapes (like windmills or water towers), but when you've built several offices/schools/apartments near eachother, they're a bit hard to distinguish.I think this can turn out great with a few quality-of-life changes, because the core of a great game is already here. All it needs is some more love, which it looks like it's getting. I have high hopes, but cannot recommend as of now."
76561198011499294,Not Recommended,416210,31844019,Posted: 19 May,all,spwrba,the Kotaku and Rock Paper Shotgun reviews are from 2015....Undergrown solar panelsToo much pollution does nothingToo much sickness does nothingInfinite space (just build up)Electricity is free(solar panels are free)Money is free(oil pump only need Electricity)water only costs money
76561198059620828,Recommended,416210,31808722,Posted: 17 May,all,Gryphon,"Familiar, resource-balancing, mechanics done well, dressed in the mosty beautiful graphic design I have seen in a game in a very long time. Crisp."
76561198210700649,Recommended,416210,31809060,Posted: 17 May,all,spl9696,very attractive gameespecially for those who studying arch and design major studentsGonna spend more and more time on this game!
,Recommended,416210,32360883,Posted: 12 June,all,Quazymoodo,"I have a lot of interest in city planning, so a game like this is crack to me. Great for anyone interested in learning about the basics of social administration/infrastructure careers."
76561198171462055,Recommended,416210,33895291,Posted: 29 July,all,Revanty,"So the thing that made me buy this game was the art style and how you could make amazing looking vertical structures that you could hardly imagine existing in real life.  The only issue is that it is really difficult to be creative when it comes to playing the economic mode, because of many different variables. I do like the free form mode though, because of how you can build whatever however you would llike. I find that the biggest thing that would have people playing the game for the longest amount of time is making free form pieces of art with all the different componenets that give the game a wonderful color and material pallet.If the developers of the game read these reviews, first off love the game, because I know making a game is by no stretch easy. Second off, here are some things I would like to see in the game to continue making me play it:- Make economic mode a bit more interactive, because right now it feels like you are only balancing a bunch of building blocks that don't move or change in any way, especially because the people and animals kind of just stand around and don't do anything. It would be pretty cool if this game was kind of like roller coaster tycoon 3, where the little people interacted with the different attractions and components of the park. If the animals and people could do something like that, like maybe if a person in blockhood liked coffee, he would frequently visit the coffee stand, and the people would sleep in their apartments at night. Stuff like that.- My favorite thing about blockhood is it's art style... there were a few pictures that i seen of the game which look like they were enhanced in some way shape or form. Could you guys add in first off different graphics qualities? like a performance mode, default mode, and quality mode? and also can we use that in-game screenshot feature to be able to render photos to make them look even prettier? like honestly i would love to make a blockhood world, render it and make it look beautiful, and then set it as my desktop background. If that became a feature then this game could also be used as an artist's studio! Oh, and also the reason why i said earlier about a performance mode being added is because I have a decent computer and I still have a serious lag issue with the game, getting around 10-30 fps most of the time.Thanks for listening!- Revanty"
,Recommended,416210,27818241,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Zarith,Now this is a trully original blocky voxel-perfect relaxing sandbox sim puzzle game.I'm really liking it despite being in early access yet .
76561198021840284,Not Recommended,416210,24287227,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Retromach,"For now, I can't recommend this game. The concept seems extremely promising, but there are a lot of bugs and errors still in the game that render it very difficult to play. That said, I'm looking forward to seeing how it develops in future."
,Recommended,416210,22551148,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Azaze,Very relaxing
76561198115069885,Not Recommended,416210,29567144,Posted: 29 January,all,airtoth,"I really like the concept of this game, but in practice the uneven balancing of the blocks' needs and oputputs make it almost impossible to play except in the free mode where blocks do not decay.To prevent decay, you need to satisfy each block's needs -- usually attributes such as water, electricity, money, labor, leisure, etc.  However because almost all the blocks have some needs (very few generate output without requiring any inputs), it's incredibly hard to strike the right balance of getting a neighborhood up and running before blocks begin to decay away."
,Recommended,416210,29756864,Posted: 6 February,all,unquietwiki [Reddit],"Intriguing concept. Nice to try to figure out how to make different pieces work together. Balancing the inputs and outputs is a bit of a struggle: the scenario maps, I will have to reload more than once to find a working solution. The music is soothing too."
76561198002189495,Recommended,416210,31756852,Posted: 14 May,all,rovaira2,"This game isn't like most games you've played. It has some nice relaxing music as you play. What do you do? It has elements of games like Simcity 2013 where you are building factory chains, and selling goods. Yes there is money in the game and it's fun to manage that, but it's also more than that. You have to manage the environment as well because people can protest, there can become to much polution, etc. There are elements of Sim Tower as well, but this game is pretty unique imo.You can plant trees, grow farms, and build things people enjoy which help the environment and your peoples happyness. The world size seems small, but there is the ability to increase it via menu options. In addition you build up and out as well.The building mode is pretty nice to use. The only downside I've seen so far is buildings can decay, but that's part of the fun as well.. You have to manage resources. Each object has certain needs. It also is a little hard to manage  sometimes as there are a lot of resources and if you don't watch it, your buidings will suddently decay one by one (depending on the needs of that building).I'd recommend this game if you like any of the elements I mentioned above. It'll definitely be one I come back to play often."
76561197980292794,Recommended,416210,31773107,Posted: 15 May,all,Sword_of_Light,"So, I'm going to give this game a Recommend with reservations.  I like the game, I'm continuing to play the game, and dont regret buying it.  I've recommended it to friends who like citybuilders.  This is a good game, with the potential to be a great game.  For a small game, its well done, reasonably functional, and different enough from other city-builders to be interesting - in other words, its not a SimCity clone.But it still needs work before I can really recommend it:The unsavable Story mode has to go.  Dont mind the story mode, but the chapters are so damn long that if you have a life outside computer games, you cannot complete one in a single sitting.  I have given up at Chapter 5, because I have better things to do than sit around waiting for animals to show up.  Why cant I save and come back to the story?There are no clear mechanisms for dealing with some problems: this game is in a modern setting, but air quality looks like Pittsburg in the 70's.  Risk goes ever upwards, and all you have to deal with it are streetlights and newspaper stands.  What?  The end result is that you might build a glowing futuristic arcology, that will always have smog and stiking workers.  Sorry guys, even Communist Worker Paradises have cops.There is no indication why level III and IV structures are inaccessable.  Only grayed out tabs.More tools.  Where are the Risk producers?  Where are the Graywater producers?  I can combat Sickness with Clincs, but I'd like to see what's producing Sick, maybe I can replace it with somehting else.The resource window needs to be organized - its not alphabetic, its not by  type, I'm looking for Water....and....its not even in the same spot I found it last time.  And Risk has entirely disapeared after hitting 1000.  Trend does not always correlate to amount - I had a positive trend of 2 point something in Groundwater, and all my trees dying off because the total keeps dropping.The game is not based in reality - I dont have a problem that it wears its politics on its sleeve, you think city=bad nature=good?  Odd philosophy for a citybuilder, but ok.  But it really doesnt even sim how to build a green community - a policy function would be in order.  The reason Pittsburg isnt as poluted as it was in the 70's was because of air quality laws, emission standards, etc.  This is just ""build green and everything works out"".  There is no upgrade for Garment Sweatshop, no ethical alternative  - you're either green and Marxist (and apparently naked), or you're an evil Captalist exploiting the oppressed workers.If you intend to use a wiki in leu of a manual, it shouldnt have as many stubs as it does post-release."
76561198042209381,Not Recommended,416210,31873398,Posted: 20 May,all,Toad,"I like architecture, and not many games out there tend to make architecture fun - but unfortunately this game doesn't either.The UI is horrible, the tutorial is poor, the missions are poorly designed and feel like a chore of crunching randomly generaed numbers. The creative mode is perhaps the only redeeming feature, but because of the clunky UI it is a struggle to build anything.It is a shame really. Minecraft is still way better if you want to try creative building (And I don't even like minecraft)."
,Not Recommended,416210,31874181,Posted: 20 May,all,pixels/that/breathe,"Camera controls were too clunky for me personally. Being as difficult as it was to get a good angle on things, it was considerably hard to place and remove items. I couldn't bother past level two."
,Recommended,416210,21754040,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Niko Fox,"Great small game for fun and quick matches or getting into it and expanding your little ""'Hood"" into a giant empire."
,Recommended,416210,22825221,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,y04chs405,Scandinavia simulator 2016
,Recommended,416210,21763406,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Cramat,Definitely fun and very intricate. For people who like planning intense games such as the ANNO series this will be a nice little challenge.
76561198119603056,Recommended,416210,28565188,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Atomic_Beverage,10/10 learned more about ecology than I did in all of 7th grade science.Sad but true.
,Recommended,416210,21761308,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,TaterTot,This is an amazing game. The music is relaxing and enjoyable. I love how there certain componets that needs to work together to make it successful. I think its simple and fun! Also addicting.Thank You for making this game for me to enjoy! I hope you all will enjoy the game as much as I do.Thanks!
76561198069809655,Recommended,416210,21756372,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,erickambestad,"Been waiting for this for a while and I am not disappointed.  This is a fantastic idea and a great implementation of it.  Really enjoying this, highly recommended!"
76561198088307505,Recommended,416210,21759979,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Reaping Blade122,Beautiful game. That's all I have to say
76561198006392678,Recommended,416210,24658137,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Plissken,The white loading screen is perfect for reminding me to clean my monitor.
,Recommended,416210,21763109,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,ManOfSomeNote,"I am having a sweet little time with this game.It has a few of the same qualities that made Mini Metro such a great game; attempting to maintain a synergy and a balance as you build this ever-more complex network of pieces that is constantly threatening to crumble underneath you.There's a greater sense of creativity, I think, than Mini Metro had; sure, you're playing with that ""gamer"" mentality of trying to max out all your stats as efficiently as possible, but there's also a whole heap of scope for some great creativity to your design.Many of these building sim-type games allow you to pause your game while you plan out a whole building that will be built before your eyes as soon as you unpause: not Block'hood! This means that your apartment will be constantly falling apart around you if you can't keep up with the new requirements that each addition brings to your block. I've seen a couple of complaints about this, but I think it's a great design choice, and helps maintain a healthy tension between an arcade-like juggling of needs, and your desire to take your time as you design to your heart's content.I have noticed a few rough edges in the UI, but Block'hood has only just been released in Early Access, so it's understandable at this stage. Just little niggles like menu options occasionally disappearing as you try to mouse over to them, or the placement of blocks being slightly unclear, but they're minor issues, or infrequent enough that they don't really detract from the experience."
76561198274251899,Not Recommended,416210,33241038,Posted: 4 July,all,Kukena,I hate this becuase you cant make the perfect place my things kept breaking and the game wouldnt help there are no gaming wikis that will help that are truley  useful. Its downright confusing
76561198083392682,Recommended,416210,22865825,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Carpe Diem,Bought due to Steam's recommendation.Stayed due to fantastic BGM.It's good in its own way.
76561198301072921,Recommended,416210,22698393,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,vincenzo.perciavalle,"Awesome game, but it NEEDS to be uptaded for the Mac's Retina Display."
,Recommended,416210,25408242,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,AutumnWindz,Blocks interact in cool ways.
,Recommended,416210,21778534,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,ingeniousclown,"block'hood is a relaxing city-builder (or neighborhood builder I guess) with a charming blocky aesthetic and a potential for some really impressive looking structures.  This city builder differentiates itself from the pack by making it more about resource management than anything else.By my count, block'hood has (at the time of reviewing this) about 96 different things you can build to produce resources.  Unlike most games where you build stuff, you don't require the resources at the time of building, rather they're required to output their resources.  Because of this you can rearrange your city as much or as often as you please, as long as you constantly have input for any given building, or it will DECAY!In my time with the game I didn't find anything antagonistic, so it really seems to be just about planning and executing.  If that's something you enjoy, and if you're happy with a secondary goal of making something as beautiful as it is self-sustainable, then you'll probably really love this game.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uANeCBnrya0"
76561198011175636,Recommended,416210,21779503,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,coleslaw,"A simple game that grows in complexity as you expand, all presented in a unified aesthetic. Gameplay is intuitive and allows complete freedom of creativity. Can't wait to see how this game evolves. Definitely recommend it for $10."
76561198267322415,Recommended,416210,21780275,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,benjamingelderman,"I bought this game on the second day of Early Access. I found about this title from a Youtube advertisement. I was immediately impressed. I love the blocky graphics, and it is cool how all the blocks depend on eachother. I downloaded the game, and started playing. It was great! The only problem I have with it is the writing. The white text is extremely hard to read, and when you are zoomed in on Inspect or Data modes it is hard to read the bottom bar. Otherwise, great game, and I hope that these developers make more updates."
76561198055635448,Not Recommended,416210,24307136,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Etyler,"For such a complex game the tutorial is pretty useless. It explains a few controls, few if any of what you're supposed to do, and then it sets you loose. Some might like that but I just get stuck not being able to do anything without a domino affect destroying everything within minutes. The game could be great after a point but I'm still struggling to get to that point, wherever it is."
76561198035085888,Recommended,416210,23820926,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Fish Dish,"AMAZING GAME! When i first bought this game, i played for 4 hours straight and didnt even bother to do homework. This game is so addicting! After a while you feel like you dont want to play it anymore but when you do, you still squeeze out some enjoyment! Overall 9.3/10"
,Recommended,416210,28210523,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Pineapple [D 4 DRAGON],"Really fun and relaxing game.£7 might seem like a lot for a Greenlight game, but hey, for some reason, it's always on sale!Only one problem for me so far... from about 00:00 midnight to about 8am the fps drops from 70 down to 15... Dunno what it is."
,Recommended,416210,31103065,Posted: 12 April,all,Bogpin,"Very Good Game.I don't really see any problems.UI is a little wonky, but it's already starting to be improved.Beautiful game."
,Recommended,416210,24723849,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Sensual Lettuce,"An urban planning game with amazing potential. Unlike something like SimCity or Cities: Skylines, Block'hood is about designing neighborhoods, not entire cities. Everything is interconnected, like population, water supply, electricity, labor force and so on, so construction is a precarious balance. The game is very difficult, but Zen-like. Recommended!"
,Recommended,416210,24523764,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Becca,Difficult game to get into but really fun and challenging when you get your head round it!
,Recommended,416210,22914546,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,geN7,"Great concept. Mechanics are so far very balanced with all the buildings and resources. However, I would greatly appreciate a larger map."
76561198012323143,Recommended,416210,22951144,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Et Cete,"i am seldom to write a reviews, but i am really love this game, calm and beautiful and logical. if you like builder game ,you must try."
,Recommended,416210,31782274,Posted: 15 May,all,Tyrannical Taco,"Love the concept. A few things are clunky, though. The major issue I have with this game is that the resource trends do not account for passive resource inputs. So your resource trend could be negative, but it says that it's positive! Fix this, please. Also, the camera controls take some getting used to. Other than those two things, the game is fun. If you like micromanagement, this game is for you."
,Not Recommended,416210,31864987,Posted: 20 May,all,phrontisteries,"I keep trying to play this game.I love the premise but some ""features"" make this game unplayable.The most annoying feature which is why I'm writing this review and and setting this as NOT recommended is that every time you place a block it starts the timer.Please deactivate this.I understand how this game works, make harmoney with inputs and outputs.This is quite a clever game, but unplayable because of this.There are a few other things I'd change to make gameplay easier, but since the interface needs a complete overhaul, I'm thinking the developers already know.If the developers want to know every quirk that sets this game back and into a NOT recommend category, please contact me and I can give you a tour of why it's clunky and inefficient... for a game that is trying to teach efficiency."
,Recommended,416210,22865184,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,xuedi,"Quite fun even in th early stages, it can be quite challanging ... same category as banished ..."
,Recommended,416210,32191891,Posted: 4 June,all,[AP]_XisZ,i love it
76561198041550897,Recommended,416210,22853525,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,blueimpb,"Great game!  It has surprising depth and it's intuitive.  The tutorials are slightly buggy but they're still easy to get through, and the game itself is very solid for an EA game.  If you like Anno-style games where you need to manage inputs, outputs, and the arrangement of things then you'll immediately love this game."
,Recommended,416210,31986552,Posted: 26 May,all,ℂ𝕒𝕟𝕕𝕪,"It needs some work and more block updates, but otherwise it's super fun."
,Recommended,416210,21921326,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,drgummybears,Really Good Game
,Recommended,416210,31797414,Posted: 16 May,all,Wilson,"I really enjoy this game, but it could use some more features. For example a search or sorting feature would be greatly appreciated. The story could use a skipping feature for the cut scenes as it is a very short amount of text but stays for a while. An organization feature for the list of current statues on money, water, co2, etc. Other than that the game looks and plays very nice."
,Recommended,416210,21764943,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,ozi,10/10 my buildings are about to decay.
76561198025076015,Not Recommended,416210,32103921,Posted: 1 June,all,lolatbob,"Game looks good and has some neat mechanics.It is however lacking depth, and while this would be fine for me because I like building things, the game has crashed 3 times for me, and since it doesn't have any form of auto-save, I have lost 3 towns. Currently I would not recommend, perhaps in the future when the developer adds more features and fixes the crashes it'll be worth the price."
76561198206363899,Recommended,416210,29437586,Posted: 22 January,all,Yourmomsaguy,Very pleasing to the eye with the beautiful textures fun and addicting I would recommended
,Recommended,416210,29827648,Posted: 10 February,all,nex2god,Good concept. looking for progress.Online mode might add more gameplay.Recommend.Maybe wait for a sale.
76561198056709869,Not Recommended,416210,31734849,Posted: 13 May,all,pi,"Really enjoy building games like Cities Skyline, Banished, Minecraft etc. but this is somehow too tedious. Found it too boring."
,Recommended,416210,31737626,Posted: 13 May,all,Proxy,"Kowloon walled city simulator. Liked it a lot.Just don`t pause the game(Esc) for long or it will crash, lol"
,Recommended,416210,29260005,Posted: 14 January,all,Krydoza,"An intersting combination of City Builder and Resource Management game on a smaller scale.  While still in Early Access, the game is well worth your time and money in it's current state.Game modes include Challenge,  Sandbox, and Tutorial (make sure that you go through the Tutorial).  In Challenge mode, you will be tasked to meet certain milestones while only having access to certain blocks.  In Sandbox mode, you will have free access to all blocks and can play in Ecology mode where you have to follow the resource/decay rules, or Free Form mode where all resource/decay rules are disabled.Honestly, I tried playing the game without going through the Tutorial and was completely lost.  So I can't stress enough that you should go through the tutorial before playing, unless you've been watching Let's Play videos before hand."
76561198056304084,Recommended,416210,31702296,Posted: 12 May,all,Pelethites,"Such a relaxing game, been playing it on and off since I came across it by chance so I've seen the changes that have been implemented. Now that it's complete there's no reason to hold off on purchasing it if you've been on the fence. Design elements are all on the money and it makes a familiar yet different style of builder.If there's a bansai tree quivalent of city builders then this is definitely it and keeping the elements in balance is a rewarding challenge."
76561198007009305,Not Recommended,416210,23357505,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,AuzzieDevil,"I have tried several times to understand this game. I get the numbers right but still everything dies on me. It makes no sense at all. Therefore it is no fun.  It is very frustrating when you have built a structure and everything equals out or negates itself out with the correct structures and the right amount of structures only for it to all start flashing red and then collapsing. I get so frustrated that I just kill the entire game and get out of it. It is also very slow to rotate the building, I want it instant, and it is so slow that when you get around to the problem block it is already too late. There are a lot of icons that I don’t understand and that don’t make any sense. You could have more of a resource needed to run a building and yet that building still dies, you create even more of the needed resource to fill the needs of the block and yet it still dies?The tutorial is useless and doesn’t make it any more understanding to learn this game. It’s a waste of time and money.I am confused as to why there are over 80% of people that enjoy the game. What am I doing wrong, How do they make it fun and enjoyable?Like I said I have tried several times, in fact over 5 hours of trying to work out this game which I think Is quite a reasonable amount of time to try and figure a game out. Obviously I want to like this game but until there’s a much clearer guide or tutorial. I won’t come back to it.Perhaps it is that the game is still not complete and it is bugs causing issues on the certain levels I have played either that or it just a bad game. When they release the game I will give it another shot. I really hope that all these bugs and issues are fixed.What I like about the game and what has kept me wanting to give it a shot is the graphics. Each block is simple and yet when you start to build a structure and after many blocks have been placed it is really beautiful. It is a very creative idea and non-stop action especially for a building game. It keeps you on your feet trying to create a huge building. It’s not overcomplicated and from what I can see should be quite easy to choose the tile you need to create a running structure.When they have fixed the bugs and issues and provide a better tutorial and guide as to what all the icons mean, I cannot recommend this game. If you are one of the 80% of people who reviewed this game then congratulation to you. I wish I could be one too."
76561198108482672,Not Recommended,416210,26102412,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,hboy3,"It was priced at £4.68. Bought it and changed to £6.99????The game is useless. I keep getting a glitch where anytime I hover my mouse over a menu option, the game keeps clicking and wont open the actual menu boxes.I feel it would be a brilliant game, but I cant recommend yet."
,Not Recommended,416210,31740970,Posted: 13 May,all,Tianshee,"Core mechanics are much much simpler than what you may expect after watching trailer. IU is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. It looks unfinished. And I think this is mobile port. I expected simple simulator but it was far from what I expected. I don't even know how to call this. Steam recommended it to me because it's ""similar"" to Infinifactory. Oh, dear Gaben, why Infinifactory?When I saw how small map is, I expected there is complex cellular automata somewhere inside this game. I thought agents are doing something usefull. They are not. Everything is fake. Cells don't really interact with each other, they interact with global array of resources. Agents are just decoration, you don't need them at all. Maybe this game was better before but devs ""optimised"" everything away.But it's usefull if you want to teach your 5 years old kid some simple math and ecology basics.Недоделанная головоломка для умственно отсталых, криво портированная с мобильника. Возможно, на момент выхода в ранний доступ игра была лучше, а на данный момент деградировала до уровня тех, кто в неё играет. Я предполагаю, отдельный хардкорный режим со старой механикой, требующий больших вычислительных ресурсов компа и пользователя, оставлять не стали, чтобы не обижать интеллектуальное большинство. Дурака в мире мобильных ""головоломок"" любят, о нем заботятся, его оберегают. Молодец дурак, складывай свои кубики на планшете,  играй в игры на мейл ру, но стим удали, пожалуйста, он от тебя тупеет."
,Recommended,416210,33966478,Posted: 2 August,all,Sarutobi Champion is Gulpit,Too serious to be a game.Better to be some kind of gamificated toy model for some ecological architecture MScs.7/10
,Recommended,416210,21826607,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Majokko Mv-chan,"Updated 6/27/2016 ~ 212 hoursUpdated 4/20/2017 ~ 763 hoursUpdated 7/8/2017 ~ 1,222 hoursUpdates 9/14/2017 ~ 2,098 hoursThanks for Plethora-Project for making a game thats both cute and frustrating. This has to be by far the best game i have ever played in early access. it plays as a build a world, block game, with cute artwork, and a simple concept. but then you get thrown with money, resources, weather, detereoration, knowing how things work and effect each other, and so much more. this game is great! cant wait for trading cards and badges.~~~~~update 1~~~~~~~iv started to play this less, but i havent stopped playing it, its really good and i highly reccomend it, and if u cant afford it but have steam items u can trade for it by adding me~~~~update 2~~~~~~~~~its an ok game~~~~update 3~~~~~~~~~please send help~~~~update 4~~~~~~~~~Death is really the only option left"
76561198044361905,Not Recommended,416210,22073961,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Lucidly Awake,"-Gameplay is slow, bland and repetitive-Tutorials offer no leeway-You have to navigate a few menus just to see your resources and trends-There are no visuals to show you how your doing, such as people-Everything aside from a few builds are completely staticThe game had an interesting idea, you have a small property and you need to build up to make the most of it, but it's just a pain and isn't worth any enjoyment."
,Not Recommended,416210,22840274,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Cryptique,"This game is very interesting. What I mean by that is that realism applies very well and it can be used in concept for school projects in the idea of sustaining the enviroment. The thing is it can get really irratating, such as buildings can easily get abandoned or destroyed if not thinking it through (this bugs me a lot!) I would like to see in the future a mode where you can creatively build without anything causing effect. I bought this game because I love architecture and maybe you can apply that more to it than just sustaining the enviroment; that will also benefit this game because then a whole larger target audience will open up.  Overall in general I think this game has great potential, but please create different modes so people can enjoy it more (it's very boring, I would say it's in the middle of good and bad)Basically:-AT THE MOMENT IT CAN BE IMPROVED SO MUCH MORE-PLEASE DO FREE SANDBOX MODE, where nothing applies... meaning that the buildings won't be destroyed if lacking electricity, water etc. For creativity."
,Recommended,416210,24248742,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,PAY4CRASH2,"addictive, worth waiting for final productedit: best simulator i have ever played"
,Recommended,416210,31472583,Posted: 30 April,all,Jim,"If you like minimalism, building stuff, managing resources andachievements that don't work properlywhat are you waiting for?(Pssst, story mode coming soon, just saying)"
,Not Recommended,416210,33768997,Posted: 24 July,all,Karis_1,"The game still needs some improvement. The controls and the perspective are weird and the tutorial doesn't explain too much aswell, there is way too few space for building (in the tutorial) and you can't really place everything so it looks beautiful. I've only played one hour and refunded it, so I don't know what would happen else in storymode, but I can already guess it. Unfortunately it wasn't really touching for me in the 3rd stage."
76561198136076645,Recommended,416210,28496072,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Trevistheturtle,An incredibly interesting game with a fun and unique style
76561198124390319,Recommended,416210,28213269,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,verdi73,Very fun and relaxing game and love the graphics
76561198062408284,Recommended,416210,31760939,Posted: 14 May,all,TalkingPickle,"Very cool game, requires planning and thought on the more dificult levels.  Only issue I found was that the ui often didn't clip to the areas I wanted it too.  Really fun concept, and totally worth the <$10."
76561198065692068,Recommended,416210,31761304,Posted: 14 May,all,Manglo,"I love this game.its fun and well worth the price. if you like simulation, stratagy or city builder games that you can be creative with and look beautiful then you shoould get this game."
76561198002054454,Recommended,416210,22848144,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,peak oil,this game is alot of fun give it a go
76561198376459450,Recommended,416210,31935800,Posted: 24 May,all,mmabowdie,block hood is cool because you get to design your own world and its 3d ITS SICKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK
,Recommended,416210,28136725,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Bill Tetley,Very fun for what it is.  Feels similiar yet so different to Project Highrise.
,Not Recommended,416210,29131427,Posted: 8 January,all,guyal,"For a game intending to teach about urban space planning, its horribly non-transparent and thus too frustrating to play through the challenges. Also, the components, inhabitant types and inputs and outputs don't seem in any way geared towards ""seeing the neighborhood as a living organism"". Seems like some semi-random design choices sprinkled on top of some standard city building IO mechanics (this thing needs a power source, that thing produces power)"
76561198066671422,Recommended,416210,31789363,Posted: 16 May,all,Triggerxxscopes,Great GameIve played the game for 2 hours now and i really enjoy every aspect this game has.From the simply graphics to the building this game is just great.This isnt the kind of game i usually tend to play but i really like this.The only downside to this game for me is the placing some of the blocks takes a while like the grass blocks.But other then that this game is great and for the price is perfect too.Give it a try!
,Recommended,416210,24786589,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Jeff's Left Nipple,This is a fun little puzzle game. You get to learn the causes and effects of different items in the game. The build a neighborhood gameplay doesn't fit as they describe it. I bought it on sale for dirt cheap and its worth it at that. 3/10 but if its cheap buy it.
,Recommended,416210,30912654,Posted: 2 April,all,SamTheGamer39,The only reason I don't the game is because there is very little space to build in (I know it's supposed to be one of the challenges but the sky limit?) and how hard it truly is to make a eco city. But I do like how well this game was thought out and how every little thing serves a purpose. I would love to see how the world type will work when you can share resources.
76561197990635439,Recommended,416210,31434334,Posted: 29 April,all,a9249,"Great potential, extremely complex. Some better data-views would be nice to see linkages, dev..."
,Recommended,416210,31733110,Posted: 13 May,all,Daimo,"Charming game, very much like vertical simcity - or simtower 3D."
76561198035447766,Recommended,416210,22846492,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Zir,"It is an amazing game, however I have to say I am a bit disappointed that you are limited to a maximum number of blocks of 700. This MUST be taken out from the game (unless there are technical reasons for that) as it adversly affects the novelty.I think I shelve this for now and wait till new buildings are coming out as it's getting a bit boring building the same type of buildings.Other then above, it's an awesome game..."
76561198172774145,Recommended,416210,30175613,Posted: 25 February,all,0.To.60.In.4.5,had my eye on this for ever no regrets amazing game
76561198179342283,Not Recommended,416210,22844029,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Ingre,"Sometimes too easy and sometimes too hard, graphic is fine, but unimaginative, repetetive gameplay, short and repetetive sound track, no story, clinical (not funny, not scary, not dramatic, not <many other emotional things>), controls could be better (placing/replacing tiles is tedios), time waster.This game has absolutely nothing to offer!PS: And it's not relaxing at all, because of the tedios controls and bad repetetive sound track, that you can not disable."
76561198136133857,Recommended,416210,31712598,Posted: 12 May,all,straya,this game is beutiful i love it to bits just try it you have to be creative it is a amzaing concept if your on the fence just buy it it is a beutiful game lots of work would of went in to the game
,Not Recommended,416210,31755616,Posted: 14 May,all,AutisticPanda69 hellcase.com,"the game is literally one big tutorial, not even good. I only bought it because it was on sale and i regret it. I would not recomend this game just buy city skylines"
,Recommended,416210,32731904,Posted: 24 June,all,HIGA2,"You basically have to quickly build the next building to keep production/resources balanced, just to build another block to unbalance the whole thing and so on..Thats not funny, and its pretty easy when you get the hang of it.Despite all this ""flaws"", its a must play if you are into this kind of game (see Anno, etc)"
76561197970606429,Recommended,416210,21755752,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Will G,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qk4oxGAbsXAThis is going to take some time to master but certainly looks very promising with what is there already. Graphics are clean and sounds/music are nicely made.I go through some of the tutorials in the above video if you want to see for yourself.
76561198202355880,Not Recommended,416210,31814306,Posted: 17 May,all,Blackbeard3002,It has the worst UI I have ever seen
,Recommended,416210,31829925,Posted: 18 May,all,FlameRaptor125,"Great game, stunning graphics and with the new update i would recomend"
76561198016746046,Recommended,416210,24264110,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,GloomwaR,Deep game wrap around in a zen environment. I call it SimHood. Get it!
76561198262559849,Not Recommended,416210,32029871,Posted: 28 May,all,initial donger,There's a reason most of the reviews haven't clocked more than 4-8 hours on what's supposed to be a time sink construction game
,Not Recommended,416210,26058917,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,wdavid4,"I want to like this... I do. Perhaps my review will change later if things improve, but for  now the decay mechanic and the way some of these challenges are built. It's not fun. Love the soundtrack, though."
,Recommended,416210,27573730,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Redrusty66,"Awesome and unique buildder. very in-depth, healthy learning curve, gem of a game IF it continues. Certainly worth the price and I could see many 100's of hours making hoods. However, as you may see, from other reviews, things have been a tad quiet. A critical bug has been left untouched ofr a month, with not alot of presence of the devs. Still an awesome unique idea if it doesn't become abandoned scam-bait like so very many EA games. Very deserving of a postive but I will be watching, and if things begin to look shady imma change this to a Neg."
76561198048048796,Recommended,416210,31725221,Posted: 13 May,all,kierankent,good game
,Recommended,416210,31692563,Posted: 11 May,all,ASHarwood,"Haven't played a lot so I haven't experienced everything it has yet.  Went to play sandbox just to play around and it is definitely a complex game.  There are a ton of resources to manage.  I mean a ton.  First there are the natural resources to manage.  From ground water, water, oil, crops, etc.  You have to manage the people's needs so they are happy.  You have to manage electricity, all kinds of things.  It is an interesting similulator so to speak.  Also, many things you build need a system setup.  You can't just put a beer manufacturing plant somewhere and make beer.  You have to have the wheat, then the wheat processing, then the beer manufacturing.  There are many systems similar.  If you want electronic devices you need all the required pieces like oil and manufacturing before you can start making electronics.  If you want to make clothes it's the same.  You need all the pieces.  It is fun trying to manage all of this.  There is also corrosion of pieces which I haven't really experienced much of yet.  There are four building menus that offere the different types of things to build.  Each menu has four tabs.  So far only two of those tabs are filled with a 4x6 of pieces you can build.  There is a lot to build.  I can only imagine the list will grow with pieces. I look forward to seeing how much more they add.  Very fun game."
76561198218904260,Recommended,416210,24271408,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,10032,"Pretty good, The UI though really need improvement"
76561198066521631,Not Recommended,416210,31746868,Posted: 14 May,all,Destiny,The vertical building aspect of the game is so cumbersome that it kills the whole game.How am I suppose to have fun building verticaly if the UI is so clunky.Great game if you play on a flat surface.
76561198120597552,Recommended,416210,22405965,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Toothpaste,"Really, really frustrating. All I wanna see in the future is some serious balancing and the ability to disable decay in sandbox. Btw, I only put yes because it's easier for me to click. Not sure if I would or would not reccomend..."
,Recommended,416210,31498032,Posted: 1 May,all,yellowsky16,very cool - very relaxing - i look fwd to playing it alot.  i wish it would be compatible w/ controller though instead of keyboard only...
,Recommended,416210,24263901,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,dogbog,I spam solar panels and wells until my problems go away
76561198088477302,Recommended,416210,29902357,Posted: 13 February,all,This be ken,You may enjoy it
76561198046538204,Not Recommended,416210,28150019,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Stellwing👻,Saves Doesn't work and the stupid decay feature persists in sandbox mode. Do NOT touch this game right now just wait untill it gets some sense worthy updates. Basicly unplayable.
76561198154964744,Not Recommended,416210,35058107,Posted: 18 September,all,roboapplejack,"I don't like this game at all. The atmosphere of the game is Fantastic and all, But I don't think the turtorial tells you much how to play the game. I done the whole turtorial and it was confusing, now trying to do sandbox...I have no clue what to do, to not make my stuff go decay. I jut got a headache from playing this game, 100 percent confuisng. But the story mode was awesome and Lovely and all. I just think the game is way to confusing. Just gonna give it a dislike until I can figure things out. If I can't still find out how to play it I might just leave it at a dislike"
,Not Recommended,416210,23211470,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,WildGoose,"The controls are really glitchy, especially when trying to select blocks that are under blocks you've already placed. This makes the game borderline-unplayable. It's an unintuitive experience at best. It really looks like a fun game, but my experience was really disappointing as the game itself is too bugged to even play."
76561198168127312,Recommended,416210,26565956,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Phoenix222,"still one of my all time faves!! I dunno... it just has that certain ""something"" for me. It's different and innovative and great for the price! =)"
,Recommended,416210,26674489,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,DoubleCakes,A very comfy construction game with a very important message!
,Recommended,416210,24926429,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,"pretty gay, like pretty pretty",i have no ♥♥♥♥ign idea what is even going on but it sounds really nice and looks pretty as ♥♥♥♥
76561198042019521,Not Recommended,416210,29769767,Posted: 7 February,all,genesis9853,Not very fun and too complicated to get really addicted to it.
,Recommended,416210,31821433,Posted: 18 May,all,ZipZapZoe,"Great concept, would be really fun if it weren't for the bad camera movement.I would recommend everyone to try this, it wouldn't take you more than 2 hours to figure out whether you like it or not.As for me, after 40 mins of gameplay I'll be refunding it :)"
,Not Recommended,416210,32360890,Posted: 12 June,all,Kanna Kamuro,Too few blocks!Still too few blocks to finish update!
,Recommended,416210,21746314,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,ItsZyad,This game has amazing potential for the future to come and i am glad to be one of the first people to say this about it although things like the controls and the overall mechanics of things like decay can be cluncky sometimes i personally think that we should look at filled half of the cup this game has the perfect balance of creativity and micromanagment and strategy i think with a little bit of tweaking it can grow into something greatgood job plethora!
,Recommended,416210,22816695,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,UwU,Very good
,Not Recommended,416210,22622524,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Cliffracer666,"The concept seems exciting, but the game is not."
76561198052106776,Recommended,416210,28109524,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,ginzk,"First of all, thanks very much for the hard work. And haters are just gonna hate, some ppl just don't get it so please just don't mind. Keep going to stick with what you guys believe.Secondly, I saw the Trello board of this game. Really lookforward to what u guys can come up with. However, maybe just try to avoid over designing or developing it? it's good to have something great but it's very difficult to please everyone. The simplicity of this game is also a very great factor among the experience.Last, I really enjoy the game and please let people know if u guys need any helps on design/dev. I'm sure there are always someone in the community (like me) who would love to help and contribute. :)"
76561198312999735,Not Recommended,416210,24306943,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,rnhouse,Freezes alot and it's overly complicated. I regret buying this game. It sucks.
,Recommended,416210,24108320,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,frnku,that's love
76561197972636156,Recommended,416210,26643219,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Kieme(ITA),"A true gem, a great concept."
,Not Recommended,416210,28211289,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,(ง ° ل͜ °) ง,"Friend bought me this game. It was alright, until I ran into the fact that my STEEL BEAMS were decaying in around 10-15 minutes. Save yourself some money.(Sorry Mark, this game was just bad. I'm not paying you back.)"
,Recommended,416210,31684298,Posted: 11 May,all,THIS IS SPARTA,Amazing
76561198109185685,Recommended,416210,31686032,Posted: 11 May,all,Peter Lion,I highly recommend this game.
76561198187079338,Not Recommended,416210,28532682,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,TooMuchInfo,Would be a great game if the devs would allow us to change the font and background color. But their refusal to add this feature is the only reason I can't recommend this game. Horrible to try to read anything with the white text on light blue background.
,Recommended,416210,31707412,Posted: 12 May,all,Beardy,"There's a boar in this game, who can talk.snor/20"
,Recommended,416210,31787427,Posted: 16 May,all,WoundedKnee,E C O P U N K
,Not Recommended,416210,31798330,Posted: 16 May,all,neutrino,refunded because it's poorly optimised and the idea was not executed very well.
76561198032858683,Not Recommended,416210,33709888,Posted: 21 July,all,P U G P A R T Y,"This game was fun to play for a few hours, but it appears to have been abandoned by the dev."
76561198161616685,Recommended,416210,34220369,Posted: 13 August,all,PiGGIE,Pure sandbox8/10
,Not Recommended,416210,22105032,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,VDG,"Can't even finish the tutorials without the gaming freezing/hanging/crashing. I had to forcibly shut down my computer just to exit the game. I'm on Windows 10 with 30GB of RAM, 1TB of Hard Drive space, and a CUDA enabled NVidia Graphics card with it's own 2GB of RAM. I can't even get the game to play to even given an honest review of the actual game play."
76561198095545366,Not Recommended,416210,24298267,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Bleach Drinker,"Awfull, I do everything right and I can't even get any people to work to keep everything running. Nothing works in this."
,Not Recommended,416210,31728717,Posted: 13 May,all,Cartof,This game seems so bad put together that even OBS does not want to capture it..
,Not Recommended,416210,22838298,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,theslomps,there are a lot of options. that can be good but when forggoten you will have to go back to the tutorial over and over. is there a better way?
76561198263072643,Not Recommended,416210,22054014,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Coven_Witch,i dont understand this game... ive played much simpler sandbox games
,Not Recommended,416210,21778919,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Sapphire,"Very good game keep in mind, but for most people i would not recomend buying yet, as it has not enough content, This is a good game and i know its not full but i would not recccomend buying yet."
,Recommended,416210,22827408,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,El Oshcuro,Much city build. Very zen. Wow.
,Recommended,416210,34251705,Posted: 15 August,all,Igneus Tempus,A management game. I like it. You kind manage like a big appartment in a way. My scoregameplay 7/10graphics 7/10sounds 7/10Summary 21/30
76561198260564181,Not Recommended,416210,26738669,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Miss Me 102,The game is hard to play also there really isn't a point. When I play this game I have nothing to work towards without any acheviements. It is an all around boring game with a lot of complex parts to it.
76561198195897275,Not Recommended,416210,26044441,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,danlr19592,can not play with every thing going bad      why does all things decay when you have all things in place     water ok elect ok labor ok air ok biowaste ok     why
76561198216720441,Not Recommended,416210,26585104,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,aurena,The UI is terrible.  The process of selecting blocks and placing them is totally broken.  Don't waste your money.
,Not Recommended,416210,22850933,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Ryoco Wn.,very beautiful              so much zenwowso beautiful                                                   so beautifulsuch zen                     good Scandinavian
76561198035101267,Not Recommended,416210,31714493,Posted: 12 May,all,starsoulsoup,"Unplayable.  Couldn't get past the first screen of the tutorial, as it insisted I have a mouse wheel available."
,Not Recommended,416210,35057777,Posted: 18 September,all,ronderp,nah
,Recommended,416210,24294968,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,ＭacKH,"the graphic is really nice; I went straight to sandbox after intsalling this game. After I built a few blocks, I found I was lost because there is no clear objective for me and I didn't know what to do, what to build. I got bored after playing for a while and there was nothing change in the game. I hope there is something interesting. Ya, it will be better if my place can have more ""people"". Anyway, this is a good game if you like the graphic, like creating your world and...like to memorise the ""chain""."
76561198052471232,Recommended,416210,24321971,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,brutaldeluxe09,"I've only played for a couple of hours and I already know that I love this game based on the fact that it felt as though I'd played for 10 minutes, I was completly absorbed.  It has a high mechanical level of detail where the gameplay is almost in the form of a puzzle with everything you do having an impact on whatever else is happening at the time. It's on the surface quite a simple game but I sense that that there will be alot to come the more I progess. If you are a fan of Cities Skylines as I am but like me you become a little tired of almost purely sandbox nature of the gameplay then this will definatly scratch an itch that you may have burning."
,Recommended,416210,24311170,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Pyrofunto,"A pretty good game even in alfa. It is a nice relaxing game where you need to be carefull about your resources but also about the space that you have, I think there is a brigh future behind this game once it will be released."
,Recommended,416210,24280652,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,That_One_JoeyClaire,Although i recommend this game it is very well hard when you are just starting i haven't gotten down the decay system yet... it's fairly hard10/10 Oh god plz help
,Recommended,416210,23278081,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,ラビアンローズ,Nice chill out game with some good challenges. Great presentation.
,Recommended,416210,23360595,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,omony,"Very stylish and challenging sandbox puzzle. You are always between stable growth and decay. Sometimes I feel like I need a cooler for my brains. It's stable and looks finished, so don't be scared by ""early access game""."
76561198215272161,Recommended,416210,23246792,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,pleta757,I really like this game. Fun to actually make a vertical world that only existed in my ideas. However I really wish the later updates include giving more flexibility the view point. I want to look at the blocks from any angle not only in diagnal view points
,Recommended,416210,24717762,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,ABialecki,Beautiful game. 10/10 would drain battery in 30 minutes again.
76561198141761641,Recommended,416210,24784967,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Oddrakyr,I really love this game. Awesome graphics and functionality. It is relaxing and beautiful! :)
76561197996668645,Recommended,416210,22932734,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Lephtovermeet,"I like it a lot but honestly right now there just isn't a whole lot to do in the game. Once you get the hang of it you're just sort of sitting around... not doing much.Right now, thumbs sideways; I'll keep my eye on this game and hopefully it'll be something beautiful in a few months or a year."
76561198249202022,Recommended,416210,22930571,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,keplerthehedgehog,"The game is not as calm as the trailer makes it look. Once the tutorials are over, your blocks decay very quickly if not properly managed, and it's very likely that they won't be properly managed since the tutorials are a little confusing. Maybe the challenges are better, I admittedly just wanted to try sandbox. But I love the idea and there is definitely potential in this game. I had a refund for it, but you bet I'm buying it again if some of these things get fixed."
,Recommended,416210,22874989,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,X_Pilot,"Good game, but it really need a pause feature where you can still build."
76561197993638566,Recommended,416210,22860746,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Father Christmas,"Difficult to describe this game. Minecraft meets a city building game (shrugs)?  Can't really think of any game that has this kind of gameplay.It's  quite slow, relaxing, possibly a bit fustrating untill you know how all the blocks work (puzzle elemet of game) and you can be fairly creative.It's still not finished (but very playable) and  a lot more is to be added. Certainly worth the price but wont appeal to everyone (might appeal if you like tycoon/city buiding games)"
,Recommended,416210,22852410,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Quiche,"Loving the look and gameplay of this -- stylish, casual, very cool to build a balanced, self-sustained tower.This is early access, so I'm sure you'll fix this: I'm a bit frustrated with some of the levels. I've just gotten to the ""Las Vegas"" challenge, which seems to want you to build hotels for tourists. However, it doesn't look like I have any buildings available that will produce tourists (Art Gallery). Anyone else have this issue?"
,Recommended,416210,22090502,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,HOTen,"Is a great game ,simple n ez to play"
76561198045416339,Recommended,416210,22095207,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Olorin,"Hello, just having a little problem with synergy and rate of production's numbers not showing when inspecting buildings...Also I don't really understand how to use the V corridors since you can build anything on a floor (next to something you already built) without needing a support platform...Cute game however, I think it's a good depiction of sustainable developpement and its good aspects."
,Recommended,416210,21967055,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Wadena,"O boy, this is a nice little game!It`s still in EA but it feels polished and well worth the few $ for sure!It`s like a cross between a city builder and a puzzle game. Can`t wait to see what the next update will bring?It`s a relaxing game that offers a break from many of the fast paced action games out there and is definitely worth having in your library.Do I recommend this game? Yep!!!"
76561198186016999,Recommended,416210,27318664,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,NuFadZoo,Great game with lots of potential.  I hope it keeps delivering more content and challenges.
76561198036499797,Recommended,416210,27172984,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Moustiqueneige4,This game is a little buggy but it is really cool. The gameplay is clear and relaxing.  You must catch it!
,Recommended,416210,27203248,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,nPr,"Has come on leaps on bounds since the first betas, a really enjoyable puzzle city-builder"
76561198165401800,Recommended,416210,26201510,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,bbtheshrimp,"I've enjoyed playing this game so far. Even though there are some bugs in the block placement, this game is really fun for those who enjoy strategy and thinking about how things are connected.  The challenges are great to play, as well."
,Recommended,416210,26458275,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,GigaXephones,"Overall, the game is very entertaining and playable. The balancing of rescources is rather fun, and so is the construction of interesting 'hoods. But the game seems slightly unfinished (understandable, as it is early-access). The tile placement and world systems seem unfinished."
,Recommended,416210,26319431,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Potato Cat,"As a major fan of city builders, I gotta say, I like the style of this game. It removes a lot of frustrating elements that might arise in other city builder games and just lets you make a very simple, cool style building. This game focuses more on fine tuning a tower to work within itself, and the play of making everything cooperate is very nice. I've lost myself for some time in this game, not even realizing how long I've been playing until I get hungry or something. If you like city builders, you'll find this has a lot of elements you're familiar with, but with just enough a twist that you won't feel like you're playing ""just another city builder game""."
76561198064206553,Recommended,416210,26050782,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,SneakyGunz,Fun little resource creation and management sim. I would love to see this game completed. I also would love to see steam workshop.I pick it up for around $6 usd. Well worth the sale price.
76561198304992497,Recommended,416210,26049589,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,chris,"Is quite a good game, but it's so hard to find specific buildings. If you could just add in a search button. Other than that its amazing."
76561197978263170,Recommended,416210,26081091,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,MingeBag,"Players should expect a slow to start gameplay because of the complex city building mechanics. However, once the ball gets rolling after the tutorial, the challenges present puzzle like opportunities for a player to engage.I haven't tried the sandbox or ecology mode yet, but I can imagine they are extremely rewarding once a player fully understands the ecosystem and economy of the game.I love playing this!"
76561198222960252,Recommended,416210,26186834,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,zhaoyanji0910,"Two advices:1.I had a difficult time when I was trying to find different resources after I had built all buildings.2.I could not sort out which building I had already built, and which ones had not."
,Recommended,416210,23086905,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,DeadBird | Professional Bait,"The game is awesome and pretty easy to pick up, a clean simplstic society builder. For the moment I don't really have any complaints given how well it works in such an early stage. For the moment it can only get more stuff to play around with.There are however some things I would like to see change, and that is without a doubt the Camera. Step rotating the camera is incredibly annoying and once your societies evolve and turn into really complex structures, you will have a hard time placing or reorganizing things without demolishing half of your buildings to fix an alley.I will recommend the game, but the camera needs some work, like panning and free rotation for starters."
76561198197315028,Recommended,416210,23124367,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Blue matcha,nice game
76561198163989991,Recommended,416210,23127150,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,BritZilla,"This game is gret, i love the isometric and blocky look, maybe if you could add a tilt shift effect then it would look even better, this was scertantly worth £6.99, id happily pay £10, the HUD/UI is nice and simple, mechanic wise, could do with minor tweeks, but i cant wait to see the buildings that will be added later in development, man, if i wasnt so lazy id make something like this myself..."
,Recommended,416210,23026805,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,name,"Neat game, seems to be visually designed for a touchscreen with its large buttons and lack of click and drag. However, touchscreen controls are lacking and the game doesn't support pinch zooming or swiping to rotate. Despite this, it's a fun game and although it doesn't claim to have touchscreen support, it still works well."
,Recommended,416210,21937160,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Cremelime @ Twitch.Tv,"Nice little game to let your creativity just flow along with and a small production system revolving around what you build so its not just random block placements, although it does leave you short since each map you create in sandbox mode has a block limit it does compensate with some interesting challenges and a relaxing ambient while building. It is lacking some features that would make it more interesting but if you just want a game to lay back, relax, think a little bit and just build this is good."
,Recommended,416210,21802049,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Raid,Most unique game I've played in a long time. Art concept is on the point of stunning and is just so clean and well thought out.If you like challenges and wasting time on creating random towers this is the game for you.
76561198098271907,Recommended,416210,21870366,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,ryanpm99,"I love it! Anyone who likes simcity, management games, legos, or anything in between should give this game a try."
76561198037916749,Recommended,416210,21801174,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,{0100Venetas1100},Defying gravity was never so easy.
,Recommended,416210,21807886,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Rydeout,"Fun little game - especially if you like micro-management/building games.I feel like after about 3.5 hours of playing sandbox that there isn't much of a challenge left, though. It got to the point where I felt like I ""beat the game""... and to continue playing wasn't about the progressing in skill, but rather to create something aesthetically pleasing. So if you're looking for something really complex, or something that you can sink a ton of hours into, I don't think this is it.The main thing that I would like to see is a sense of ""life"". I don't know if simulated citizens can be added or not - just felt like it would be nice to see people moving around, living their day to day life in the tower that I created.That said, it was a fun few hours of tinkering, and I will still give it a postiive review. I'll check back in a few updates and see how it progresses :-)"
,Recommended,416210,28237127,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Phytrox,"Great little game, exploring the blocks and interactions is super fun and educational. :)Couple of suggestions:The 700 block building limit should be raised to way more, I had bigger plans :DIt would be nice to be able to add a paused building feature - build while time is stopped and decay and resources inactive -  it would probably make the game too easy though.Worth the 6 EUR for sure, looking forward to updates!"
76561197998862921,Recommended,416210,28316107,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,lgucker,"I found it really hard to stop playing and write a review.Lots of depth, makes you think, seems easy but is actually pretty hard, and is actively being updated/improved. If you haven't played in a while, try it again, if you've never played, buy it now.Decay is tough but get over it. You can also restore a block for 20 knowledge, 20 labor, and 20 community now too-- so you don't have delete the block and everything above it.Should be played in every school across the world."
76561198220258636,Recommended,416210,28089147,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,ᴿᴴᴼᴮᴼᵀ,A SIMPLE DESIGN.A COMPLEX GAMEPLAY.A GREAT ADDITION.
,Recommended,416210,28926759,Posted: 1 January,all,Zombrainiac,"I paid $10 dollars for this game. It was fun at first! Then it glitched. When I tried to play after that, it kept going to the main menu every few seconds. I deleted the game because of that. But it's still fun if you can get past that! It may be glitched, but I recommend it."
76561198007416823,Recommended,416210,28881466,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,whiteriot1,"Nice idea, a little too easy, Banished it isn't."
76561198061088214,Recommended,416210,28926300,Posted: 1 January,all,nanaaa,"I'm addicted to this game, 4 hours flies fast :)"
,Recommended,416210,29438523,Posted: 22 January,all,ᛟ SATURN ᛟ,How to be a terrible dictator that surrounds a housing district with factories simulator.
76561198360482334,Recommended,416210,29339561,Posted: 18 January,all,Kagen,great game. make you think whats important for the socity
,Recommended,416210,31786092,Posted: 16 May,all,SooFluffy,"Pretty Interesting take on ""city building'   In this game you build a 'neighborhood' from wilderness to factory city or anything in between.Each block has inputs and outputs and the game strat revolves around balancing the resources.For example water comes in multiple flavors: Water, ground water, grey water, salt water and various tiles either require or produce it.   Build a small Apt and it requires water and outputs grey water.  Build a marsh and it turns grey water into ground water etc.   Plants need ground water, animals need water.  Rain replenishes ground water.Its pretty challenging to get and keep a good balance while trying to reach your overall goalsNice art and music.  The story mode is a little annoying with all the interruptions and not being able to save midway in a chapter but its really more a tutorial anyway"
76561197971614298,Recommended,416210,31868128,Posted: 20 May,all,outlawgb,love this game nice and relaxing game play that takes some thought
76561198089707393,Recommended,416210,31860413,Posted: 20 May,all,saywutnow,"Lil bit tricky to get the hang of at first, but don't let it discourage you from playing. It's a fun game thats only real downside is you lose track of time fast. I love the art style as well. Makes you appreciate gameplay over graphics. Well done."
,Recommended,416210,31884106,Posted: 21 May,all,FutaOchinMasterElNinth,"This is an extremely fun game if you have the time, as in you'll easily loose track of it XDeverything is dependent on other things, in a circle, like real life. You are always trying to get the resources up into a stable poisition, while keeping the enviorment from getting destroyed, until you reach a stable part where everything is in balance and on the rise.This game is also very similar to other city building simulators (like City Skylines, and Sim City) but this is unique because it's a bit more fatacy with allowing you to use multiple teirs to build Up.the game does have a few dowsides, as .... hmm, well i can't think of anything!I got the game previously for like $6, great deal, and if it remains at $10 like current it's still a great game for the price!!all in all 9.999998/10"
,Recommended,416210,31839972,Posted: 19 May,all,Sp4c33,"Very nice game, is fun overtime but sometimes gets repetive. I hope in the future they add a server so i don't have to manually save my game once i want to quit."
,Recommended,416210,31888097,Posted: 21 May,all,habitualproblem,"an enjoyable fusion of the resource management sim and puzzler genres with just a hint of sandbox-like creativity. the challenges provide bite-sized play sessions that gradually introduce you to the huge array of blocks and how they interact. the inclusion of environmental services (the unexpected boons of living next to a swamp, for example) and animals in addition to the more standard demand-and-supply chains is a pretty neat feature that sets it apart from its city-management predecessors.the game's verticality is another interesting aspect, forcing you to think in layers--although it can get visualy tiresome at times, and contributes to the difficulty some reviewers here have when it comes to navigation. ""story"" mode is also pretty tedious; it's basically a tutorial wrapped up in a morality play--i'd recommend skipping it, unless you're entirely unfamiliar with this kind of game.tl;dr: if you're a fan of management games, this is a pretty solid entry that deftly combines macro and micro environments/economies into a deceptively simplified experience. great at the end of a long day, when you want to play god but you're not ready to tackle your traffic woes in Cities: Skylines just yet and you miss the old Tycoon games!"
76561198118379635,Recommended,416210,32315441,Posted: 10 June,all,yuriy_m,"The controls can be a bit fiddly, especially when building on separate levels. Overall pretty good so far."
76561198015234029,Not Recommended,416210,29581834,Posted: 30 January,all,Just a Monkey On Some Bars,"Post Release:Yet another game given an incomplete release. The game still recieves updates but nothing worth getting excited about. Not really sure who this game is for.Pre Release:It will be a lot better once it is finished, there is a wierd bug that wont allow me to build buildings on certain spaces even though it seems to not have any real reason to not build in that space. Maybe i dont know what i am talking about, but i do enjoy and am happy with the prduct that i purchased. Good job guys."
76561198262880816,Not Recommended,416210,35108151,Posted: 21 September,all,yimin_mimosa,"The atmosphere created by this game with the astetically pleasing design and calming music really sucked me in to trying out this game. However, starting the game out the music lagged and caused my computer to glitch out and I had to restart it. The loading screen is kinda long too. But really the frustrating thing is the updates on the resources I need to keep my hood alive does not update. I just watch my hood slowly die and have to constantly look at every element to make sure everything is fine."
76561198015104530,Recommended,416210,35143508,Posted: 22 September,all,HoshiSama,"Although the main point of this game is  the sandbox mode, the main story is really touching at the end. Its only 5 chapters but you have to be careful of what you build because it carries over to the next chapter up to the final chapter 5. Good gamplay and relaxing soundtrack"
76561198410668080,Not Recommended,416210,35396829,Posted: 1 October,all,thundercow6,fun but then no fun
76561198314949274,Recommended,416210,35455715,Posted: 3 October,all,hcfurlong,"An interesting take on a world/city-building game thanks to its integration of inputs and outputs. I started playing during Block'hood's beta and definitely got frustrated from time to time with bugs or changes that were made from one iteration to the next that set me back in the learning curve. That said, I just completed the story, which is a cute 5-part intro to the game that isn't as dull as a tutorial and helps orient you to the various symbioses and balances you need to find between your different blocks and resources to create a little ecosystem in a ""hood"". I feel like the game has come such a long way and ultimately all the changes have been for the better. A solid little game that you can play for 30 minutes here and there or play for hours on end."
