user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,416380,19896882,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,fireballcarwar,"Great game that deserves alot more exposure. Lots of care went into enemy placement and patterns instead of just flooding the screen with bullets. 12 stages in Arcade mode, which is 7 more than you will typically find in this genre. 4 ships to start with, I've unlocked 2 extra so far from playing through everyones Story mode. Feels like a fusion of new shmups and the old Caravan shooters from the PC Engine era like Star Soldier. Has a much faster feel than other games, more focused around avoiding bullet patterns entirely instead of dodging them which is really fun. There's a primary and secondary weapon system, your main gun always stays but you can change your secondary, which is usually good to use against larger enemies and bosses. There are initially 3 different secondary weapons and I've unlocked two extra, one of which, the TT Drill is AMAZING. I unlocked them by playing the Story mode with the 2 hidden characters.This game is also a good start for beginners to this genre as once you kill enough enemies it charges up energy for a shield. The same energy for your shield is necessary for points though, so getting hit can seriously ruin your potential score. New players to this genre don't care about score, but expert shmup players do, so you have a really cool mechanic that is appealling to both beginners and pros.The scoring system is based around letting off a bomb (Which you charge up by killing enemies) when there are tons of enemies and bullets on screen, which turns them into stars that you collect and then your ship becomes a mini-black hole and you smash into as many enemies as you can to do massive damage and get more valuable stars from those defeated enemies before a timer runs out. I think the amount of stars you picked up in the first phase dictates how long the second phase is. This is really enjoyable and kind of reminded me of Crimzon Clovers Break Mode a little bit, or even the bullet absorption mechanics of Mars Matrix and Giga Wing.The Story mode was interesting but a little verbose, if you want just pure shooting action then play Arcade Mode. Every character has their own Story mode to play through and you get to see the events of the game through their perspective with completely new dialogue from all characters. They did a good job of making every character unique, I loved the banter between Miho and Tatiana the best, I found the insults they slung at each other hilarious. The two hidden characters had a nice dynamic in their Story, with one acting as the straight man and the other a goofball. They also managed to make Pushpa and Thoreau sympathetic characters without going too overboard. The Story is based around a joint mission between nations to Investigate the Varstray: A giant hurricane thing in the middle of space that could hold the key to defeating self replecating machine things. It managed to keep me entertained and made me want to find out more about the world, which is what Sci-Fi is supposed to do.I highly recommend it from what I've played so far, it's really well done. This game was unfortunately not featured on the front page of Steam so alot of people don't even know it exists. It deserves your support and way more attention than it got.Also the game now has online leaderboards, full screen option and V-Sync thanks to a recent update."
,Recommended,416380,24301485,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,pepsimanvsjoe,"2D shootemups tend to have simplistic storylines and complicated scoring systems. The Hurricane of the Varstray? It's very nearly the opposite. Never before have I experienced such an incomprehensible story. If you've browsed the screenshots, then you're all too familiar with Miho and her classic lines about ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s, ""give you ♥♥♥♥ing"", and so on. Well, there's also Tatiana, who constantly answers to someone named ""My Load"". Then there are a couple of hidden characters whose impact on the plot makes even less sense. After enough play-throughs, I unlocked the complete ending, and it's a depressing orgy of violence and crying.Swear on my everything, if this game wasn't twelve flavors of awesome, I wouldn't have put up with its trashtastic storyline for very long.The best description for Varstray is that it's aDanmaku Star Soldier.Star Soldieris a much older game, and it's designed around levels with lots of air and ground targets to destroy. It's the sort of game that lends itself well to ""caravan-style"" STGs, where players have 2 or 5 minutes to get as high a score as possible. Danmaku basically means loads of bullets, and Varstray carries over other common features such as a geyser's worth of shiny medals, whenever certain conditions are met.Aside from the usual line-up of weapons (spreadshot, laser, homing, etc), the player-ship AEDRA is capable of charging up for a devastating attack. After unleashing a heavy laser assault, the ship then becomes an invincible whirlwind of destruction and points. At this point, bullets can be transformed into delicious gold. I really like how this system works. It's easy to set up, the pay off is always worthwhile, and it's just really satisfying smashing through everything. Just seeing the screen drown in medals is worth the price of admission.Varstray isn't difficult, which is semi-rare for an STG. I believe this is because the developer expects players to attempt a lot of risky maneuvers. For example, while using the heavy laser assault, the ship absorbs stars. These stars charge the whirlwind/vortex-thing. Once the secondary meter is full, it's better for scoring to just stop firing. This means enemies and their many bullets will fly free for a few seconds, while you're completely defenseless. The usually pathetic bosses could also become tricky if you're playing to get medals. Otherwise there's not much you can do to make the game more challenging. The differences between novice, normal, and advanced are minimal at best. There is a second loop that offers a more dramatic boost in bullet-counts, but it's not really that much harder.As far as aesthetics go, Varstray isn't as visually striking as it could be. The backgrounds are nice, and there's a good usage of color, but the boss & enemy designs are very bland. I suppose the boss designs are supposed to be a throwback toStar Soldier. I would have preferred to see some giant aliens, a tank that transforms into a mecha-girl, a karaoke singer that attacks with kanji lyrics... I mean, I don't know. Maybe they could have just thrown something out there that's a little more interesting than ""static object that shoots bullets"". The character art is a little inconsistent as well. The music is pretty good, when you can hear it. Personally, I like listening to the loud explosions, and the audio going crazy whenever I get a huge number of medals at once.While I have a few issues with Varstray, they don't really affect the game as a whole. A handful of patches have already cleared up the serious problems with this game - like the inability to slow the ship's movement speed - so I have no qualms about giving it a very high recommendation. This is a shooter that is just really thrilling to play. It does a fine job of capturing those perfect moments. The kind that can only be found in dodging through a sea of bullets, wiping out scores of enemies with a crushing arsenal, and cashing in on critical situations for gazillions of medals.Wait. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ is censored? I'll never understand Steam."
76561197989678619,Recommended,416380,19821169,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Hibachi,"'tis pretty good and fun to play.The gameplay trailer and the official website up there will shows you everything you need to know.One thing to warn you about, though : there's no ""slow"" button.The game is build around it : the idea is to dodge the whole clusters of bullets and cancelling them, not grazing through them, plus at power max you have a shield to take one hit and get invulnerabilty for two or three seconds - but it can be pretty wierd for some poeple."
,Recommended,416380,20171171,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Derry,"Another great game shoot 'em upSo, let's get to the point then.Pro:- Nice graphic design visual. There is no need to use nice VGA like Nvidia and ATI. Just using Intel HD graphic should be enough.- Great sound music and effect, so it doesn't make you feel bored.- Story is ok but not bad, each of dialogue are different when you play every character.- Compatible opearting system with 64-bit. No problem with that.- A lot of enemy wave, but can be challenging and it should be easy to shoot them :)- Avoiding bullet can be lucky sometimes (even if you try in difficulty advanced) because you had shield protection that's depending from remaining called ""Baryon"" meter when you get hit. And even you can through avoid bullet in very small area and very tight.- Getting a lot of score (if you lucky to get a lot) when you unleash power from ""Baryon"" meter. It's fun and exciting :)- Power up your weapon is standard but useful in this game because you can shoot at back if you powered up a few while you busy shooting.Cons:- Boss repetitive same design every 3 stages. It just only add some rocky machine and size mostly :(- Always start window mode with resolution 1280x720.- No configuration controller with keyboard, which is you have to use your stick controller if you want to play flexible, and it will be difficult to find button ""start"" when you first time to play this game whether you use a keyboard or not.- Every character story you play will always at same stage.- Some of dialogue can be vulgar sometimes, especially Miho :DOverall, not bad this game, I just like the way of mechanic this game. Worth to buy this game although the price can be a little expensive but its not to regret to buy it.Very recommended8/10"
,Recommended,416380,21396604,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,LastOfArcadia,"Fast paced, fluid controls, good music.  Caveat being the boss battles are weak.  Overall though, for Shmup fans, I highly recommend this title!"
,Recommended,416380,19836367,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Spoose,"An extremely fast paced shmup that seems to blend bullet hell gameplay along with some caravan aspects. Namely extremely destructive weaponry, along with TONS of enemies on screen. The game's incredibly fun to play, but it still feels somewhat unfinished in its current state due to lacking online leaderboards, replay support, and a practice mode along with some other features that are usually in games like this. I'd still recommend the game, but you'd be better off waiting for a sale if you're unsure.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JYP5WxbzXq4"
,Recommended,416380,20266007,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Jodwin,"This is a seriously good shmup.Hurricane of the Varstray might seem like an odd mix at first: It looks like a bullet hell game, but it actually plays more like a traditional shoot-em-up. It retains the tiny, pixel-perfect hitbox of usual bullet hells, but throws away slow movement and more intricate bullet patterns in favor of fast paced action. Similarly the enemies and their bullets move faster than you might have come to expect from Touhou or Cave, for example. In return, you get recharging shields and bombs to help you deal with the ridiculous onslaught of alien ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.The stages are well put together, although with the high paced action it's hard to tell them apart. Boss design is a little lackluster for a bullet hell game, but stays more true to Varstray's shmup roots. All in all, if your favourite early 90's shmup and a modern bullet hell game had a love child, Varstray would be that game. On crack."
76561198253814583,Recommended,416380,30034308,Posted: 19 February,all,Yugo Ogami,"Just bought the game recently and fell in love with it. If you are a hardcore fan of SHMUP, this is the game for you.First, the art style, CHARMING in anyway you think, UNIQUE, each character has their own story-lines, dialogues. BOY, i can say that this is the first SHMUP game with a veryyyyyy long prologue for each character from their own perspective. Even i ask myself that am i playing a shmup game or playing a VN game :)). You play the game, it's intense, after that you can sit back and enjoy the story, not to mention those funny dialogues which make me laugh non-stop :))). AWESOME.The gameplay is very challenging, many gamemodes for you to play with. Yeah, the hit box is the little dot at the center of your aircraft, though you think it's gonna be easy to dodge.... i mean ""FLY"" through thousand waves of bullets but NO, it's harder than you think. 1 mistake can be so deadly. Luckyly, we have the baryon shield that can protect you from 1 bullet, take another shot and your are dead. After charging the baryon shield gauge to full, it will change to baryon lazer mode which acts as the bomb system of the game, unleash the barrage of lazers that can erase bullets from the enemies, and you can collect the stars which will fill the second gauge next to the baryon gaude. When the you are out of baryon energy with the stars you collected before, it will give you the temporary shield that can protect you for harm and use that to smash the enemies. 5 subweapons for you to choose, now that many :)).Play for fun or challenge with your friends who will get to top of the leaderboard, even sit back and enjoy the epic SF story of the game, it's the game for you, play it and love it, the hidden gem in the SHMUP genre.I wish for the sequel of this game, and an update patch with keyboard configuration would be nice.One more think, i don't know if you realized or not but i can say like this : The game is an upgraded version of the NES game called ""Star Force"" of Tehkan & Hudson Soft in the past. See it to believe it. It's Worth. CHEER :3"
,Recommended,416380,24120457,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Fish,"This is a great bullet heaven, and a good choice for first-time shmup players.Tons of weak enemies to absolutely decimated and plenty of rather satisfying weapons to do it with."
,Recommended,416380,20032902,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,S.L,"The review from fireballcarwar is spot on and I wouldn't add more than what he said.The game is like a pachinko on fire more than a shoot them up (almost). Clearing the game will only takes you few tries, so for survival matters, this game is really easy, even on its harder Advanced mode. So the whole point of this game consist of its scoring system which is VERY addictive and simple to understand.Few thing I must add:The leaderboard does not seperate the difficulty mode, it's all in one bag, that you play easy or hard mode.Replay isn't working and it's not even possible to select it, even thou it is on screen, same for the challenge mode. Really weird...Music is excellent in this game, not the usual euro trance Dojin game can deliver.If you are into modern shoot them up and love to get tons of flashy items such as a Cave game, you might like this one, even thou it's very different than the usual shmup genre. I recommand it, it's a lot of fun !"
76561198075673573,Recommended,416380,26242856,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,wrygrass,"I rate the game Hurricane of the Varstray: Collateral Hazard 4/5. Good.This is another ""Schmup"" (I'm not sure where that term comes from but I think it's some sort of partial abbreviation) game wherein loads of enemies fly in from the top of the screen to be continuously annihilated (if you can react in time) by the loads of firepower you continuously shoot towards the top of the screen. You control a little futuristic spacecraft (which you view from a top-down angle) and dodge the enemies and their own numerous (but slower moving) projectiles as the landscape scrolls by beneath your ship.Though extremely easy (usually games in this genre are extremely, impossibly hard), this game is good for a lot of reasons.This game has,-Good graphics which are colorful and pretty throughout.-Good techno music often with nice driving beats (unusually good for a game of this type actually).-At least adequate sound effects.-Good enemies which are at least somewhat inventive and unique looking.-Good controls which are highly responsive.-Fairly good voice acting (but the audio is in Japanese) but is often funny sounding (probably intentionally) at times with amazingly, hilariously bad Japanese to English translated subtitles.-Tries really hard to have a detailed plot with characters which you care about (indeed the ending occasionally brings me almost to tears for such is the excellence of the voice acting).-Nifty, (though totally overdone) anime style complete with a fairly long anime styled slideshow at the game's conclusion.But the plot, though excellently detailed, does have a serious problem. It is perhaps the most unintentionally funny and confusing time travel paradox I have seen in a long time. As if this plot wasn't confusing and convoluted enough already, the spoken dialogue (spoken in Japanese only) is written in amazingly, hilariously broken English. When I say broken English, I mean to an extent that often puts the phrase ""All your base are belong to us"" and the game that phrase is from to utter shame.The amazingly bad Japanese-to-English translations throughout this game are utterly hilarious and make the game more funny and entertaining than it ever could have intentionally been and, unlike every previous game I can think of which has such consistently bad Japanese-to-English translations, this game's dialogue and accompanying text goes on and on and on (much like this review). Philosophical concepts, vulgar dialogue, intimate feelings, political intrigue, crazy sci-fi time travel paradoxes, all of it is written in what might be one of the worst translations to English I have ever seen or heard of. The hilariousness of the mistranslations alone, especially in this day and age, should make this game an instant cult classic.But beyond the badly translated dialogue and crazily convoluted plot, there is still a truly excellent (though fairly easy and remarkably forgiving) classic early 1990's arcade style game here and I feel lucky to have stumbled upon it. There are multiple modes and multiple difficulties and not very many bugs (the worst of which is this game's tendency to have to be told each time you start it that it should run in full-screen mode).I sincerely hope that a sequel is made. In fact, I can hardly wait for it so I can see if the Japanese to English translation has improved."
,Recommended,416380,21533923,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,coolRONz,"LOVE this game! Was a bit weary and wishlisted it to come on sale, but after only getting 10% off, I feel it was a very fair price. Says DX11, but looks like DX9.0c to me. Not a bad thing, just an observation. I love you shooting your ememies to power up your shields, a fun and unique style of play. 12 fairly long levels, but bosses are just too easy. Have played early access titles that feel more finished, but it looks like the developers are on the right track with constantly updating the game. Did have problems setting the game to fullscreen from the options menu, would get a black screen and game would lock up, forcing me to restart my PC. Not sure if its because of my ultrawide screen(2560x1080), but if I press ALT+ENTER, it switches to fullscreen and windowed mode just fine. Something that many older dx9.0c title do with Windows10, but this is supposed to be a DX11 title, so I am a little baffled. But if you are sitting on the fence, I can highly recommend this game to any shmup fan, its well worth the asking price..  But don't let the little things like that stop you from buying this title, its an AMAZING game! Its got XBox360 written all over it, really looking forward to see what updates the developer has in store for us, because they have added quite a bit of content from the time it was released until I bought it. And they just added score attack today. The developers are really trying! KUDOS!!!!"
,Recommended,416380,21471086,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Royal Air Ace,"1.FUNNY SYSTEM,NO BOMB BUTTON.IF YOU PRESS ""B"" BUTTON,IT WILL REMOVE ENEMY&BULLETS.THEN U CAN USE YOUR BATTLESHIP TO ERASURE ENEMY& FULL SCREEN FOR GETTING SCORES.C BUTTON U CAN CHANGE WEAPON.2.MORE SMALL JUDGE POINT.IT WILL DO  VERY GOOD IN CROSSING  BULLETS HELL.MANY BATTLESHIPS U CAN CHOOSE TO PLAY GAME,THE BATTLESHIPS'ATTACK WAY IS SO UNIQUE ,BUT IT IS USEFUL AND FASCINATING.3.COMPLETE VOICES IN CHARACTERS.ITS GRAPHIC IS SO GORGEOUS.4,THE BOSSES ARE DIFFERENT FROM OTHER BULLET HELL BOSS LIKE CAVE.IT ENCOURGE U TO FIND RIGHT POSITION,OR THINK HOW TO SPEED DEFEAT CLOSELY.THE BOSS HP IS EASY TO DECREASE.5.ITS VALUE&QUALITY  CONFORM TO ITS PRICE!CONCLUSION: IF YOU SAY CAVE IS TRADITIONAL BULLET HEEL SHMUP,WHILE IT IS  INNOVATION SHMUP GAME.IT BRINGS FORTH NEW IDEAS!"
,Recommended,416380,29356630,Posted: 19 January,all,Mia,"Fun game withover 100 achievementsthat instigates players to find secrets and complete activities.There are moments in the game that it is easy to deviat projectiles, and others that this becomes almost impossible. For these, the game features ashield bar[which is filled as you destroy enemies] which allows you to take damage without dying automatically. But do not be fooled: despite being a very useful resource, the shield will not always save you!The game also hassecondary weaponsand situations that encourage the dynamics of exchange between them.Another point to note is that if you likehistory and dialogues, you will enjoy the game. Each character has a script of his own and despite experiencing the same missions, each pilot is a prominent protagonist in his gameplay.And of course, for a shmup of the rain of bullets, we have lots of explosions, projectiles, noise, lasers and action!"
76561198067073182,Recommended,416380,25374699,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Juan Chutrifo,"It's an alright game, pretty casual friendly since it doesn't really punish you for dying, so you can keep going even if you're really bad at the game, it also respawns you right where you died.Looks and sounds pretty good, gameplay is fun alright, story mode has a ton of text to read for a shmup game, so that's an extra if you like it.If you want punishment look somewhere else, this is not your 3 lives or GTFO shmup.Still a recommend to get during a sale, it's a good enough game to spend 1 or 2 dollars on if you like shmups."
76561198160868511,Recommended,416380,32837378,Posted: 26 June,all,Strayed Lynx,"A japanese shoot'em up/bullet hell with very good graphics,top tier scoring and immaculate gameplay."
,Recommended,416380,34445894,Posted: 23 August,all,Branch Predictor™,"""I'm telling you, I'm under age."""
,Not Recommended,416380,35202036,Posted: 25 September,all,JasonSTM,"Game runs ridiculously fast. Bullets move too fast across the screen and the ship moves way too far with slight movements of the Xbox One controller. Pretty unplayable. I hear it has something to do with setting refresh rate to 144 Hz. Also, the English translation is absolutely awful."
,Not Recommended,416380,24078735,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,XISBURGER,Poor bullet patters and too easy. With homing lasers the game basically plays by itself. I one credit cleared it on the first run. Refunded.
,Not Recommended,416380,34749898,Posted: 4 September,all,VigorousJammer,"The game is a bullet hell shooter, make no mistake.It's more concerned with sending a barrage of bullets your way than actually making a fun experience.The control you have on your ship also isn't refined enough for the tiny gaps they want you to fit through, you move the stick just a tiny bit, and you jump 10-15 pixels in that direction.I'm also not sure what's up with the hit detection. I realize the player's hitbox is typically pretty small in these type of games, and I assumed it was the tiny light on your ship. However, there were times where bullets passed directly over that light and I didn't take any damage. The game feels inconsistent in this regard, makign it feel poorly programmed.The ability to use infinite continues makes the whole thing kind of boring as well. I didn't even see any way to limit the number of continues in the settings menu, which is pretty lame.The sprite work is pretty middling, but it's also not even able to be appreciated with all of the bullets on screen. The whole game just feels like it doesn't have a soul. Even though it only took me 1.3 hours to beat, it felt like an eternity because I kept just wanting it to be over already. It's a draining, unpleasant, tiring experience, and one that I wouldn't reccomend to anybody.P.S. Whoever did the English translation for those achievement titles needs to go back to school, because holy crap, they are bad!"
,Not Recommended,416380,22064327,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Acalantha,"Game is extemely easy, pretty much boring after the first five minutes. There was absolutely no challenge in dodging or screen clearing. If you like score attack and the only thing you care about is getting the high multipliers/leaderboards, go ahead and get the game; otherwise, I'd skip it."
,Not Recommended,416380,24241900,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Yang738,"I acutally do think this is a good game, but It's just not for me.I am a shoot 'em up fan but the game had many issues on me.First of all it crashed when I tried fullscreen.Then with the second start I just tried to play in that small window. the game was incredibly fast and I thought..  what the hell is happening?I restarted the game again and tried fullscreen again. Started to play and everything was much slower (now at the speed it was supposed to be)When I accidently hit windows button the game crashed again.That took all the excitement from me and I refunded.Also the bosses are somehow way too easy, I love big boss fights but these are just ""meh"""
,Not Recommended,416380,32859323,Posted: 27 June,all,Zapek,"I can't possibly tell if the game is good or not because:- when my desktop is set to 144 Hz, the game runs way too fast- when I disable ""use maximum refresh"" from the NVidia control panel, the game runs... way too slowI suppose it would work if I set my desktop to 60 Hz but I don't want to do that. Tired of those games not running properly without messing around."
76561198073492841,Not Recommended,416380,28926897,Posted: 1 January,all,abuffardi77,"Don't recommend because the game forces your resolution to 720P resulting in constantly changing it back to 1080P every time you play.  Also, you can't minimize the game to surf the net, at least I can't, because the game freezes and stops working.  Other than that it's impossible to tell which bullets kill you and which are for show.  It's just another bullet hell shmup.  Steel Rain is a million times better.."
,Not Recommended,416380,21671334,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,unkle_nick,Everything about this is doujin-tier except the price tag.
76561198041832614,Recommended,416380,34506324,Posted: 26 August,all,🍀Edward 101™,"Nice bullet hell game for starters with little to no experience.Unlimited continues and three difficulties to keep you on the leash (story-mode).At the beginning you can choose from four characters, their ships differ in damage, weapon range and speed.You will unlock more characters and special weapons as you progress through the story.The rules are simple, shoot at everything that moves or whoever is firing at you.Music is great, art o.k. and you can listen to a lot of story content, or read it if you don't understand japanese.Achievements looking good, there are 108 for shooting stuff and the like.Cardset: 9 cards.Keyboard layout is awful AYXC or AZXC and arrow-keys, but can be changed in the settings.I give it solid 80%"
,Not Recommended,416380,35219554,Posted: 26 September,all,Soulbite,"I played for over an hour straight and I have no idea what I was doing. I was pretending to dodge bullets and I apparently did, for a time at least, and achievements kept popping on the bottom right side of my screen. The game does a really poor job at explaining anything to you, even in he pseudo tutorial which consists of a couple confusing screens full of bright colours. The thing is, that matches perfectly what you'll be up against: bright colours. I really wonder if there have been reported cases of epilepsia while playing this game because it's frankly too much.There's a ""souls"" trend in gaming, so to speak, which favours games that hate you and Varstray is one of them. You're not armed with a toothpick for a change, but the sheer amount of bullets is just disheartening, and that comes from a shmup and bullet hell lover. WTF man.After a quick glance at the options, where I found the ""new!"" above-mentioned tutorial I started the game in arcade mode and I managed to do a full two-loop run, which means 24 levels of pure aborrent hell and dozens of continues.It took me over half an hour to find out about the different kinds of weapons, the shield and the super boost thingie that erases bullets and upon which the game seems to be built. Even if the early stages are a bit more doable than the rest, the controls did not feel intuitive enough and there's no respite from the unrelenting waves of impossible-to-dodge bullets to take ownership of the game without certain death.One could argue I could have tried more, different modes etc... but that's my way of feeling a game: how does it play and feel out of the blue, without tinkering. Last but not least, for some reason there was no sound at all during my run.All this led me to ask for a refund and this review. ""I played for over an hour straight and I have no idea what I was doing."" pretty well sums up my feelings."
76561198009922047,Recommended,416380,35161858,Posted: 23 September,all,Snakebird [LOMS],"very pretty bullet hell. sporadically translated, don't really understand what the hell's going on. nice music. a satisfying number of achievements. overall, pretty good, would buy in the sale again."
,Not Recommended,416380,35431798,Posted: 2 October,all,IAMBACK,"Not very fun, enemies feel the same thru the time i played the game."
