user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,416360,29928892,Posted: 14 February,all,✩ Helenα ✩,"I thought that this was going to be a silly game with gender swapping, but I’m glad I was (partially) wrong. Yes, there’s a lot of fan service, but honestly, Max’s Big Bust is a good visual novel. You solve mysteries and you can romance one of the other characters (women and men), and the dialogue between the characters is pretty funny some times.I liked the fact that the game makes fun of itself; not in a tiring way that at some point you get annoyed (at least in my opinion), but in a legitimately funny way. Everything can happen here, the universe of this story is totally crazy together with its characters.There’s the animation too. Some scenes were actually animated into a short anime, and I found that amazing!Also, the “after credits” nearly made me choke of laughing, now I want to see a zombie version of Dancing Guy in another game.9/10, I highly recommend if you want a visual novel with more gameplay, and if you really want a ""non sense comedy"" to read and have fun."
,Recommended,416360,19151602,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,PvtCinnamonbun,It's like L.A. Noire but made by weebs with a gender bender fetish. Highly recommended
,Recommended,416360,32757761,Posted: 24 June,all,Red Pandas are Awesome,"It's a cute visual novel. I use that term advisedly, because that's what it is. It's not a game, per se. It's a story with a set beginning and a largely concrete end. There are puzzles, and objectives, but it's only a question of doing them well or doing them poorly. You can't skip them.So, what's here that's worth your time? The art is quite good. I understand it may not be to everyone's tastes, but I enjoyed the artistic direction of the project. The writing is excellent, though slightly slapdash at parts. The animation, when there is animation, is top notch. The characters are strong and well-defined, except when they aren't, which is usually for the sake of humor.There is one gag towards the end that relies both on the static animation and the fact you probably haven't given a particular character much thought that I thought quickly redeemed whatever flaws there were here, so I'm certainly pleased. It's a fast game, if you let it be. You could easily get sucked into the writing and spend hours at each decision point, trying to obtain more of it.Now, a few words about the... let's say content, might not go amiss here. Yes, it involves a full-scale magical sex change. Two, in fact. The story, insofar as it takes a stance, could also be described as sex positive. There's a great deal of sexual content and innuendo. Outright nudity? That I didn't see, though that's not to say it's not there. You can tell at a glance  up therewhat the usual 'level' might be.Soundtrack is... basic? Very basic? It seems to be largely stock music, and it was probably the weakest part of the game for me. Since there's no speaking outside of the animated sequences, you could easily play with the speakers off and your own music on. I'm not going to recommend that, but it's something you could do."
76561198013453773,Recommended,416360,20149963,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Sinon,"6 hours of gameplay so far and it's still in development? Wow, I sure feel that I got what I paid for!So after running the game from beginning to the current end, I have to say that I am not disappointed at all!The plot (scroll down to my review below to avoid spoilers)The plot is apparently set in the near-future, where it's been popular with transformation-gas and half human-half animal surgeries and stuff. The technology is quite similar to current, with taser-weapons as regular non-lethal weaponry, normal TVs, cars on wheels and trains still on tracks etc. The gender-transformation is apparently still in its early days with a few biproducts (like lactose-intolerance being a biproduct of cat-ears). Our protagonist however, is a young police officer with about three years of experience. He and his partner, Brad, are part of a department that deals with drugs and stuff and they are currently trying to deal with a new sort of drug called MinX. During their first dispatch, our protagonist ends up having a ""tiny"" bit of an accident and ends up as a woman. Now, for all of you that came here just for that par, I can promise you that he's not the only one that ends up having to deal with a female body... *giggle*Now, here's my veiw on other features in the series:Music/soundI like the music and sound effects, but I miss being able to hear voices and possible have a on/off function of this. What I think would be great is if one could choose between having the characters speak or not. I like the game, but it's a shame when I have to read things 2-3 times because I can't seem to register what I read (this often happens when I'm feeling a bit tired, and that I do often). I also think this could help making the game differ more from other visual novels.AnimationThis part I feel should be separated in two parts: the animated scenes and the regular scenes.I have to say that I love the scene from the trailer. However I have been playing for 6 hours and only at the current end did I get to enjoy a new, short animation that looked quite similar to the last one. To be honest I feel a bit disappointed. I would very much love to see action or comedy-packed scenes receive even just a short scene now and then. Especially special scenes containing unique situations or characters. It would give the game more interesting content that adds to the regular content.For the regular content I want to make one thing clear; NEVER use a picture of the character that doesn't fit in with the action. It's important with variation to ensure that it doesn't look cheap and poorly made. So if a character is bloody, it is bloody, and if a character got ther gender swapped and they have a belt to their pants, they won't try to hold them in place with one hand all the way to their boss's office and then all the way home. Besides,  a womans waist is wider than a mans, and hence it doesn't add up that the protagonist lose his pants (and not the underwear?) when turned into a woman. But enough of that pricky stuff. Overall aside from these few things, the content is good-looking and most of the time it fits well into the situation.TextingI've found some, but very few errors to the texting. So far I guess I have only found places where words are missing, so I just add them in my mind when reading the sentence a second time. It would be nice to see these minor errors corrected, but it's not something that would need to be prioritized at this stage. It may actually be a good thing, as the reader has to stop and read one more time to get the whole picture. It creates a pause and a difference, and it certainly gets the reader's attention back a little. As long as it's only happening 4-5 times in like 6 hours of content, it's not something to get all worked up about.interaction with the gameI simply love how one can affect the game with multiple choices and this should definitely have a continued focus throughout the development. Even though it's a story-based game it should give the player the possibility to interact and affect the game, and even though I haven't really got to test this out much, I have to say that it's still a bit funny. In my case I'm a justice-person so I have an issue with accusing the wrong suspect and stuff like that, in fear of getting both the hard-working protagonist and an innocent in trouble... But I did get an opportunity to run away from a certain cute-girl loving maniac that eventually stunned/tazed the protagonist and dragged her to a swimsuit shop... it was quite funny actually...And that's it for my review! Personally I don't think I'm the right person to set a ""grade"" on stuff, but in my case I would say 8/10. As the game is not finished yet, my estimate is only for the content so far, not for the finished product."
,Recommended,416360,29813664,Posted: 9 February,all,"Communist ""Joseph Ballin"" Layton","Even though it looks like it's just another boob VN, Max's Big Bust actually has a nice amount of content in its bosom. There are a few parts where you actually get to do what can be loosely considered police work, talking to suspects and doing goofy Phoenix Wright-style hijinks to catch criminals, there's a poor imitation of a pet raising game on your phone, and there's even random trivia games placed everywhere they could fit one. The story is pretty good, and the budget seems higher than most similar games, including having a few animated cutscenes (though it seems like they were animated by a Japanese studio, so the dialogue is in unsubtitled Japanese explained in-game by a joke, but the dialogue isn't that important in the scenes that have it) and subjectively good art - most of the art is pretty well-drawn, and the characters who have questionable poses or designs get mocked by the other characters pretty often so it feels more like the game is laughing with you. One route of the game took me 15 hours to finish, and I doubt the other romance paths will take as long but that's still a pretty good length for an Australian VN to me."
76561198304489224,Not Recommended,416360,33825331,Posted: 26 July,all,Biopuppetmaster,"I'm really wanted to recommend this game. I really like some aspects of it.++ The music is really good, to the point that I actually left the game open to listen to it while doing other things.+ About the first third of the game was good. The characters interacted well, the story was good, the jokes were alright (not personally my cup of tea, but fine), and the little investigation puzzles you did were a rather nifty.There were also things I personally liked, but I think some people would be mixed on.+/- While I personally was not bothered with it, I can see some people really not liking the art in this game. The backgrounds are perfectly fine, but those characters. It's a generic animu style, complete with nonsensical proportions and bad shading.+/- The game also has some animations, which I find is another mixed point. The also has that animu style, except now instead of being poorly shaded, it has wonky physics and for some reason has Japanese voice acting. The Japanese is handwaved in game, but that doesn't make less odd. While it is rather cool that the developer included these scenes, I would have been perfectly fine with them being left out.+/- Another mixed point in this game is the player's input within the story. Your actions in the game don't change anything about the ending, they only change which character/s you end up with. However, to make up for this, the game has several puzzles, each increasing in difficulty. While I found the puzzles a nice tradeoff, I can see people really not liking the lack of player induced change. Also, while almost all of the puzzles were good, I found the very last puzzle more tedious then challenging.There was even something that, while I personally didn't like it, I could see someone else liking it.-/+ The CGs in the game I did not like at all. They, for me, crossed that line from being animu but fine to looking like DeviantArt trash. Proportions were completely off, to the point that Max's spine looked broken in most of them. Sometimes the characters in the CG looks little to nothing like the characters that are meant to be in them. However, if you can look past those two things, then they are rather nicely detailed, colored, and shaded.However, there was one thing that made this game unbearable.Around the point that Max's apartment flooded/burnedor about 1/3 of the way through the game, the entire thing became completely unenjoyable. I enjoyed this part the game so little that everything wrong with the game at that point was a major issue.- What happened to the humor? It turned from a mix of deadpan, referential jokes with a mild hit of random/stupid humor to beingentirelyrandom and stupid with the occasional deadpan joke thrown in. This got to the point where there is an entire sequence where the only thing going on and the only joke occurring is that Max thinks that a cardboard cutout is really a person. Why did you do this? I at least found the first part's humor harmless. Now I just want to hit all of the characters (well, mainly Max).-Alsowhy is everyone sexing? Max, Brad, and Ethen will no matter who you’re going for, as do Holly and Ember, and Victoria and obvious villain number 1. I have no qualms with multiple relationships at once, no that's not the issue. First off, if you go for Brad/Ethen, you have to have a scene with the both of them, and if you go for Holly/Ember/Victoria, you have to have the scene with Ethen and Brad. So, I hope you wanted Max to get with Ethen and/or Brad. Second, while Max/Brad/Ethen was hinted at, and Victoria's was hinted at, Holly/Ember is not, leading me to believe that their scene was added as fan service. Thirdly, all of these events happen/ are repeatedly brought up at in the same sequence, which makes them all really off putting no matter what.- Because of the two points above, all of the characters are ruined, as they do basically nothing else.- The entire story is also frequently derailed due to this.- The ending contains a not really twist that I predicted.- The very ending contains a stupid joke they decided to make an animation for because...reasons.Due to the latter portion of the story, I cannot recommend this game. The good parts are mostly ruined by the bad. If you can get the game for ten dollars or less, then it might be worth it, but even that's a stretch."
76561197994581058,Recommended,416360,21197090,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,GenericName,"This is a game involving transformations, primarily focusing on guy to girl.  Though animal ears and tails are pretty prevalent too.  If you dont care for that kind of stuff you should probably just move on, because though there is more than that to this game it is the central theme.The main character is a Police Officer working in an elite unit tasked with taking down a new drug, MinX.  Through a bit of stupidity, the character gets turned into a girl.  This is a world were people can buy drugs to alter their appearance so it's not considered a big deal.You have the standard romance options with the people you work with.   You also have some detective type puzzles to work through, which i rather enjoyed.  Other than that there's alot of dialog to go through and it feels very well written.  I rather got to enjoy the characters in the story.  The game world itself is an extension of another game, ""Gender Bender DNA Twister Extreme"".  As a result the game worlds lore actually has some depth to it, though its mostly only hinted at here.  I'm not sure but i think this game picks up a year or two after the last one ended, and in a different city.  You will see some return characters though.Simply put, this game is better than its predecessor.  Or at least i think so, sure you don't get to jump around characters like before and see their different angles of the story.  But, this game seems like it will ultimately be larger and already has more variety of actions, namely the detective style puzzles and i'm hoping they do more with the mini game on your phone.  Regardless, if you liked the previous game get this.  If you thought it was lacking a bit, get this.  If you hated it, don't get this.  And if you have no idea about the other game ask yourself two questions.  Do i want to play a date sim style game?  Can i tolerate transformations that include gender change?The only thing i didn't really care for was the serious lack of variation on the characters picture's.  I'm hoping its nothing more than a mark of being early access.  Admittedly it was funny when the characters made a comment about this in regards to a criminal but i'd rather have more variation than a sly 4th wall gag."
76561198079409879,Recommended,416360,21872574,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,KittensInTinyTopHats,"This is the best visual novel i've ever played EVER.The story is VERY good (even though its in development)The art is very good (cg,character sprites,ect)I've never played a visual novel with full motion video cut scenes fully animatedThe interaction is the best i've ever seen in my life(visual novel wise) you investigate crime scenes, you can actually play on your phone. my virtual pet died :(One thing it lacks, but is made up for in the other feaures is that there is no voice acting, but this is not the first visual novel i've played without it.The action scenes are good.It also has a very good soundtrack serously make a DLC for that.This game is one trillion times better then sakura spirit (sakura spirit was the first visual novel i've played)I've payed CDN$28.04 it was -15% best 28 dollers and 4 damn cents i've spent (and also the most i've put into one game).I Recommend this game for the visual novel fans out there or the people who want to check this genre out.BUY This damn game its worth EVERY SINGLE DAMN CENT.If I was to give this game a rating on a scale of 1 to 10I would say 9/10"
76561198012273110,Recommended,416360,30694535,Posted: 23 March,all,Lazy Madman,"I've only just started this one and already it has gotten me laughing hard enough to hurt.If you're able, read the words as they come up on screen. Some lines that come out of nowhere will crack you up."
,Recommended,416360,32800239,Posted: 25 June,all,aimi,ProsPretty cute visual novel.Nice art.Fun story.Memorable characters.Hot characters.In depth story.Skip function.LI matters in details. ^^ConsAnime scenes are scarce.Anime scene quality is not as good as art.More romance scenes with LI.The game is pretty awesome. Just wish there was more... T_T especially the romance scenes.
76561198068098174,Recommended,416360,29773838,Posted: 7 February,all,Finn_Underwood,"One of the most well-developed and well-written Visual Novel-esc games I've played in a long time.It does have a few themes that might turn some off (Gender Bending, People with Animal Ears and Tails, a Slimegirl) but it by no means feels like it's overly-pandering towards that demographic. It takes itself quite maturely, which is refreshing to see when it comes to games in these genera.It is by no means soely a 'choose A or B' game; There are surprisingly enjoyable Detective segments that require actual thought, not just random clicking around, and Trivia games that, while not essential to the story, do at least make you more inclined to actually pay attention to the ingame universe as a whole.Its characters are a riot to watch; I had more than a few belly-laughs throughout. The story never takes itself too seriously, and overall is just a fun ride to sit through.If you aren't exactally enthralled by the gender-bending trope or the idea of having 25% of the cast have animal ears, this probably isn't your thing. But if you're just looking for an enjoyable visual novel with a relatively unique perspective on the genera, I highly reccomend you checking this out."
76561198060327406,Recommended,416360,24146785,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,YeOldWhapGoblin,"Now, you might have scrolled down here to the review section because you were curious about this game, but thought something along the lines of ""Oh wow, $30 for a visual novel? That's kind of expensive..."" Trust me; it's worth every damn cent. This visual novel, whenever I play it, never fails to put a big dumb happy grin on my face. The writing is an absolute riot, the characters are very unique in terms of personality, there are investigation puzzles and trivia sections, and come on man, did you evenSEEthose anime cutscenes? Those are in the game in case you're wondering, and there are apparently more to come.Overall, this game is a great buy, regardless of the few typos and redundant sentences, along with the few character model misplacements.Final score 9/10 (one point off for the stuff I just mentioned, but I'll change that when it's out of early access and that stuff has been fixed.)"
76561198077529162,Recommended,416360,24140484,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Q-ROCK,"9.5/10A very well made game and provides hours of fun in its current state. Crime solving mechanics entertaining and added a level of difficulty I haven't seen in a game like this ever.  When it cut off at the end of the update, I screamed. Can't wait to se this game completed."
76561197988569311,Recommended,416360,32498598,Posted: 17 June,all,Nepster,"I bought this game out of whim. The entire experience was something i never would guessed. Emotional rollercoaster that started with laughs and chuckles, turning into few ""this is cute"" moments.Depending on the route you play, there is tons of things i think are great. And things i would rather never wanted to see/read.Overall the story of the game is great aside few points where you are forced to take apart of story-elements that are honestly stomach turning disgusting. But that is just my own personal opinion of course.I still recomend this game for people who likes unique concept and ideas as well occasional laughs."
,Recommended,416360,32075082,Posted: 30 May,all,Ruby,I had an issue with the executable and it not launching so I got in contact with Lached Up games and they gave me some of the best customer service I have had in a long time. Before this issue I had beaten this game and I really enjoyed I really recomend it.
76561198272018340,Recommended,416360,24363369,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,=(eG)= ♫AmazingTurtle♫,"Wow.I am truly at a loss for words.Of course, it's still in the process of being an amazing game, but it is GLORIOUS as it is right now.I love how it's not just something you read, and then leave it from there. There is ACTUAL thinking involved, as well as a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of replayability. For my first Visual Novel, I can say I am really pleased, and definetly recommend this game(If I can accidently stumble upon 25$ in my bank account, so can you!) because it is truly worth every penny.I think I favourite route was Ethan. Max was so awkward the entire time around him, and the ending of this update really solidified my thoughts. I also ran Brad. I liked it, because it had a more, thoughtful approach to it, rather than Ethan. Don't worry dev, I'll get to the Yuri endings as well ^~^Long story short, BUY THIS GAME! HELP THE DEV!"
76561198318960180,Recommended,416360,24819513,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Geeby,"Note: I've played approximately twelve hours or more on this game, but that was on a separate computer so I'm assuming it didn't keep track of it.I became interested in this game to do rpgminx's playthrough of it. After watching her, I knew I had to get my hands on it myself. Buying this is a decision I do not regret. I have not played (nor watched gameplays of) many genderbender games, but this one has lured me in and set the bar for any others I might play in the future.I played all the yuri love interest routes, being a lesbian, and each one I loved for different reasons. Ember's was sweet and somewhat amusing, due to Max's naivety. Holly's was surprisingly romantic, and her personality actually reminds me of myself (whether that is a good thing or not, though. . .). Victoria's was flat out amusing, but also affectionate when it came to the art. Speaking of. . .The art is lovely. The animations surprised me when I was watching rpgminx's playthrough, and it made me want to play it all the more because that is not something you see in a typical visual novel, or so my experience of them says, anyways.I like how Max's situation with his/her flipped gender is dealt with.He(and I say that for a reason, at least in the beginning) is very upset and resistant to being turned into a girl. It's not immediate acceptance, and it's actually his primary concern - he wants to turn back into a man. Even when he starts becoming more of ashe, Max stills talks about returning to his original gender, although I believe she's actually embraced her new form (or at least I hope) and is now content with her body.The characters are actually pretty far from bland, even the background characters. I have a fondness for all of them, even if that fondness mostly shows up in the form of irritation for a certain panda. . . They're pretty unique and can amuse you. Sometimes the situation can build and I'll be struck by how tense the scenario actually is.The investigation scenes can actually require some thought, but they're not ridiculously complex or anything like that. Trivia is something I wasn't expecting, but I enjoy those parts too.The only thing I would say that actually detracts from the game is the grammar - there are a few mispellings, typos, and what seems to be absent words, but in all honesty these are pretty far apart and don't interrupt the flow too much or confuse you, so it's easily ignored.If I had to rate it, it's an actual 10/10 despite that little issue. I had a lot of fun with this and I'm looking forward to more as soon as more comes out."
,Recommended,416360,24175006,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Undocumented American,"Very funny and very clever writing. A few glitches noticed on the Brad plot line (Holly delivers your costumes, knows that you are dating, then acts all freaked out at the anime con and asks when we started dating) but still really fun. Can't wait to see more."
,Recommended,416360,24359920,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Sunshine Rain,"A very good anime-style visual novel, with a few crimey-wimey (timey-wimey Dr Who ref!) puzzles in it, as well as a coupla trivia quizzes!  The characters and their story lines are well thought out, as well as umm... well-drawn... once this is completed, definitely a 10/10!NOTE:  zomg, ZOMG, FINISH IT PLEEEASE!!!  DON'T PULL A ""GEORGE R R MARTIN"" ON US!!!!ANOTHER NOTE:Max's sistershould get theIce powersif you're going the fullelemental trioroutewith the tramsforming-elemental-marble thingysCat-tastic!   =^_^="
,Recommended,416360,24512919,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Velocifang,"Well, for starters I would say that I have really enjoyed what I have played of this story so far despite the fact that I did end up playing most of it with Offline mode turned on. The reason being offline with it is that I'm pretty sure my friends would be a bit like ""What the heck are you playing"" or something along those lines. But I digress, for me it has been pretty fun so far and I admit that it was not really what I had been expecting.For starters, there are parts of it where you are actually talking to characters and collecting information in order to solve number of cases, and to work your way through situations. I didn't know the game had this in it as a feature so it was a pleasent surprise for me. For me it was pretty simple to do them, but it was fun none the less.The next part of it that I wan't expecting was about how wacky some of the characters and their personalities are. I got a kick out of how silly the Police captain is and I did find some of the bad guys you encounter to be pretty funny as well.Sadly though, I have progressed to the current end of what is available to play so I am left in suspense as to what Max willencounter until more content updates come around. Luckily, there are mulitple numbers of story routes that I can play through to learn and find out more of what is going with the characters and how they fit into things. :)I do recommend giving this game a shot if you like visual novels with fun and interesting plot twists and a bit of mystery. So far not everything is as it seems.A little note to the developers if you happen to read this:I really hope there is more that is going to happen at Coffee Shrine, the things that go on there really make my day. :DAnd I really liked the hair color. I hope to see it make a return even if it's just once. :)"
76561198240088030,Recommended,416360,22227503,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,parkergregg8,Hello I am pgg1998 and I love this game fully but there is a glitch on the heart meter I have played it for a while and i think it's stuck I keep trying to make it work on ember but it's stuck on nuetral friend and from what I have been able to get her I should have 5 to 6 hearts for her at this point even though it's stuck on 3 but other then that great game
76561198124256299,Recommended,416360,32231500,Posted: 6 June,all,Lance,"I was given this game as a sort of deal.  My friend and I decided to get each other visual novels because why the heck not.  I get them Nekopara Vol 2, and they got me this.  Despite the very weird nature of this game, I managed to enjoy this game for all it was worth.  I was able laugh at the TG (initials for transgender) elements in the game (it's meant to be funny I swear, they use that joke more than once), able to respect the other modified ladies in the game (bunny girl, fish girl, etc), and I was able to get into the story that was given.  It takes place in Australia and has a rather funny plot about drug investigations, magical forces, elemental people and other crazy stuff of that nature.  It also has a feature in which you can hook-up the main character (who recently went from male to female) with characters in the story through certain decisions (you have a police man, a lesbian otaku, a bookworm, a redhead and a mystery man), and has some fun (albeit repetitive) investigation sections as to spice up the visual novel and overall have you do more.  In summary, it's very weird, should never be played in public, and is very anime at the end of the day.  Seriously though, keep this game hidden from people, you will be judged harshly for playing this."
,Recommended,416360,31325821,Posted: 23 April,all,soldatj,one of the best VN i`ve played.  keept me guessing as to what was going to happen until the end
,Recommended,416360,33843460,Posted: 27 July,all,Gizmo,so far im really enjoying the game and i look forward to more games by this studio
,Recommended,416360,29053709,Posted: 5 January,all,Xiry,From what I have been able to gather this game takes place in Australia.I am beginning to seriously contemplate moving to Australia.
,Recommended,416360,27592231,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Patathatapon,Completely ridiculous. And I love it.
76561198189250154,Recommended,416360,29012292,Posted: 4 January,all,sam.lount,"This is the best visual novel I have ever experienced!  Thank you for making such a thoroughly enjoyable game!This game is the gold standard by which all other VNs should be judged.  And in time I am sure that it will be.  If you are looking for a great interactive experience, then pay full price and support Latched Up Games, because with this kind of attention to detail, quality and substance, they are bound to produce many more incredible games with great story and composition!I look forward to their next VN, whatever and whenever that may be..."
76561198040163594,Recommended,416360,20422626,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,louseybum,"I like it, however i think when max is home and has nothing to do, she need a little more opthions like looking in the mirror comptimplating in thought about being female, taking a scented bath to relax, or touching herself to see what it feels like giving you the option of what to say or think in your head during a conversation or automaticly say that without the option that's just my persional opinoin whatever the creaters deside it's all up to them.ps sorry for any bad spelling it's been a while since i typed and hopfully the creaters like a few of my ideas.I fogot to mention i think max should atleast have internet on his home PC so Max can think what she would look like with animal ears and tail, like cat, fox, or rabbit. The option of shoping for cloths would be there and max can try on a few outfits witch also force Max to comptimplate on the female gender, i think max should have the option to deside where to work for part time like zara gaming, coffee shrine, or the other store's i can't remmber the names i know they were in the very first puzzle game when Max had to investigated the rubberies at the mall.Devolers please send email to my acount on steam and tell me what you think good luck with the beta, this goes out to the gamers as well please speak your mind."
,Recommended,416360,24051538,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Shuichi,Team Bonnie anyone??? ok.. just me then.
,Recommended,416360,34540998,Posted: 27 August,all,gamefrak2381,"nice game, really funny story."
76561198070917075,Recommended,416360,27163790,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,teemut1991,"Max's big bust is one of the best visual novels out there. It has great story with very funny elements, it also has great visuals. The maker's visual style has been greatly improved from their previous game gender bender dna twister. Story is complex and long and gives good number of choices.One thing that dissapointed me was the amount of animation in the game. Since they advertise that part of their game in shop so much, you kinda expected more animated shorts between gameplay. That can change though because the game isn't complete yet at the time of my review.8,75/10 for a visual novel"
,Recommended,416360,25137597,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Shogunomi,"HAH, now I was bored. I was interested. And boy do I like girls. And what better way to like girls than in a story where there is one less boy and one more girl by default in the beginning?*Gibberish*So I was bored. I got interested in the concept of seeing more girls. I got this after the update at 2016/08/04 (4th of August I believe) Aaand I was not so hot for the dating thing I was more interested in...(I am not sure what I was interested in)I was more interested in the fox girls and the ears. I had hoped for the character to gain those ears. And I love them ears. (N' tails)So I do recommend this game. There are fox girls. If you are like me and dislike surprises then... I dunno... You will probably stay for the ears and the hope of seeing more fox ears and catears.However... This is wonky. I don't know what to dislike about it. Maybe the art could be subpar in someones eyes? But beeing someone that cannot draw at all but is trying I find it much more easy to just turn a blind eye to how things looks... I think...I am ok with this buy. I got some fox ears and cat ears to look at. That is fine. This is fine....This is nonsense. Shooo. Go away. If you read this far that is..."
76561198096638903,Recommended,416360,28476301,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,naoto-chan,"This game is pretty niceGrafics are really pretty and the animated scenes are a plus even if they are short.All characters are appealing , each in their own way wich for a visual novel is really important.I laugh prety often while playing this game and it hadn't happened in a long time.The only thing that can distub you is if you have a thing against TF and TG (I don't ).Totaly worth its price."
76561198163694269,Recommended,416360,28315309,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Nymfia,Oh My Gosh - Loved the waterpark episode and now cant wait to see Holly dress max up <3Not sure what to think of the new game but i will keep my mind open because I would prefer to play it before I judge to much.Figurines of all the characters from all three games seems a super cool Idea and I would deffinetly collect them and it would hopefully bring you funding for more episodes.KYAAAAAAAA!!!!!!Really want to donate 3000AU but I am not rich I can barely afford the first one being trans and all I am so worried about not having enough to be myself and cover cost of everything. :( wanted to appear in this game and even more so Really want to buy figurine's of all characters from all games Lached has done. <3 <3 If I was rich I would deffinetly donate 3000AU.Guess I should get a job but its hard.Please Please Please make a store to help fund you while making things affordable to us. I can see it now a shelf with all the characters on and two large posters on my wall removing all my other ones and keeping just your's up. No I am not holly xd but I guess you could say we have similerarities.
,Recommended,416360,31337606,Posted: 24 April,all,Lucrea,daggerwav.wav has changed my life forever
76561198291571551,Recommended,416360,24843960,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,jejakaperasan14,"WOW NICE GAME,RECOMMEND IT FOR EVERYONE WHO LOVE THIS TYPE GAME."
76561198114910663,Recommended,416360,28847914,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,mintalin-kun,This game would make a great anime
,Recommended,416360,29621677,Posted: 31 January,all,Mysterious Person,"This is my third visual novel that I've played. I'm not very experienced in talking about these type of things and I don't write many reviews. With that being said, here is what I though about the game. I was originally introduced to this game from a YouTuber called TheRPGMinx, and I was glad to see that she was the drugs in this game. I watched all of her current episodes and I thought that this was the funniest game I've ever seen. I could not stop myself from laughing at all of the jokes. One of my favorite parts of the game was when Gender Bender DNA Twister Extreme was referenced in the final trivia. I laughed my♥♥♥♥♥off. Though 'The boobcalypse' is probably the best name for an event such as what happened.I guess they are going to call the tentical monster attack 'The Great Groping'.Anyways, I thought it was a great game with good art, good animations, and some of the best comedy I've seen in past few years. Well honestly though I don't play too many games with that much comedy in it, but that's besides the point. I would highly recommend this game. If you are not hooked by my review then go watch the first episode on Minx's channel.I am looking forward to the next game you guys make!Sinceraly,Mysterious Person"
76561197982554752,Recommended,416360,29778160,Posted: 8 February,all,DragynRaken,YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH
,Recommended,416360,29759015,Posted: 7 February,all,Biscuitism,"Things that the British are good at:Naval warfareEmpire buildingPolitical backstabbingKicking skirt♥♥♥♥ out of their ancestoral homelandThings they are bad at:Creating a standing empireArmored warfareBlowing up U-BoatsInsultsKeeping their prisoners and colonists in lineIf they bongs had been good at keeping their penal colony in line, maybe my♥♥♥♥♥♥wouldn't hurt so much. Good one, boys. You really dropped the ball on Australia."
76561198072190312,Not Recommended,416360,32004758,Posted: 27 May,all,Rayzod,"doesn´t realy feel like a game, mostly you klick throu endless conversations on which u have no influence, the only choices you can make are with wich person you spend lunchbreakes or a day off. in investigations you have to klick throu all options untill u have all information and its resolved automatically. i was realy excited, but it feels more like you are watching a movie during which you nonstop have to read subtitles."
,Recommended,416360,21183760,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Mizamu,when i found out the game was 4-5 hours i was disappointed then i realized that was early access and theres a lot more story to come. i enjoyed the puzzles and the story. its more interactive then most Visual novels i see.
76561198067112366,Recommended,416360,20986810,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Echo0100,"I really like this game, and I can't wait until the next update to continue the story. Even though the game isn't finished I've been having a lot of fun with it."
,Recommended,416360,20868955,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,vampireking1369,It has a good storyline good charcter development i see great potential in this gamr
,Recommended,416360,20517768,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,[GBB] Kokichi Oma,"Best Game, so many great joke and an amasing story with great puzzeles"
