user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,416770,19720501,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,atro city,"As expected from a Matthew Brown game, SquareCells is well-polished and not rough around the edges. Just like Hexcells, there's no guesswork involved, so there's no circular logic and you can't back yourself into a corner. Some of the puzzles may seem difficult at first, but if you think outside the box and approach them from the right angle you can beat them all fair and square."
,Recommended,416770,19546178,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Orbi,"Do you like Picross? You know this game is for you already.Do you like Hexcells? You know this game is for you already.Do you enjoy reasonably tough logic puzzle games with a supremely calming aesthetic? This game is for you.SqaureCells comes from the developer of Hexcells, a series of amazingly well designed logic puzzle games that are reminiscent of Minesweeper with shades of Picross, Nintendo's series of logic puzzle games. I'd highly suggest you check those games out before this one, if only because they're fantastic and can be had cheaply during sales.SquareCells is much more of a direct take on Picross. For those that don't know, Picross is a puzzle game where you're given a square or rectangle and tasked to remove blocks, guided by numbers indicating how many blocks are in each row or column. You'll generally be rewarded with an image of some kind. SquareCells is very much that, though the images are more abstract.There's a unique mechanic that Brown has added to the mix, a number on a square that indicates how many squares it is directly connected to. It's one of those concepts that really changes the way you think about Picross puzzles, and allows him to get away with presenting less information while still creating fair puzzles. The logical possibilities that arise from this provide the unique spin on the Picross formula that this game needs to stand out.I've finished the game with three stars on every puzzle, and while it starts out fairly simple to introduce people new to Picross it eventually gets quite tricky, especially in the last tier of puzzles. I never had to make logical leaps or even educated guesses, which is always a plus. Took me 5 hours to 100% the game, which I find to be a decent price/content ratio, even without it being on sale.It's $3 currently, absolutely worth it for a well-made relaxing puzzle game. I look forward to SquareCells Plus and SquareCells Infinite!"
,Recommended,416770,20139164,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Dr. Swag Bunny,"Soon to come: SquareCells Plus, SquareCells Infinite. Maybe in the future; TriCells, CirCells (although that would be tough) and maybe even a CubeCell.I'd buy them all. SqareCells is very fun, puzzles-very addicting and challenging. Love the music too.If you liked HexCells, this is the perfect sequal, although the plot is a bit dry.4sides/4 would rage at misclicking again"
76561198138437975,Recommended,416770,20684346,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,MirandaKym,"SquareCells is a combination of Hexcells and the Paint it Back/World Mosaic games. It's similar to Hexcells because it's made by the same developer and if you enjoyed those hexy games, you're bound to like this one as well. There's no plot - just pure number puzzle goodness. One of the other reviewers joked about future SquareCells games: SquareCells Plus and SquareCells Infinite. Haha. Well, I'd buy those too. There's no better workout for your brain. :)"
,Recommended,416770,19549797,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Ryan Dorkoski,"From the creator of the legendaryHexCells, comes a slightly different dynamic that mixes in picross mechanics.Totally worth it - in fact, this game is too cheap.Hex/SquareCellsare brilliantly done minimalistic puzzle games that should be standard on every operating system. Soooo easy to learn and so satisfying and fun to master.The best part about these games is that its all logic, no guessing.Totally worth it - I don't even have any 'Cons' to list out."
,Recommended,416770,32820463,Posted: 26 June,all,Artibius,"PROS:+ interesting puzzle gameplay+ nice chill soundtrack+ dark modeCONS:- not much replayability- no random level generatorComment:This game can be described as a mix of Minesweeper and Picture Cross. It makes you think more and more as the levels progress. Sadly, there is no level generator so after you do the 36 pre-designed levels that's it. This makes brute force approach the quickest one, unfortunately. But for people who like at least some challenge (like me) just go slowly and enjoy it. It's from the same creator as the HexCells trilogy (which I'd say are better games) and CrossCells. However, the price tag is okay and the game gets nicely discounted too. Due to all of this I can recommend it for people who like HexCells or logic/puzzle games in general.------------------------------------------------------------------If you liked this review you can find more on theCurator pageor in myReview Corner."
,Recommended,416770,19551473,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Vospi,"A puzzle game!This is a nonogram (known as Picross, Japanese Crosswords, etc.) puzzle game with couple of really fun mechanic twists that add a whole new logical dimension without breaking the flow. It's brought to us by a man behindHexcellsseries and carries the same aesthetics.5 Facts about Squarecells• if you liked Hexcells games, you should buy this immediately;• the game does justice to a teaching pace, I think Mr. Brown really nailed it here;• newly added mechanics are great, they feel fresh and they feel right;• only single possible solution per puzzle, so you're never supposed to guess anything;• the game is hard just enough to keep you, dear puzzle enthusiast, interested.Complaint: I wish puzzles area was just a little bit bigger. Even on 23'' FHD monitor it looks a bit tiny. Changing resolution does not help. Not sure if it would be comfortable to play on a laptop: it looks good on screenshots but is a little bit tedious to read when you play it. Sometimes you want some comfort to think faster, you know what I mean?Otherwise,a great puzzle game.I expected something fun and well-thought from Matthew Brown, I've bought the game blindly and I don't regret it."
,Recommended,416770,19970821,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,fst,"Another great game by Matthew Brown.If you're a fan of Hexcells games, get this one too.It's way more challenging, but be sure not to use trial and error, because then you're missing lots of fun and satisfaction. Some people say that not having random level generator is a step backwards, but these levels were, at least for me, easy and boring. In SquareCells you get finite amount of levels, but all of them are really well crafted. Quality > quantity."
,Not Recommended,416770,22786766,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,blizzzilla,"SquareCells is a twist on Picross with very little content. There are a couple differences from the classic Picross rules, but sadly they just make the game less enjoyable. Technically the game is fine, but some of the color choices are hard to look at. I missed the option to mark a cell as a potential hit/miss while figuring out the correct solution.Overall it's not a bad game, but I didn't enjoy it as much as original Picross or the HexCells games."
76561197992684539,Recommended,416770,19560166,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,smooks,"Another great creation from the creator of Hexcells.  I was really looking forward to his next game and it certainly delivered.The puzzles are a bit of a mash up between nonograms (picross) and nurikabe and if you enjoy those types of puzzles you will love this.  Of course, any fan of Hexcells would also appreciate this.  The puzzles are well made and good a good test of logic, so no need for guessing.The UI is nice and clean and everything plays smoothly.Edit:  Looks like there is a way to change mouse buttons.  It was small in the lower left corner of the menu screen.  A mouse with a toggle to switch.  Didn't notice my first time playing, but wanted to point that out.I hope the developer decides to come back to SquareCells to add interesting new mechanics to ramp up the difficulty even more, much like Hexcells Plus did.  Or add a generator like Hexcells Infinite.  Both would be welcome additions.There isn't much need for more of a review.  Logic puzzle fans know who they are already, and I'm sure they'd appreciate this as much as I did (as well as Hexcells if you haven't already tried that).Highly recommended and thank you to Matthew Brown.  Can't wait for the next one."
76561197988012862,Recommended,416770,20409486,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,mendel,"Good puzzle game.Squarecells was designed by the same guy who made the Hexcells trilogy -- if you haven't played that yet, go get it because it's better than Squarecells, and the third installment has a level generator. Squarecells is sort of similar to Hexcells, with slightly different rules that are reminiscent of Nonograms (Picross). It feels short because a lot of the 36 puzzles aren't that difficult. (Number 35 is quite nice, though.) Still, but for a few niggles (why is everything so small?) this is a good puzzle game. I hope that it gets sequels like Hexcells did.One thing I would like to see added to the puzzles is ""givens"" as in Hexcells, that is, squares that are missing from the grid right from the start. That should make for more variety in the puzzle designs - right now they have to be full square grids. (An editor and Steam Workshop would be dreamy...)The game is solid; it's short but cheap, so that's ok; definitely recommended. (Do getHexcells, too!)Squarecells runs fine on my old Windows XP box."
,Recommended,416770,26200645,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Thalatte,"Game InformationSquareCells, is a IP game, developed and published by Matthew Brown.*IP - Indie PuzzleGame Visuals/AudioMinimalistic at their best. This game doesn't really need all those bells and whistles like all those other games has.GameplayThere is no difficulty mode option that's assigned. But each of the puzzles has their own difficult.SquareCells is closely similar to hexcells. So the objective of the game is rather simple to figure out which cells to mark and erase.There are total of six different worlds with six puzzles to solve. The first is automatically unlocked. Completing it'll unlock the next world. So on and forth. All of these puzzles can be replayed after the first go around.There's no time limit in this game. Allowing the individual take as much time that they want to solve each of the puzzles.MiscellaneousFinal thoughts, I've found this game enjoyable to certain extend. The replay value for this game is low. I would recommend this game but not at the full price.http://store.steampowered.com/app/416770"
,Recommended,416770,19609119,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,flesk,"SquareCells is similar in style to developer Matthew Brown's popular Hexcells trilogy, and is another great buy for fans of Japanese style logic puzzles.The game starts out as a nonogram puzzle, where you have groups of numbers along the top and left side indicating groups of consecutive marked cells in the columns and rows next to them. It's up to the player to deduce where these marked cells might be, using the available information, and unlike games like Minesweeper, guesswork is never needed. Each puzzle has a counter displaying how many numbers to remove, and though you don't always need this information to solve a puzzle, you should keep it in mind for when you do.This isn't just another nonogram though, and the complexity is quickly taken up a notch when a new puzzle element resembling kuromasu is introduced into the game. These clues consist of numbers on the puzzle grid itself, denoting how many cells to connect with marks by branching off in horizontal and vertical directions. Diagonals do not touch, but any surplus cells have to be removed to not exceed the indicated number. This while still abiding by the nonogram clues, which will now be absent from several rows and columns to leave you with just enough information to solve the puzzles.The final puzzle mechanic is an old acquaintance from the Hexcells games; namely the bracket enclosed total hint. This is an alternative to the nonogram clues, but unlike those, it only indicates how many cells to mark in a row or column, and says nothing about how marked cells are distributed. Puzzles will now utilize all of these mechanics, making for some really difficult challenges by the time you get through the game.A feature I really like in SquareCells is that you can exit any level and come back to it later. There's no limit to how many levels you can suspend either, so if you have to go do something else or want to tackle a few other puzzles in the meantime, you can.The Linux version isn't without issues though, and the game would initiallycrash on launch. That problem has been resolved, but many Linux users are still unable to unlock Steam achievements. This isn't the first Unity 5 game to have Linux specific issues, but hopefully these quirks will get ironed out soon.It took me about 5 hours to get through the whole game, and considering the low price of the game and the high quality of the puzzles, that's a great value for money if you like games like this one. I wholeheartedly recommend it, and I hope it turns into another trilogy.NOTE:This review was originally posted onGamingOnLinux."
,Recommended,416770,21501346,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,crimethink,"Easy to understand. Clean interface. Pleasant soundtrack. Puzzles ranging from easy to quite challenging. If you liked the Hexcells games, you'll like this one as well."
,Recommended,416770,23876424,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Lin,"This is going to be easy. Do you like logic puzzles? If yes, then Mathew Brown, the developer of SquareCells and HexCells, is your best friend. Tip him the cup of coffee this game costs, you can't go wrong.This is a simple, short, no nonsense puzzle game in a minimalist package. You can call it a cross between picross and minesweeper if you want, but the important thing here is: it's neither. With just a couple of tiny changes in the mechanics, SquareCells actually forces even veteran puzzle solvers to step out of their comfort zone and start thinking for a couple of hours.The game is deviously smart in its simplicity and, as always with this dev's puzzles, absolutely logical at all points. If you can't find a solution, think harder, it is staring you right in the face. (Or get a tip by listening to the explanations in Innocentive'svideo guides- they will help you figure out that one logical step you're missing. Cause puzzle 35 is mean I tell you!) There are only 36 puzzles to solve, with none of them being throw-away easy, even at the beginning. In fact most of them are just difficult enough to make you scratch your head for a few minutes before you start feeling smug about how smart you are for solving them. I appreciate a puzzle that lets me feel smug. :)Like Hexcells previously, this is a Unity game, without any frills, with nicely forgettable (and mutable) ambient music, but with some nice little touches that prove attention to detail. Zero complaints all around. Now when is the next one coming so I can throw some more money at you Mr. Brown?"
,Recommended,416770,29677529,Posted: 3 February,all,amdlo112,SqureCells is a little bit worse then Hexcells but it's still great! So if you like Hexcells you'll like this too. The game is like combination of Nonograms (Picross/Griddlers) with a pinch of minesweeper. There are 6 sets of 6 levels (so 36 puzzles total) with variable difficulty and sizes (ranging from 4x4 to 14x14). Without cheating or guessing it took me about 8 hours to finish them all. It's well worth the money.
,Recommended,416770,32334936,Posted: 10 June,all,MiniTaurus,Nice picross puzzle game ^^It has dark mode if light background made number hard to see
,Recommended,416770,19793565,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Twistor,"TL;DR: Fun and casual but finally challenging and frustrating abstract puzzle game for a day or two.More Cells games, Matthew Brown is at it again. If you already playedHexcells,SquareCellsis rather similar although a couple of particular differences arise. If you liked Hexcells, you'll likely like SquareCells as well. For the rest of you that's just total gibberish, so let's get some details on the table. What kind of puzzles are these exactly?The Same: The First Law ofSquareCellsSquareCellsis an abstract puzzle game. Each level is a square ofntimesncells,ngetting progressively larger as you get further into the game. Your job as the mastermind is to remove the unworthy cells and fill the ones that fit the pattern. Pattern is perfectly defined by two rules.The first rule is that every column and row has a bunch of numbers (sometimes none). These dictate how many cells are filled in sequence in that particular row or column, and if there are several numbers, there has to be an empty square in-between the groups. This is actually the exact same rule as used inHanjiepuzzles.To stir the rule a bit, some columns and rows just report having a set number of filled squares but no rule about their sequence.But different: The Second Law ofSquareCellsThe second rule is that when a cell has a number in it, that number dictates how many cells are filled and connected into that cell. A chain rule if you will.That's it really. Both rules are then used in all levels to create increasingly challenging puzzles.Aside from the second rule the game is very similar toHexcells. However, while inHexcellsyou could not solve the puzzles by pen & paper because of the minesweeper mechanics,SquareCellspuzzles are totally self-consistent and contain no hidden information. In principle, they could appear in a newspaper! Of course, the rules are more complicated than traditional pen & paper puzzles somewhat justifying the digital medium.Casual but funLikeHexcells, the game is polished with a very nice interface, though the white screen might be inconvenient when playing in a dark room (UPDATE: game now offers a dark contrast option averting this issue). Game has 36 levels, distributed in chunks of 6 that have to be completed before proceeding (you can always skip one though). Conveniently, the game is automatically saved when you quit a level.The first 24 or so levels took me mere 2 hours to complete and at that point I was feeling it was too short. Then I blew 5 hours more for the last 12 puzzles, so I'm taking that back. The last 12 levels were indeed refreshingly difficult and it felt satisfying to complete them without guesses. A couple of times I was convinced that a particular puzzle was unsolvable without guesswork but was proved pleasantly wrong in all such occasions.I think 7 hours and 36 puzzles for a 3 $/€ game is pretty swell, so I'm totally recommending it even at full price, especially for abstract puzzle game fans."
,Recommended,416770,28115699,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,GeneSteeler,"Duration - 3 hoursFirst time playedSquarecells is the latest (2015) iteration of the Hexcells series.  It's very similar, but I found the ""square"" shape easier than the hex shapes.  I finished all 36 levels in 3 hours (average 6 minutes per level).Generally, I think the game is simply a way to make a bit more cash on, what is now, an old idea.  Although, I picked this up for 99 cents on the last steam sale, so I think it was worth the 33 cents per hour for the relaxation it gave me.  And yes, I'll probably pick up Squarecells-squared when it comes out for 99 cents too. (that's an idea, eh? 3-D square cells!)"
,Recommended,416770,20385807,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,TheIronicGamer,"Squarecells is the newest release from the genius behind the hexcells series. When I saw he had made a new game similar to the hexcells series I just had to pick it up.At first sights squarecells seems like a massive step back from hexcells. It has lost it's main gimmick, being the hexagons cells. But at the core it is still the same old game that we know and love. You still have to find the squares using different techniques.For some reason squarecells seems to be lacking many different systems of showing where the squares are. Hexcells had many different ways of indicating which places had hexes in them but squarecells seems to stick with only using a few. It introduces each of them very early on and doesn't evolve on them. For me this is very disapointing and led to a fairly lackluster experience.The difficulty is still there in squarecells. It is a very difficult game and will take a lot of thought to solve each level without mistakes.Don't get me wrong, dispite my complaints I did still really enjoy squarecells. However I don't think it's anywhere as good as it's predecessors. I think the developer feels that after the release of infinite he had drew the hexcells series dry, but I don't believe this is the case. I would love to see more handcrafted levels for hexcells instead of more levels for squarecells.If you haven't yet played any game from the hexcells series I would recommend picking up all of them games and playing them first because they are definitely better. But if you have played all of the hexcells series this is definitely a game worth picking up while you wait for more content. For the cheap price £2 this game is a steal.TheIronicGamers rating systemDon't ever buy this game.Maybe consider it on a sale.An average game.A good game that should definitely be considered.A must play!"
,Recommended,416770,25859882,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Djain,Best Nonogram Steam Game.(+) cheap(+) has some difficult nonograms(+) easy achievements (1 playthrough)(-) too short(-) no trading cards95/100
,Recommended,416770,19587928,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,❤ Singo,"SquareCells is a new kind of puzzle game from Matthew Brown, developer of the amazing HexCells games. Once again we are treated to beautiful puzzles with simple mechanics. Once again, they are fresh. As we progress through the game, they get progressively harder - near the end they are quite frustratingly difficult.This feels a lot like the original HexCells in pacing and length, with none of the ""end game"" content that HexCells Infinite has. Hopefully, like its predecessor, this will also spawn a series of games that take the concepts seen here further.Gotta give it 9/10.Make sure you also get the HexCells bundle if this looked at all interesting!"
,Recommended,416770,21052028,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Aro,"Squarecells, another excellent ambient logic puzzle game created by Matthew Brown (ofHexcellsfame). This has the same level of originality as we have came to expect from the developer and just like theHexcellsseries, it doesn't disappoint.If you haven't played the aforementioned games before, this game could be compared to a mixture of minesweeper and picross. The puzzles are complex in design, but all possible to solve without making any errors if you take your time to think about the logical moves to make next.As with all of Matthew Brown's other games, this is very well polished, relaxing and worth the asking price. If you likedHexcells, you'd definitely be wise to addSquarecellsto your library too."
,Recommended,416770,19593898,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,DrBrogbo,"Rating - 83/100Tagline - It's like HexCells, but with 2 less!Jokes aside, this is a difficult game for me to review. I absolutely adore puzzle games, and HexCells (another series by this same dev) was the game I had been wanting since the 90s: A Minesweeper-esque game without the craptastic guessing. I loved the whole HexCells series (original, Plus, and Infinite), and bought/played/mastered them all right away. Each one was better than the last, and Infinite was as close to perfection as a Minesweeper-type game could possibly be. I think HexCells Infinite is the only game to dethrone Brothers: A Tale of Two Sons in my rating system.So when I saw another Cells game in the Steam new release section, I picked it up right away, installed it while working, and spent my lunch break zipping through the early levels. It was fantastic fun. I was expecting Hexcells-in-a-grid, but ended up getting a mix of Hexcells and Picross, and was pleasantly surprised.After getting home in the evening, though, some of the shine started to wear off. I thought HexCells nailed the gradual progression really well, and introduced new mechanics after you got comfortable with the old ones. Squarecells, on the other hand, gives you the mechanics right up front and then just increases the trickiness. It's similar to Sudoku, in that the difficulty is not in introducing new mechanics, but rather in how well-hidden the next clue is and how much brainpower it takes to figure out.Don't get me wrong, HexCells wasn't an easy game in the later levels, and to be fair, you can use the information SquareCells gives you to draw the same conclusions that you could in HexCells (with the exception of the radius thing), but the whole thing is WAY more cerebral and feels quite a bit slower. In the later levels of SquareCells, it really felt like I was just staring at my screen for 5-minute stretches at a time, trying to find what I was missing. If I'd been on my phone, I would have been fighting to keep the screen awake. In the last few levels (which took easily 1/4 my entire play time), most of my time was spent thinking of ""ok, if this is a cell, this and this would have to be cells, but THIS one couldn't be..."" until I'd built up half the board as possibilities in my mind.And then it's over.HexCells Infinite really spoiled me, I guess. The original HexCells and Plus were both fairly short games, but since Infinite came along (with its random level generation), I really feel the brevity of the campaign here. There's only 36 levels, and you'll be halfway through within an hour (time to beat each level increases drastically as you go). There's no replayability, either, once you've done the levels with no mistakes. I'm hoping more SquareCells games are coming, but this one only lasted me about 3.5 hours of active time, which was a little disappointing. HexCells and HexCells Plus didn't take much longer, but again, Infinite must have spoiled me.I'm glad I spent my few dollars on this game, and I'll definitely be picking up future ones, but I can't say this takes over as my go-to casual puzzle game. Puzzle fans should definitely give it a look, but pick up the HexCells series first (Infinite, if you can only have one)."
,Recommended,416770,25858464,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Houthacker,"A great puzzle game from the creator of Hexcells. The type of logic puzzels in this game are called Japanese crosswords or Nonograms. The game runs smooth and is very userfriendly. I really enjoyed it!If I have one complaint, then it's that I would have liked to have more levels!"
,Recommended,416770,28577379,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,MattTheGreat,"At this point, I'm going to throw as much money as I can at Matthew Brown. As well as having a very attractive first name, he makes the best minimilistic puzzlers out there.Part of the hexcells series (more like a spin-off, hopefully a spin-off series), whilst tragically short, will give you around 3 hours of puzzling goodness. If you played his hexcells series, this is more of the same but with 4 sided shapes, known as squares... hence the aptly titled ""square cells"".The puzzles are also very similar to picross, so if you enjoyed that, this is like that but a little more condensed and in my opinion, more intelligent. Although I've never been a massive player of picross. I think I may return to it on DS though so I can satisfy my cravings till the next squarecells come out. Or some other geometrical spin off!"
,Recommended,416770,25931407,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Maxmetpt,"This is a positive review, but I wouldn'treallyrecommend this one. I mean, it's okay, but it's very similar to Hexcells in terms of the thinking involved, but also not as good? That's arguably, because of the way some of the puzzles here are solved, but I'll write about it in a bit.If you've played Hexcells, you know more or less what you're getting. What I was expecting, though, was a bit of variety in the pictures formed (probably because of Picross). It would be a nice addition and departure from Hexcells, having a more visual component to the puzzles. The game isn't really designed as so, which is very clear when you finish a level, by getting a dark gray screen over the picture, making it much less of a focus.This was just my own expectation, though, having very little to do with the game.Why don't I think this is as good as Hexcells?Well, Hexcells always relied on a single move (although there were several possible, at times) that you discovered after a bit of thinking. Mostly by having many constraints and finding just the right combination to put them together and find a new move. Then you could have a few quick moves in succession because of the new insight, until you get stumped again and are in need to a new ""aha!"" moment.This is mostly because every move in Hexcells is a commitment, of sorts. Whether you ""reveal"" or ""hide"" a piece, you're making a final decision. If it's wrong, the game complains and you are penalized on the final score. This is good!SquareCells has some of that, but toned down. Only ""hide"" moves are a final commitment. ""Reveal""s are not. This seems a very small change, but it seemed to influence the puzzles as well: instead of being able to rely on the ""aha!"" moment every time, you sometimes had to try a couple of paths. You would ""Reveal"" certain pieces, and execute the successive new moves hoping to find a contradiction in the rules -- if you did, you simply undo those moves and try another option.This is a small change in the puzzles' logic, but it seemed to be very important, to me. And I didn't enjoy this kind of longer trains of thought.I guess the ""aha!"" moments are simply trains of thought of the same kind, but shorter trains. As a result, you can do them quickly in your head, almost unconsciously, and get a kick from it.When you have to explicitly try out different paths, it gets messy.I hope this didn't get too pseudo-scientific... Perhaps other people will have a greater capacity for this kind of logical thought and find HexCells and SquareCells exactly the same?Either way, SquareCells is still a very solid game! And if you need another dose of HexCells, this is an alternative."
,Recommended,416770,19667034,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,AlphaRage,Very nice follow up to Hexcells. Some tricky and challenging puzzles. Definitely worth it.
,Recommended,416770,21136724,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,kayhmkay,"Very good ambient logic puzzle in the vein of Japanese crosswords.My only two criticisms would be a bit hard to read (small/thin) font, and relatively short gameplay (only 36 levels). Otherwise, a 'perfect' game.If you like nonograms, or minesweeper-like logic puzzles, definitely worth the buy!"
,Recommended,416770,25997639,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Deine Angst,"A thermonuclear cocktail of Nonograms and Minesweeper, which I enjoyed as much as HexcellsSome puzzles might seem frustrating as hell at first glance, but it's later overwhelmed by satisfaction after guessing just the right move and beating the levelPlz, gimme moar"
76561198042619224,Recommended,416770,26076802,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Sun_S,"SquareCells is a puzzle game (and the sequel to the Hexcells series, in case you played those).Deductive logic is at the core of it all: You are presented with a matrix of coloured squares and it's up to you to figure out which ones need to go and which ones can stay. Your only help in this task is a bunch of numbers both on, around and below the matrix. These numbers give you just enough info to figure out the rest on your own. They may inform you how many connected squares there are in a row, or column. Or of how many connected squares an area within the matrix consists. Or how many squares in general still need to go. You will have to pay attention to all of these, and then it will be possible to solve each puzzle entirely with brain power. Guessing is never necessary.The game starts off easy and gets pretty hard towards the end. In the later levels, sometimes you're expected to think a few steps ahead. In case that got too taxing, I found it helpful to take a screenshot and draw ""what if"" scenarios on them (this might just help if you can't wrap your head around a solution, hint, hint).This game may make you feel stupid sometimes but it's rewarding when you finally figure it out. If your strong suits are logic and tenacity, I can give a recommendation."
,Recommended,416770,19585972,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,storebeast,"Squarecells is a continuation of Hexcells, only much leaner and, well, square. Like its predecessors, it presents you with information from which you can deduce the answer without ever having to resort to induction or guessing. Because you have to posit the ""move"" that you feel will best account for the information at hand, it can seem to new players that there is creative leeway, but there is none, and the joy of the game is knowing in advance that you are right, much like seeing a forced mate combination in chess. It took roughly a dozen cups of coffee to finish it, and as with the three Hexcell games last winter, I was left wanting more. Matthew Brown doesn't even need to improve on the formula, in my opinion - he just needs to charge more for his games and start working overtime. Level generators are no substitute - the beauty of these puzzles is in their hand crafted nature.Though I'd give it a perfect score even at double the price, there are some cons. Like in Hexcells, making a mistake means you start over, to get a perfect score. But since the square that you missclicked will have been revealed to you, it is no longer deduction but a solution from memory. The drawback is then that we have to police ourselves, for instance by postponing the second attempt until the mistake is forgotten. It is more decisive here than in hexcells, since the maps are smaller. And like other people have mentioned, the game screen is small even on big monitors.More please."
,Recommended,416770,19571827,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,rolf.sievers,"SquarCells is a puzzle game in which you solve Nonograms with some extra hints.It's a pleasant game, but can't reach the level of Hexcells (by the same author). Try solving a few Nonograms first (you find them for free online) and play this game if you like that kind of puzzle."
,Recommended,416770,22946503,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,madth3,"This game features 36 well crafted nonogram-like puzzles(https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nonogram).* You don't get hints for all the lines* You can get a hint for line with just the total of occupied squares* Some squares can tell you a size of an island of squares (island = a set of adyacent squares)The difficulty goes ramping up and some of the puzzles will require some patience and brains to finish.Pros:* By default, the game comes with a white background but you can change to a dark theme* One mouse button marks a cell as occupied and another opens the square. You can swap the buttons to accomodate your experience in similar games* You can leave a puzzle half done and your advance will be saved* No timer* If you make a mistake, you can reset a puzzle to do it perfectly and obtain all stars (and achievements)* Cheap"
,Recommended,416770,20345223,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,renderboy,"First things first: If you're here because you loved the Hexcells series, you probably won't be disappointed. This is another game from Matthew Brown with deceptively simple mechanics that lead to brain-crumpling lines of logic.Gameplay is 100% mouse-based. Right-click to mark a tile for keeps, left-click to remove it. Finish each board by correctly marking all the keepers and removing all other tiles. The first few levels act as tutorials to help you learn the rules.Like the Hexcells series, the genius of Squarecells is that there's always a ""safe"" move. The hints are there, and if you can follow the logic, you'll never need to guess.It took just over 6 hours for my full playthrough, which included some level resets in order to finish with 100% achievements.I do find the organic forms of the Hexcells boards to be a bit more engaging compared to the square boards of this release, but that's just a personal preference. It certainly won't stop me from purchasing Squarecells Plus or Squarecells Infinite if those happen to follow."
,Recommended,416770,19627374,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Fishzerg,"This is like a hardcore version of minesweeper. You have to use sets of different clues to figure out where ""mines"" are. The game gets harder with every stage, but every single level can be solved by using logic. Some times it will seem that it's impossible and you must guess, but it is never the case.It's sort of a good mix between logic thinking and relaxed ambient music and atmosphere. I definetly recommend this."
,Recommended,416770,28555413,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,knowing,"Good, simple game for those who enjoy having 100% achievement games.Like me...10/10"
,Recommended,416770,19626541,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Deimorz,"SquareCells is pretty much a combination of the developer's previous ""HexCells"" puzzle games and the well-known Picross/nonogram type of puzzles. If you enjoy either of those, or other types of logic puzzles such as sudoku, you'll definitely also find this game enjoyable (along with the HexCells games, if you haven't already played them).Each puzzle is made up of a grid of square cells, with the goal being to remove all the squares that aren't part of the solution. A few different types of clues are provided, and can be used in combination with each other to logically determine which cells are safe to remove. Of particular note is a type of clue that I've only ever seen in this game - numbers written on the squares themselves that indicate what size of a group of squares (connected horizontally or vertically) they are a part of. No guessing is ever required for any of the puzzles, there is always enough information present to be able to progress through the puzzle, though it's often not immediately obvious how to do so (which is where the challenge comes from).For people that have played the HexCells games, there are some noticeable (but fairly minor) improvements to the interface in this game. For example, the number hints on rows/columns now automatically gray out when satisfied, so you don't need to manually mark the hints as completed any more, and there are some nice small indicators showing which row and column your mouse cursor is currently in so that you can find the relevant hints more easily.However, there are also a few odd interface choices that make things a little more difficult than they need to be. Primarily, when you mark a square as being part of the solution (so it should definitely not be removed), it only adds some subtle indicators, instead of doing something more obvious like changing its color. This makes it a little hard to see quickly which squares you've fully decided to keep. It also feels a little strange that the previously-mentioned squares with ""part of a group of x"" hints aren't automatically marked as ""keep"", since there's never a case where they should be removed.One other thing that feels like a small step back from the HexCells games is that you are no longer allowed any mistakes at all if you want to get the full 3 stars from a level. HexCells always gave you one ""free"" mistake, in that you could go on to finish a level after making a single mistake and still receive the maximum rating, but SquareCells is less forgiving. In some of the larger/longer puzzles, it was nice to be able to continue on if I made an error in my thinking, and it can be frustrating here to need to start over in that case.I know this is a difficult problem for the developer to solve, since there definitely needs to be a punishment to prevent people from just guessing wildly whenever they get stuck, but this type of game is completely trivial to cheat on, so in the end you really just need to trust that the player wants to do it ""properly"". Giving a bit of leeway was nice, because when I've spent a long time working my way through a puzzle and make a mistake due to a miscalculation (or even a misclick), my inclination is just to take a screenshot of where I am, restart the puzzle and fill it back in to that point again. I don't want to think through everything from scratch again just to get back to the same state as before.Despite these minor complaints though, I do still highly recommend this game, especially at such a low price. And I hope that the developer intends to keep expanding on the concepts here similar to what he did with the HexCells series, I'll definitely be looking forward to any follow-ups.(Note: edited to remove a section related to the lack of a sfx-only option at launch, since that was added in the 1.1 patch)"
76561198110595954,Recommended,416770,33894981,Posted: 29 July,all,RagnCharran,"This is a great little puzzle game that combines Minesweeper and Picross, with a solid learning curve that starts easy to teach the basics, but steadily (and fairly) climbs to puzzles where figuring out each single square as a yes/no feels like an accomplishment.Despite what all the negative reviews seem to say, these puzzles are all 100% logic solvable with no guessing needed - I was able to work my way through all of them, and when I did make a mistake, I was able, on taking a second look, to figure out what I missed that would have saved me from that wrong move. But each time I made a mistake, I learned from it, reset the puzzle, and started over - and eventually solved them, no guessing or using guides.Only downsides are:1. It would be nice to have a ""maybe"" flag, similar to Minesweeper, for use in testing ""what if it's this square"" theories, without having to keep track of it all in your head.2. There's not a lot of replay value. All the puzzles are pre-made, so once you've beaten them, you know them. But I got 9 hours of distraction out of an $0.89 investment so I'm still feeling I got my money's worth!Fully recommend."
,Recommended,416770,29326877,Posted: 17 January,all,Fairy from space,"Squarecells is a Picross-type puzzle game. There is a grid, in which some cells are filled in and some aren't, and clues as to how many cells in a row or column are filled, or how many cells are in a linked blob; you have to deduce which cells are filled and delete the ones that aren't.But what sets Squarecells apart is the feel and the presentation. As you move your cursor over the grid, the cells make a little noise, and if you're playing in stereo the noise will follow the cursor. And they'll vibrate, and pop apart nicely when you delete them.The biggest issue with the game is that it's quite short; it finishes once you're really getting used to the puzzles, and some of the early ones are trivial. Still, I got four hours out of it, which seems fair. I'd definitely buy a sequel."
76561198067327970,Recommended,416770,32145542,Posted: 2 June,all,gsimonsen,"Excellent puzzle game from Matthew Brown, the genius behind Hexcells.  The rules of engagement are a little different then Hexcells, but if you liked Hexcells, I can't imagine you would not like Squarecells.   The game is pretty short but well worth the price.Sign me up for a Squarecells Infinite as well."
,Recommended,416770,32712761,Posted: 23 June,all,MrAgLi,Such a simplistic design yet still managed to be entertaining. At first I thought the check was too small and would be hard to see in a bigger squares but it was easy to learn. The tutorial/guide given early in the game was hard to understand(for me at least as English is not my mother tongue). Overall entertaining and good. However the replay button is kinda useless because of how much you will remember despite not wanting to.Recommended for those who like MineSweeper and Picross.
,Not Recommended,416770,19836070,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,JoeCool,"Bought this on launch day at full price. Sure it's only $3 but I never buy anything not on sale. That's how big of a fan I am of the HexCells series of games, particularly HexCells Infinite, which I played extensively.Unfortunately, this game didn't deliver the same satisfaction. It has the same feel, the same ambiance, the same simplicity, but that's about the end of the positive comparisons.There is a very limited number of puzzles, probably on par with the original HexCells. But after we've seen the endless randomly-generated gameplay of HexCells Infinite, it's a feature that shouldn't have been left behind.I would say SquareCells is a little more challenging. It makes you think harder. The solutions are a little less intuitive. But that also made it frustrating at times.It's a decent game, but I'd recommend HexCells Infinite instead. It's $2 more for a similar game with endless replay and a bit more fun factor."
76561197991384013,Recommended,416770,25847262,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Andalouse,"Kind of like Minesweeper but better and less annoying. It's truly a neat, little puzzle game that's quite addictive and definitely worth the 89cents I paid for it."
,Recommended,416770,25880123,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,♔籠女籠の中,"Once again, another great game from the dev of Hexcells. SquareCells is easier by comparison.My only complaint is that this game was quite short, but I feel the price accurately reflects the amount of content.Very pleasant and I hope for sequels."
76561198059683164,Recommended,416770,19560997,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Kichkinet,"5 Stars.This game blends everything I like about Sudoku with everything I like about Minesweeper and presents it beautifully. After downloading it, I immediately lost myself for two hours and I intend to play even more.The Mechanics-- Very inuitive and succint. All the necessary information is presented accessibly. Making a mistake in this game is a little more forgiving than in Minesweeper. Rather than forcing you to restart the whole puzzle, the game simply removes one of the stars (out of three) from your score and corrects your mistake.The Presentation-- This game definitely shines in this category. The game is nice to look at. Beautiful, actually. It has a minimalistic design and a calm color palette. The game also has a fun musical aspect to it. Ambient background music is constantly playing and adding to the wonderful mellow mood of the game, and with every click you make, a note plays that complments the background music. It provides audible feedback without being repetetive or irritating at all."
,Recommended,416770,29330670,Posted: 17 January,all,ALargePrime,"A fantastic minimalistic puzzle game from the creator of the Hexcells series. The game isn't just ""hexcells with a square grid"" as others are describing it. It is so much more than that. All in all, I've gotten about 50 hours of enjoyment off Matt Brown's games, for which I've paid about $4. I will certainly purchase the next installment at full price."
,Recommended,416770,26100866,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Nifaro,Interesting little puzzle from the sorts of Hexcells and Minesweeper.A bit confusing at the start but it doesnt cost much so hey ...
,Recommended,416770,19593230,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Lucky Bill Cipher,Shallower than Hexcells (fewer mechanics) but still a pleasant game.Has a built-in save game but it only works if you exit correctly (pressing Exit in the screen).Edit: late night English mistakes.
76561198189992190,Recommended,416770,19956618,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Robby,"From the creator of Hexcells ( a game which I absolutely love and adore)  come a picross game with a couple extra twists.Its a bit easier than the later Hexcells games, but about on par with the first game. A good decent challenge, and the later puzzles will take a while to solve, but not too long overall. It's always interesting to stare at the puzzles and then realize what you'd been missing, and then as you fill in a piece, another thing comes together.Hopefully this follows the the path of Hexcells, there will evetually be a Squarecells Plus that adds another layer of problem solving, then followed by a Squarecells infinite which adds a random generator that makes it go for forever."
,Recommended,416770,24150871,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Baby Driver,One word for each aspect of this game.Story - N/A.Gameplay - Charming.Graphics - Minimal.Sound - Exquisite.Music - Relaxing.Overall - Wonderful.
,Recommended,416770,20150742,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,baja gaijin,"It ain't Hexcells hard, but it's still good."
,Recommended,416770,22816443,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,I love Joe Strim and Lithuania,"Just as amazing as Hexcells, but with enough of a spin on the mechanics to make it an entirely different experience."
,Recommended,416770,21553135,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Girlbeard,"A short but well made puzzle game, similar to Hexcells but with squares (hence the name) instead of hexagons. The puzzles are challenging enough to make you think a little but not so hard as to be irritating. My only gripe is that there aren't enough of them! It would be nice if there was a random puzzle generator like in Hexcells so that you can play a puzzle or two after you have finished the 36 premade ones.If you want a short and simple puzzler in the vein of Minesweeper then this will be a good addition to your backlog, if you're expecting tons of puzzles then you might want to wait for a sale (or pick up Hexcells!). Overall I'd recommend it."
76561198169186261,Recommended,416770,31223256,Posted: 18 April,all,Moog,Another great logic puzzle game. Very rewarding to play
,Recommended,416770,22797119,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,silversuriv,"ReviewAs a casual puzzler, I welcome anything that makes me use a little bit of brain power. From the developer of the Hexcells series (easily my favorite puzzle series - think of Minesweeper but better) comes SquareCells. It is very similar to Hexcells with the exception that your units are composed of squares. You will have similar column, row, group/broken group and adjacent group hints that propel you through the 36 puzzles. The game will last about 5-8 hours depending how strong of a puzzle solver you are.Compared to Hexcells Infinite, you no longer have the ability to infinitely generate puzzles, so 36 is all you will get. The complexity is not quite on the same level either, but the last world of SC was fairly difficult for me, taking about 30-40 min per puzzle. Although the hints are similar, the strategies for solving some of the sections are rather new. One consistent aspect is that you will never have to guess on a unit, nor will you be left with any 50/50 choices like in Fine Sweeper or other Minesweeper clones.ScoreFor fans of the Hexcells series that want a little bit of style change, I definitely recommend getting this game. For anyone else, I heavily suggest playing Hexcells Infinite first.Good- 7/10Before You Buy– analyses of newly released indie games"
,Recommended,416770,19596437,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,SteveWinwood,more please
,Not Recommended,416770,20070022,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,bkzland,"I enjoyed Hexcells a lot and I used to play Picross a lot, still do. This one however, just didn't really enjoy the style of the puzzles. Not a lot of variation going on."
,Recommended,416770,30081837,Posted: 21 February,all,кнαנιιт,"nice enjoyable puzzle game, like a mix of Hexcells  and Nonograms/Picross.could/should have more worlds imo, I 100%ed it in about 2hrs (no guide/help used), but I still recommend it, especially on sale"
,Recommended,416770,19587773,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,DwieSzopyJackson,"A new game from the creator of Hexcells. What more do you need to know?It's a puzzle game, it's simple & addictive, just like Hexcells. It has nice esthetics, just like Hexcells.My only complaints:- the boards should be bigger on bigger resolutions and marking the squares more prominent- the game is short. Then again, it's only 3EUR."
,Recommended,416770,23147938,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,♥Öñçê♥,"Absolutely loved it.Short and cheap puzzle game, in an awesome Hexcells style. I want more. Would surely buy more."
,Recommended,416770,23923916,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Stick Insect,"Probably the best in the _Cells series, the puzzles require and allow for long strings running of a single thought and if it doesn't work out you can just backtrack without losing the perfectionist."
,Recommended,416770,25938390,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Corran,"Made by the same creator as Hexcells. It's the same concept as Picross, but harder. My only complaint is that the colors between marked and unmarked cells don't contrast enough at times."
,Recommended,416770,22909467,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,EvilLost,"Another brilliant puzzle game from the maker of Hexcells.Squarecells is a variation of the traditional picross/nonogram puzzles. Although not as complex as Hexcells, it is a wonderful first entry in a new series.PROS:-Excellent puzzles-Simple interfaceCONS:-Only 36 puzzles-No infinite generationI am a big fan of Hexcells and Squarecells and will definitely buy any future entries in the series."
,Recommended,416770,30171286,Posted: 25 February,all,greevdef,"Short but nice puzzle game.  Got it on sale for a dollar and finished it in about 4 hours.  It's sort of like Picross, but it's unlike anything I've seen so far."
,Recommended,416770,25730899,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Jadelor,"Squares aren't as groovey as hexagonal cells, but it's pretty much what you'd expect after Hexcells. Think minesweeper with an ambient soundtrack, and without all that horrible guesswork."
,Recommended,416770,31617477,Posted: 7 May,all,Kyo Shadows,"Very good puzzle game.I loved the picross series on the DS and when I saw this game I had to get it.Also the music in the background is so calming, this will relax your day as well."
,Recommended,416770,31871629,Posted: 20 May,all,Zaneclodon,"Squarecells is sort of a ""reboot"" of the Hexcells series, using some familiar mechanics in a new way, but departing in some significant ways. Similar to Picross, but with a few tweaks of its own, SquareCells is a unique puzzle game that I enjoyed every moment of. I'd even say that I liked it more than the Hexcells series, and I think those games are fantastic too. The graphics are simple and clean, as they should be, and the ambient music gives the game a great feel. Overall, I think SquareCells is one of the best puzzle games I have ever played."
76561198037461860,Not Recommended,416770,21864044,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Fidget,"Maybe it's just that I played so much Hexcells and got burnt out, but I find something in the basic gameplay here lacking.The puzzles themselves are fine. But there are several small strange and disruptive design decisions that tripped me up every so often.Unless you're particularly into these games, I'd say skip this one."
,Recommended,416770,24751818,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,BluePaw,"From the same developer who made Hexcells.It's a Picross-type puzzle with a bit of minesweeper in it. You have a NxN grid with numbers for each row and column, however instead of filling the right answer and crossing off the wrong, you're removing the wrong and marking the right.If you're familiar with Hexcells, you may already know how the mechanics work; solving them with no mistake is another problem of its self, however.The puzzles gradually get more and more difficult, leaving you to pause and think of what move to make very thoroughly.Worth the cost and great for puzzle lovers.-----Check out more games I see that deserve more attention from my curator group:BluePaw's Underrated Games ListJoin and/or follow if you wish."
76561198074169975,Recommended,416770,22860405,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,PhoenixT1,"Not a bad puzzle game, but Hexcells (same dev) is FAR better."
76561198042400645,Recommended,416770,27847096,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Arkatar,"Matthew Brown at his best.  The only ""con"" I can think of is that it's not ""infinite"", i.e. it only has a limited set of 36 puzzles.  For the price, though, it's still excellent value, as even a 4000+ Hexcells Infinite veteran like me took over 4 hours to complete them all.If you like Hexcells or brainteasers in general, you can't go wrong here, sale or no sale.Now to wait for the Infinite version..."
,Not Recommended,416770,21026901,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,madSimon,"Incredibly short game. No way to turn off the instant ""error"" feedback while you're doing a puzzle, forcing you to do a reset if you're going for 3 stars - but now the puzzle just gave you an answer.It also messes with the normal Nonogram rules, and not in a fun way."
76561198038500302,Recommended,416770,28393014,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Bastargre,"Created by Matthew Brown, so you know it is a good enjoyable puzzle game"
,Recommended,416770,20889745,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Zell,Amazing. I'm late for work and I can't stop playing.
,Not Recommended,416770,22813266,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,ᵛᶫᶺ,"I really want to like this game but I just can't. The biggest problem are 'hints' if a cell was opened but should be flagged. Along with a 'star' mechanic, to unlock the following puzzles I have to solve the previous ones almost with no mistakes. Just please let me f***ing do whatever I want with the puzzle until it's solved instead of constantly breaking the thought process. It is very frustrating itself, and even more frustrating when you missclick. Additionally my eyes bleed after playing it for 30 minutes due to microscopic grid size and toxic colors like white on yellow, light blue and so on.3/10"
,Recommended,416770,22178030,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Failson,I ♥♥♥♥EN LOVE THESE NUMBERS PUZZLES
,Not Recommended,416770,19731674,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,CJ,"The basic principle of picross is widely known. This one was fun, up until the last world where I couldn't get anywhere without trail&error. Altogether it's a pretty short experience, but considering the price this may be okay with some people. To me, I don't want to pay for something with this little content, doesn't matter what the price tag says. So I'm afraid I can't recommend this.On the pro side, it's very clean and got a nice design."
,Recommended,416770,32213598,Posted: 5 June,all,Krako Rotten,"Very entertaining, a little short but it was fun."
,Recommended,416770,19663470,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,TZer0,4 hours of grinding my brain against puzzles.Recommended.
,Not Recommended,416770,21109479,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,fosterite,"Only 36 Puzzles. The parts of the puzzle that aren't just nonograms don't add anything. The game doesn't automatically finish when you're cleared everything without marking the ones to keep, a feature that was in minesweeper at least 20 years ago. There are many far better nonogram games."
,Recommended,416770,32879816,Posted: 27 June,all,michal,"Relaxing, short and nice game!"
,Recommended,416770,28103086,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Bagel Mode,The game is a very simple puzzle game that you'll totally get your money's worth from.
,Recommended,416770,19552181,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Norax,"Pricoss-like game with the new mechanics you can see in the video. 36 puzzles divided in 5 worlds, where the difficulty skyrockets in the last one.If you liked picross, you will like this one.Cons:- Too much white space that may hurt your eyes.- If you get stuck in a level, you may notice how repetitive the music is.Pros:- It's like picross.- The game has to offer 36 puzzles, enough to not feel like it's a repetitive task, being the last ones hard enough to offer a challenge.- The price (3 EUR)"
,Recommended,416770,20386054,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Gargaj,Matthew Brown has become a bonafide professor of aesthetically pleasing puzzle games.
,Recommended,416770,23742716,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,I was a drab little crab once,Much more difficult than Hexcells. Great game.
76561198117374265,Recommended,416770,25841652,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,BatGirlJack,"Wonderfully relaxing, pure logic based gameplay, no guessing required.I really enjoyed this game.Perfect for slow mornings and a big cup of coffee."
76561198030156753,Recommended,416770,28522583,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,The Parting Glass,A solid presentation/tour of the puzzle type.
,Recommended,416770,19561574,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Nooobody,"I need more ""Perfectionist"" achievements on my Profile's Achievement showcase."
,Recommended,416770,19577045,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Turnoverman,"If you liked Hexcells, you'll like this.If you haven't played Hexcells, go play Hexcells.If you didn't like Hexcells, you probably won't like this either."
,Recommended,416770,19567309,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Gnejs,Enoyable puzzle game that might keep you busy a for a few hours :)
76561198049183091,Recommended,416770,19561728,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,CanisLupus4285,Just as evil as the original Hexcells trilogy.Addictive puzzle game.
76561198009795235,Recommended,416770,19588518,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Deutschi,Very good puzzle game
76561197964734519,Recommended,416770,19608056,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Marson,Moar. MOAR. WANT MOAR!
,Recommended,416770,22487531,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,hotdog 🐝 Bzzz,Hexcells with two fewer sides is as good in every way for all the same reasons.
,Not Recommended,416770,33920852,Posted: 30 July,all,LurkusMcGurkus,"From the creator of Hexcells and its sequels, this game just didn't live up to those. It's not that this game isn't fun, and isn't worth a play, it's just doesn't live up to Hexcells and I cannot in good faith recommend it."
,Recommended,416770,28688181,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,CRGNXN,"Worth the small price tag, good for approx 2.5 hours of gameplay to finish. I'm satisfied with the purchase and will keep buying from this developer."
,Not Recommended,416770,20131445,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Goro-Yoshi,Plays like Picross but with added mechanics. Way too little content at the moment.
,Recommended,416770,19546747,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,FokkeAntonides,"Although a hexagon contains 6 sides and a square 4, the latter won't make it more easy to solve !"
76561198103049783,Recommended,416770,25640167,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Cadmium,"It's damn good, like the hexcells games before."
,Recommended,416770,25517706,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Oscaruzzo,"Nice puzzle, not easy at all."
76561197989580996,Recommended,416770,20058675,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Brentnor,"SquareCells is an excellent sucessor to the HexCells trilogy that any fan of nonograms is sure to enjoy.  Every puzzle can be solved by logic and deduction.  Now I'm already looking forward to ""SquareCells Inifinte"" next year.  Thank you Matthew for another awesome game!"
,Not Recommended,416770,21929876,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,CuteFoxeh<3,Too short and too easy. Not worth the 3€ 32 first levels were like childsplay then it got a tiny bit harder but still easy.
,Recommended,416770,19554079,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Nebulous,What's next? TriCells?
,Not Recommended,416770,33562747,Posted: 15 July,all,Njamster,"Recommended only, if you're really into that genre of games!A mashup of minesweeper and picture cross, which could've been great, but actually isn't. Mainly that is because one has to guess at certain points in later levels to solve the puzzles without make a wrong move. That should be a no-go in a logic game! But would be less of a problem, if the game wouldn't tell you immediately after each click, if that selection was right or not. Flagging cells as ""unsure"" (like in minesweeper) would've also helped a ton here. Especially if you're after the full 3-star-rating in each level that quickly becomes a real pain and most later levels are solved more often than not by brute-forcing your way through them, taking a photo and then doing them once more without even thinking it through. Which mentions another major downside: the 36 levels presented are not random. So there's no real replayablility."
76561198010378698,Not Recommended,416770,19591642,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,j1tk0k,I was able to solve all the puzzles in 3 hours. That 1 dollar per hour of Gameplay.It would have been nice to have a random puzzle generator like Hexcells infinite. Good game but I can't recomend it without the puzzle generator.
,Not Recommended,416770,19591077,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,jynn,"This game bills itself as a logic puzzle game, however many of the puzzles do not contain all of the information necessary to solve them, requiring guesses rather than straight reasoning within the system it creates. This is annoying. Not recommended."
,Recommended,416770,21359438,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,ettglasjuice,"Puzzles in the style of Sudoku or Picross. No guess work, every puzzle has enough clues to work your way through it. Not as insanely satisfying as the more Minesweeper-esque Hexcells but a soothing and somewhat challenging experience non the less.3/5"
76561198057195729,Recommended,416770,21417132,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,STILLBORN,Zaebis
,Recommended,416770,30437484,Posted: 10 March,all,wyulf,"if you enjoyed hexcells, do give this a spin. very much in the same vein; logic puzzles and all, but this one also meshes in picross/nonogram, and as a result, adds a different dimension to it.looking forward to more of these types of games from the dev."
,Recommended,416770,19949580,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,XIST_,"Made by the creator of the HexCells series, SquareCells is another fantastic puzzle game that I will be recommending to many puzzle addicts such as myself. If I had to describe the game to a newcomer, I would say it is similar to picross, with a few added mechanics that work perfectly. Even if you are a picross master, SquareCells throws a few new twists into the classic game that will completely change the way you solve.While there aren't many puzzles here (especially compared to HexCells Infinite), there is still plenty of fun to be had with these challenging brain-teasing puzzles. At this point, it goes without saying, but especially due to its low cost I would highly recommend SquareCells if you are either a fan of HexCells, picross or just challenging puzzles."
,Recommended,416770,19574904,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Cloks,"If you've played any of Matthew Brown's other games then you know what you're in for and you should buy this. If not, Squarecells is a well made logic puzzle game at a great price."
76561197999648477,Recommended,416770,19563748,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Mysterrical,"Betcha can't play just one!  Addictive...like a designer drug, or salty-sugary snackfood, the challenge-reward cycle will keep you chasing the dragon."
,Recommended,416770,19683477,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,LittleNose,"A nice little puzzle game to chill out with - nice ramping up with the challenge, amient relaxing sound, and a simple + cleanly designed interfaceOnly a few of minor issues that would make this game better:1/ It would be nice for the play screen to scale a little larger.2/ It's occasionally frustrating when playing on a laptop with the right click occasionally being mistaken for a left click.3/ A few more levels, but this is a minor gripe as the game is dirt cheap (£2); Ben and I have already had ~4 hours with it."
76561198025645881,Recommended,416770,19704239,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,john.val-amart,"excellent puzzle game! superb linux compatibility. puzzles are really good, always challenging but never leaving you without an option to progress if you look carefully; you never have to guess and they always have only one solution. soundtrack is soothing but slightly repetetive. the game is somewhat short (85% complete in 3hrs) but well worth the low price. *thumbs up*"
,Recommended,416770,19596433,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,theadods,"It's like Hexcells but Square, It's like Minesweeper but without the mine, It's more like Pokemon Picross without Pokemon Picture, just something that prevent you from getting 3 star if you messed up.If you like Puzzle like the three I said above, you might like this. The Cons of this game is just to short, i hope they gonna make ""Infinite"" version in the future, just like Hexcells Infinite, but still recommended"
76561198015924455,Recommended,416770,19600244,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,NiC ♠,"Be it Picross, Minesweeper or Nurikabe, as long as Matthew Brown keeps reinventing classics, every puzzle-lover should be happy.Easy 5/5."
,Recommended,416770,19644947,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,TheWootTrain,This is a fantastic little game to play in your spare time. I really enjoyed its puzzling nature and peaceful background music. The only thing I disliked was that there wasn't more!
76561198004145760,Recommended,416770,19654235,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Avenger8,Matthew Brown does it again. If you were a fan of hexcells then you'll enjoy this too. It's like a combination of nonograms and mine sweeper with some hexcells elements. As with his other games I just wish there were bigger and harder puzzles. They can all be logically solved and I really do enjoy putting in the time to solve them.
76561198105019169,Recommended,416770,19659487,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Twisted Rhythm,"This game is a good value. Pricing is very reasonable. Because of this I'll be happy to actually tell people about it.If you're persistent, I'm willing to bet you can use this game to train yourself to use procedural logic. It seems as though it punishes you if you get impatient and try to rush, which is a good thing. It exposes the flaws in your logic and forces you to think differently.Row by row, column by column, no shortcuts, and remember that some of the rules must be inferred.If they release a decent size DLC with new puzzles, I'll buy that too.(FYI for the maker, it was the UI that drew me in.)"
,Recommended,416770,19590726,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Cyril,"It's a kind of variant of picross and it's pretty neat because you do have to think in different ways than standard picross. Presentation is the same basic style as Hexcells which I am a-ok with and the puzzle design is pretty solid, difficulty curve is a lot larger than the first hexcells game as well, the last row of puzzles is mostly quite challenging. I think this could end up being a lot more involved than hexcells ever was (not that hexcells is bad, it's great, I have over 100 hours in Infinite so) if he makes more games in this series. I'd quite like more games like this, personally."
76561198030573992,Recommended,416770,19708539,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,SgtJacobs,"Nice puzzle game, bit easier than Hexcells."
76561197964415321,Recommended,416770,19715175,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,tehKage,It is tough to decide whether SquareCells is my favrouite or Hexcells plus.Both have great music and clever puzzels.I found this game highly addictive and fun!
,Recommended,416770,19755281,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Vitalus101,"SquareCells is an excellent puzzle game reminiscient not only of the creator's Hexcells series, but also of Picross from the Nintendo handheld systems. It is not an exact carbon copy, but it certainly takes liberal inspiration from it. That said, it is an excellent rendition of this puzzle idea and is absolutely worth the price tag. I played it straight in one sitting, completing all of the puzzles in about 3.5 hours, so keep that in mind."
,Recommended,416770,19559534,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,smileyKiD,"This is a great combination of marvelous ""Hexcells"" and Picross. Just like ""Hexcells"", this is a 36-level puzzle game you need to be careful and be logical on every clicks you make. I really enjoy it.With a very cheap price, if you love ""Hexcells"", ""SquareCells"" is worth for you to buy."
,Recommended,416770,20863413,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Therac-25,"Adaquate followup to Hexcells.  I do hope that there will be a followup or two to this, as it's a good concept, just the puzzles are kind of bland."
,Recommended,416770,21251045,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,EvilMath,Squares are way harder than hexes. Who'd have thought?
,Recommended,416770,21200809,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,HamMomock,"When I found out that you can hold the mouse button down and drag it over multiple squares to mark them  simultaneously, I started crying, overwhelmed by sheer wonder and amazement.Not as fun as Hexcells, but still very good and sometimes much harder than our hexagon pal"
,Recommended,416770,21051931,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,xav33,Great game! If you like Hexcells you will enjoy the square version just as well. It's hip to be square.
,Recommended,416770,30723977,Posted: 25 March,all,Pur3Bolt,Very nice and easy to understand puzzle game to pass the time. It is short though.
,Recommended,416770,21894978,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Lilith白莲花 -27-,its hip 2 b square
,Recommended,416770,21021098,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Bugbeard,"While SquareCells does perhaps not reach the same level of puzzle-euphoria as developer Matthew Brown's Hexcells games, it is still a very cool puzzle game. If the Hexcells games are (broadly) a sort of riff on Minesweeper (exceptgood) then this is a take on Picross/Nonograms.Like Brown's previous games SquareCells also has a very clean, minimalist presentation, and a calm, meditative atmosphere thanks to its ethereal music and sound design.It probably won't prove especially difficult for actual smart human beings, but to my moronic face it was challenging enough that I felt like a real puzzle lord when I completed the latter puzzles without mistakes.Recommended, especially at its currently miniscule price.Rating: :)"
,Recommended,416770,21009641,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Lowbacca1977,"This is from the same developer as HexCells, which is a great game as well. For just a few bucks, this is a good 4 hours or so of puzzle solving. If you liked the past ones, this one is just as good."
,Recommended,416770,20996797,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,joeyk86,"As good as Hexcells, but i think the puzzles are easier."
76561198138720239,Recommended,416770,21023825,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Sidewalk Songbird,"Alright little puzzle game, little on the short side. If you like this you'll like Hexcells and Paint it Back."
76561197981706607,Recommended,416770,21373521,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Amalzain,"This is a cross between Picross and HexCells, further minimizing the amount of information available for you to figure out the underlying 'image' (pattern might be a better word). It requires a lot of the lateral thinking of HexCells, especially in the later levels.  There aren't a huge number of levels available (36 total), and it took me around 3 hours to get perfects on all of them (although I did 'cheat' after the second non-3-star failure, copying down the final pattern and inputting it).  There were maybe a half dozen that I didn't get perfect on the first try.  I got it on sale, so I definitely got my money's worth, but I don't know if I could recommend the game for regular price - you'd probably be better off going for Hexcells infinite to get the best bang for your buck.  Still, if you've played through the Hexcell games, or are addicted to Picross, this is a good, short way to scratch the same itch."
,Recommended,416770,21499072,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,krayzkrok,"Another excellent puzzle game by Matthew Brown, and for 3 bucks it's a steal. It took me perhaps 7 hours to complete every puzzle perfectly (mostly playing offline, so Steam time is meaningless). Yes, it's a bit like Picross at first, but then a Hexcells-like concept is introduced: numbers within the grid tell you how many squares are in a connected group. This makes for some neat logic puzzles, particularly if you're aiming for a perfect solution (each error loses you a star). It can be a bit frustrating on the longer puzzles to make a silly mistake near the end and have to start over (assuming you want a perfect score, as if we wouldn't). I think Hexcells is probably the better game, but this is still absolutely worth your time if you like contemplative logic puzzles with a relaxing soundtrack. Pity there's no infinite mode."
76561198065368004,Recommended,416770,22037795,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,labrarotta,"I found this game to be quite challenging. I finished all the Hexcell games without cheating so I'm not a complete idiot, but this had a couple puzzles where I had to just guess."
,Recommended,416770,20146803,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,AtkinsSJ,"Matthew Brown givesPicrossthe same treatment he gaveMinesweeperin Hexcells. It's a short game, but that's reflected in the price, and it's still really good. If he keeps making this style of game forever I'll probably buy all all them and be very happy."
,Recommended,416770,20238240,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,lacfac,Love this simple yet challenging puzzler! I have spent many hours on this beauty and it led me to discovering the creator's predecessor to this. Can't recommend this enough for people looking for a great way to pass some time. Eagerly awaiting some expansions!
,Recommended,416770,19846839,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Mozzius,"This is an incredibly satisfying puzzle game. It is similar to sudoku, but maintains its ""pacing"" throughout each puzzle, meaning that at no point the task is insurmountable, leading to a challenging, yet very fun game. Given its price I would throughly recommend it - 9/10"
76561198072179155,Recommended,416770,19898825,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Shadowww,"The idea behind the game is great, and I liked some of the levels, namely the ones where YOU DON'T NEED TO GUESS! If I wanted a guessing game, I would have bought a guessing game, not a puzzle game. As the levels get harder and harder, there appears to be more and more guessing as to what goes where, to the point where the levels are incompletable on the first go.Level 31 is the level I am currently stuck on, and I refuse to  guess and finish the level by trial and error, because for a puzzle game where it should be completable entirely with logic, trial and error in my books is cheating. If you like being able to cheat when a puzzle is too hard, if you have no patience, then this is the game for you.That all being said, the levels that can be finished in the first go using logic are incredibly fun, and definately worth playing."
76561197979413802,Recommended,416770,20378687,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Gabenbringer,"Really cool puzzle game, but waaaaaay to short.About 4 hours and you are done. :-(Needs more Levels!!!"
,Recommended,416770,23219560,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Lasse,"Great puzzle. I found it a little easier than the also magnficent HexCells, but still worth every penny."
,Recommended,416770,23290909,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Adorufu Hitoraa,"Highly enjoyable, good quality puzzles, cheap.I see no reason not to reccomend this."
76561198052421948,Recommended,416770,23633851,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,iamoffline,"if you like hexcells, you will very likely enjoy this.my braincells say thank you, mr brown."
,Recommended,416770,22814856,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,.ĐĿ. Cрезена,"A nice game but not nearly as good as HexCells. The challenge is much lower and the game is way too short. We need a HexCells Infinite I guess. With the square instead of hex its not much more than a nonogram with some interesting clue types which would be cool if there weren't so few of them.Once you've beaten them all  and are waiting for Infinite to come out, I suggest getting your fix by doing the 25x25 (or weekly 30x30) puzzles at brainbashers. Theyre free and can be quite challenging.https://www.brainbashers.com/shownonogrid.asp"
76561197998886660,Recommended,416770,22811583,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Bellzebub,"Great little time waster along the lines of minesweeper.  Good way to waste a few hours for those that like a casual game to fill a spare 10 minutes of the day akin to solitaire, minesweeper, or mahjong.SquareCells is not fancy but quite enjoyable for a casual puzzler.Only gripe is the game appears to be a port with few settings or controls.  Whilst this is mostly a non-issue i do like to disable music and turn down the sound when playing  a casual game.For the casual puzzlers it is well worth picking up for a dollar or two."
,Recommended,416770,22812438,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Super Dan!!!,Great puzzles.
76561197972465191,Recommended,416770,22819915,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Cvphilo,"This is a rather tentative thumbs up. If you have not played all the Hexcells games, get those and play them. They are decidedly better. If you have exhaused those and all the user-designed levels on Reddit (as I have), get this.Why is it is weaker than Hexcells? Well, you know, sophomore slump, regression toward the mean, whatever. Hexcells is brilliant. It feels like the perfect puzzle game. With this one, Mr. Brown found a good mechanic, but just not that good. I have not worked out all the theory, but basically there is just not as much he could do with it. There are only so many ways to create a logical constraint here, fewer than Hexcells and not as clever feeling. And many of them involve a lot of counting, which gets really tedious. I cannot put my finger on exactly why, but it is just not as fun.I finished it in two sittings. Only a few of the levels really felt as satisfying as a decent Hexcells level feels (let alone the brilliant ones). Maybe Mr. Brown has some other mechanics up his sleeve, along with some new levels, as with the Hexcells series. As is, however, this is merely a solidly good puzzle game. It is clearly worth the modest price if you like such games (clearly better than the plethora of ""draw the line"" games), but it is simply no Hexcells."
,Recommended,416770,22844969,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Denilson Sá,"This is a variation of the famous Nonogram/Picross puzzle. It includes a couple of new hints, which changes the way you solve it:* The numbers at the borders describe how many consecutive cells are marked in that row/column.* A number within brackets at the border describe how many cells in total are marked in that row/column.* A number inside a cell indicates that cell is part of a 2D group of connected cells with that size. Cells are connected only in vertical or horizontal directions.* The number at the bottom shows how many uncovered cells are yet to be removed from the puzzle.This is a very enjoyable game, together with the Hexcells family of games (all of these from the same developer). All of the puzzles can be solved using pure logic.As a bonus, you can also toggle the graphics between light or dark style."
,Recommended,416770,22998847,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,IceStorm,Great game. Maybe not as good as Hexcells but it is not that far off. Defintely worth buying if you like puzzle games.
76561198023019827,Recommended,416770,19701983,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,buttonmasher,"Overall: GoodDifficulty: Medium-lowComments:- The puzzles are basically variations of nonogram/picross-type puzzles, except without the picturesLikes:- Relaxing- I enjoy deductive logic puzzlesDislikes:- Only a few of the puzzles were a little challenging- The marked tiles don't stand out enough. They should be in a contrasting color instead."
,Recommended,416770,22498374,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Knurek,"This game answers the age old question - what would happen if nonograms and nurikabe had a baby.10/10, I'm immensely looking forward to Squarecells+"
,Recommended,416770,22834513,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,unwiredben,A really nice followup to the Hexcells series.  It was over too fast!
,Recommended,416770,23088446,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Dapgo,"My Favorite in the Hexcells/Squarecells series, every puzzle is completely solvable without guessing a single click so it is a good challenge to try and solve without any mistake. Definitely would recommend for people who like sudoku/minesweeper (without ms randomness)"
,Recommended,416770,22901102,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,oneirossd,Great logic puzzle game.
,Recommended,416770,22926457,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,El Indyo,"Simple gameplay, relaxing music, logical puzzles. Disturbingly addictive. Excellent little game for a little price."
,Recommended,416770,22926079,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Daphoeno,"After finally completing the game and unlocking all of the achievements, I'd like to give my final overall view on this product...Pros:- Very challenging puzzles with increasing difficulty- Great atmospheric music and sfx- brilliant art style- The ability to flag squares that may or may not be in the pattern (unlike in hexcells)Cons:- Some of the colour schemes don't work at all and can make it difficult to play (this seems to be mostly fixed when using the dark colour scheme)- A couple of the final puzzles required some guesswork which I don't enjoy in a puzzle game. (Hexcells also included puzzles similar to this and I feel like this game had reduced this considerably, however, it was still noticably present)Overall rating: 4/5I think this is a brilliant game however it still needs work and isn't quite on par with the previous hexcells game, although, saying this, hexcells was missing some features that would have made it a better game, some of which were in this game (the ability to flag tiles, for example). At the price provided, I feel that this game is definitely one to add to your collection, especially if you played and enjoyed the previous Hexcells games.Well done on another brilliant game,Matthew Brown"
76561198022266051,Recommended,416770,24149427,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,OakenPants,"Not nearly as good as Hexcells.  Go try Hexcells first.Hexcells I understand.  This, while more-or-less the same idea of uncovering a pattern using logic, SquareCells was for memuchmore difficult and less enjoying.  But again, that's just me.  It's still superbly done.  Overall:  7 out of 10."
76561198029337461,Recommended,416770,24374240,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Killermouse,"If you like Hexcells, Hexcells Plus and Hexcells Infinite, you will also love Squarecells. The puzzles are simple to understand, but hard to master.To those who don't know the previous games, Squarecells shows you a ""gameboard"" filled with squares. Only given the numbers at the columns and rows and on some of the squares, you need to figure out, which squares you need to keep, and which ones you need to remove. Thats all. All puzzles are solved with logic and with no need to guess. The first puzzles are easy but the puzzles becomes gradually more and more difficult.The game is great, stable, cheap pricetag, and have good steam achivements. The game is very addictive, and you just continue untill you have solved all the puzzles. I only wish there were more than the 36 puzzles, maybe a random generator.Gametype: Logic puzzlesRating: 10/10 - strongly recommeded"
,Recommended,416770,24143857,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,TubeWarrior,"Squarecells is an excellent, excellent puzzle game. I find it totally adicting. It's a logic puzzle where you try to determine where the marked squares are using numeric hints. It bares some similarity to games like Minesweeper and Sudoku, but it's unique from either of them. There are 36 puzzles included in the game, all crafted by the developer. It's well worth the incredibly low entry price. My only complaint is that there's no way that I can find to erase your save data (you can replay levels, but there's no way to erase your high score or mark them unplayed)."
76561198067158104,Recommended,416770,20904143,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,'Gigmister,I Have Played about 30 hours of this game and i have enjoyed every one of them. This is a game about numbers. Its a combination of sudoku and minesweper. It is very simple yet challenging game. I would recomend to anyone that likes number games.
,Recommended,416770,23060597,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,LonM,"This is another good puzzle game from Matthew Brown.The game's puzzles use simple rules denoting positions of groups of 'active' cells in a grid, and you need to mark them. This is in some ways similar to Hexcells, but focuses more on a square grid. The puzzles can all be solved using logic, and in this game there is no hover-to-cheat bug, as was present in hexcells.One downside to this is that some of the level colours are a bit hard to look at [bright colours with white highlights].But overall, if you liked Hexcells, or logic pizzles in general, you'll be sure to like this."
76561198013881309,Recommended,416770,25383027,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,stian.rodland,"I played this game by Matthew Brown after having played through the Hexcells series.And my recommendation is that:*This game is best suited for those who have already played a couple of brain teaser games before.*If you are considering to try a game of this type for the first time, I recommend that you start with Hexcells rather than SquareCells because it is an easier start.*Do not cheat (use game guide), because then the game becomes very short.*Enjoy ..."
76561198023285943,Recommended,416770,20417491,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Tgen,Brilliant game!The next gen of griddlers!
,Recommended,416770,20366326,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Bigshot ✪,This game really feeds the brain.
,Recommended,416770,20404554,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Zabuzan,"Was a big fan of the previous Hexcells games and just happened to be looking for another puzzle game to try out when I spotted this in the store (which I wasn't previously aware of at all), conveniently by the same developer!Another very satifsying and cleverly crafted puzzle game, the difficulty curve throughout seems very good with the last 2 or 3 being a massive step up in requirement from all that came before. The same overall feel as Hexcells was also nice feature - calming, relaxing, crisp and subtly complex.The full game took me about 5 hours to play through at a fairly relaxed pace, ignore the steam time tracker as I was playing offline and it didn't seem to record my play time properly - I have finished it all and it's well worth putting in the time to do so!For me there were multiple points as I reached higher levels where I actively registered a new logical pattern and how to deal with it. Very satisfing to develope this as the game progresses and the puzzles get larger and more complex.If you are a fan of puzzle games, this is a must. Highly recommend!"
76561197974708447,Recommended,416770,20388932,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Jady,"Love Hexcells, this one's another gem. Bonus for the dev being a pretty awesome guy."
,Recommended,416770,20413365,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Obos,"Another great puzzle game from this developer. If you liked Hexcells (or Minesweeper, or Picross) this is another great set of puzzles. Same chill music and audio chimes as the previous puzzle games, as well. A+"
,Recommended,416770,20464765,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,nattyrez,Relaxing puzzle game with a few mechanics from Minesweeper. Calm ambient music. Good step up in difficulty from Matthew Brown's other Hexcell puzzle games. Would love a SquareCells Plus or Infinite.
76561198254344875,Recommended,416770,20441623,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Another Bob,"I liked how the game quickly moved up in difficulty, but not faster than I could keep up.  Each level required more thought time as I considered the clues.  It was almost always possible to get there.A couple times I felt I had to make a guess, though to be honest, I might just have missed something.  There were also a couple of times I believe I found an alternative solution that was valid and was penalized.But, overall, a lot of fun.  And on the hardest levels, enjoyable enough to go back and try again to improve the score."
,Recommended,416770,20642179,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,S[Y]L,"If you liked Hexcells, you'll like this. Do note that there is a button to change the mapping of the mouse controls, which I haven't noticed until I finished the game..."
,Recommended,416770,20712078,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,stabbyjones,So far its much easier than hexcells. The size of the board  dictates puzzle difficulty here.Maybe it's just from years of minesweeper that I'm more comfortable with the square format.I would recommend going through the series in order.
,Recommended,416770,20711923,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Scott Alan Miller,"Another awesome puzzle game from Matthew Brown.  This time, instead of hexagons, it is squares.  Not dissimilar from the older Hexcells trilogy, the square shape does make for a slightly different puzzle format.  I certainly hope that Matthew decides to do another trilogy and follow this with SquareCells Plus and SquareCells Infinite, that would be perfect.  These are fun, relaxing and challenging. If you liked Hexcells, one of the best puzzle games ever, you will like this as well."
76561198027239685,Recommended,416770,20113786,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,arkton,"Fantastic game. I loved the Hexcells games, and this is of the same type - now picross-like but with different kind of clues. Quite challenging but solvable with pure logic. I'm looking forward to further Cells games!"
,Recommended,416770,20023446,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Aristophan,"If you liked Hexcells, then you you will enjoy this game."
76561198233103040,Recommended,416770,20101648,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,spiritglyph,"It's logic puzzles. Clever, challenging logic puzzles. If you like this sort of thing, it's quite good."
,Recommended,416770,20103099,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Silverle,"Okay, before I start... SquareCells Plus and SquareCells Infinite, please? Take my money.So this game is another gem created by Matthew Brown. It has different elements than Hexcells, and they are more difficult to get a grasp on. But by no means does that make this a bad game. I can't put into words how much I love this game, and how much I love the Hexcells trilogy, and how much I love Matthew Brown...okay, is that too weird? Sorry.Anyways, there are three main ""rules"" to this game. 1: Squares do not connect diagonally. 2: Numbers without brackets indicate the order blocks that are part of the pattern are in. 3: Numbers with brackets indicate only the number of blocks in the row, not the order they are in. 4: Numbers on blocks indicate that that block is a part of a group of blocks the size of the number shown.I guess that was four rules...so yeah. Seems simple, right? WRONG! These puzzles are delightfully challenging, especially the second half. The thing is, there's no guesswork involved. You just have to use pure logic to solve them. And logic is similar to common sense, of which I have none, so I'm not the greatest at the game. But I'm okay with that, I still love it to death.I can't wait for a sequel or two of this series, hence my question at the beginning. Matthew Brown is, in my opinion, one of the best puzzle game developers of all time."
,Recommended,416770,20307563,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,adamjadair,Great puzzle game! I like it as much as the Hexcells games.
,Recommended,416770,20342182,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,STV,"Love Hexcells (I have all variants).  Bought this as a follow up and I have enjoyed it as much.Hexcells infinate added a custom generator which this doesn't have so the number of puzzels is fixed at this time.  But they are hard puzzles.The first thing you realise is that the counter is not the number of tiles that are correct, it is the number of empty tiles that need to be removed.  Marking a tile as occupied doesn't affect the current game, but it throws you later.As with all the games like this, the information presented in the squares is only part of the way of solving the problem which is why you can get stuck, there are two unwritten rules that become obvious after a while, and when you learn them (no spoiler here) it will help solve some of the puzzles.Finally, as hard as it is, there isn't guesswork to determine the outcome.  On one puzzle I had two squares remaining for over an hour.  I came back the next day and immediately saw the problem.Overall I wish it was longer, but having said that, I still have 5 puzzles to solve and I'm 9 hrs in."
,Recommended,416770,25091749,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Ava Tris,"Relaxing, highly addictive. Hoping to see Plus and Infinite versions one day."
76561198027124583,Recommended,416770,24664420,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,mizufae,"After chugging through The Witness I had a puzzle itch to scratch but I wanted something cleaner, more pure, something where alternate viable solutions don't come back to bite you in the behind. Thinking longingly about an alternate universe where I'd never played HexCells and could play it all again for the first time, I checked if Matthew Brown had published any new games. Lo, he had! I bought it immediately.SquareCells is slightly less beautiful feeling than HexCells - I feel less like I'm revealing underlying art with each puzzle - but it is also a little more forgiving without sacrificing puzzle difficulty. The mechanics are simpler and require less explanation, but the resultant interactions are just as complex. I didn't really have to stop and think until somewhere around puzzle 20, but the first 20 were satisfying to solve nonetheless.I'm pleased by the dark theme option, but I wish there were a way to choose slightly less jarring colors for the accents on each ""world"" of puzzles. Staring at 100% saturated red blocks kinda harshes my puzzle buzz, you know? Either an adjustable slider for saturation or different palette theme options would be a fantastic addition for the inevitable (fingers crossed) sequels.SquareCells is a great contribution to its genre and an example of thoughtful puzzle construction. I wouldn't suggest it for complete beginners but for a new puzzler looking for a challenge without any gotchas it feels pretty ideal."
,Recommended,416770,22903486,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Cycl0ps,"I have just beaten all 4 games in the Cells series.  I've been working on this more or less since december, and now it's finally over.The first three games I played: Hexcells, Hexcells Plus and Hexcells Infinite were a lot of fun.  Very challenging, very enjoyable.   I bought SquareCells out of my dedication to the series so far.  It had problems but was not terrible.  The colors on some levels were too bright making the numbers hard to read, especially on the light blue levels.I enjoyed this game, but play the Hexcells games first if you're new to the series.  Thank you for the amazing games Matthew, keep up the good work"
,Recommended,416770,28090639,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Bloodcrow,"If you like games like Everyday Genius: Square Logic (get it if you don't have it already) and Hexcells, you're going to enjoy SquareCells. Minimal, yet incredibly complex when you start solving puzzles on the 3rd row or so, SquareCells goes easy on you at first, letting you develop different solving techniques that build on one another. But once you have the hang of it, SquareCells will give you a challenge that leaves you feeling like you've achieved something every time you complete a puzzle with no errors. Gotta get those three stars!Like: night mode, clean, minimal design, can reset a puzzle with no penaltyUnlike [sic]: the option to turn off the music is difficult to see in day (default) mode."
,Recommended,416770,28315465,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,sex✞bishop,"If you liked Hexcells, you're gonna like this one too (and it goes the other way too). Not for the impatient. The only con is that it reuses the music from Hexcells, so no new ambient for us :("
76561198001889268,Recommended,416770,28438259,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,HunterBill,"As relaxing and as easy to understand as the Hexcells trilogy. If you have enjoyed one or all of these previous games, you should definitely go for SquareCells."
,Recommended,416770,26981219,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Cron ¯\(ツ)/¯,"If you enjoyed Hexcells and want another challenge, definitely worth picking up."
,Recommended,416770,26756692,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Frostilyte,"Squarecells is a neat little puzzle game that I rather enjoyed playing. It's not tremendously complex as it relies on simple logic, but it was quite nice to sit down and play through a few puzzles a day for a few weeks much like I would do a sudoku puzzle or word scramble puzzle in the morning paper. If you are looking for a game about logic puzzles then Squarecells might be worth picking up."
,Recommended,416770,19847206,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,reynn,"This game is a mix between nonograms (or Picross if you know that one) and Hexcells. I love both of those and SquareCells cancels the main problem nonograms have out. Nonograms tend to get easier the closer you get to their solution. SquareCells doesn't do that.So how does it work?At the beginning of each puzzle, you see a grid with coloured square blocks. In each column and line there is a set amount of blocks that need to be marked while the rest needs to be removed. Nonograms work the same way but they normally give you the exact number of blocks that need to be marked in each column and line and even tell you how they are connected. But as you can see on the screenshots, SquareCells doesn't do that all the time. Instead it gives you other hints like a number directly on the blocks themselves. That means a set number of marked blocks are connected to the one with the number on it. Or maybe there is a number in brackets next to a line, which means that in this line there are x number of blocks to be marked, but their connection to each other is not clear. Later in the game even the counter below the puzzle, which tells how many blocks still need to be removed, is to be considered.The game does a very good job of introducing the player to its rules and it gets progressively harder. It's hard for me to tell, whether the difficulty of the last puzzles of SquareCells is on par with the difficulty of the last ones in Hexcells Infinite but they are definitely not easy.But SquareCells also has one or two things, that might be a problem for you.Hexcells Infinite had a random puzzle generator which SquareCells doesn't have. Personally, I don't care about that, because the randomly generated puzzles in Hexcells weren't as challenging as the rest of the game and I found them boring most of the time.Another thing is the colour scheme of the game. In my opinion the marked blocks don't distinct themselves very well from the not marked ones. After staring at a puzzle for a few minutes, it almost gives me a headache distinguishing the marked blocks from the normal ones. Mr. Matthew Brown patched a dark colour scheme option into the game recently and this helps a little bit with that issue but more contrast between marked and not marked blocks would still be nice.All in all I really enjoyed SquareCells and I hope there will be another one. Please Mr. Brown :), I would buy it without hesitation."
76561198034291138,Recommended,416770,28718311,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,discovery26,Great game with nice music
76561198025306820,Recommended,416770,28663453,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,totorotipping,10/10 worth full price.
76561197968572375,Recommended,416770,20983130,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Sigil of ...,"Another pure logic (no guesses necessary) puzzler, by the same developer as the superb Hexcells series.A slightly different puzzle mechanic, but just as satisfying to solve.  Two thumbs up!  I want more!As with the first Hexcells release, the User Interface isn't as helpful as I'd like, but it's always possible to work the math backwards for the missing critical hint.  (The game tells you how many tiles *remain* to be removed, but not how many total need to be removed except before your first move, and it never tells directly how many tiles need to be marked, either the total or remaining count.  Do yourself a favor, and write down the total number to be removed when you start the later puzzles, so you can work out the corresponding number of total tiles to be marked.  If you're like me, and can only grab brief times to play, solving the later puzzles can stretch over days, and the original numbers are quickly forgotten if not written down.)"
,Recommended,416770,33408039,Posted: 9 July,all,durnsey,"Not as good as hexcells, simply due to the lesser range of possibilities. Still the same concept, and still smart, intuitive and difficult, so still a buy."
76561198111654939,Recommended,416770,30234235,Posted: 27 February,all,ospond,"SquareCells is a great game to play when trying to relax your mind or fall asleep. Like HexCells, it's designed to be visually and conceptually elegant, and the logic puzzles themselves are varied enough to stay interesting. Although it only takes a few hours to beat the game, I recommend it in the highest of terms."
,Recommended,416770,30330034,Posted: 4 March,all,cheesyluigi,"In my opinion much more difficult than Hexcells (having only played the 1st one). Absolutely worth the cost. I found myself thinking about the levels even when I wasn't playing! Took a few attempts to understand the rules, but overall it's a wonderful little puzzle game."
,Recommended,416770,29391457,Posted: 20 January,all,KipofMudd,"Not sure why my play time is so low. I beat it in probably 2 hours, not 0.6. it could probably be beaten in less play time if you're better at this stuff than I am.Anyway, this is an amazing puzzle game. It's not math intensive or anything really so don't be swayed by the numbers to much, but be sure you can count to 14 at least.You have to figure out how many things need to be removed and how many things are part of the image you are left with at the end of the level based off of the number cues. Not much more to say other than this is a phenomenal puzzle game"
76561198080833647,Recommended,416770,30088419,Posted: 21 February,all,Durgine,Good puzzle game
76561198024050400,Recommended,416770,30073679,Posted: 20 February,all,iHugTrees ^_^,"This game certifies that (your name here) is a genius.Thank you for playing this game, and also Hexcells.  You're a true blue trooper!"
,Recommended,416770,30070490,Posted: 20 February,all,Nalgas D. Lemur,"I'm not sure how I missed a Matthew Brown game. It's not quite another Hexcells, but I enjoyed it. The puzzle design in those is amazing, while these just feel pretty good. It's kind of a hybrid of Picross and Nurikabe, which seems to be his thing: mashing together rules from existing puzzle types/games to create something new (along with good minimalist presentation which somehow always has one UI element with too little contrast). It's fairly short, but also fairly cheap and fairly good."
,Recommended,416770,30113557,Posted: 22 February,all,adrianwhm,+1
,Recommended,416770,31329523,Posted: 23 April,all,Saiichi Hashimoto,"It requires similar thinking as HexCells, but is in no way derivative. It's still a very interesting game and Matthew Brown finds a way to build levels that challenge you."
,Recommended,416770,32963358,Posted: 28 June,all,Mr_Loon,"Great relaxing pizzle game, from the maker of HexCells with a similar minimalist aesthetic.A nice riff on picross with a few extra puzzle elements."
,Recommended,416770,33011312,Posted: 29 June,all,isaacbee,"Minesweeper meets Picross. A short, simple, and really good logic puzzler. If you like these sorts of games, go buy all of Matthew Brown's stuff, they're super cheap and super great, you won't regret it."
,Recommended,416770,33160408,Posted: 2 July,all,Punny Bunny,"Squarecells, while not as spectacular as Hexcells, is still a joy to run through (if immensely frustrating at times!). The same pure-logic approach is just as viable and you should never have to guess. Getting 100% on this game is its own reward as in order to achieve that without guessing you will be spending quite a bit of time staring in despair until that sudden realization clicks.What a joy. :)"
,Recommended,416770,33695695,Posted: 21 July,all,Pʀoρʜϵτ,Excellent game.
,Recommended,416770,33480631,Posted: 12 July,all,ani.for.prez,No replayability at all but for it's price it's an excellent casual picross-style puzzle game. Relaxing music and tight controls and gameplay.
,Recommended,416770,34058894,Posted: 6 August,all,BAKU,Great puzzle game
,Recommended,416770,34397007,Posted: 21 August,all,Wakisashi,Love the games by this developer. Another great one with a different polygon. After HexCells Infinite I was a little surprised at the slim content. Logic puzzles at their best!
76561198108183039,Recommended,416770,34231066,Posted: 14 August,all,DiabolicalDude,"It’s kind of like Hexcells and Pictopix. However, I still think it’s not as good as Hexcells. You have numbers on the side of a square which tell you how many squares go where in which order (which is fine) but the problems comes with the squares with numbers in them. These tell you how many squares are connected but they can be in any order. So a lot of puzzles involve you placing down a square, and seeing if it’s valid. This is fine if the chain is small but when you have long portions of “what is this was here”, then it becomes frustrating because it’s like trial and error. Plus, there isn’t a marker called “trying something” so if you need to go back and undo it, you have to remember what you did and there’s no undo button.It’s not bad and not all the levels are like that but I definitely prefer hexcells."
,Recommended,416770,34798964,Posted: 7 September,all,Fazer [PL],Another great relaxing logic game from Matthew Brown. Clearing tiles when you're far into solving a puzzle feels like disarming a bomb or a mine field.
76561198052586104,Recommended,416770,34816734,Posted: 8 September,all,Hex,"My favorite puzzle game, I wish there were a hundred more levels but I'm happy with what I got."
,Recommended,416770,35483126,Posted: 4 October,all,keepergfa,"Another excellent puzzle game. More difficult than the previous Hexcell games, as there is not always enough information to get a perfect result. At least, in my experience."
