user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198241309916,Not Recommended,417110,19443732,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Vlad Lennin,"Nice to see a VN with professional art and what seems like a decent budget.  However the translation is really poor to the point where I have to reread simple sentences multiple times just to understand what the characters are saying.  If they can fix that, I'd love to give this another chance."
,Recommended,417110,19465758,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,ravenrage,"They pull you in with lolis. What you're left with is sadness and despair. Buckle up for a ride through hell and back.For the curious. There is no explicit images. But there are sounds and black scenes of..... Depressing and disgusting nature.The game is based on the 1998 riots in Indoensia which was a bloody hell. An interesting read.The voice acting is great. The art is good quality and there are multiple endings. Despite it's tragic and depressing nature, the game is an enjoyable read."
,Recommended,417110,29446555,Posted: 23 January,all,泥鰍小妹妹,"The biggest riot happened in Jakarta and several other major cities. But, the Chinese ethnicity had been around since 1600s when they first migrated. They are spread throughout the nation mostly through trading then finally settled down some place.During the riots, Chinese people would stay in their homes or even fled to Singapore or Malaysia until things calmed down. Either way, they don't have anywhere else to go. All of their treasures, businesses, homes were in Indonesia. Although some of their businesses were lost either arsoned or looted, some still have houses or even relatives to shelter at. They helped each other to be safe.To this day, the events of 1998 riot created a sense of distrust between the Chinese and local people. The Chinese would only go with their kind and the same goes with the locals.After the Suharto regime fell in 1998 in the aftermath of the 1998 riots, things got better for the ethnic Chinese, so a lot still live there more or less undisturbed, making a living, although an anti-Chinese undercurrent as has been present for centuries is always more or less present.From 2002 on Chinese New Year is an official holiday while it never was before, not even in the pre-Suharto era, and Chinese language courses are quite popular now.My source of reserch:Ask from Indonesian friend who live in indenesia.What i like about this game1.Nice Art2.Nice Sountrack3.Get To Learn The Darkside of Indonesia 1998 Riot4.Learn The Bible Verse in the game.5.MC actually have VA. this is my first VN that encounter this kind of thing.What I Do Not Like About This Game1.Bad Translation.2.Too Much Racist Characters in Game.3.Have To Rely on chinese audio to understand most part(if you know chinese or learn the language before)Same thing also do happen in Vietnam As well during 2014 Vietnam anti-China protest.But it is nothing as dark as what indonesian have done in this game.Lesson To be LearnSometimes it is easy to become consumed with our own beliefs and habits. We can find it challenging to accept other ways of life. However, close mindedness and intolerance are not constructive for anyone, especially when there is so much we can learn about other cultures. Learning to accept and respect other cultures is an important step to having new experiences and learning about the world.IF YOU WANT PEOPLE TO RESPECT YOU RESPECT OTHER PEOPLE CULTURE FIRST."
,Recommended,417110,19860960,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Hime~,"I played this for the loli bait.Instead i got a history lesson, and a new perspective on how ♥♥♥♥ed up society can be.I'll be honest. I had absolutley zero knowledge about the 1998 Indonesian riots. I didn't even know the event had taken place. I bought the game because i saw someone say ""massacre"" and ""gore"" and I thought to myself ""There's no way"".Well, I got more than I bargained for, but i do not regret reading this at all.The English translation is bad for the most part. Here's an example: ""The god loves everyone equally. We ought to treaty everyone equally as well."" It just sounds like someone who is just starting to learn English from another language.You can still understand most of what's being said if you have enough reading comprehension, but i can understand why people would opt out because of this. However, Erotes has said they will work on the translation.There is a lack of character development and relationship development. Most of the characters do not develope whatsoever through the course of the visual novel, and it only touches vaguely on how many of them have come to meet and know eachother. Honestly, you may still have your heart (or your stomach) broken regardless of this after the 2 hour introduction.Once♥♥♥♥♥♥hits the fan, the entire thing comes off as preachy. I've seen worse, but there were better ways to go about some of it. I myself may only think this because the event had nothing to do with me though. The developers however, have said that it had a large impact on their lives, so that obviously may effect how strongly they try to get their message accross.Anyways. The game is 7-8 hours long (really just depends on reading speed), seeing everything both from Yu-Chen's perspective and Yu-Chin's (as the second route). Until the translation is fixed, I don't believe that the game is worth $9.99 but it's definetly a steal at $4.99, so I would buy it while it's on sale if I were you.I do not regret buying and playing this one bit, and it's atrotious that it's based on a real event."
76561198343463742,Not Recommended,417110,31541036,Posted: 4 May,all,a. lee,"This is a game about Chinese politics. Don't go in expecting to learn more about Indonesia or the May 1998 riots. What you'll get instead is Chinese people bickering and arguing who is Chinese and who is not Chinese. Not that it's a bad thing, I find the subject matter interesting, but this game does not do justice to its setting. It seems the developers set the story in the May riots just to insert gore and shock readers. The game doesn't even have a single Chinese-Indonesian character, and they were the group targeted in the violence, not ROC or PRC nationals. If you wanted a story about Chinese-Indonesians, you won't get it from this game. But if you wanted to see a story involving Taiwan-China politics from the pro-Taiwan side, this is the game for you. Also, expect to see disturbing language and violence."
76561198165076891,Recommended,417110,28196235,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Zareh,"Don't be fooled by it's cute graphics, this visual novel contains very heavy themes, so be warned before you get into this. Mayjasmine covers the events of the May 1998 riots of Indonesia, and in a way, I am grateful that Erotes Studio decided to write about these dark historical events. It makes people - some unknowing - aware of what happend (and perhaps make some research more about these events after they're done reading). The quote on their post explaining the motivation behind the creation very much resonates with me, which is 'History can be forgiven, but never forgotten'. I was curious about how they were going to go on about it, as it is a very sensitive subject. Not only that, I wasn't even sure if I was going to pick it up, as I read some very negative stuff about the English translation (which can definitely be a dealbreaker). As it was on sale for 75% off, thought I might as well try it out. ...And I'm very glad I did. This visual novel has managed to touch me deeply and even send shivers down my spine. The translation isn't nearly as bad as I thought it would be, it's ok and playable in my opinion. If you can overlook some spelling and grammatical errors every now and then, you can experience this masterpiece for what it is. Loved the writing, graphics and voice acting, good job to the writers, artists and VA's. I look forward to seeing more of your works on steam, Erotes Studio!"
,Recommended,417110,22686638,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,JetBoom,"Has basically nothing to do with loli or anything lewd despite the awkward badge and awful community hub.Is actually pretty much a tragedy, based on a real event, and takes a very serious tone by the end.Translation is pretty awful, but understandable. Seems to get better later on and by the very end is competent English. Story sometimes drags with its philisophical stuff (really only in the second playthrough) but is still interesting enough. I think people who say it's pretentious need to realize the two main characters are a religeous college graduate and a 10 year old girl. Music is fitting but nothing special, sounds are basically non-existent, and the voice acting is good. CG and sprites are good to look at. The story and characters are the real selling points here.Once you play through the first time, you can start over again and play through as Yu-Quin. The second playthrough is actually longer than the first and 90% of the content is new.tl;dr: didn't expect much going in to this but actually looking forward to episode 2 + 3 when they came out."
,Recommended,417110,28572383,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,漢Han,"Jakarta, May 1998It was based on real events, the May 1998 riots in Jakarta. The dark history came from clash of racism, culture, social and religions. The main targets of the violence were ethnic Chinese. Im also Chinese Indonesian, same age with the loli at that moment, remembering that tragedy still send shivers down to my spine. You can lookup the history, search the NSFW picture too.Don't get fooled by the cute loli, prepare for dark, gore and disturbing eventThe story start with a introduction of Indonesia culture and everything start nicely, with the great artwork, everything looks good and normal, but the more the story goes on, the darker it becomes, and it becomes very dark when the riot begin, there is no more humanity left.Last warning, don't get fooled by the cute loli, prepare for dark, gore and disturbing event"
,Recommended,417110,32705854,Posted: 23 June,all,wildghost03,"comes with a free van ride, too bad you have to wear handcuffs."
,Not Recommended,417110,19906931,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Dimo Sparks,"SPOILER ALERTOkay let me start off by saying this. I rarley ever write reviews for Steam games but this game had touched my heart so much that i just had to write a review for it. With that said, i'll now actually talk about the game. Please do note that my review will contain spoliers.Okay at first i thought the game would be dark with its violence and such but i never thought that it would be this dark to the extreme. What i just witnessed in this game made my heart break and shatter. Yes i know it's just a video game but this game really did hit me hard in the heart. With all the♥♥♥♥♥♥ violence and murder in the game i was just barley able to actually finish the game. The most evil and most heart touching moment of the game was when the Indonesians captured a woman named Miao Pin-Hong. This beautiful woman was stripped outdoors by the Indonesians while she was heavily pregnant and she was forced to be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by a man while she was heavily pregnant. To make things worst, they cut open Pin-Hong's chest and stomach and took out her unborn baby from her body and hanged Pin-Hong high on a tree branch with her baby's umbilical cord as a countweight. Then the Indonesian gang group dropped the baby on the ground on purpose and it splattered and died instantly. The mother of the child Pin-Hong died a few seconds afterwards. Basically what i'm trying to say in this review is that do not play this game unless you have a very strong heart because the events that occurs in the game are just beyond dark and evil. For those of you who do decide to play this game, just please close your eyes and try to picture this happening to your close friends and family as well as yourself. I'm not afraid at all to admit that i actually did cry tears to this game. It may even cause nightmares...Final verdict: Don't play the game if you can't handle things such as♥♥♥♥♥♥ murders, cut up bodies and child abuse. The game is just way to dark and is definitely a game i will never forget for its dark story.EDIT: In a way i liked the game but disliked it at the same time. I liked it for how touching it is. To me a game that's really emotional and touches my heart means that it has has a really good story. The developers of this game made a good job at making us players get the feels for this story in deep but at the same time its darkness and evilness made me dislike it."
76561198076346059,Not Recommended,417110,21905347,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,E.C. Mann,"Mayjasmine Episode 1: What is God?, developed by Erotes Studio, is a visual novel, choose-your-own-adventure game. Its got high production value, coupled with an evident amount of care and love. But a plethora of shortcomings and poor development choices run Mayjasmine into the ground before you can learn to appreciate it.You play as Yu-Chen, a Taiwanese man who's seen some serious financial trouble back home. After being ripped off by his employer and losing almost all his wealth, Yu-Chen travels to Indonesia. An old high school friend, Zi-Jin, offers Yu-Chen a job at one of his many clothing factories. From there, you hope to earn enough money to return home. But something is clearly wrong in Indonesia. Racial tensions are extremely high between the Chinese and Indonesians, who harbor a great amount of distaste for one another. You'll be witnessing discrimination on a monumental level, and it's only a matter of time before violence ravishes the two ethnic groups.Mayjasmine takes place during the Indonesian revolutionary riots of 1998. There is a lot of history told throughout this game, and if you know nothing about the subject (much like myself), a lot of dialogue is gonna go flying through one ear and out the other. If you want to get invested, I advise reading about some of the history online before jumping in. It might provide a basic outline for the story.One thing I really must commend is Mayjasmine's artistic quality. Some extremely talented people were behind the production of this game. Characters and backdrops are teeming with detail and color, and it really is a sight for sore eyes. Alongside the fantastic art design is some fairly decent voice acting. Everyone plays their roles wonderfully.I really wish I had more to praise about Mayjasmine, but this game's mistakes seriously outshine the overall quality. First, the English translation is very poor. Words are clumped together multiple times, sentences are disjointed and sound silly, and there's plenty of misspellings to go around. It seriously hinders the story and makes it harder to take seriously. Speaking of story, it is EXTREMELY forced. The lessons and morals Mayjasmine tries to convey are way over the top. They might as well slap the words ""DON'T BE A RACIST PRICK"" across the screen at all times. It comes off as preachy and obnoxious, rather than subtle and realistic.Characters go off on wild tangents about random topics that have nothing to do with anything, or they're rambling about ethnic rivalry in a way that is far from believable. And to top it off, the game is constantly quoting the bible and throwing around religious drivel. You know, the whole ""God is great and almighty"" bull crap. Nothing against anyone's religious belief, but it only bolsters how preachy the game is.There were multiple times that left me bored out of my skull. Admittedly, things do pick up in the final act, but by then, I was too tired to possibly recommend Mayjasmine. Especially not at $10. Either wait for a sale or don't bother."
,Recommended,417110,19548112,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,freedomofkeima,"It should be warned that this game is not your usual have-a-fun kind of game.I'm a Chinese Indonesian who lived in Jakarta during this dark age period. It's interesting to see the perspective of outsiders in depicting May 1998 riots.The story of ""Mayjasmine episode 01 - where is God?"" is quite good but I think it's a little exaggerated. From the historical point-of-view, the tragedy occurred because of global monetary crisis. Some higher-ups in Indonesia used this opportunity to end the regime of Soeharto (~30 years as an oppressive leader). To put it short, they tried to manipulate some minority extremists (especially from lower end economy) and used Chinese ethnics as a scapegoat. The number of casualties are around thousand people, including native Indonesian who were trapped in fire during this chaos.After played throughout the game, it seems that the creators try to generalize that almost all Chinese in Indonesian are killed and all sectors in Jakarta are filled with extremists. Personally, I've studied in a public university with 60% of native Indonesian and I need to say that this game was entirely about history, so don't try to judge any side as good or bad during playing this game.The music is quite good, except for several parts where sound effects seem a bit off. For example, the sound effect overshadows the actual conversation, since it keeps playing in the background when you try to continue the conversation.The graphics (and lolis) are excellent, that's why you are here right now, reading through these reviews and try to decide whether you want to buy this game or not.The translations are off in some scenes. Overall, it still quite good except for some grammatical errors.The game is quite short, around 8 hours or so. If you want to learn more about May 1998 riots, go ahead. If you ""love"" to see dying people or a masochist, go ahead too. If you just want to grab the lolis, well, you're coming to wrong neighborhood."
76561198160868511,Recommended,417110,31824072,Posted: 18 May,all,Strayed Lynx,"A visual novel developed by an indonesian studio,it's production values are high,the game's artstyle and soundtrack are both really good but while some of it's characters are very cute the story of this visual novel is actually very dramatic."
76561198165662779,Recommended,417110,19447124,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Yakumo-Nyan~,"From the vision of game experience, it actually can be thought as a Japanese style AVG/ADV game, or more accepted as an electronic novel. The quality of painting is quite good for a product create by the individual develop group. Most voice actors are professional and famous in TAIWAN. Their sounds can be heard in many Chinese translated version Korean drama and Japan comic. I think it’s part of childhood memory for some guys living in Chinese cultural realms.I don't want to discuss the different historical or political views here because it will only cause argument, which cannot solve any problem. I hope the past and existing misunderstanding, hostility between these countries should be finally solved by the future created by young generation, with the realizing of mutual understanding and tolerance.I found the skill of telling the tragedy of slaughter is much better than the last product- the rainy port Keelung, because compared with the last one only delivers text message, this time they provide some really discomfort, bloody paintings and much more cruel description by words. As a people played a lot of Japan dark story ADV game, it caused less bad impacts on me (alright, I have to admit it, it attracts me a lot), but the mass killing, genocide and large amount of abuse will certainly scare a lot of people, and I didn’t notice any warning or age restriction. Actually, only 16+ people can buy this game in TAIWAN. The developers enjoy people shock after see the HORRIABLE end hiding behind the CUTE surface. However, steam is a pluralism place and people may have their own concept on develper's performance way,   the basic moral and game publisher standard should be complied, at least the year classification can let player know the game is not a happy story like Nekopara and protect child from this. That's publishers' reponsibility, please do not just like a geek or otaku————————————————————————————————————————You may have 100 reasons to dislike this game: the damn lolicon tendency, the mix of serious history with stupid Japanese ACGN style performance, the trick by using pain of past victims in order to serve nowadays political proposal, disagree with this story that may conflict what you believe, or you just hate those guys call themselve Taiwanese, etc. If it real annoys you, just leave and think that is sh*t. There is no doubt it is a controversial product, but i think it is a miracle that this game can be published,  even selling on steam, to make worldwide people know that dark age, It also makes me think and wish to know more deeply than it tells, that's what i gain from this, the importance of communication and perform tolerantly to what you may disagree,that may avoid the tragedy before 17 years."
,Recommended,417110,30829837,Posted: 30 March,all,Cocoa,"Aside from a relatively rough translation (once you get used to it, it doesn't get in the way much), this is an excellent game. It takes a surreally real look at the May 1998 Tragedy (Indonesian Riots), portraying many of the brutal acts that took place. Don't go in expecting a happy, loli-filled adventure; you will not get one. Instead, however, you will get an incredibly human view at some pretty damn inhuman things. Beautiful art, great voice acting, gripping story (albeit short; I finished it in little more than three hours). Some claim that it comes off as preachy; I don't know if it just went over my head or not, but I did not get that impression at all. I definitely recommend this visual novel; as short as it was, it left quite the mark."
76561197972618188,Recommended,417110,19881377,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Lango12,"I signed up for a history lesson on the 1998 Indonesian Riots but I got more than what I bargained for. I am recommending not because it is a good game, but because the visual novel delivered a powerful message on human morality and the darker side of human nature when a society descends into chaos. I felt strongly of the predicament of the hapless characters in story as the story draws to a close. The creators aimed to recount a bloody slice of what happened during the riots and they most likely suceeded.The ending was really terrible and depressing, it is not for the faint-hearted."
,Recommended,417110,28175560,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,lolicon,so much tears ;-; ive never cried for movies games or any type of intertainment till now its so sad i came here because the tag said nudity and there was a loli and i left with tears and a single lewd loli pic ;-; this♥♥♥♥♥♥made me cry
76561198300297476,Recommended,417110,23913094,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,ThreeLeggedFeline,"I'm sitting in the dark, it's 3.30am and I'm sobbing like my pet cat just died...This game...is an experience.The translation is poor, but it does improve as the game goes on - which is good since all the philosophical conversations are in the later part of the game and they are mostly intelligible. Despite this, I found certain passages to be oddly beautiful and well-written, even if the english translation isn't quite up to scratch.The characters are excellent. I love the little complexities and flaws, particularly in Yu-Qing's character. The cast is varied and even the side-characters have a lot going on below the surface.I didn't find the game particularly overbearing with its moral - it considers various viewpoints and its treatment of discrimination is complex and detailed. It's not a simple case of good v. bad.That said, I am a little confused about the excessive gore. I looked up the may riots while playing the game, and I didn't see anything which suggested the kind of mass mutilation and carnage the game depicts. My information is coming from Wikipedia and a few other sites, so please correct me if I'm wrong, but most of the violence was directed against property rather than people, and the majority of deaths were those of rioters trapped in the buildings they torched?I understand the need to dramatise the story, but the extreme violence and the demonisation of the rioters seems to work against it. I'm not squeamish, I just didn't get why such a level of violence was necessary, particularly since the writing is so competant. Again, I may be wrong, and if so I apologise.The art is lovely, the facial expressions in particular. I also liked the stylised artworks which appeared later on (even if I thought the gore was over the top, the artwork was, for the most part, tasteful).I really liked the second route and how we get a second perspective, if anything I preferred it. It felt like most of the 'meat' of the story was in this second section.Also I'm glad we see more of Melati. I didn't really feel much when she died in the first route because she didn't get much screen-time, but then seeing more of her personality and knowing how things end...The developers are monsters.In short, trauma, excessive gore, philosophy and feels."
,Not Recommended,417110,28889145,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Celsius ✘ Raspberry,"The creators are pretty active on this game's Steam discussion board. I'm not sure if this is a professional game but the Chinese to English translation is bad. For me that's a no go, I hear it's a really good, sad story about a real situation and I hope I find it in me to continue reading this at some point but the English in this game is honestly killing me. I mean it's not incomprehensible but...I'll update my review when I finish reading. At this time I can't recommend this game because I haven't read it in it's entirety to evaluate how good the story truly is and the English is just so bad rn."
,Recommended,417110,23669440,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,mokocchi,"Unusually good game. Story is completely unexpected, dramatic, serious and over all just good."
,Recommended,417110,22717461,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,KILLER Loli,"This is not a Ero game.This is a story inspired by the Riots of Indonesia in May of 1998Based on my own playthrough, time may be shorter or longer depending of your reading speedThis is a medium length Visual Novel. It took me 7 hours to complete the main story.There is also a New Game+ witch I am still playing, there you will see the story in another character perspective.It is said to be much longer than the first play, but I didn't finish yet, so I cannot speculatte its time.About half of Mayjasmine were mostly light paced and discussing topics of racism and philosofical questions.Then... Things change.I recommend checking the wikipedia article plus/or historical books for a better understanding of the incident that this novel is inspired of. But of course you can enjoy the game without it too.You can check about Indonesian taboos and culture  if you want, the game will mention some of these, it will expand your enjoyment if you search about them while playing.The english is not good. But neither unreadable.I think it will only ruin the experience of the game if you are reeaaally picky about it.Plus, the developers seem to be working on it.So, give it a chance.The art is great, the story makes you think and devasted.The music is relaxing and fits the theme well.Go ahead, try it."
,Recommended,417110,29402970,Posted: 21 January,all,Aria Theo,"Mayjasmine is an incredibly dark and gory look into prejudice and hatred based around the Indonesian riots of 1998. While the translation is a bit choppy, it is a story full of depth that deserves to be read. Not for the faint of heart."
,Recommended,417110,22064545,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Yanka,"“When a clash of cultures & religions occurs, when racism, discrimination, social tensions take over, when humans become insane and change everything into a living hell…”PrologueI discoveredMayjasmine episode01 What is God? 五月茉莉last December 2015, a little by chance.Firstly, the cute visuals caught my eyes so I quickly got interested in it and read the synopsis. Some of the comments & recommendations basically said: “Don’t get this one thinking this will be a cute little story”. I was told it was pretty “graphic” and serious. As a fan of horror & other themes like that I hit the “Buy button” rather quickly.Oh gosh, what a ride it was. I dived in it during 2 or 3 days and it was an awesome but so very sad story.Immersion in a serious subjectBefore starting the game, the only thing I knew was that it was based on real events, the 1998 riots of Jakarta. I knew little if nothing about the matter so that was what caught me in the first place: a VN about something which really happened.Everything starts nicely. You areHo Yu-Chen, just arrived in Indonesia, “the land of opportunities”. You get hired there by your old friend,Zi-Jin, a Taiwanese merchant, boss of a fabric factory.Here the encounters with various main characters from different “ethnicities” and cultures begin. I won’t give details to let you discover all those - very - different personalities:Yu-Qing “Papaya”, young daughter ofZi-Jin,Miss Miao, a friendly Chinese teacher,Melati “Cocoa”, a cute Indonesian girl and also the best friend ofYu-Chin.The more the story goes on, the darker the tone becomes… and it becomes very, very, VERY dark when the riots finally begin, when strong hate, racism, insane barbary and gruesome violence take place.A dark story not for everyoneThis is not your “standard” VN. This is NOT your standard story, you know, that one you read a thousand times before.You want something new and have a strong stomach? Please, dive in this experience without hesitation.The story is a moving one, based on both real and sad events. To be honest, I was depressed during the next days after I read it plus got myself interested in watching archives on those past events, just to “know” and try to understand.When you complete the main story and enjoy a nice bowl of feels, you unlock a new story path, arelecturefrom a different point of view. I won’t say anything more but it was great (and sad) as well.English translationUnfortunately the translation is not very good, there are some typos and grammatical errors/mistranslations. Thankfully it is always understandable and does not spoil the experience once you get into it. Just for the note and if I remember well, the devs said a new translation should be done.To summarize…GOOD ASPECTSThis is not something you read before. Not a “moe” story. This is about something which happened in the close past.It is a moving, violent story. It is clearly for adult audiences and not for everyone. When I say “violence”, it is not only about graphic gore content but also concerns themes likemurders, torture with details, rapes, killings of innocents like children… If you are somehow sensitive, I am not sure it’s a good idea you get into this story.Dialogues are often straightforward, violent,naïve, especially when they come out the mouth of cute children. Sometimes you become nearly speechless, like shocked, while reading.You really feel the makers of this Visual Novel want to share a strong message coming from their personal experience, it was impacting.You will learn some History, myself I didn’t know a lot about 1998 Jakarta’s riots except that it happened. It made me want to learn more about the subject after I 100% completed Mayjasmine ep. 1.Good cast of very different characters.Nice visuals, fabulous at some “tragic” moments. You will understand what I mean when you experience it. You could print some and frame them at home and people would say “wow, who is that painter?”.Voices are good, at every moment.Soundtrack fits in and is fine.There are two routes, from two points of view. They are long enough, it lasted_____13+_____hours for me, knowing that I took my time watching the artworks and listening the voices/music.NOT-SO-GOOD ASPECTSEnglish translation, too much errors and mistranslations. It remains readable. Devs plan on re-doing it (correct me if I'm wrong).Not enough choices that influence storyline.ConclusionWell,I wasn't expecting something this good, it's very rare when I find a story which moves me like this, I cannot count a lot of them.It was sad with a strong message of hope and tolerance.A great surprise.I wish there were more “serious” VNs like this jewel.Good job to the team behind this.Recommended if you can stand strong violence and serious matters."
,Recommended,417110,19476724,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,MagicianForHire,"Ignoring the discrepancies in grammar, it's a visual novel that tells a story of the May 1998 riots of Indonesia.Based on history, it allows us to have a greater understanding of what the people at that time had been forced to experience. It talks about the discrimination and racism between Chinese, Taiwanese and Indonesians.An interesting quirk is that there are various quotes cited from pieces of literature with the intent of being meaningful and encouraging you to think.If you think you can at least take some newfound knowledge or understanding from this visual novel, then it's worth it. Otherwise, don't bother.P.S. I really only came for the lolis"
,Recommended,417110,28792738,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,WizKid,"Mayjasmine presented one of the darkest moment in Indonesia history. I really don't expect the game to be this good, they succeed to put a lot of feeling inside. Story, character, overall i can say its a money well spent. If u want to know more about the background of this VN check this out.https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/May_1998_riots_of_IndonesiaI am not writing this review to make a point who is right and wrong. It doesn't matter what ethnic you are, Chinese, Taiwanese, Indonesians whatever. I just pray something like this will NEVER happen again in the future!made with lot of peace and love!"
,Recommended,417110,23918180,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Lexers615,"Well, it is true taht the English translation needs a major overhaul, and that you can ""beat the game"" in less than a hour (first pathway), to then ""beat it again"" (alternate pathway that will now be unlocked) in about twenty minutes. However, the whole game is a serious lesson on how low human being can go when led by ill intented gurus.Bottom line, this VN is the recolection of actual events, which the victims deserve to be remembered..."
,Recommended,417110,20322941,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,saut@μ’sic Forever,"This is the first non japanese visual novel that I play. The character is good, they flow naturally nothing seems forced.But there is some part of the character that made me hate them. But overall is good.The story also flow nicely but there are some part that I wish to get cut. The part where there are too much preachy dialogue it would be nice to tone it down. Also while this portrayed in Indonesia it seems Indonesia that I have no recollection off. Is this because they didn't want to offend Indonesian or just a lack of understanding? Well it seem it is the former.Overall is a good experience can't wait for your episode 2.Oh and while I am at it. For God sake, hire a competent chinese english translator. Your translation sucks soo much"
,Recommended,417110,20032427,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Alenonimo,"If you ever playedHigurashi When They Cry Hou, you're gonna enjoy this one. A very cheerful story thatgoes south hard.There are a few gramatical errors with the translation, but it doesn't really affect the story much. There are also untranslated texts that also doesn't affect much the game.Tip: Once you finish the story with the true ending, play it again to see it with a new perspective."
,Recommended,417110,33807433,Posted: 26 July,all,a Pair of Socks,Well...  That was ♥♥♥♥ing depressing.
,Recommended,417110,35164844,Posted: 23 September,all,SPGdeathstroke™,"i got this game for the badge ""perfect lolicon""i dont really played it so... idk"
,Recommended,417110,25919052,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,アライさんにおまかせなのだー!,"A gentle reminder (or wake up call, depends on how naive you are) that the world can be a really nasty place"
,Recommended,417110,20692214,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,RenardSolitaire,"The story have it's cute, but it is also the hardest emotional game i have ever played in my life. If you are a sensitive person and don't want to see any violence or gore, don't buy this VN.I think the point of this story is to make you feel something. Good or Bad, may depend on who you are. It's easy to forget how humans can be nice but also so wrong. What we see in the news right now is not different from that story. In all this, there is the people, the real humans.We are nothing and we are everything.The duration is great for the price. For the moment i have only played the first route and i needed about 5 hours to do it. After that my game menu changed and i can start playing the second route. If i can give you a suggestion; do a main save before you select an answer from the moment you receive a phone call ""answer or not"". Because from that moment,everydecision will change the story.*spoiler caution*If the story end like nothing then try the other answers. There is a way for you and ...... to stay alive"
76561198066680175,Recommended,417110,27828947,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,NeonNico,"Bought it when it was 75% off, at that price it's worthwhile despite the translation errors; sure it takes a little bit longer to read but it's worth the trouble.I hadn't read any visual novels that had a different perspective that you could play through after the first but reading it through that way cleared up any previous opinions I had on Yu-Qing. Character development was well defined in both routes though I was hoping there would be more on Zi-Jin as his characters seems to remain flat compared to others.I came into the game not knowing much about the 1998 Jakarat riots of Indonesia but I was still able to enjoy the story to the point of tears. The racism, violence, and beliefs the game portrays has lessons throughout, ones I had at first thought would only pertain to that time, were lessons that I still had yet to learn and ones that I may even need in the future. I enjoyed their use of quotes even if it seemed a little strange coming from an elementary student.For episode 2 and 3 I hope there will be better translations. The story already seems so complete with one episode, but I look forward to what the other episodes will bring."
76561198051486162,Recommended,417110,19488329,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Sanyok,"Well, I've read it through. What can I say? It's quite controversial.On the one hand it's a gasp of fresh air after all this generic staff like ""Any VN about school\lolis""This VN rises some serious topics and gives you a lot of different perspectives throughout the storiesand that I should say leaves you deep in thought once you've read it all. I don't remember reading a VNthat was be so serious and deep about it, in the majority of them, they would male an elephant out of a mossor would just be forcing drama on us with a happy ending, of course. Unfortunately, in the real world not all theproblems have solutions. The closest VN about the atmosphere (closer to the end) is the Swan Song, I thing.And it has similar drawbacks, I'm afraid. I'm not familiar with the events that happened in 1998 in Indonesia but, I believe, the authors went too far with the display violence.I would also like to say a thing about the components of the game.Graphics.Authors did a good job drawing audience's attention with loli pics. The topic of the VN (national identity disputes in some far east country) simply can't be appealing for the grand majority of people here, so it did its job.I'm a bit disappointed though about disproportionate sprite sizes of the kids here. When a 8 yo girl looks bigger than her dad it's... bizzare. Then there are no proper event CGs, they are all made in chibi style, I have nothing against chibibut its such an obvious manifestation of artist's laziness... I just can't keep quiet about it.Overall the art is good. But I hope it will be better in the sequel.MusicCan'y say much about it. It's nice to listen to, but not memorable. There could be more compositions if you ask me.VoicesWell, after japanese VNs've set a high degree of quality, you can't help but notice fake in emotions. It is especially obvious when someone's angry. They sound too reserved , if you don't know what they are talking about you would think it's just a slight dissatisfaction. But what really grinds my gears is the maid's voice actress... if it's a person of course and not a robot. I've never heard such an unnatural voice acting before. It's like they were short on staff (chinese, haha) and summoned a nearby cleaner to read some lines from the script... I was desperately searching for the option to turn it off in the game but failed;(TranslationA lot of other reviews are spanking the VN for it's bad quality. I can't disagree, though it didn't pose a big problem for myself. I wouldn't even say it's bad in translation, rather in editing and proofreading. The language (except in some places, which are not many) is failry simple to understand and thus easy to read. It's a plus in my opinion, I hate VNs which are overloaded with heavy grammatical structures. And one more thing - I don't know about the degree of swear words in the original chinese but these kids could take on verbally any delinquent in the most run down, gangsta turf.OverallI guess it is either you read it through or drop it after ten minutes or so, the topic just isn't for everyone, not that it makes it less interesting though.I recommend everyone try it, and I'm looking forward to the sequel, the VN breaks at the most interesting part.Thanks for attention, everyone!P.S. Sorry for my english, it's been ages since I wrote something in it."
,Recommended,417110,28952593,Posted: 2 January,all,Kratos,"amazing and scary story that based on indonesian history in 1998.it's fine in the beginning but it's going dark,dark, and darker after all thing passes..Riot so ♥♥♥♥ing scary in May 1998 Indonesia"
76561198000054380,Recommended,417110,25124910,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,WeisserDrache,"Contrary to what you may think, this isn't an eroge.The translation is somewhat rough, but it's easy to get the gist of it.The artwork's pretty good, though the later half could use more artwork,and the existing ones could have been slightly more detailed - although,I imagine it would have bumped the rating up slightly. Considering the subject matter, though - it wouldn't have been a bad thing.As for the pricing, one may be somewhat reluctant due to the game being short as it is,but one might appreciate the story being told from perspective of two characters.I give this game 7 out of 10."
,Recommended,417110,24542982,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,SS Chad Thundercock,"I basically bought the game because of the badges even though you dont really need it to get the badges.Dont do the same thing as I did, the game has basically nothing to do with the badges. I'd recommend you actually do some research before buying it, is not particularly a game for everyone, it touches some topics that some people may not like.With that said, it is actually a good game with the only caveat being that the english translation is really poor and some parts may get difficult to understand."
,Recommended,417110,24368397,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Otakumonogatari,"This game is alright, I'm not a huge fan of visual novels. It's got quite a few spelling and grammar errors although it wasn't made to be in english so what can I say? If it really bothers you so much I'm certain there's a fan patch out there, but personally I thought it was pretty funny at times. Now to get a bit more serious, if you're not a huge fan of serious topics, and gore then this is not the game for you. Also it’s tagged as nudity, but the only real nudity in it is the gore, so lolicons I’m sorry but you’ll just have to find another game, unless you came for the “Perfect Lolicon” badge and if you did good luck it’ll cost more than the game alone to get it. All in all I'd say if you have a few spare bucks, don't mind the gore, as well as you don't mind some bad grammar then it's a good way to spend 4 hours or so. Also I must mention it probably says I have about 8 minutes in the game but I spent most of my time playing offline so it didn't record it.------Spoiler warning beyond this point------The main story goes that your childhood friend invites you to come to Indonesia to work in one of his factories as a manager because you went into debt in your home country Taiwan, so you take him up on his offer and go out there. Once you see him again, and meet his daughter you start work which becomes a pain once a few of the factory workers start messing with the pay logs and let's just say stuff goes down. Eventually the workers get really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and queue the revolts on the factories, there's more to this than what I'm putting there though I don't want to give up everything so you'll still have a reason to play after reading this. Now when the revolts start you have your first real choices in the game that'll affect the ending you'll get, and trust me you won't really like any of the ending you get. Although all in all after you've played the main story you get to do it again but from daughter's eyes so it's cool to see the different way she sees things going on rather than the guy you start with."
,Not Recommended,417110,20704159,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,keeno,THEY LIED TO US!!!There is NO chinese subtitle!!
,Recommended,417110,20429912,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Plato the Battle Philosopher,Buy this game if you want to feel like♥♥♥♥♥♥Cocoa/10
,Recommended,417110,22719676,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Noragami Suou,I buy This Game Just For Getting The Lolicon Badge :vNote:This Game Is Really Short But The Badge Sooo Loli :v
,Recommended,417110,19491565,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,gjFhEYs,MORE LOLI BLOOD FOR THE BLOOD GOD!!!!
,Recommended,417110,24030217,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,The Chosen One,Play this game to get triggered.Play this game to get your steam friends triggered.This game is all about getting TRIGGERED!!!
,Recommended,417110,19585444,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Plumpkyun♡Neechan,"You thought the suffering was the translation and errors, you were wrong."
76561198166862116,Recommended,417110,22758581,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,dylandig,"This game managed to make my sadistic♥♥♥♥♥tear up a bit, which says a lot cuz I'm a heartless ♥♥♥♥♥ who generally laughs at the misfortune of others. Story was moving,despite silly translation errors breaking the mood a bit.I also really enjoyed how they used quotes and teaching from all major religions, and avoided making any one side of the conflict to have been the absolute good/bad guy,something many people have a really hard time doing. Most problems I had with the game (besides easily understood translation errors and a few duplicate textboxes) are nitpicky (like why the hell does the teacher have 11-12 year olds reading War and Peace, and a certian few cg scenes having a little bit more detail than they really should have),or just that it felt a little short(which since it said its an ep1, may not be a problem at all). I actually highly recommend this, especially if you're looking for a feels trip."
