user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,417290,32583038,Posted: 19 June,all,RattleRabbit,"I read the negatives before buying, most criticisms don't seem to hold up. Played the game with mouse and keyboard and had little issue with it. A few minor bugs that didn't really irritate me that much.The game is an obvious love letter to the Redwall series and was a lot better than I expected from some of the reviews.  I'm not usually one for Legend of Zelda-esque ""puzzle/adventure"" games but found this one very interesting. Yes granted it is a series of ""Steal X"" or ""collect X of Y"", but boiling something down to ""Kill X of Y"" or ""Collect X of Y"" pretty much covers most video games. The key is how well you hide that and how interesting you make the characters. And that seems to be something Ghost of a Tale does very well even without voice acting. No paragraphs of obtuse exposition, just short snippets that give just enough insight into the characters and world to make you sort of want to know more.I'm looking forward to updates or future games in this universe."
76561198013027885,Recommended,417290,24530385,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,JayPi,"Oh man oh man oh man is this game good, the moment I saw it I knew it sparked my interest but and I just HAD to buy it, but the moment I started it up was when I was really amazed.Graphically the game is actually pretty beautiful and runs pretty smoothly for the most part. Story wise you basically wake up as a mouse in a prison and though travelling though the world you find out a bit more about the world around him...i'm mostly being vague about this because I want other people to discover the world though fresh eyes as I did and was pleasently suprised. Little things like having to use a light or a lantern to see dark areas, a day and night cycle, and beautiful visuals go a long way here.Story wise, the game is up there as I stated before I don't want to give too much away but the writing is actually pretty well done, with a good amount of lore for the world and I love how there's little notes anytime something is mentioned and should you want to know more about it, you push a button and a small bit of information on whatever it is comes up to help you understand. But that's not all, there's also the characters who for the most part fit their molds pretty well, keep in mind i've only played for about 4 hours and met a handful of the characters but all of them played their parts well enough ranging from mysterious, stoic, and even funny when it comes to two certain characters.Gameplay wise, the game is pretty smooth, the controller set up is easy enough to get used to...i'm playing with a X1 controller so maybe you may have a different experince but for me personally I loved it, I love how you FEEL like a mouse as you play, the way your mouse stands, crawls around, and even weaves between enemies, small cracks, and more only serves to immerse you more in the world. Hell you literally have to use a little foot stool to get to open up taller cabinets and what not due to your miniture size, I'm sure for some people this may be a bit annoying but for me personally it only serves to hammer the fact that you're basically just a small ordinary (but adorable) mouse.THATS NOT ALL FOR GAMEPLAY! There's alot little bit of somewhat light RPG elements where you can find little parts of costumes like a pirate, theif, or armor suits and if should you find all the pieces it gives you a lovely major stat bonus, even though using the costumes' individual parts do give you points...oh yeah...also....characters literally comment on what you're wearing or what time of the day it is, once again to some people that may be lame but for me that shows a lot of care and effort put into this game, espcially considering most RPG's or something where you can be dressed like a dork and basically still be taken serious, or go into someone's house at 3AM and still have a normal conversation...NOPE not in this game, I was told to take off my hat before talking to a character because it represented something he didn't respect, I was also told to come back in the morning due to one of the  quest givers being alseep.Look, we both know how Early Access goes, you buy it early, then you hope the devs update it often, but ultimately you know you're going to be getting some kind of junky product and still play with the raw state of the game....but let me tell you this game feel so good, i've been playing for 4 hours and I still find myself running all around the same places discovering little costume pieces I didn't find, or just juking guards until i decide to do some more quest.(Nothing funner than running around in circles around a guard and locking him in a room)As you can tell, I really like this game, I'm glad it turned out good for an early access game, what the devs have here is something magical and meaningful, I can only hope th at the devs listen to fan feedback when it comes to bugs, but give as much love, care, and detail to every bit of the game that i've experienced so far, and are unshaking in their commitment to releasing a quality game."
,Recommended,417290,24551363,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,nop,"Pro:It looks amazing and runs well. The controls are tight and the animations are beautiful.The writing is great. I found the NPC dialogue funny and charming (and I am a broken shell of a man).It's mostly exploring and stealth. I assume there's combat but I haven't seen any yet (update: fairly sure there isn't any).It doesn't hold your hand in regards to placing markers and checkpoints everywhere, you have to look around.et contra:Definitely requires a controller.Not much of a challenge so far, as there's healing items all over the place.If stealth could be tweaked so you don't have to move at a snail's pace even when enemies have their backs turned then that would be good.Inventory screen is a bit of a mess.The usual bugs in an early release.I recommend this game if you like stealth, exploration and adorable rodents.It's hard to pin down but I'd say it's a throwback to the golden age of action-adventure games with some light RPG elements and a focus on sneaking."
,Recommended,417290,24623506,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,DeliciousButthurt,"Floored by this game. Absolutely floored. I don't know why it isn't getting the floor time that We Happy Few is. This game is considerably less buggy and has stopped me in my tracks just as often if only for the sake of taking screen shots.Really, it's so good in so many ways that I'm at a loss. When we were kids, we used to talk about the day that games like this would be around like it'd be forever until we saw them.Well, today's apparently the day. It's officially been a kid's definition of forever. We're finally there.Here's the first game that makes me stop and say, ""Jesus, it finally happened."".Side note; I was born in the early 80's, and I have to think the brilliant folks behind this game must have been as well, because if this isn't the greatest homage to ""The Secret of NIMH"" there ever was, I don't know what could be."
76561198105792755,Recommended,417290,31232068,Posted: 18 April,all,pobodysgnome,My words can do no service to how I feel about this game.  Within the decades of playing games my sense of imagination and wonderment has been eroded.  Whether it be by simply becoming an adult and having to deal with its associated stressors or having been spoiled by the shiny-penny games that lack a real connection to its audience.  This game prods at the things that I have lost.  The world and its characters have been lovingly crafted and harken back to the simpler times I had as a child.  For the longest time I have not been able to say that I cared for the lore or story of a video game.  But this? Truly inspired.
76561198046286678,Recommended,417290,29263557,Posted: 14 January,all,cfeltham01,"Purchased to play with the grandkids. The graphics in this game are just beautiful. I would say to the person doing the artwork "" You have unbelievable talent and imagination"". The gameplay is very fun with the kids. Not hack and slash, beat em up or to scary. I wish more people would make games like this.. We sit around thinking about what to do next instead of just mashing buttons.  Many thanks, well worth the price, please keep up the good work."
,Recommended,417290,24628985,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,mariemariemusic,"I'm only an hour and a half in, but my immediate reaction is ""WOW,"" this game is gorgeous. It's fun and easy going. The characters are nice, and I appreciate the fact that you are NOT slashing your way through the game, but rather trying to figure out how to sneak through it. My only initial criticism is the camera control could use some work. I should point out that I am not using a game controller.A+ so far"
,Recommended,417290,28154968,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,ShovelKnight49,"I have been looking out for this game for a couple of years now. What can I say...it's a total dream come true! Stunning visuals, fantastic gameplay that truly encapsulates the meaning of 'stealth', and the most adorable fantasy world and characters. Thank goodness that developers are still making fantastic, fairy-tale inspired games like these. It really warms my heart."
76561198024329605,Recommended,417290,32548295,Posted: 18 June,all,TUmaDO,"SO FAR!!!Incredible good animations!Incredible good graphiqs!Incredicle good butter smoth camerasIncredible well optimizedincredible good story plotincredible good stealth that really works!Incredible....well you know what i mean!it was baked on kickstarter for a good reason!im giving thumbs up! if i had more hands i would give more, il try with my feet XD"
,Recommended,417290,31774845,Posted: 15 May,all,Baznoc™,"I  am leaving a review of Ghost of a tale. I was SO excited to get this game. I know its Early Access and un-finished. That isnt a Big deal.Game p[lay is easy but glitchy graphics made some f the play harder but I didnt care!If you bought the early access game and then let it up date when the newer version comes out you get Unlocked surprises that the people who Didnt getthe early version. I like that!Bugs, updates helping, asking help form the devs, all done with Ease. These guys are Really Devoted to making the game work!I'd buy this on the sheer graphics and the lead character. He is a cute mouse.If you can put up with 'issues' because you Know this is in development now, then you wont have issues.If you dont you Will becuase this game has them.I adored the game Cant Wait untill its finished, and give this an 8 for its current state and I think it will be a 10 when its done.Id buy it, to see what you get when its done!"
,Recommended,417290,28653871,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,axehappyuk,"Bought and played through this in one sitting.I can't believe that such a small team is developing something this polished..... everything about this graphically is amazing, one of the prettiest games I've ever seen.I could write a massive review on this, but others have already so no point.All I'm gonna say is, I'm so glad I bought and played this knowing that the money will go a small way towards getting this game finished.The Early Access version is one of the best games I've ever played, and its not even complete.Seriously, if you're thinking about buying  this at all, just do it. Support this development; see one of the best games ever created through to a proper release."
,Recommended,417290,24615808,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,🐀,Legend of Zelda's gameplay meets Assassin's Creed mechanics meets Redwall's setting10/10 Would throw bottle at sleeping rat again
,Recommended,417290,24627738,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Chimeron,"I remember seeing a trailer for this back during a presentation for the Xbox one and thinking it looked really cool, then I would look it up every once in a while to make sure it was still being worked on, and one day it slipped completley out of my mind. Then I get on steam and it's available for early access and I promptly scooped it up, because how could I not?The game is very well designed, from the puzzles to the the enviornment it all looks and plays excellent. The dialogue is also very funny and well written. I highly recommend getting this game if you think it looks interesting."
76561198019241778,Recommended,417290,32185028,Posted: 4 June,all,Ares,"How long as this been on Steam? Why did I only just find this today? I know I'm only two hours into the game but right now this honestly the most delightful game I've ever played. It's absolutely gorgeous, the gameplay is smooth and the controls with a mouse and keyboard feel pretty close to perfect. The characters and dialogue are well-written, funny and engaging. I appreciate the interesting footnotes that help to build the world around you. I've read the negative reviews and I haven't had any of the problems listed. I believe those things have mostly or entirely been resolved by this point, except maybe for a minor bug here and there, which is totally expected. If you're considering buying this game just do it, you'll love it.(A note to the developer: This is the game I've always wanted and never believed I'd get. It's wonderful. Please keep up the amazing work and do exactly as you're doing and never, ever stop. I want this game to be huge and I want it to have a sequel. You have my full support, I wish I could have gotten on board with this from the very beginning. I'll certainly tell anyone who will listen to check out Ghost of a Tale!)"
,Recommended,417290,29026236,Posted: 4 January,all,ColdWolf,"Positives:=======+ Polished+ Graphically gorgeous+ Unique lore and setting+ Intelligent, intuitive gameplay mechanics+ Fantastic worldspace to exploreNegatives:========The only things I could possibly perceive as negatives are work in progress, and negligible;-/+ A handful of bugs (at an incredibly impressive low level for an Early Access title).-/+ The gameplay could be considered somewhat straightforward, but appeals to a wide audience.Quite frankly if you're the kind of person who likes to support independent developers, you should buy this. The dedication to their craft, the level of quality of the game and their consistent improvements and bugfixes make SeithCG a developer you should watch out for and support. They're the textbook definition of classy developers."
,Recommended,417290,28311008,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Juutas,My more detailed video review of the Early Access version can be found here (released October 16th 2016):https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bZ8_IsB6s5wPROS:+ Absolutely gorgeous looking visuals with charming art style in high graphical detail.+ Undeniable atmosphere that mixes cuteness and darkness together seamlessly.+ Lore and characters are actually interesting and well written.+ Great controls (tested with Xbox 360 controller).+ Good level design.CONS:- VERY easy.- Minor bugs.
76561197971216899,Recommended,417290,24634400,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Sarge,This game is simply beautiful!If you like sneaky-type games and whimisical graphics / style then this is for you.Warning: it's also damn hard (and as it's early-access there are a LOT of little bugs)
,Recommended,417290,24552914,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Traductus,"So far, I'm totally stoked for this game.It looks damn cute!The overall graphics are looking really good, especially considering that this game is being developed by only a handful of people. Apparently the Dev often has been asked if the screenshots have been photoshopped :DSeriously, it looks great.The gameplay relies on Stealth and Exploration. You also have an inventory and can find lots of ""tools"" to help you get through unharmed (e.g. bottles to temporarily knock out guards, Lanterns, Sticks for creating distractions and helping you getting past certain areas, food to replenish health and stamina and more!)There even are some nicely hidden secrets to be found (revealing collectibles)Also there is different clothing to be found. Its purpose: Looking cute and boosting your stats (stamina, health, etc.)And if you're into lore, you'll be pleased to know that there are many books and notices to be found.Keep in mind that this early access title includes roughly 25-30% of the final game (offering some hours of gameplay)Addendum:I bought this game 3 times: For my girlfriend, my brother and for myself.Follow my example and help the Devs completing developement of this game :)"
76561198036861483,Recommended,417290,24618750,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,soulfulmoth77,"UPDATE: This game still doesn't run particularly well on the lower end of things, BUT the devs have added more options to customize how the game looks. They're few, however, and make no noticable change in the overal quality of the game. Both a good and bad thing.Controls are extremely sensitive if you're playing with a mouse - hehe - and keyboad, and I'm not a fan of the default inverted Y, but that's being nitpicky.Keep updating the game and again I really want to emphasize giving players more options on the graphics.Original review:***I really want to play and like this game, but I've found that this game does not let you alter the graphics settings to allow it to run decently if you're not at the recommended build. It's unfortunate that I have to request a refund so soon because this really looks like a game I'd enjoy, but paying out $17.99 for a game that doesn't run well for me isn't exactly worth it either. Hopefully as they update they'll allow you to change settings and when that happens I will happily repurchase and give this game another fair shot.***"
,Recommended,417290,24522695,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,₹GemmaFaye₹,I am only about an hour and a half into the game and so far it has captivated me in so many ways from the high-quality art and design of the game right down to the gameplay and lore.If stealth and a story rich game are what you like then giving this game a shot is well worth your time and money.
76561198036211904,Recommended,417290,25004194,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Rummyrumm,"This is the first review I've ever written.  Well not review, but just my view of this game.  I will begin by saying when they spoke of drawing inspiration from Redwall, suddenly my nostalgic heart strings were tugged on.  I immediately started recalling the stories that I read and am going to have to find the books to read them again.  I always wanted to know what that world would look like if it were fully realized in either a movie or a video game.  Holy hell they pulled it off perfectly!  This game looks incredible from an art style.  The entire purpose is that you are a little mouse but the world is tailored for small creatures.  Some call it animorphic, its simply the little creatures can speak and act as though they are living in a human world.I wanted to stay in the game world forever.  After you play the game for a couple hours, you begin to notice the detail that went in to creating this environment.  Another thing I am a huge fan of, is rather than focusing on how BIG they can make the game world, they create a small area with lots of stuff to do and find.  It is your standard fetch quest, occassional puzzle, and exploration driven gameplay, but I found it enjoyable because I was in an intresting game world that evolved the longer I played.  Mice in this world wear hats that show what their job is.  It means that you will be wearing a lot of differnet outfits, and each one will be useful in some way such as speaking with NPC's who react differently depending on what you are wearing.I didn't even mind having to go back to places I had been before, there are little short cuts you can find, you master sneaking past all the guards while being efficient.  I really felt like I was that mouse trying to survive this crazy prison.  I cannot wait for them to finish this game, I got to the Early Access ending and immediately wanted more.  I look forward to seeing how this story evolves, I hope there are a lot of friendly NPC's in a small nearby village, I just want to get to know more about this world.Please.  Give.  Me.  More."
,Recommended,417290,30972336,Posted: 5 April,all,Fijoli,"This is Early Access done right. The Redwall Game I've yearned for!What you get in this early access is a taste of something rich that sends us back to early days of childhood, but has all the adult undertones needed to stay engaged. Giving us all the feeling of an open world RPG, the early stages of this Game left me wanting so much more and my mouth waters at knowing there is more to come!and yes... Tilo is just the cutest."
,Recommended,417290,30826393,Posted: 29 March,all,Booby,"In it's current state, Ghost of a Tale is a game worth buying only if you're looking for an adventure/stealth game that uses minimal mechanics and puts an emphasis on lore and world building.The gameplay itself isn't necessarily bad but it could certainly use some variation other than hiding, running, and stunning enemies. The game is also very light on puzzles and the quests eventually devolve into ""find this costume,"" or ""collect these things.""If you're looking for a robust Zelda-like experience you won't find it here but what you will find is a game inspired by a plethora of media that is clearly crafted with care and positive intent. Even though Ghost of a Tale is far from perfect in it's current state it is more than worth the money for the world alone. The books, songs, characters, and history all build a solid platform upon which an amazing game can be built.If the game featured more puzzles with more items and encounter variations then it could truly be something special. I'm excited to see what this game will become in the coming years and I hope one day I can come back to it and fall in love with it all over again in a different way than before."
,Recommended,417290,24527453,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Ash,"This game was one that I have been hoping would be as good as the trailer hinted at. It as not, in fact it was far better. After six and a half hours, I've a few thoughts.What I expected was a pretty and gorgeous looking game and indeed it is that (my graphics card cried, but they are tears of happiness!). The motion blur feels well at home the animations of characters are smooth, expressive and in Tilo's case often adorable, and the surroundings are a breath of fresh air. In some ways I'm reminded of the painting-quality graphics you saw in point and click games or yore, yet fully rendered and animated wonderfully in 3DWhat I did not expect was the depth of the game itself. Each character feels different and you can understand them easily, in short they make sense (sometimes in their very quirky way, you fellow players know who I'm talking about~!). Throwaway comments often turn out to be interesting and important lore issues that thread into other characters and the storyline itself. I've heard mentions of several other places, with background and information attached, which makes me feel like I may actually end up playing there someday (If I ever stop skittering around this jail!). You can clearly feel the differences in personality in the species, and within each species the range of people there also. It can be subtle, and it can be noticeable, but it feels right. Some friendly characters I'd trust with, some I'd like to trust and some I'm a bit weary of. Then there's the one or two I'd not trust as far as Tilo can't throw them!when I first started playing this game, I was almost expecting a skyrim-level attention to detail with dungeons, specifically where you start. One small pass through, find interesting elements, move on. Boy was I wrong!  I've gone through the Jail nearly forty times, and each time I've spotted something I've missed, something obvious that I simply didn't expect or think about. Often times it's something plot-important that, as you would expect considering what it is, I simply overlooked. And when I find it, either my chance or by being told, it feels natural.All in all, I can't recommend this game enough. I've seen a lot of people say it makes them think of Dark Souls with a mouse. I can see where they care coming from, but I'd like to counter. With the details of the game down even to statistics Tilo has with different items equipped, I would say this is more the perfect mix of point and click, Tabletop RPG, and then yes, Dark Souls. It throws you into the game, is forbidding and tricky, but Ghost of a Tale is forgiving when you mess up, as long as you think like a mouse!I think I may be addicted, really can't wait to see what's beyond the walls of this jail!"
76561197981726235,Recommended,417290,26374503,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Luizferrarezzi,"the controls are getting better after every patch;the dialogues and humor are on point;the universe is well crafted;the art direction is timeless;the music fits the situations very well;the level design is very good, easy to undertand the layout and where things are;the graphics look like CGI.one thing I would change:make the stamina refill a little bit faster;the game is 10/10 can't wait to play the full campaign."
76561198045061619,Recommended,417290,24530735,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Xavier,"Very good looking game. Well polished for early access game. Pretty much what everyone else has said... If you think you will like it, you probably will. It is pretty cool and this is only 25-30% of it. I haven't completed the early access yet and im not sure im even close. The world is very detailed. Cool game. Reminds me of Red Wall. Get it! :)"
,Recommended,417290,25298715,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Kafei88,"How my night went before I bought this game, and why I'd recommend it:1: Bought No Man's Sky for $60 on payday2: Refunded No Man's Sky, due to its lies.3: Saw this game was recommended to me.4: Looked at the screenshots, and was reminded immediately of Redwall and Secret of NIMH.5: Learned it was a stealth game.6: Purchased with refund money for $20.7: Launched it.8: Threw a bottle at a sleeping rat's head, and knocked him unconscious. (Despite him already being asleep...)9: Life Complete11/10, would throw bottles at disgusting rat guards again over naming a planet and all of its inhabitants.I recommend this game to those who absolutely loves stealth games, as well as Redwall and Secret of NIMH. (As well as lore) Though I can't put it in words at the moment; all I can really say is what Jim Sterling said, ""It feels like what an early access game should be."""
76561198002527269,Recommended,417290,24628006,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,BattlePuppy,"This game is wonderful, and everything I hoped it would be. Great job guys.Feedback:- Some of the jump puzzles are a bit frustrating because it can be tricky to see which ledges your character can grab and which ones he can't. It would be great if the highlighting on the edge of grabbable pieces was more noticable; be it with a lighter color or texture overlay- which ever is easier as long as it's constistant.- While I haven't gotten to play any of the combat, but getting knocked out as a player seems a little out of place at the moment. It's a bit odd to have the enemy swinging at me when I'm knocked out, but not take any damage; feels like it would make more sense to either not get knocked out or be able to be damaged during that time. But again, I don't know what you have planned- so I don't know what uses for this mechanic you have lined up.But seriously, great job guys. I'm really looking forward to playing your game."
,Recommended,417290,24580382,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,[OSG]Glint Gala,"Ghost of a Tale is an interesting Stealth game, involving dodging guards and solving puzzles, questing around and putting on costumes, both to fool characters and look awesome. It's also ADORABLE. The main character is a mouse jailed for sedition, in a jail full of rat guards, most of which do not have any interest in leaving you alive.The game plays really well, for looking like something where all the focus is on the art... And I mean that in the best way possible. The art in this game is -incredible-. The character models look fantastic, the animations are beautiful, and the atmosphere and lighting are awesome. There are still some quirks to be worked out -- lighting in some areas seems a bit jumpy -- but this is part of the Early Access process.The gameplay is fairly classic and intuitive for a Stealth style game. Don't get in combat unless it's absolutely forced, because as a tiny mouse in a jail full of armored rat guards, your ability to defend yourself ranks among the same levels as a loaf of damp bread. Instead, you'll spend your time watching patterns, dashing from hiding place to hiding place, and outwitting the guards at every turn as you jump from one place to the next.Sounds are a bit sparse right now, but the game doesn't need a ton of them. The pitter patter of your own feet, the heavy clanking of guards moving around, and the musical strikes when you are spotted and running for your life are effective. Character dialog would be interesting to see vocalized, but I can imagine finding a good voice actor to play a male mouse would be a trick at best.There are still issues, certainly, but it's a matter of ironing out kinks, definitely a process. There is still some bugfixing to be done, options to tweak and tailor (for example, at the time of writing this, PS4/Dualshock controllers are not supported, but Xbox controllers are), and other little issues. I felt a little overwhelmed with quests at one point, where I had so many active at once, and picking through to determine which ones are active and how to complete certain objectives was daunting. But none of these have taken away from the main gaming experience, which is the most important matter.Ghost of a Tale is an excellent game already, and by the time it's fully finished, it is absolutely worth checking out. Just remember that old mouse proverb...""Save early, save often!""You'll need it."
,Recommended,417290,29241190,Posted: 13 January,all,Kid,"I must admit  with over fifteenhundred games I don't write reviews ...  This will be the second one , following my l4d2 review with over  four thousand hours in ....  BUT I just had to have my ""voice"" heard... This  game is amazing so far.. The love that has gone into this game so far beats out several games still in a EA phase, even alot  that have come out of EA as nothing more than a cash grab, I can honestly say I dont see this game as a cash grab. The attention to the details are GREAT.  I LOVE it..  Please throw your few dollars down and help give this game the Support that it deserves. It scratches that itch I have been searching for .. Im sure it will scratch yours too.. I believe we have found a Hidden GEM..   Now lets give it  the polish it needs and Im sure we will all end up happy as larks in the end.. If you have never tried a EA game now's the time to jump on board and show that we want it and the dev's truley  deserve it .. I cannot stress enough  of how fun this is gonna be as a stealth adventure once it fruitates into the final product.. The settings and atmosphere within are top notch .. Just remember it is a EA and we are showing that we want it, and we care.. The  final product is sure to keep us up late at night saying , just five more minutes then ill quit ..http://www.ghostofatale.com.. Ok i'll stop my rambling on , JUST GET  IT , GET IT NOW....."
,Recommended,417290,28965318,Posted: 2 January,all,killtrix52,"I feel compelled to say that this game was a head scratcher in the best of ways! Ghost of a Tale is a game that really makes you have to think about your next move, and at the same time think about the places you've been and almost retrace your steps in the process.Not just that, but it has been beautifully crafted, and it's obviously been done with a lot of love. Considering the size of the team creating this thing, and how polished it already is, I can honestly say that I already see this as nothing more than a masterpiece. It's like I'm playing a Pixar version of 'The Secret of Nihm"" in real time. It is truely something that you have to behold yourself.Now you have to understand that this comes from a guy who usually never EVER pays for a game that hasn't already been completed in full. However, in seeing some of what has already been done with this game, and the direction it has taken in the past updates, I can tell you without hesitation that the future is incredibly bright for ths game.From the amazing graphics, to the backstories, to the subtle twists within, this game deserves every bit of attention it recieves and more. Give it a shot, and, I promise, you won't be dissappointed!"
76561198092171474,Recommended,417290,24552217,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,PhanTasM,"All i can say is WOW!!!THE NO SPOILERS SUPER OPINIONATED GAME REVIEW!!! :Dthis game is what i've been looking for in a game for a very long time!+intuitive controls+AMAZING art work and scale+OMFG SO CUTE!!! (yet so dreary)+the attention to details+the ambient sounds+Lore+funny as all hell+impactfull story+great pacing+EVERYTHING!!! from the look on your characters little face,.. to the moss on the walls,.. from the way you move,.. to the way you hide and keep still... ... LOVE IT!!!If you loved the movie ""The Secret of Nimh"" as a child (or like me still do because it's one of the best stories ever written)you will absolutely fall in love with this!!! (and this is coming from an avid DayZ - Miscreated - Rust - H1Z1 gamer :P)if anything i could say about this that could be even slightly considered negative,.. is there is no character voices.. I was SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO hoping for that little mouse to have a slightly whispy hushed whisper voice, to show she is sweet but been through a lot,.. (totally had Nimh in my head while getting into this though lol)DEVS: Please bring these characters to life evn more through careful casting of voice actors!!! open the forums up!!! i'm sure you will be surprised as to who you can get to voice your game,... Kholat even got Sean Bean :Pthis Dev group is amazing,.. the simple fact they listed this as EA... is crazy,.. there are a lot of pathetic console ports that pale to this in almost every + i listed above that cost 80$ + (cough cough Fallout4 cough cough FarCry:Primal)PS: the one bad review must be someone that either missclicked the recommend button,.. or is trying to play it on  a Tandy lolwhy are you reading this still? GO BUY THE GAME!!!"
,Recommended,417290,24595814,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Taliuz,"Very beautiful and well polished looking game that has a lot of nice game mecanics, only played it for about one hour but it gave me a very good first impression and also for the price I really do think it will be worth buying. Only downside is that I did experiance a few places where the game did loose a bit of fps but its a Early access game and things like that are to be expected. I also have a first Impressions video for it here (but it do contains a bit of spoilers)https://youtu.be/FvA_Sk-BLYo"
,Recommended,417290,24640466,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Tenax,"Amazingly beautiful and well animated, this game feels like Redwall brought to life.  As a small, adorable mouse, you don't have any fighting skills to speak of.  Sneak around, hide in the chests, and try to escape the prison.  Start your quest to find your wife and child in a prison full of intimidating, growling rats.Right now, the developers need additional funding for the game, so they've released it in early access.  I haven't completed the content that's currently available, but the main mechanics seem solidly implemented, and the environments are a joy to navigate.  Tilo is so well animated, I just love watching him warily sniff and twitch as he's hiding from guards behind a pillar."
,Recommended,417290,33504872,Posted: 13 July,all,Myreje,"Oh my... This game is a true piece of art ! It's a little gem ! and it deserves more fame !!!!I am going to buy a second copy for my girlfriend !I didn't play it much yet but I do enjoy it a LOT !It super cute, it's funny, its lore is great, it's immersive and it's graphics are nothing short of AMAZING ! This game is absolutely gorgeous ! and yet it is super smooth ! framerate is great so is frametime ! great optimizations !And animations looks AWESOME !The game is already so polished, even the tiniest details have been so carefully thoughts...And the gameplay I didn't see it much but it does look promising !!- I may update it later but what I have seen is enough for me to say :REALLY REALLY RECOMMENDED !"
,Recommended,417290,33918666,Posted: 30 July,all,Melo,Cutest game I've ever played. Very fun little stealth game. Worth every cent :)
,Recommended,417290,24759354,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,z32o,"I played this live on twitch(dot)tv/z32oAs of Aug 1st 2016 my thoughts on the game:A game that focuses a lot on exploration, Ghost of a Tale is the masterpiece of SeithCG and a couple of his friends.You'll be amazed at the character design of Tilo (the main protagonist) and how he moves. It is VERY hard not to squeal just by looking at it.What this game presents in order of emphasis:- Exploration: many corners hide collectibles, cloth pieces or lore tidbits- Costumes: alters your stats. Use different clothing according to the situation- Stealth: the enemies are Rats, big and clumsy, can be outrun if you are quick- Lore and Story: There's a story behind it and you'll discover as you play- Day and Night cycle: Some stuff only happen at night, while others happen during the dayWhat can be improved:- Enemy AI: needs more improvement as the rats have predictable movements and static speed- Voiceover: there are some parts that would shine if a voiceover was used, when Tilo sings for example. Even Banjo-Kazooie sounds or Okami sounds would be awesome.Overall it's a solid game if you like exploration based games!Your first playthough of this should take you anywhere between 8h to 16h depending on if you use the hint system or not, and if you choose to collect everything."
,Recommended,417290,24943445,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Rose Fox,"3 hours in and I had to stop because it's 6:30am.I'll try to be brief then with my feelings on this game so far.~ I wasn't entirely sure at the outset but this game's charm becomes clear very quickly and very strongly. Character designs are novel and have a really unique kind of feel to them stylistically.~ The writing is fantastically well done and really compelling, I'm going to try and do every quest in this early build just because this game, unlike many others, makes me want to do the little side quests - in particular the rose collecting quest, which I have 8/9 of currently (can't find the one near Rolo's smithy), and the story told from this quest is not only really neatly woven into what seems to be a main story thread, but it is also charming, endearing, and saddening all at once.~ The animation is very nice, it feels like there's a lot of Inverse Kinematics going on with things like climbing and the way Tilo interacts with small ledges and stairs (to a point). Moreover Tilo's movement feels fantastic, and looks really well considered as well as being absolutely adorable as well. There are naturally hiccups, but I'm impressed so far with him and the rats as well, with how they move so... Stalking and menacing, I really did feel their steely gazes and imposing frames at every turn.~ Graphical fidelity has never been something I've valued above all else, and I'm used to sacrificing that for a consistent, smoother experience. I am however totally in love with the detail in the environments, the quality of textures on pretty much everything I've seen from Tilo's fur to the grains of barrels and such, it all looks really good and I can't wait to see a whole world come to life in this depth and style as the game develops further.~ Technically speaking... I need a better machine to truly appreciate what this game can do. Certainly optimization and engine management comes into it but it performs very nicely for me at this point - though the AI in certain places can bug out significantly. Definitely heed the words, ""Save early, save often."" That having been said my opinions echo those of Jim Sterling here: if this is the worst the game can show me, I really am not going to complain about the AI occasionally (only happened once in 3 hours of play) wigging out.~ I nearly lost it when I read ""Curled Tails"" - I forget the actual book name but it's close at least. Being that I've done a lot of writing in my time, I thought that was a particularly poignant and smart jab at erotic (and especially erotic furry) fiction. Yes, a LOT of such stories are exactly like that.So much for keeping it short... but those are my thoughts so far. I love this game, and can't wait to see more."
76561197977705598,Recommended,417290,24570232,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Mr. Taco (vinny),This game definitely has potential but at the moment the stealth mechanics are very simple and at times frustrating. Hiding in darkness does not matter because enemies can see you no matter what. The only way you can hide from them is if you are out of sight by hiding in a chest or behind a wall. I am hopeful to see what is improved upon in the coming months.For now I will recommend the game because I feel like this game has a chance to become really good but at the moment the gameplay is very rough.
76561198031020989,Recommended,417290,24552484,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Burning RefleX,"Lovely game, looks very nice and the mouse of just adorable! :D"
76561198054862493,Recommended,417290,24633276,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Captain_Slow,"I love this game. First of all, it's absolutely beautiful to look at, with an art style that fits the game perfectly. The character design is amazing, the location is beatiful, and the animations are really good. The castle feels like a real place, full of life with a history to discover. The writing is also fantastic, with some genuine humor that doesn't feel out of place or tacked on. It is a little janky in places, but I can forgive that in a game where everything else is this good. In fact, I liked it so much I bought it twice, from here and GOG. I can't recommend this game enough, and I look forward to seeing what it will become as development progresses."
76561197971458548,Recommended,417290,24544336,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,pRabbit,"Been following this game for a few years now on occasion - meaning, every time I could remember its name: luckily ""Redwall like game"" or ""Mouse Guard like game"" or sometimes ""Game where the protagonist is a mouse -controls"" normally led to finding it yet again. My surprise grew as I saw it available on early access and despite my general aversion to this release model, ""Ghost of a Tale"" has a unique enough setup to take the risk.The game is visually competent, and is driven by tight controls and a reasonable amount of lore and background infos to help the player immerse into its charming world. Gameplay-wise, you take control of minstrel Tilo and navigate him through rat-ridden corridors (the ""enemies"" aren't stereotypical bad guys, which I appreciate a lot), while always trying to remain unseen: if a fight breaks loose, the only means of defense are to throw stuff at the aggressor or, better yet, run away and hide.Only two hours in, I already feel fatigue regarding this mechanic, since the enemies so far are easy to see through and not very clever: having to backtrack certain parts of the castle through the exact same setup of guards (or rather ""moving obstacles"") doesn't help the cause too much. Right now, my ""thumbs up"" rating is to be seen with a grain of salt: the game - considering its early access state - is too good to be punished with a mean, old, red thumb. For later builds however, I'm hoping for greater gameplay variety. At the moment, the formula is too simple to carry through a whole game, no matter how inviting the world, its inhabitants and their cultures are."
76561198007432032,Recommended,417290,24523839,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Sam,"After just over an hour with the early access, I am completely enchanted by this game, right from the moment """"Save Early, Save Often"" - An Old Mouse Proverb"" came up during a loading screen.And that's one of the major things that really stood out to me so far is just how well written it is, full of wit, charm and genuine laughs. Not bad considering there's no voice acting.The care for the writing extends naturally to everything else, the game is littered with wonderful details; from the wonderful little jaunt in the protagonists animations to the numerous items cluttering the world, all with descriptions and lore. There's a definitive whiff of Dark Souls about all of it so far, gloomy dungeons and intricate world design but despite the game's genuine thrill of exploration it's no dungeon crawler. This is a colourful stealth game and light puzzler, full of tense evasion and no combat to speak of. You outwit or evade your foes, with a variety of tools and here, Ghost of a Tale takes on a life of its own.It's also just an utterly gorgeous game, even at this stage, with lovingly lit dungeons and fantastic sense of character.Besides, if absolutely nothing else, this is a game where you can as a mouse in a pirate costume, eye patch and all. What's not to love?"
76561198106650031,Recommended,417290,24528855,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Siggles,────────────────────────▄▀▄─────────────────────────█─█─────────────────────────█─█─────────────────────────█─█─────────────────────────█─█─────────────────────────█─█─────────────────────────█─▀█▀█▄─────────────────────────█──█──█─────────────────────────█▄▄█──▀█────────────────────────▄█──▄█▄─▀█────────────────────────█─▄█─█─█─█────────────────────────█──█─█─█─█────────────────────────█──█─█─█─█────▄█▄──▄█▄────────────█──▀▀█─█─█──▄█████████────────────▀█───█─█▄▀─▄███████████────────────██──▀▀─█▄█████████████────────────█─────███████████───▀▀█▄─────────▀█────█████████───▀▀▀──█──────────█────███████───────██─▀█─────────█────█████──▄──────────▀█────────█────█ Look son███──█──────▀▀█───▀█───────█────█ a good Game███─▀─██──────█────▀█──────█────████─────────────────▀█─────█────████──────────────────█─────█────████─────────────▄▀───█─────█────█████─────────▄▄██────█▄────█────█████────────██████────█────█────██████────█──███████▀──█───▄█▄▄▄▄███▀▀██────▀─██▄──▄█───█───█─────███▄──────────██████───█───█─────█─██▄────────────▄▄────█───█─────█─███████─────────────▄█───█─────█──██████─────────────█───█▀─────█──▄███████▄─────────▄█──█▀──────█─▄█─────▄▀▀▀█───────█───█───────█▄█────────█──█────▄███▀▀▀▀──────██──▄▀▀────────█──▄▀──█──────────██────█─────────█─────█──────────██────────▀█────█─────█─────────███───────────────█──▄█▀─────────██──────────██───█▀▀▀───────────██───────────────█──────────────██▄─────────────██──────────────█─█▄────────────█───────────────█──██▄────────▄███▀▀▀▀▀▄────────█─█▀─▀█▄────────▀█──────▀▄──────█─█────▀▀▀▀▄─────█────────▀─────█─█─────────▀▄──▀───────────
,Recommended,417290,26702324,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Shades,"Pros:+Good Presentation (Graphics, animation quality, sound, etc.) It really looks nice, and I would believe you if you told me this game was made by a big budget studio.+Great Writing. Despite the lack of voice overs, the sense of humor and amount of character put into the writing is very entertaining and believable.+Great content to map size ratio. Despite there only being 3 main areas, none of which are that large, the level design, quests, and characters dispersed throughout actually give you a lot to do and explore in each one.+Intriguing Story, though unfinished. Since its in Early Access, you get kind of blue balled once the content is cut off, but enough was there to get me interested in the main characters.+Limitless potential if further development continues at a steady paceCons:-Mediocre optimization. Motion blur significantly reduces framerate, and certain areas my framerate was halved. Random huge frame drops for 1-2 seconds on occasion as well. I have a GTX 1060, which is by no means a weak card.-Barebones main stealth mechanic. For a game designed purely on stealth, the stealth mechanic is a little bland. It uses a simple system where line of sight and your movement near enemies increases their awareness of you, and once the awareness bar reaches full, you're caught. Only, not really, because you can just outrun the guards and hide as soon as you break line of sight, and they make no attempt to search the hiding spots.-Currently, not enough content. I don't think the amount of game justifies its price. I'm writing this immediately after I beat it (not 100%, but pretty close, 24/26 quests completed) so my time played (4-5 hours) is accurate to around how long it'll take you to finish. If you do decide to purchase it consider it a donation to help move development along, not as a purchase of a full game. Which you should be doing for every EA title, honestly.Things of Note:=As of this review, there is absolutely no combat. Purely stealth. There are outfits that provide various bonuses, but they don't affect gameplay significantly enough to really make a huge difference other than aesthetics. This is not the Dark Souls: Prepare to Mice Edition you're looking for.=Controller STRONGLY recommended. Despite not being DS:PtME, it still needs a controller about as badly. Keyboard controls are pretty wonky, and don't allow to walk, which affects your ability to sneak.=No voiceovers. It'd be really nice if they could find some really good VA's, but I'd rather them stick to text than get someone to phone it in.=Occasional bugginess, as should be expected with early access titles.Overall, I think this game is well worth supporting. The setting is something we really don't see in action games too often, and while the story is rather simple, it's still interesting and well written enough to keep players invested. Keep in mind my main gripes about this game are on the technical side, and will likely be remedied as it is developed."
,Recommended,417290,28322418,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Calico,"I just ""beat"" the early access portion of the game, and I absolutely love it! The art style, character design, writing, and atmosphere are wonderful. The gameplay wasn't exactly what I expected, but it still works well. The stealth elements are very light, and after the initial segment, it opens up into a non-linear questing affair. The quests mostly consist of ""find x number of items"".It could be said that the game is too easy, but I would describe it more as casual. This is the game I found myself going to when I wanted to relax and explore. I can see a lot of families playing this with their smaller children. There is peril in the stealth elements, but very little in the way of violence (was there even any blood?) and no gore whatsoever.I see a lot of potential here, and I'm really really excited for the next update and the final release!"
76561198068589663,Recommended,417290,25002526,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,♥Dottie♥,"I just finished the first little area they have for this game and I'm blown away. It felt so warm and cozy yet so spooky and gritty. It had quite a bit of content; there's a lot of lore, secrets, and quests. I could really get into the feel of the role and the world. The mechanics are solid with a few bugs here and there. The bugs are very, very minor though. I'm very excited for this game to update with more stuff and areas."
76561197995407699,Recommended,417290,29250692,Posted: 14 January,all,Krull,"Stealth/Adventure. Playing a wee mouse locked up in a Fort run by Rats, you must scamper round releaving everyone of anything they own while you also try to find your other half. Great wee game so far."
,Recommended,417290,34225274,Posted: 13 August,all,Jack ❤ サンドラ @G2A❤,Honestly one of the most beautful adorable games ive ever played could do with some more content but its an eye opener to another world below ours.much love to the guy behind this and game.
76561198043865947,Recommended,417290,32116941,Posted: 1 June,all,Blind Martin,"A charming and atmospheric adventure. The gameplay serves to move the story and reveal more of the richly designed world, and to immerse you in the role of the protagonist. Even in Early Access Ghost of a Tale will be well worth the price for those that enjoy a well-written and visually imaginative fantasy story."
76561198145986938,Recommended,417290,24622266,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,The Laughing Man,Dark souls (minus combat) meets Redwall. Its amazing!
,Recommended,417290,24614934,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Belt_Bucket_TCB,"This game is absolutely wonderful. Everything is beautiful and feels authentic. The writing is really good as well, which is essential because the game world is filled with lore. Even this little slice of the game gives you a sense of an expansive universe full of whimsy, strife, and history. I highly recommend giving this game a try. I eagerly await the full release!"
,Recommended,417290,28711247,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Legosaur,"of you like mouseguard, redwall or secret of nimh and nimh series get this ASAP. while it has some bugs this game needs to get released. gorgeous. runs smooth on not top of the line processor."
,Recommended,417290,25034170,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,-=NIMH=-,OMG WOW! My Child hood fantsy comes to life ...I just cant stop playing it...I mean I have never played a game like it..the art style is unreal and the story...for early access this game is worth every penny! I can not wait to see what devs have instore for the rest of the game!....Its like being in  the movie the secret of NIHM!..I would have payed 60 bucks for this game easy! Love this game and love the people who are making it...may their children grow up to be just as awesome as they are! Much love!!!!
76561198056186683,Recommended,417290,33183329,Posted: 3 July,all,GuyOnAChair,The game was so engrossing my first session was 15 hours. The game's asethetic and graphics are amazing and the performance is excellent. 21:9 support is 99% correct with only a loading screen image being not quite 21:9 ready. I found many minor bugs or quirks from testing the limits of the game but they are only nitpicks and don't detract from enjoying the game in Early Access.I'm not sure if Ghost of a Tale is primarily an old school adventure game alla Zelda or Banjo or more Redwall asthetic meets old Metal Gear 1/2 MSX gameplay. It's hard to describe but whatever it is it's AT LEAST worth trying.
76561198031330328,Recommended,417290,24524575,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,sam,"Pros: Stunning visuals, smooth gameplay, intriguing story, good audio/soundtrackCons: BugsThis game is gorgeous, the visuals are fantastic and it is well optimized for smooth gameplay. Its not only a pretty game, in just the first few minutes I was already interested in the story. The only flaws I can pick from this game are bugs, some minor like ui's laying over eachother wrong, but one I ran into was game breaking(recent update fixed this bug). All in all I say this is a good buy, but if you are worried about bugs ruining your experience wait a day or so, even then it seems the dev is working hard fixing problems that arise. Video review below:https://youtu.be/UJaANBV-Qx0Like the description of the game says, this is an action rpg game where you rely on stealth to get by. You're a little mouse dwarfed by rats. The game has 26 quest, involving multiple steps to complete. There are also some collectables in the form of costumes to find as well. The story is intriguing, and the characters you meet are fun as well. There is also controller support as well, but I have not used it so I cant review how well it works for controller, but keyboard and mouse work fine, although the game starts with the vertical axis of the mouse inverted which is a bit bizarre. You can tell alot of work has been put into this game, not only visually but in the little things. One of these things I enjoyed is the statistics tab which keeps track of things like playtime, times you've spooked a guard, and deaths."
,Recommended,417290,29550565,Posted: 28 January,all,Tueuses_Reves,"This game is the best of all. After 10 hours of playing I have a lot of amazing feelings. ""Ghost of a tale"", in my opinion, have very interesting and exciting storyline. The game is played ""in one breath"". I'm really looking forward to continued. Thanks a lot to the developers for this gorgeous game."
,Recommended,417290,24615773,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Mark,"I totally adore this game ! It's beautifully made, exciting and fun."
76561198082474547,Recommended,417290,25019285,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Bocmok,"Usually i dont leave any rewiews but this game is an EXCEPTION! I'd like to thank the developer and his small crew for this game. This game is a complete AWESOMENESS. It makes you feel i little child liying in your bed and listening to your granny's fairy tail. The beautiful world, beautiful story that plunge you in from tip to toe leaving you exited for a very long time. There's something that keeps you interested 'till the end without even a single thought that you got tired from game process - something that most games lack of nowadays while they have so much resourcers unlike these guys. Also game represents the efforts that these people put in this marvelous product so that you can see how much they care about their own creation from the first sight.I recommend everyone to have such an experience by themselves and support the creators of this masterpiece. Cant wait for the full release to play the complete story what i am going to do with a big pleasure!"
76561198050707140,Recommended,417290,24557934,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Broconut,"This game is wonderful. Probably the closest we'll come to a proper Redwall game. It's true stealth, the kind where you save before you save, just to be safe. The graphics are really good, and the controls solid. Really the only complaint I have is that it's not finished, but even still it's got more content than most games, so that's null. Also mostly posting this review to boost the rating. But seriously, this game is great, 100% worth $20!"
,Recommended,417290,26746534,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Sinistro,"Mesmo estando em Early Access eu já recomendo muitoGhost of a Tale. Em poucos minutos ele me segurou como poucos jogos conseguiram. Extremamente carismático, bonito e divertido.O jogo acompanha as aventuras do pequenino herói Tilo, um camundongo-bardo que foi capturado por ratos gigantes e precisa escapar de suas masmorrras; desvendando misterios do seu passado e do mundo do jogo no caminho. As mecânicas misturam vários gêneros, de jogos de plataforma a Stealth.Os maiores problemas por agora são a performance ruim e a inteligencia artificial que é bem limitada. Mas a cada update isso vem melhorando.Essa versão dura entre 5 e 6 horas e tem basicamente a primeira área do jogo, que equivale a 25-30% do jogo completo.Análise completa:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Eg76_bxJ2Q"
76561198018196046,Recommended,417290,24551084,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,El artista,"I love this game so much.I have a lot of games, but rarely does one really grab me and make me want to play it to death! I really want Ghost of a Tale to be one of those games! But one or two bugs seem to be holding me back.. For example, instead of a barrel falling on a rat guard and knocking him out so I can take the key and progress, it just falls straight through him. Or when I go to sleep for the first time after meeting the mysterious stranger, and I wake up OUTSIDE the tower and fall to my death! Kinda sucked cause it had been a little while since I'd saved.. OH WELL. I will play it again because despite the ocassional buggy flaw, this game is charming, adorable, beautiful and full of interesting lore!"
76561197991281677,Recommended,417290,24522808,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Bee's?,"After playing for an hour, so far I am impressed.  The graphics and art style are very pretty (considering 90% are done by one man) and the controls feel comfortable and fluid (with the small exception of jumping to grab ledges can be a little off at time).There are plenty of quests and being able to find peices of armour to use as disguises is a very nice touch.  There is plenty to explore and collect which is what I love in a game.  So far I am unable to fight the much larger rats so am forced to run and hide, but this feels fun and there are plenty of hiding places to choose from.Initially I give this a solid 7/10 with room for movement up or down as I continue to play"
,Recommended,417290,24819598,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Darkin20,"So far only played a bit of the beta but it is already fun to play. Very rough around some edges and does mess up sometimes but never crashed. Art style and content are very good. Once they clean up the many small issues, it will make for an amazing game."
,Recommended,417290,29313291,Posted: 17 January,all,Justinian,"What a wonderful surprise. One of the most charming and well executed indie games I've ever had the pleasure of playing. Even in it's early access state, it's more technically accomplished and polished than many AAA titles. The animation and graphics are quite possibly the best I've ever seen, and the gameplay is well designed and fun.Cannot wait for the final game!"
,Recommended,417290,24589075,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Broq,"OMG this game is super cute and the mgs stealth mechanics are super fun :D, havent explored the rpg elements too much but im and instant fan of it, try it!"
76561198016996369,Recommended,417290,29302536,Posted: 16 January,all,lardener,"Great little sneaking around game.  Having gotten used to minimaps and compass HUDs it was hard to switch back to a minimalist hud, but I htink it helps with the immersion.  At first I was afraid of getting detected and took pains to avoid it.  Now I will sprint by guards and duck into a hiding spot before they make it around the corner.  Now that I've opened up some (all?) of the secret passages I can move around relatively unmolested.  Can't wait for the full version!"
76561198045636893,Recommended,417290,33585012,Posted: 16 July,all,Mighty Rat,Amazing and heartily created game! This game is using simple mechanics combined with a wonderful fantasy world you'll feel in love with!
,Recommended,417290,24668447,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,DawnKai | ENEMY SPOTTED,"Ok, so this is updated version of my first review, which was negative.I have passed the game, with all the quests done and in about 2 hours (had to replay due to the bug).There are tons of things you have to know, which the game doesn't tell you if you want to survive.Lemme first write what I liked/disliked and then I will give you some tips:good side:+ Tons of secrets+ Tons of disguises+ Graphics+ Tons of characters+ Tons of collectables+ Romantic story (a good story! not like some of those anime vn :I)+ A disguise affects how NPCs are talking to you+ Never had enough of florens for some reason+ Constant big updates fixing most of the issues without making new+ Sneaking is hard, but later it's easy to understand+ Guard Suit - ♥♥♥♥♥♥s were♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off+ Plague Doctor Mask - <3bad side:- some minor bugs like being stuck on stairs etc- FPS drops sometimes- some people are reporting missing items, but it's constantly fixed- can't really protect yourself, only with a bottle- going back and forth through known places for one quest sometimes may be boringThere you got some tips:1. You can knock down guards without helmet if you will headshot them with a bottle2. Disguises increase your stamina/health3. Buffs from disguises apply only if you have a full set4. The detection meter of guards lowers if you stand still, not sneak5. Listen to the dialogues, don't skip them6. Thief disguise gives you more text with Gustio and Fatale, Pirate diguise with Pirate Frog and Guard set allows you to pass next to the guards unnoticed and even talk to them!7. The Blacksmith can basically mark you every secret on your map for a few florens which you can find mostly in the sewers.TL;DR:8.5/10 - Good potential, some bugs and it lacks some things - but if the creators will guide it right - we may get a very cool game."
,Recommended,417290,24661609,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Batsdom,"A gorgeous and heartfelt adventure game with touches of classic D&D, Thief, and Redwall. Wonderful, heartfelt, and interesting stealth gameplay that makes you feel for the characters as if you were a mice yourself."
,Recommended,417290,24674447,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Confuzledish,"Charming, witty, and full of polish. Tilo may be escaping from jail, but the world he inhabits is unbelievably rich. Each character has their own motivations, personalities, and quirks. You are never quite sure who to trust, or if you should even trust at all. The gameplay is challenging, the puzzles are unique and test observational skills. But perhaps the greatest draw is that you can go through this adventure as you see fit.You choose who to be nice to, you choose who you can scam. The consequences of your actions are merely moral - and not shoved down on you. One quick example, I revisited the frog early in the game dressed as his captain. I could have told him the truth that his captain, and friend, was dead. But instead I lied and continued the farce. I was then able to retrieve the item I was looking for from him, and was also able to get five florences in the process through the scam. I don't know if this is the inevitable outcome, but it felt as though I made the decisions leading there. And the game didn't punish me for it. I had to live with knowing that I lied to an old frog who never truly got to say goodbye to his friend - and the only consequence was one that I put on myself. This type of moral choice is only capable via this medium, and it is done with artistic grace. Other games that offer choices typically hold your feet to the fire in a black and white situation of good vs evil. 'Ghost of a Tale' does not paint morality for you - it makes you discover it for yourself. And that is just ONE example of the countless choices I had to make with the NPCs.Gameplay is satisfying, and honestly well done. The UI is fantastic for this, and limiting the stamina on current health pool is ingenious. The stealth mechanic is intuitive, and works better than the majority of stealth games I have ever seen. All of this – and no combat. Yes, you can knock some guards out – but it is often wasteful and more strategic to play it safe.This isn’t to say the game doesn’t have room for improvement. There were a few times where I truly got stuck. The Sewer Key, for example, was particularly infuriating. I searched everywhere for that key. To find that it was in a second drawer early on in the game almost made me want to stop. A big part of what makes this game fun is the discovery and collection of things. But when they are hidden too well then things become taxing. Keys are the typical example here, but there are others. An improvement I would make would be to have important items slightly glow, or shimmer, in order to draw the players eye. Or, have the Blacksmith make them glow and show you exact locations if you do pay him. This is a major problem that needs to be addressed.The other problem with the game is in fact with the Blacksmith. It is too easy to save, spend your money to hear what he has to say, then reload. I was able to hear everything he needed to say in a few minutes and never having to spend money. There is one quest that requires you to pay him, but figuring that out was resolved through more of trial and error than by game design.Despite these few qualms I am in love with this game. I am more than satisfied with spending $20 for the 7 hours I have put into it – if this was all there was to the game I would be immensely satisfied. I want to know more about this world, its characters, history, and Tilo’s story.  Thank you for this amazing experience."
,Recommended,417290,34862491,Posted: 10 September,all,Keko,"Ghost of a tale is a fun to play and a really gorgeous looking game. Stealth mechanics work great, but if you just want to quickly backtrack from point A to point B the game won't punish you too hard for alerting one or multiple guards to your presence, as you can easily find a hiding place to wait them out. Yes, there is some backtracking, but is made far less irritating than in most titles through game's single, continuous environment and multiple paths you can take from one location to another. Speaking of that environment, it feels truly filled, lush, alive and immersive. Being underground feels like you really are underground and in contrast forest really looks and feels like a forest, which is something I find a lot of game struggle with and tend to feel unfinished. Ghost of a Tale actually IS unfinished, but it already feels incredibly rich.Gameplay is very straight-forward for a stealth game. You can sneak, hide, knock your opponents out or distract them. All of these work well, are fun to do and I've not run into any issues with them during my playthrough. Minor bugs aside, I've not ran into anything game-breaking or quest-breaking, or really any kind of bug or glitch that interferred with my gameplay. If these were present in earlier versions, they have been fixed.The main character, Tilo, is quite compelling with his adorable appearance, poignant backstory and clear motivations. You are also given some, admittedly very limited, choice with his personality when picking dialogue options during NPC conversations.Although the story has been described by the developer as linear, there are a few choices to make during the game, most of which unfortunately we do not yet get to see the result of (like what you decided to do with the spyglass). Some quests also give you multiple options on how to complete them and some quests are not all that easily discovered, thus giving you a reason to thoroughly explore this wonderfully crafted world. Expositional text is simple and yet effective in conveying the world of the game to the player. It is sometimes serious and sad, and other times funny, even occasionally dipping into black comedy. Besides telling you about the world, it might also reveal things about Tilo and other NPCs.On the more biased note; this game will most definitely appeal to the fans of Redwall, Mouse Guard, Beyond the Western Deep and similar works. I thoroughly recommend Ghost of a Tale to those whose stylistic predilections are already aligned with the game, those who enjoy stelath games and those who just enjoy a colorful and well defined fantasy worlds. It’s already worth your time and money in its early access state."
76561198110584690,Recommended,417290,24640513,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Kitt Fox,"Been waiting for this since the kickstarter and so far it is great.Visually it looks great, but it needs A LOT of programming polish.i loved the little bit i played but ill will wait for a final version."
76561197966717844,Recommended,417290,25005029,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Dr. Forrester,"This game is amazing, from the art style to the lore, it is really well done. I look forward to playing the full version."
76561198315052705,Recommended,417290,24644939,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Baggin,"This game is very creative and well done so far. I highly recommend picking it up if you like stealthy type games. I haven't got to any combat yet so I can't judge that, but if this game is even on your radar get the early access to support the small team behind it because I really want this to be finished and not abandoned."
76561198030975965,Recommended,417290,26027606,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,DomFon,"I would have to say this game is very well made, planned, and presented, with an indepth lore."
,Recommended,417290,24760804,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Dymhsa,"While I cannot actually recommend any game in early access, I'd like to get a good review up to show that the game is looking wonderful so far.The gameplay is mostly stealth based exploration, where your only combat options for the majority of the experience is to knock out a guard with a bottle. You generally run faster than all the guards and a hiding spot is never far. In short it's an extremely easy experience so far.But the world is wonderful. The game is full of lore, yet broken down into easily digestable chunks. People who care about story and atmosphere will find themselves right at home in this game. The designs of the characters are extremely well done as any screenshots with them will tell. Sounds and musics are good as well, complimenting the game without being obstrusive or out of place.This will certainly be a game to keep an eye on. All the bugs so far seem to be standard faire that will get ironed out before the release."
76561198208652616,Recommended,417290,33149430,Posted: 2 July,all,lustwy,"Level design is ingenious, stealth mechanics are well executed. Great graphics, characters' animations and atmosphere are made with a lot of details. Story and lore are both endearing and serious (you’ll see it is not manichaen and there is humor). I love the fact that interactions can be different depending on what suit your character is wearing. To be honest, I bought two copies of the game, one for myself and the other was for my brother. It reminds me videogame experiences we had when we were younger. This game has a lot of potential…"
76561197977720441,Recommended,417290,28848069,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Tha,5/5 iam in love with this game! :-)
,Recommended,417290,24653405,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,RareBehemoth,"An extremely promising start. Aside from a few bugs and a couple of mechanics in need of polish, I would have thought this was a vertical slice demo of a finished game. I'm eagerly awaiting more content."
,Recommended,417290,24700990,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,OhioMan,"I decided to purchase this game and support the developer on developing this game further. I have played this last night and it runs really really well at all max settings and at 3xxx  resolution on a 50 inch monitor running a antique Nvidia gforce 750ti graphics card on a amd fx machine with 16 under the hood. I must admit that this is a really well done game, My wife said the mouse is really cute. The use of stealth and the right timing trying to make it past the rat guards, and the overall feel of the game.10/10 would recommend this game."
,Recommended,417290,24659657,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,WorriedDuckling,"I don't normally write reviews, but this game... well, let me just say that It has been a long time since I have played a game that I have enjoyed so thoroughly, not only did this game remind me of games I played in my childhood such as The Hobbit by Sierra & The legend of Zelda, but books as well like Redwall & a lot of Tolkien's work. Nostalgia is definitely one of the reasons I love it so much, but that aside, the gameplay is fantastic and the graphics/art-style is flawless.Now, the game has its fair share of flaws that I expect to see gone on the final release, for starters, the stealth mechanic is very exploitable in its current state, and by that I mean you can literally just run past all the guards and hide in pretty much plain sight as the guard just wanders back to his post. I would definitely love to see all that patched up, and the difficulty either in different levels or just more of a challenge overall.In addition to that, the game could do with some more music, I found myself playing all sorts of musical playlists to liven up the silence a little when wandering around the fantastic level design. It would also be nice to see a better graphics settings menu, as the current one is very basic and lacking in options.It took me roughly 5 hours to complete all that this early version of the game has to offer, which is not that bad considering it’s only a small portion of what the game will be on release, I am craving more already though.And let me just say, if you were on the fence on whether or not to get it, I would highly recommend you pick it up and support these amazing people creating it as they have such a fantastic idea as to what makes a great game, and I imagine it will cost more on the final release.Thank you developers for creating such a fun experience, and thank you backers that raised the initial funds for the game on Indiegogo. I’m extremely excited to see what this game becomes and I will be coming back regularly to see what they add/change.I’m not going to rate it out of 10, I don’t think that’s necessary as the game will not be out until sometime in 2017 if all goes well, but I will say that if the full release is an expanded version of what we have here? Then it will most certainly be one of my favourite games to date."
,Recommended,417290,25341244,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,mysoul,"Pros: The art style, lore, story, gameplay, characters, everything is fitted and very interesting. The animations of Tilo is so cute. I highly recommend this game!Cons: More music is needed in my opinion and I'm having graphic issues from time to time."
,Recommended,417290,25572141,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Petro,"I dont normally write reveiws on Steam, but if you enjoy fantasy RPG with great graphics, this is for you.In fact if you grew up reading any 80's 'speaking animal' fantasy then this is a dream come true. Really impressed with the build too. Very few bugs. Good story,great writing. What are you waiting for? Go buy!"
,Recommended,417290,30455064,Posted: 11 March,all,pirate89RAWR,"A stealthy mouse looking for his family after being captured by the rats?A fantasticly refreshing take on stealth and RPG games, Ghost of a Tale is a must buy, even in its early access form. I am certain this game will be the best indie game once it is fully released. The details are incredible. As a mouse, Tilo moves and behaves exactly as you'd expect. He sniffs the air, gets on all fours to run, and uses his toes like a mouse would. Although it is cute and fun, do not write this game off as easy! Not only are there some difficult stealth challenges, but there are also puzzles and strategic issues. Give Ghost of a Tale a try. I promise you'll be in love."
,Recommended,417290,24603407,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,♂ Skejven ♂,"I really enjoyed Ghost of a Tale. Mostly, because it's based around Mice and Rats, which are my favourite animals.In terms of gameplay, it's good. It's nothing really innovative, but mechanics like controls, movement and stealth are done nice, but I hope devs will make lightning matter. I mean, I have full set of thief costume, which is black, but enemies still see me from like 20 meters at really dark night, not to mention in real life Rats see world rather blurry and they don't really have great eyesight.The Atmosphere is really great with it's cartoon-like greatly written characters, nice soundtrack and beautifull graphics. Locations are also done pretty well, and I like Soul's-like (It's not really a mechanic that originates from Souls series, but I find it to be the best comparison) advancing into locations and making shortcuts to previous areas.Story is interesting and I really want to know what will happen in full build of the game.Hope rest of the game will be as good as the part shown us in early access."
,Recommended,417290,24567282,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,DustOfTheNorth,"Stealth ✓Lore ✓Graphics ✓Mice ✓This is a game you should really... check out.-Its gonna need a decent computer to really push the graphics to the max at resolutions over 1080p.-The color pallet is beautiful and lighting look spectacular.-You may have to tweak the controls a bit for personal taste.-Theres a bunch of other more in depth reviews, but overall, it looks good and feels good to play."
,Recommended,417290,25374708,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Vanilin,"This game is one of the most promising early access games I've ever played. It has such an amazing looking world with plenty of corners to search for a bunch of items. I particularly love the different cultures, it seems that lesser stories only have one culture and that's it, but having conflicting beliefs helps to create a more interesting world and people to talk to in said world. Between just the mice and rats you have a ton of cool lore to learn about, and I can't wait to see what the other animals cultures are like. It also helps that the gameplay is good too."
76561197998239283,Recommended,417290,25507397,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Chainedkitty,"I simply love this games genuine look and feel, its a interesting story that keeps you wanting to stay in this world for a lot longer.but i will say this game currently has some flaws, one of witch is the massive need to optimize in order to make this game not drop on fps as drasticly as it does.i lowered it down to keep the nice looks about, but even then i was falling into a lot of glitchy moments with the camera and even frame locking seemed to not fix any of the issues.As well The ai in this game is very dumb, as in at a certain point you dont even need to sneak away from the enemy, just simply run past them a few feet and jump into a barrel and you dont have a issue with escaping.great game, hope to see it grow even more."
76561197993949590,Recommended,417290,24604491,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Nosterex,An Absolute Gem.
76561198167996441,Recommended,417290,25867138,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,tokyoadam19,"There really is something quite magical about this game. It has some serious Rats of Nimh feelings to it, and thats just fine by me!There's some great passion being put into Ghost of a Tale that will guarantee that you'll see this reach the light of day.Like some of you, I'm tpyically skeptical of throwing money at Early Access, but this game has been on my wishlist for a while now. Since getting a greatly upgraded gaming rig from a friend, I finally have the power to play something like this, and it was well worth the wait! This really is a charming game where the ""little guy"" can make all the difference.Don't let the animal visuals fool you however, there's some decent stealth gameplay at work here that can often feel tense in the right ways. Think of this as the Rodent version of a Thief game and you'd be pretty close.I absolutely do recommend this, if only to see the red glow of the mouse's ears when light catches behind them!It still needs some work here and there. The quests could do with a little bit more polish (it can get overwhelming as to where to go and what to do) and I'd like to see combat implemented, but I think that's on its way.Right now what you're getting for your money is the beautiful beginnings of a well thought out world and a good chunk of stealthy-playground to sneak around in."
,Recommended,417290,25868634,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Kerrty,"I really loved playing this game. The hero, Tilo, is adorable and the environment looks great! The story line thus far, is fun and inviting. I did think this game was going to be a little more challenging, but it was pretty easy to get through. Keep in mind, you only get to play the first part of the story right now. I'm really looking forward to playing the rest of this game!"
,Recommended,417290,29290325,Posted: 15 January,all,enko,"Amazing. Saw it on YouTube, had to support. Atmosphere of the game has depth and draws in attention."
,Recommended,417290,29228269,Posted: 13 January,all,Blurgle,Unbelievable game. Made with the Unity engine. The 3D portion of the game is perfect. The 2D portion has some issues with the GUI in window mode (like drop downs).
76561198102502760,Recommended,417290,29514823,Posted: 26 January,all,1157040622,"From the introduction,i think that not only itself but also the attitude of the writers which attracts me.It's really a good game,and i will continue to focus on it if it can create more dlcs,espically languages."
76561197982553122,Recommended,417290,29545726,Posted: 28 January,all,R2mi2,"I only playerd 2h for now, but what an experience. The game, as you can already see on the screenshots is incredebly beautiful. But it is not just about a good looking game.The universe, the atmosphere, the global ambiance is nicely depicted. All the details are carefully worked, nothing is hazardous. I would compare this attention for the numerous details to what you can find in Elder Scroll series (Skyrim to name the last one).Guys, thank you for this experience, and I cannot wait for the full release :)"
,Recommended,417290,25412547,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Oliphaunt,"Wow. What a game! I played this throughout the night and morning.I can't add much to this review that hasn't already been said before by others, but I'll break down some pros and cons.Pros:- Looks incredible- Ambiance - Despite being a very cute, the jails and sewers were very off-putting (in a good way!). Chains rattling, the music, the lighting... It made me expect something bad to happen even in places I'd been through a few times. Kept me on my feet.- Interesting lore and world building - There has been a lot of effort in world building, and I really feel like a small mouse in a big world so far.- Witty and funny writing - I didn't expect the writing to be as funny as it is. Had quite a few laugh out loud moments.- Great characters - This goes along with the above point- Fun gameplay mechanics/puzzles - Utilizing the environment to reach keys and other objects was fun, and the stealth mechanics were good (albeit a bit buggy, more on that below). The jail really reminded me of the prison from Wind Waker (Except fun).- Level design - The areas remind me of Dark Souls. Very beautiful scenery, even in the dankest parts of the jail. There are plenty of shortcuts you can unlock through the game to help access past areas faster.Cons (Mostly bugs):- Platforming - This may be just me, but I  found it very hard to perform some platforming jumps in the later area of the game to reach some of the side-quest items. Tilo seemed really stiff and never wanted to face in the exact direction I pointed him in. I'm sure these will be matted out in the final release.- Enemy AI - The enemies would sometimes bug out, they'd get alerted to me and stay still, or remain stuck for the rest of the game, etc. These should ironed out in the final release.- Sometimes my game wouldn't let me pick up an item on the ground unless I was looking at it at a very specific angle, especially on tables and keys knocked onto the floor from hooks.- Poorly optimized - This will improve with the final release I'm sure.And finally...- Left me wanting to play more! This game is fun! I can not wait for the rest of the game to be released, as well as more of the world.Seith and his team should really be proud of themselves. They're working on an incredible game that deserves recognition."
,Recommended,417290,24651116,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,carlovincentyap,This game caught my curiousity is amazing. I like to stealth and sneaky to avoid as possible from the enemies or knock them out. Customizing outfit is cool and i like to collect them as possible to be cooler. It's pretty challenging and i like it. It's a fun adventure and it is so recommended if someone want to explore stuff and finding treasure.
,Recommended,417290,25406952,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,[GG] Tastyrice,"I cannot reccomend this game enough. I played it straight through the end of the demo no stopping. There are still some bugs here and there, obvioulsy because it's still in early access. But the fact this IS an early access and you can get 10 hours out of the game if you try to finish all the quests is ridiculous.Every character you meet has a well indepth story or personality. Even when you talk to the rats they have something interesting to say at different times. The night and day cycle really brings out a sense of world building. Nothing breaks the immersive feeling, besides the couple of bugs, but everything feels like it generally belongs in the world. One or two puzzles are very tricky, and you will learn to make sure to check every place you have been to comb over for finishing all of the quests.The dialouge throughout the game has nothing but witty retorts or puns. It brings the feeling of immsersion even more to life. Also, all of the items you collect are used for something, not just ""Oh hey. Cool. WTF am I going to use this for?"". All of the clothing are fun to switch between and aids gameplay immensly.10/10 would reccomend to everyone + eagarly waiting for the full release!"
76561198064940441,Recommended,417290,25470615,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Zumba Dance Instructor,"I became aware of this game after seeing Will Strife on Youtube play it. I only watched for five minutes before I exclaimed ""I love it already"" upon seeing a small mouse with his little hat running around a rat infested jail. And that's always a good sign. I closed the video after that to not spoil myself further. I wanted to experience it myself.The game is a stealthy action game with RPG elements in it. You have food to raise your health after being hurt, tools like candles and sticks to help progress, and articles of clothing that you can find scattered across the world that improve your stats or help disguise you if you find a full set.You can hide in the same barrels and chests you loot, providing safe places where you can save your game. This is a dynamic I really enjoy.There's something special about Ghost of a Tale that really struck the right notes for me. I found myself getting immersed in my character and the world that slowly revealed itself around him. I was a small mouse, thrown in a jail that was guarded by patrolling rats that were twice the size of me. This helped cement the fact that I wouldn't be defending myself anytime soon. I was a tiny mouse, so the best thing I had was to hide and run away.As I journeyed through the sewers and halls of the jail I slowly uncovered little factoids and lore about this fantasy world. A world of a rat based kingdom who were at war with the ferrets, a world with sea fairing frogs and all these words and items that don't exist in our world. All of this world building helps my personal experience significantly!However, like all early access games, Ghost of a Tale is not without its share of glitches. Mostly gameplay related, these glitches would usually prevent me from enjoying the game to its fullest potential.My character would frequently become frozen in place, usually after reloading a save and exiting a hiding spot. This glitch could only be fixed by closing the game completely and reloading and this only pulled me out of the experience.Sometimes the effects of clothing remain even when the item is removed. This usually happened after quickly dipping into my inventory screen, removing a hat, and quickly closing it. I often remained slowed because of the heavy armor I wasn't wearing anymore or had my screen darkened by a mask I was no longer wearing. This was easily fixed by a quick unequip/reequip, but its worth mentioning.Map markers had a habit of remaining on the screen even if I got the item it was directing me to. This worried me because now I was dead set and searching every nook and cranny, even inch of the area to make absolutely sure that I got the item it was point to. Compared to the map markers that disappeared like they were suppose to, the ones that remained happened about 35% of the time.Talking to NPCs continued to be a worrisome task for me. Sometimes the game would glitch out when I talked to other characters. I even had a character's dialogue screen remain on the screen, forcing me to quit the game. Anytime I selected an option in the dialogue tree that require me to scroll down a bit in the options, the game would remember the scrolling down and transmit that data to the next dialogue prompt, resulting in a worrisome blank screen with no options until I scrolled up. For most of it, it ran smooth enough and worked, but its very rough around the edges and could use a good working on.I finished the game in about five hours and I feel like I moved rather quickly through it. I was thirsty for a new area, I wanted to get out of this jail as soon as possible. I wanted to save my wife! I want to see more content and hope there's much much more to come!What worries me is that this game might become neglected like many early access games before it. I worry that the company will lose interest, take what money they earned and move on, leaving the game by the wayside. But I really REALLY don't want that to happen!If you enjoy sneaking around in a world of anthropomorphic animals with a medieval theme, I would definitely recommend this game!"
76561198068281981,Recommended,417290,25908233,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Nyx,"Let me start this review by declaiming the simple notion that ; I LOVE ""Ghost of a Tale""!I have been following this project for the last 2-3 years, and I instantly fell in love with it's premise.At once i could see all of it's inspirations...well, at least a lot of them.I thought ""now these people are in love with the same things as me"" I would love to support this project as much as i can.Can i give them my lungs? do i even need those...anyway. I LOVE the REDWALL series and Disney's Robin Hood and fables and parables involving animals like mice and squirrel's and such, and i have dreamed of this kind of game for the longest time...and here it is. I started the early access today. why so late? because i have always been a little on the fence in regards to playing early access games on steam...but i made an exception for this game, because they need my money!!!I wish i could pay them more. maby i can.. i need to investigate this.Anyway. I am in complete and utter love with this game so far.I love the atmosphere, the music, the setting, the world (or at least what i have seen so far)i can't wait to get outside...really feel like reading redwall again. oh my god...you guys! keep up the good work! I am allready so happy that this even exists in it's current state.:D"
,Recommended,417290,35106583,Posted: 21 September,all,hodagacz-humbug,"I love stealth games and recently there has been a huge resurgance in them. This easily has the most adorable protagonist of all (Sorry Emily Kaldwin and Styx). The stealth is great, the puzzles are interesting and the art is beautiful. I can not wait to see the final release."
,Recommended,417290,24554730,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Pocky,really beautiful.LIltte mouse has no sign to play .BUG too muchandi really can see my eyes from my head ? WTF?emmmi think i can wait the final version .
76561198044858839,Recommended,417290,34353470,Posted: 19 August,all,MentalDraco,"Very nice looking game. Interesting stuff, quests. Still a few rough edges but I had only 1 or 2 hiccups and nothing that was stopped me or could not be fixed with a save and a load.The only thing I would say is that it is a bit short, it's not bad but it needs more places and quests, but updates seem to roll out all the time adding new stuff so I will be revisiting this game in the near future and play it from the top again. :DI would definitely recommend it."
,Recommended,417290,24686334,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Lochcelious,"This is as close to Redwall: The Game as we're getting for the moment folks. Jokes aside, the atmosphere draws you in immediately and effortlessly. What Thief should have been."
,Recommended,417290,28642214,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Spleeno,"Remember how every friggin Sidequest in Witcher 3 had a unique storyline?Which made them more entertaining compared to the really kinda meh main quest (talking about non-dlc, Hearts of Stone was brilliant).Ghost of a Tale is basically a small, lovingly crafted enviroment for a bunch of really neat sidequests.Much smaller scope ofc, non-violent playstyle only atm, but still really catchy imho."
76561198088556878,Recommended,417290,24834487,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,SATT3R,very awesome game cant wait until is finish.
,Recommended,417290,24721415,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,DNXyken,"This game absolutely needs to be given more praise and attention than it is given right now, and deffinitely deserves your money.The setting, Old yet fresh. The characters, bleak yet animated. the mouse, realistic yet FLUFFING CUTE! *SQWEEAAAL*This game, or what is shown of it in it's early access form, is like the books of Redwall or Tale of Despereaux come to life in a stealth, action adventure RPG. Really it's a beautiful work of wit, writing, and imagination, which is serious in tone, but simple, light-hearted, and enjoyable in execution. It is a game with a heart, which is rare in today's world. It's a game that you could find yourself coming back to looking for the small things that you may have missed and the stories that have yet to be told. The land of rats, mice, frogs, and spiders tells a medievil tale of a mouse attempting to reunite with a lost loved one, and it tells it in a thought out world where everything has a past and a reason for existing.The gameplay is simplistic, but varied, and hopefully with the introduction of combat and greater amounts of items and functions, something that could make a mark on how games should be made. Stealth is tough, but never impossible, but also never too easy, puzzles are not always explained, clues are not always obvious, and the density of a dialog between two rodents is never too dull. When you must find a key, you never have to look to far, but you may just as well miss it completely. The rats feel imposing and vigilant with their size and strength, but are never above being tricked, or eluded.  Fetch quests are never too dull with ""go here, get that,"" but are instead hunts and puzzles, and expect wit. Sometimes you may talk yourself into getting an item from another character, and sometimes you may talk yourself out of getting one. Even tedious backtracking is still found to be exciting, allowing you to go to those unknown places that are teased before you that then eventually open to contain more world and treasure.My criticisms that should be addressed though are few but key if I do say so myself. Since it is in early access and isn't completely finished, I would like to share some of these and see if anyone else could agree with it, and take the opportunity to get them changed. First, jumping, and platforming, should deffinitely recieve some more testing, as you are just as likely to land or grab onto a ledge as you are to fall or not grab it, and this should definitely be tightend up or at least made more forgiving. Also, a minor irritance to relate, maybe make the roofs and other surfaces less bumpy or prone to being slid on, in order to give a greater sense of control and dexterity. The second to address, is speed. While nobody would expect a small mouse in a full suit of platemail armor to be speedy, climbing ladders, and ledges could use some speeding up, or an optional sprinting version of these two activites, that otherwise seem slightly teadious when running around the levels which are deep in detail and vertical in design.Overall, as it is in it's current state, I would definitely say that it is worth the price of admision, and the game is excellent for its depth, detail, character, charm, gameplay, and RPG, stealth, and action elements, but certainly isn't a very good platformer or the next Mirror's Edge or Dying Light. Regardless, if you are a fan of Fable, Dark Souls, The Elder Scrolls, Thief or non-RPG games like Banjo-Kazooie, Jak and Daxter, or Assassin's Creed, I'm sure you could find something you'll love, in this big ambitious world compressed into a small package that isGhost of a Tale"
,Recommended,417290,25488962,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Martin the Warrior,"This is by far the best single-player game I have ever played. I have never been so immersed in any game since I was a child and easily impressed. Some pros and cons seem appropreate.Pros:-Immersive-Animations are the best I've ever seen-Furry <3-Great stealth mechanics-Good puzzles, but there's a con to them as well-Great graphics-Amazing lore, along with their style of delivering the loreCons:-Puzzles are sometimes really difficult to figure out. I've had to look up something twice so far. I'm a stoopers-A small bit of lag spikes on my potato-powered toaster, but that's just me-I'm having a bit of a hard time finding cons"
,Recommended,417290,24663263,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,SATANS-SLAUGHTERHOUSE,"Hey great game! I love this idea :D, only problem is the textures for walls/ceiling/floors are invisible when I launch the game, only noticable bugs for now, keep up the great work though!~Reminds me of the book Tale of Desperaux I read as a kid! <3"
76561198025047124,Recommended,417290,34577568,Posted: 29 August,all,Flashbotnic,"Has cute mice, ugly rats and a pirate frog. And this isn't even its final form. 10/10!!!!"
76561197980724920,Recommended,417290,24694347,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,A Man,"Excellent game. It has a great and wonderful animated world. This version is still an alpha but it runs pretty well. Not a single ctd. The graphics are beautiful and the whole storytelling is great. Of courese there are some bugs but ive got after 6 hourse nothing gamebreaking or something like that. I played the game with 40 fps with a Geforce 660ti OC, 16 GB ram and i7 3770k. It runs pretty good."
76561198057897934,Recommended,417290,24664430,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,i_Shall_Marry_Princess_Zelda,"Just finished the Early Access! I'd pay an easy $30-50 for a complete and finished product! If what I played was only 25-30% of what there will be, then I'm super pumped! I would/will love it if/when the world opens up and I can explore beyond the Keep. The world is so beautiful, there's so much that can be done with this story. Keep it up guys, I neeeeed more."
76561198094652876,Recommended,417290,29634956,Posted: 1 February,all,Epic,"A very good game!+graphics are amazing.+the gameplay is very good, because it's challenging -> you have to use your brains to solve the puzzles and quests,+the characters have their own personalities, even tough there is not voice acting.But only minus is-> sneaking is pretty easy and getting away from guards is way too easy. When they lose you, they should be looking to the barrels and so on and be more reasonable when tyring to find you. The rats should have a good scent and immediately smell where tilo is hiding. You should have some kinds of smells to confuse them when you are about to go hiding, throwing cheese to the floor etc. And when the rats see you, they could inform the others.I think that would make the game even more of a stealth game :)But really looking foward to play the full game :D"
76561198015156355,Recommended,417290,24559054,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Wonderboy in Monsterland,"So happy to say 'This game is even better than expected'After watching this game since I spotted it on Indiegogo a while ago and supported it ..Word got around and I was so pleased when reached it funding goals...And Now that its early access!!..I cant believe how good this little gem is!!...IMHO It plays better than many AAA+ Stealth Genre Games on the market today..Surpassed all my expectations..It has only a few tiny bugs that Ive noticed and these in no way affect the overall gameplay..I've only had to load a save game once so far..when I encountered a game breaking bug but this is to be expected in Early access and was by no means a hassle...The level Design is perfect for the Tone and mood of the Game...Tight labyrythian pathways which open out into larger explarable areas..all seamlessly transitioned...Night and day cycle adds to the atmosphere and having to use a lantern in areas is a great touch ...unlike so many games that try to get it right and fail..this game just seems to work ..The enemy ai is simple but it suits the game design..and makes Stealth fun and engaging...loads of secret areas and loot I was totally surprised at how immersive this game is..it really pulls you in...Otherwise a very solid effort..The Sole Developer ""Seith"" should be commended for such a brilliant and no doubt herculean task...The Character Design and enemies are perfectly designed and really suit the atmosphere and tone...Enemies are fairly predictable so most encounters involve a glorious puzzle like minigame of timing, hiding, sneaking, or running away if your plan all goes to hell. In most cases even if you are spotted by guards you can usually escape backtracking or evading long enough to try again when the guards lose sight of you...The menu design and inventory is simple..uncluttered and works perfectly ..although I did encounter an occasional gliche on the map gui..I'm certain this and other minor bugs can be easily patched out..having only played a few hours so far and suddenly becoming aware of how much this game has to offer so far..I am really looking forward to finding every secret and completing every objective...The main character is quite cute and his animations are smooth..fluid and rarely glichy...Controls are intuitive (I've only used Keyboard and mouse so far but they respond perfectly but I did need to invert the mouse vertical axis  ...a personal preference)The Character moves about the world with style and grace for the most part and transitioning from a full run to hiding in a chest or under a table is a simple straighforward action for the most part ...Music and sound effects are atmospheric and emotional...The music that plays if you are spotted isnt annoying by any means and heightens the tension ...You can usually hear guards on patrol quite easily which helps with sneaking about...Overall gameplay is engaging,,,even if you are slightly bored by modern Stealth games...This one has a uniqueness all of its own and a testament to quality Indie Developement ...Huge thumbs up...if you like stealth games...I am sure you will find something really special and magical about this game....well done all round excellent title that I'm sure will become a classic as time goes by....Top effort and its basically made entirely by one guy!!!Easily scores 9/10"
,Recommended,417290,24698326,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Cyber☣Mancer,"Waited for this game for two years, please dont make me wait another year to know what happens to Tilo :c"
76561198052449251,Recommended,417290,30017838,Posted: 18 February,all,ichimanju,"Has a great deeal of promise, I am looking forward to the finished product. For me, the idea of a stealth game that's not dark and grim is a plus. The pros are great controls, artistically beautiful setting and the charm other reviews have noted.For what it's worth, my feeling after about 3 hours is that the jail sequence went a bit long. It took me about an hour and half to clear it, having gotten lost in the sewer system and not getting outdoors until I happened across a door lever that I had missed several times while passing through. Hopefully in future releasess the lighting could be improved. Sometimes I got lost not seeing things and I find I had to squint, the game can be very murky in places.I look forward to seeing how this develops and can see its potential. Ideally the story will take place in the gorgeous wooded scenes the designer has shown in his blog. The jail/keep area is interesting, but at about the 3 hour mark I felt a bit of fatigue begin to creep in and longed for newer scenery.Thank you for letting us play this gem in the making."
76561198028626960,Recommended,417290,30258949,Posted: 1 March,all,moopaul,"What a great game,cannot wait for the next one.A couple of bugs but that did'nt spoil the game me.Plenty of things to do and collect."
,Recommended,417290,24580058,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Samination,"This game is like playing a pixar movie. I've honestly never seen anything quite like it. The game is early access and has a lot of bugs.... A LOT OF BUGS, but I'm still enjoying myself and slowly crawling through it. This is a must buy especially when they are finished."
,Recommended,417290,24529752,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,zingrook,"Ghost of a Tale is an absolutely stunning piece of art; the aesthetic is breathtaking, the gameplay is tight and intuitive, and the storytelling is magical. Set in a fairy tale world viewed from the perspective of a diminutive hero - Tilo the Minstrel, who scurries adorably about fleeing red-eyed, towering rats while searching for his missing wife, Merra - Ghost of a Tale is masterpiece in the making, and is more than worth the price of admission to get an early seat on the magical ride upon which it will take you."
,Recommended,417290,24553636,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Jaqqour,"Fun exploration game, with light RPG elements (costume parts affect your stats eg. Stamina Regen)Pretty graphics, original concept, and very much what i expected having followed this since missing its kickstarter (or whatever it was) Im only 1.6 hours in but already i feel much more drawn to play this game than many others within my libary."
,Recommended,417290,24554149,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Rinoken,"This game is the son of Redwall, Dark Souls and Oblivion all at the same time. Beautiful, enchanting, wonderfuly animated, interesting, charming, Ghost of a Tale seems really promising, even in its actual state of early access. I am really looking forward to play the complete game and I cannot tell you enough how a wonderful surprise it was to discover that the game was that pleasant to play !"
,Recommended,417290,26898022,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Vae Victis,"A really nice and enjoyable game. Great art and style. Give it a try, you won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,417290,33364169,Posted: 7 July,all,Andre Solo,"Oh Lord... The level of cuteness, stealthyness, awesomeness, game designinness in this piece of work here IS, TOO, DAMN, -- wait for it ... wait for it a little longer, it's an epic pause we have here -- HIGH!!!!! So far 10/10"
,Recommended,417290,29217763,Posted: 12 January,all,brittnee,"This cute game is a furry's wet dream come true.- gud graphics- interesting story line- not pricey- originalIt's fun, okay(You basically sneak around and dodge bad guiez and find things if that's what floats your boat.)"
,Recommended,417290,32489421,Posted: 16 June,all,Vamp-A-Cow,"Totally amazing game.  Has a TON of character, great graphics and atmosphere, and it's challenging to boot.  Kinda like Dark Souls, but with mice and cheese.  ;)Very impressed w/ the job the developers have done on this game, and it’s a blast to play not even complete yet.  Highly recommended."
76561198058607744,Recommended,417290,29994880,Posted: 17 February,all,SCHMEBULOCK,"Wonderful. I really enjoyed this, and I can't wait for the rest of it to come! I only wish there were more female characters, so far I've only encountered one. But other than that, this game is wonderful and it looks stunning."
76561197982589046,Recommended,417290,25644064,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,setix,"This is an amazing ""demo"" for an early access title. While this is not the full game, it provided me with over 6 hours of gameplay to explore the castle and prison areas, getting a taste of what was to come. The gameplay is top-notch, stealth is up there with games like MGS and Splinter Cell, and the graphics are amazing and fluid.I highly reccommend this to anyone who loves exploring/stealth/zedla-esque games. It is one of the more original ideas I have seen, and definately better than some AAA titles."
76561198012390569,Recommended,417290,26477902,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Willow Woods,"The reviews are generally overwhelmingly positive and its easy to see why when you play this game. So far I'm several hours into game play and its not your general stealth game. Since you're no assassin, you have to think up some inventive ways to get about.Plenty of quests to keep you entertained and a humble hero. Even when things get frustrating, its hard not to have fun.For still being in ""Development"" stages, it probably has less bugs than most full releases."
,Recommended,417290,24538888,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Damuel,"So, I haven't really followed this game since the kickstarter which gave me a very different impression of what the game was meant to be. It looked more to be Dark Souls with mice back at the time. I suppose I'm a little happy they changed direction since we've been flooded with souls-esque games as of late. Still, it is a bit disappointing since the game showed so much promise.Regardless, the game we have now is very good. A stealth adventure game VERY reminiscent of the PS2 era (gameplay wise) which some brilliant art design and fantastic dialogue. The game isn't nearly complete yet and it just oozes with an interesting world and story.  I love the little personal touches with the species and stereotypes/racism. Lots of personality.Obviously the game is still early on in its development, but what we have right now is very promising and a fairly enjoyable experience. It's perhaps a little repetitive gameplay wise, not sure how to fix that when the direction of the game is avoiding combat now, but it's still very early on.My biggest complaint is that the game's performance is somewhat poor. I'm hoping it'll be touched up a bit more towards release, as right now the framerate dips are killing my enjoyment a bit. It's still a very cool indie adventure game and worth a look, I wouldn't reccomend any medium/low end rigs try to run the game in its current state however."
76561198126453130,Recommended,417290,24660843,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Peachy,This is a mice game
76561198059702899,Recommended,417290,24596430,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Brightstone,"Very cute and twee game. Reminds me of PS2-era games like Spyro crossed with Metal Gear stealth. Weird combination, sure, but it works.8/10 so far given the odd bug, but it IS still in Early Access so that's forgivable."
76561197970405129,Recommended,417290,24802982,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Darkone666,"Great game, looks really nice and enjoyed all the puzzels etc."
76561198127425072,Recommended,417290,24705365,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Wibiz9000,Who thought being a little mouse would be so hard? I like it!
76561198162410567,Not Recommended,417290,24664992,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Awkward winkyface,"*You could neglect this review if you're in for an adventure game, rather than looking for a challenge of any sort. To me personally games aren't enjoyable if I don't need to think before advancing.*This game is very, very hard to judge and regardless of my ultimate opinion I like most of what it offers. It's made by a really small team and it honestly is very impressive for what it is thus far. The game looks pretty decent/good, has superior animations, runs better than mediocre and plays well(despite essentially forcing a controller on you as it's clumsy without).The setting is absolutely fantastic, the characters likeable. The concept superb. The game has a very ""cozy"" feeling to it as the environment is kind of cramped - with positive connotation. The writing, as far as I've seen thus far, is well done.Now the reasons I do not recommend this game: I completed all there's to it in a little over 2 hours(steam went down for maintenance neglecting roughly a hour of playtime) and the developers stated that this would approximately be one fourth of the final product. I would be sorely disappointed if so, for it just isn't much. It's really very little(unironically, seeing you play as a rodent, for that matter) and the roadmap, judging by the previous statement, isn't impressive either. That leaves us at my biggest concern:The stealth aspect is very poor. It's very, very superficial and very, very uninteresting. About EVERYTHING BUT the stealth is compelling, which is sour as it's the main selling point of the game. The AI is mind bogglingly stupid and can be cheesed(pun intended) simply by running. All guards are significantly slower than you are, and due to their slow and clumsy attack animations are incredibly easy to avoid. You can essentially rush past almost every single guard in the game(with the exception of a few in the very beginning) which results in them grouping up and proneblocking their way to a doorway where they'll all get stuck by humping into one another. It's a pathetic sight, and perhaps even more sad that it's easily the most efficient way to win the game. Furthermore guard are stupidly unaware and their ""alarmed"" mode is no more than walking to the place you created noise. Without looking around, just plain looking at the source of the noise. This means if you stand DIRECTLY next to them they won't see you. Guard don't react to ANYTHING in the environment other than noise; leaving doors open, or hauling stuff they're all apathic towards.Lastly the sound design is generally poor, the music is decent but alot of actions lack ""sound"" still. That's understandable seeing it's still in development though.Overall it's good, but the main selling point is very poorly executed. So it really boils down to what you're looking for: story and ""adventuring""? This game might be for you. Any form of challenge or use of wits? Best to stay away."
76561198086501572,Recommended,417290,24945357,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Wigger,Refunded No man's sky for this.10/10 would refund again.
76561198016638391,Recommended,417290,24563809,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,LittleCookie(aka WIZZ),It is TOTALLY unplayable with a mouse. I know it said better with a controller but it didn't say unplayable with a mouse. It is sooooo sensitive and there are no settings in game to change it. :(  I so wanted to play this cute game. Have to get a refund now because I can't use  a controller.  ;(   (unless someone has a great suggestion as to how I can fix this)
,Recommended,417290,24537669,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,kyler,"I know the ""I only played this for one hour and..."" reviews are getting kinda frequent, so instead I'll say:I only played this for one hour and thirty minutes and it's already a beautiful game. The graphics are brilliant, the story is intriguing, and so far the gameplay is thrilling.And you're playing as a cute little mouse adventurer so 10/10 already you should've bought the game by now, what the hell are you doing?"
,Recommended,417290,24527474,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,SilencioGGA,"Visuals are absolutely stunnings.Can´t believe the amount of polish, considering it is still in early access.Level design is impressive. Very smart design choices.I really dig the Nihm, Dark Crystal vibe.You can really tell this game has been made with a lot of passion and heart.One of the most impressive Early Access.Some bugs (sewers), so be careful with your saves."
,Recommended,417290,24551643,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,TiRoSu,"A neat, good looking action adventure with great promise. The game is clearly not done yet, but a decent chunk of the game is quite playable, as well as very fun and satisfying.The stealth portion comes off a little half-baked, as the guard AI is very easy to trick/cheese, and there is no real punishment for constantly alerting them (yet).Took me about 4.5-5 hours to complete the main questline in this EA version, while completing almost all of the sidequests, which I may be unable to actually complete due to bugs."
76561198042989683,Recommended,417290,24556390,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,MrBoydjangles,"I'd been interested in this game for the past couple of years after a few videos I saw. So far it seems like an extremely well made game. It has great art style with amazing fidelity to the environments. For me that really helps sell the lore of the world, which I find to be both charming and intriguing. If you like the look of it, you'll most likely enjoy it, I know I am!!Well done to the developers, I think the love you have for this game comes through and relly gives it the character that so many games lack."
76561198121272614,Recommended,417290,24550846,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,brian_n_luisi,"A small group of people with real passion have made something very special with ""Ghost of a tail"" showing that 100mil budgets and dumb downed gameplay for the casuals is not the way gaming should be going.The game at 4k/60 looks amazing (I hear ""ohh, it looks like a disney or pixar movie"" thrown out by devs and ps4/xbox1 suits all the time, but this, this game nails it""Beautifully realized world that has alot of fun with scale, your a mouse in a world run by larger rats, I.E. findings keys on a wall needs a wooden stool to stand on and reach, climbing on a desk to find iteams, smart logical game design with shortcuts and cool outfits.NPC are fun to talk with and i loved their quest (like darksouls in the fact that you and your brain, not the devs and on screen qwest markers have to solve each quest, yet the blacksmith can help if you get stuck)There are a few bugs, but nothing crazy, just 1 or 2 secounds of immersion breaking every few hours.DRM free on GOG option is also a +"
,Recommended,417290,25402601,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,magriyou RAGEQUITER,"Buy it you will not reg""rat"""
,Recommended,417290,28953362,Posted: 2 January,all,Appleifail33,Super awesome! only reason i have not played more is because i dont want to spoil myself :p Just wanted to support these amazing devs.
76561198026374126,Recommended,417290,24560237,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Jonsinator,"Game of the year 2016.You can play, as a MOUSE."
,Recommended,417290,24545393,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Bobisz,"Just as I stumbled upon this game here on steam I remembered the alpha video I saw back then in 2013 and how instantly charmed was I by it.Now, having played only a mere hour and I'm absolutely amazed how heartfelt, original and atmospheric it is.You fall in love with the hero in the second you lay eyes upon him. The characters and enviroments are stunning and all are like out of a tale.Ghost of a Tale is like a breath of fresh air in this day and age when games with SOUL are almost but extinct.I can't wait for this piece of art to be released in it's full glory.PS: I only wish it could be played in 3D vision... now that would be a sight to behold"
76561198020153017,Recommended,417290,24548134,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,TK Boi™,"This is an amazing looking and heart felt game.  Tilo is searching for his wife Merra. There is some great and amusing dialog with the other characters. With a focus on stealth, RPG, character customization with clothing, and a great deal of detail put into story telling and exploration, I feel like this will end up being a great game for anyone that enjoys adventure, stealth, or RPG games.10/10 Can't wait to see the end result of hard work for this Indie Developer!"
76561197970822143,Recommended,417290,24550007,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Highmax,"i've only played about 30 minutes so far, and frankly i already love most of it. the characters, the setting, the graphics, the sounds and music. but i just had to put this up right now, i am HATING the mouse controls. dunno what it is but it just seems so flighty, or just weird. maybe it might be better with a controller or something, but there is something about using the mouse that makes playing this game so damn hard!"
76561198076276605,Recommended,417290,24598463,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Jackin' JoJo,"Is this game really early access?this game is amazing, and its only 17.99 you know how much people spend on tripple A games and end up getting bored half an hour in. It looks and feels like a comic called mouse guard and its freakin epic so buy it.[Long Review]I adore this game it reminds me a lot of games from the ps2 era (which is when gaming was at its peak imo) and for some reason its so enchanting i've never had this sense of wonder about a world since I was a kid. NOT TO MENTION YOU PLAY AS A MOUSE which is not only adorable but Bad-A, theres so much to collect in this game which makes it feel like a game from the ps2 era even more, I cant wait to play more of this game. As far as graphics go it looks like a comic called mouse gaurd which is amazing if you've never read it, and the entire time I was playing the game i kept going..... is this really an early access game? As far as stealth goes its pretty forgiving which is fine by me because that means I get to get imersed in the world. There is so much exploration its astounding and you know what else this game is in Early Access which means they aren't even finished making it, when they could release it now and call it a master piece. So yeah 10/10"
,Recommended,417290,24558816,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Schmug,beautiful
,Recommended,417290,24718552,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Marie-Fleer Le'fleur,"Visually stunning, entertaining story...This is the least buggy, early access game I have ever tried.  Everything is so beautiful and detailed that it will keep you coming back over and over again.  This is the first adventure for the endearing mouse who has obviously been wrongly imprisoned in a post apocolyptic world where the rats rule the day in a medieval styled world tht Disney would be proud of as he attempts to find out and plans to rescue those he loves.  The hero is not over powered. as a matter of fact he relies more on stealth and timing.  The main character, as well as the setting, is charming.  Once I finished the first part of the story,(the part that is offered for the early release) I was left wanting more and  more. Envisioning a loyal following of the adventures of this heroic mouse for years to come.  Many thanks to the creators..however...""When does the rest come out?!?!?!?!"""
76561198091109733,Recommended,417290,24578234,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Klim,"I bought this game yesterday. I played the game for 3 hours straight and couldn't figure a lot of the things out. I don't know if it was because im an idiot, or the things are well placed. But, nonetheless, I enjoyed the game. Because it was early access, there were bugs, like the ♥♥♥♥ing lanturn. And to keep this short... Good Graphics, Average story (so far.. has potential), minor bugs, and ♥♥♥♥ing Rolo.. What a cheapskate."
,Recommended,417290,24675770,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,RadiCarl,"Been playing it for about 30 minutes and I'm reeeeally liking it so far!So incredible that this game is being made by only 5 people, that's just insane!!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=liUsK_w0RR4Stay Rad Everybody!/RadiCarl"
,Recommended,417290,24762940,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Flame,"I don't write reviews too often, but I wanted to for this one. I knew it was early access when I got it, but I read about the game and about the developer and really wanted to support it. I'm glad I did. I look forward to the full release!"
76561198025032082,Recommended,417290,27517919,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ChrisSparta,"I can not believe that a game so cute and pleasant is hidden from the world, beautiful graphics, catching story. Perhaps the only problem is that it is still in development."
76561197975817124,Recommended,417290,33260004,Posted: 4 July,all,Marvelous Ducky Turret,Great magical game :)
76561198069229085,Recommended,417290,24955733,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,kev.f,pretty good
,Recommended,417290,24720948,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,adbevers,"Excellent!  I couldn't be happier to support the development of this title--which until last week I hadn't ever heard of!As others have stated, I can only hope that the positive word continues to spread, and this game gets the recognition it deserves."
,Recommended,417290,24798627,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Amira,"When i started to play this game i had some issues with controls, but it's so easy to fix - changing gamepad controller to other does the trick.Gameplay is interesting it's like stealth-nonaction with third person -  because you are a  little mouse, who can only hide and trick his enemy. You need to search that castle and find way out :)"
76561198166012014,Recommended,417290,34367664,Posted: 20 August,all,ToeNail,:D
76561198259807419,Recommended,417290,24785631,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,kneebonekasey,I cant wait to see what comes next!!
,Recommended,417290,25089164,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Reverend Jesus,"In the sprit of Mrs Jonathan Frisby and Martin the Warrior, embark on a quest that looks to become an instant classic. With well-executed stealth gameplay, terrifying villans, and an adorably rendered protagonist, this was a hell of a lot more than I expected from a $20 early access game. I can't recommend this one enough.Note that I recieved no compensation for this review, but I'm open to the concept."
,Recommended,417290,24587337,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,N33dl3ss,Love how the game looks and feels. Very great game so far!
,Recommended,417290,25683899,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Liat,"Good game. Needs fixing with several bugs, but other than that, it's really cool. Haven't finished yet, but I really want to know what happened to Tilo's family."
,Recommended,417290,26534477,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,OhHaiMyGodDamnMaiz,Cant wait for more!
,Recommended,417290,26779955,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,decc,Tilo is cute! CUTE!
76561198049819329,Recommended,417290,24578678,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,echo1,Ghost of a tale has been on my radar for well over a year now. I followed the developers blog posts and was constantly in awe at the detail he was putting in into the game's environemnt and Tilo the mouse. Ghost of a Tale is everything that we were promised and more. It is an extraordinary game from the very outset of Tilo's quest. I highly reccomend this jewel on Steam.
76561198050387815,Recommended,417290,27917538,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Destroy The Sun,"One of the best indie games I have played. Still in early development, but so fat, it looks amazing!"
,Recommended,417290,24665387,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Shotgun_Thief,"enjoying it so far, will probably update later"
,Recommended,417290,24727782,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Eremita Silvano,"Reminds me so much of my childhood and Don Bluth's movies, like Mrs. Frisby and the Rats of NimhThe gameplay is smooth, and the atmosphere is perfectly dark.Still you can tell its an early access, but an excellent one!Be safe Mouse!"
76561198212287556,Recommended,417290,25733523,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,lflory48,can't wait for the rest of the game. it's really cool
,Recommended,417290,24535516,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Xevon,"The first thing you should know is that, yes, this is an early access game with only 25% or so of it's content available at present - this makes up 2 - 3  hours of playtime. What you get however is a charming and little game that's fun to play and runs well for an early access title all the while looking very good indeed. There's definitely a few bugs here and there, but the game doesn't look bad or run poorly like the majority of early access titles out there which is a huge positive given it's only just been released. It's worth mentioning that there's no fighting in this game - as a small mouse, your tools in a combat situation are mostly just running and hiding.The game has simple stealth elements based on sound (proximity) and line of sight. Currently the stealth mechanics are perhaps a little basic and could use some embellishment via improving the enemy AI and adding more stealth mechanics, but as is it functions fairly well and is simple enough for just about anybody to get the hang of very quickly.Despite that though, the rest of the game really doesn't hold your hand. You'll be spending a lot of time searching for things - and there's no minimaps, on screen quest trackers or even arrows pointing you to where you need to go - with often very limited assistance from your quest menu and a basic map of the area (once you've found it!) you're mostly on your own. This will appeal to a lot of older generaton gamers, but perhaps new gamers will find it quite frustrating.One area the game shines in so far is the NPCs. There's only 5 NPC's in the game right now, but each of them is well written with distinctive personalities and great dialog.Overall, the game is well worth playing in it's current state, but perhaps not worth the asking price as-is - however, once the game is complete, it will be a bargain for it's price, and if Ghost of a Tale seems like a game that would appeal to you, I implore you to give it a whirl - I expect you won't be disappointed."
76561198172314371,Recommended,417290,24527109,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Electrics,"The game has seen a lot of improvements over the past year The gameplay is quite interesting but at the moment you are mostly just looking for items and peices of clothing. The type of clothing you are wearing directly affects tilos stats and abilities to go undetected.Performance is GREATLY improved and I am now getting 70-120fps on gtx 970 i5 4460. Random little glitches like when a rat grabs you , you dont appear in his arms you just stay on the ground are all but gone.Now im just waiting with baited breath for now."
,Recommended,417290,24542187,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Soulmarine,"Great game demo(early access),Great Visuals, Awesome story, It have that awesome""Secret of Nimh & Redwall""vibe. Game have some minor (visual) bugs, but nothing gamebreaking...One of the best purchases this year! Can't wait for full version!"
,Recommended,417290,30032963,Posted: 19 February,all,filthmancer,This is probably the most polished game I have ever seen.
76561198032211211,Recommended,417290,27209729,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Gtaall,"Mouse dressed as a pirate, nuff said."
76561198062514249,Recommended,417290,31509485,Posted: 2 May,all,chandrelizetkyle,very good game.I enjoyed it loads.Just curious when we can get the full release
76561197987664334,Recommended,417290,24527195,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Eddie Krueger,"Just saw this game in the Store, and fell instantly in love with it. Couldn't play too much, since it's almost midnight and I have to work tomorrow, but I want to leave a mark on the rating of the game, so here's a glimpse at what I saw in one hour spent with the game.In short, the game is cute as f*** without being childish. I'm not too far in, so currently I can't say for sure if it was worth the price, but I recon that it was. So far it looks like a ""Thief light"" game without fighting; the protagonist mouse must sneak his way past enemies to find and rescue his wife, while completing various other quests, and then - judging from the ""intro"", a few words about a world changing event - he saves the world. Or not, that remains to be seen.The graphics are solid; the screenshots tell the truth so if you find them appealing then you won't be disappointed. The characters are well done, the hero is maybe the cutest looking one this side of a children's game, the rat guards are cartoonishly menacing in their steel armor, and the frog pirate prisoner is... well, also cute as an antropomorph frog can be. Since this is also an XBox game there are not too many graphic options, but there are more than your average console port tends to have; you can toggle on/off a few effects and set the draw distance for shadows and lights. The framerate is solid for me on everything set to max, but I play on an R9 290X, so I assume I could provide relevant info about this if I have experienced slowdowns. Well, I haven't, so there's that. One thing to note: I have a 16:10 monitor and the resolution can not be set to 1680x1050, but there is an 1600x900 option, which will leave a thin black border on the top and bottom of the screen which does not refresh, so elements of the Steam overlay for example will ""freeze"" there. I don't mind it too much, but who knows what others will think.Music is only in the main menu so far - a pleasant tune, starting out a bit sad, but getting more adventurous later -, but our mouse is a minstrel so that may change further in the game. As for the sound effects, they seem alright and fitting; the game starts in a prison and I haven't escaped yet, so I wouldn't give a final verdict on this either.The controls are good, perfectly playable so far with mouse and keyboard, with invertable X and Y axis, and the game supports controllers. What a surprise, it's also on XBox. I must note that at some point in the beginning a tutorial pop-up tells you how to un/equip stuff and it shows the buttons on a controller, not the keyboard, but you can do this from the inventory too, so not a big deal. Other controls are configurable from the menu.There are bugs, but it's still in EA, and in one hour I couldn't find anything gamebreaking. Once I was stuck for a few moments in an open doorway while sneaking, but that resolved itself without reloading. The list of things to say in a conversation can not be scrolled with the wheel on the mouse (other windows can be), but there's the slider on the side, so it's not a biggie either. Ah, scrolling. During conversation the footnotes (you'll know it when you see it) can turn up empty, but trying to scroll or click inside them should reveal the text. And just to be a jerk, I have to mention that I saw spelling errors/missing words here and there.Another thing I think worth mentioning. Nowadays it is a custom in games where you have to pick up stuff to make these items glow, or stand out in some other way. Here you only get the item's name pop up when you're close enough and facing the item. I'm an older gamer so I'm used to no hand-holding, but maybe it would bother others. And before I forget: looting chests can be dangerous because I found one with a hornet's nest inside. Interestingly enough the hornets were kind enough to hurt me only when I looked into the chest, but left me alone when I actually hid in it from a rat guard...All in all this seems to be a superb game with a great atmosphere, cute characters, quests to do and stuff to find. What else do you need?"
,Recommended,417290,25045589,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,⎝๖ØƉƉҞὧ₳ⱤÐ๖⎠,You're a mouse with a hood and you can hide in chests!
76561198020085437,Recommended,417290,24523637,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Nokzen,"A Very cute, and visually nice looking RPG adventure game so far :)It controls nice, the graphics looks awesome, it seems well optimized.Seems controller is the way to go with this tho, while you can still play with Mouse and Keyboard i feel Controller is better.Check out gameplay from the start of the game.https://youtu.be/OjPMt-9mM7w"
,Recommended,417290,26419750,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Mudgeon,Dark Souls Prepare to Mice Edition.
,Recommended,417290,24524609,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Posteriori,Tiny Mouse is so sweet :) game is funny and fantastic.  i like it :)
76561198290999601,Recommended,417290,30600661,Posted: 18 March,all,Doctor,Really wish this game had a combat system.
,Recommended,417290,30213618,Posted: 26 February,all,✪AKBAAR 💕🐾,This Game is sooooooooooo GROGOUS TO LOOK AT AND PLAY!! I Love the GRAPHICS! its so great!! runs so Great on my GTX1080 4K !!! ALL MAXED OUT!I made A bunch of screenshots of the game in my library you are welcome to check out my Shots !!http://steamcommunity.com/id/AKBAAR/screenshots/
76561198000561257,Not Recommended,417290,24683556,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Evnatia - The Mute Cynic,"Early Access Watcher Reviews Ghost of a TaleUpdate Version: Build 1.63Disclosure: This game copy was bought by the reviewer.""Welcome to Dwindling Heights Keep, young minstrel. You have been sent here for one reason or another (wish to keep the story somewhat spoiler free), and will find our prison to be most comfortable. While you are here, you will be expected to behave and listen to the commands of the guards patrolling outside your cell. If you refuse, I can assure the guards can see to your swift passage into the afterlife. Should you wish to press forward, you might discover a beautiful adventure that will either see you taking center stage in a quest to find a missing love or merely a forgotten whimper in the wind."" Now with that out of the way, we are here to answer one simple question: is Ghost of a Tale worth the price of admission?The visual aesthetic is gorgeous. Texture detail in the walls and floors really stands out in the form of cracks and moss. Character models for the mice are adorable with great attention to the clothing features. Rats look outright menacing and garner dented armor. Lighting effects are still a work in progress (way to dark at night), but the sunny atmosphere and proper shadow features in the jail reflect the level of care this developer seems to be taking with the overall look. Animation quality is high grade the times it is used, but it still needs refinement for certain actions (such as level operation). Sound plays a big role in the game and something as simple as armor clanking adds special detail to the ambiance. Music is very soothing outside of encounters, which sees the volume ramped up in the form of the horn section. The hit of the anvil, the scurrying of hasty feet and something simple as climbing furniture is satisfying to hear, but there is a lack of sounds for other actions. If anything though, the visual quality is the best attribute for this game.The story is unfinished, but the characters and backstory available offer a humbling experience. The main character, Tilo, must find the help of a couple of rats, a few mice and a rather rude frog. Each character is somewhat fleshed out during dialog, which is cleverly written. Certain key information mentioned in dialog can be further explored in foot notes and helps with the world building. Quests are also present in the game and completing them opens up new quests and also fleshes out the characters more. Outfit pieces are also scattered around the keep that, if worn in front of certain characters, open up more dialog options that further expand on the lore and just look adorable on Tilo. The content available was pleasant to read (especially some optional ballads), but I was able to finish everything in a few hours (includes finding the roses, beetles, quests). It left me wanting more, which is a point in favor of the game's writing, but not for the discussion of cost vs value.There is no combat, period. Every encounter must be dealt with in a stealthy manner. Rats will patrol in a choreographed paths and you will need to get past them using hiding spots and timing. If you are seen, you must sprint your way to a hiding spot (barrel, chests, cupboards) to escape the view of these pesky rodents. If you are hit, you can be knocked out unconscious to and choked by the rat (prompting a quick time event to escape the grip). Bottles can be used to get a rat's attention and make them move to a spot outside of the path. Other enemies exist in the form of insects and need to be out run to avoid damage. It is barebones in terms of strategy and it falls back to a glaring issue I noticed: the AI is lackluster.Rat patrols have been a mixed bag in terms of functionality. I have seen rats get stuck into doorways (the actual doorframe, not stuck in the space) and seen rats get stuck in alert mode outside hiding spots when they should be de initializing. I even had three rats looking at me in a room and managed to still hide in a cupboard. More shockingly enough, I just hopped onto the bed in the room just inside the entrance of the jail and managed to appear hidden. The AI really needs some work if it hopes to present a challenge in an environment that seems to be easily manipulated by running past guards and makes sneaking relatively useless.Controlling the game with a mouse and keyboard was helped with the patch released earlier today, but it is still preferable to play using a controller. The camera is rotated using the motion of the mouse and can become a real nuisance, especially during chase sequences. Frame rate drops do happen in certain areas of the game and the inventory has a chance to become unresponsive. The guard armor set also fails to traverse through certain doorways and stairways, making it rather inconvenient for both movement and losing full health to change out of the set. It is, after all, in development, but it is still good to address what you might expect.If there had to be one word to describe Ghost of a Tale, it would have to be ambitious. The presentation values are very high quality for something in early access and doesn't have as many optimization issues. That being said, the overbearing issue is with the lack of content currently present in the game. I wish I could say otherwise, but the price of the game just isn't worth twos X a half hours of exploration. I will come back in six months to see how the game has evolved and eagerly await to see more of the story.Pros- Gorgeous, gorgeous scenery- Characters and world building are great thus farCons- Controls are finicky on mouse and keyboard, best suited for a controller- AI is pathetic, making stealth pointless- Overall content is relatively short"
76561198125720924,Not Recommended,417290,24812579,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Lust,"Alright look, now im getting kind of frustrated. I have sent a report to the support page quite a few days ago, yet I still have not gotten a response. my game keeps freezing up after the autosave. I have wrote a complaint in the disscussions forum and the dev answered. I have since fixed that problem. I can tell when their email has been online, and it has been but I have received zero responses. The graphics look great and from what little I have played. this game looks fantastic, I was really looking forward to this game."
76561198042462283,Not Recommended,417290,24745356,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Draconian93,"I was enjoying this game, now it is totally screwed other then directional keys on my keyboard absolutely nothing works. only way to exit is to use task manager. mouse function also failed nothing at all. update messed up big time. even tried to start a new game still the same results. Shame I was enjoying this game. Now i feel i wasted some coin on it. Fix it please.. so i can play again."
76561198017286261,Not Recommended,417290,34632971,Posted: 31 August,all,Christian Gamer Jolee,"I love the the concept of game.But there is a lot of frustration as you have to go back and forth.There has been a lot of patches.I think with more patching the game good be great.I will keep trying the game occasionally.But I would not recommend the fame unless on a Christmas sale.To play occasionally to see if it becomes great.Maybe it is me, but my opinion,When game is out of early access maybe great.Still has a lot of work.Video of me playing-https://youtu.be/27-ZqLlnNqw"
,Not Recommended,417290,30027167,Posted: 18 February,all,Aegis J Hyena,"I'm only saying Not Recommended because I get the sense that it is still too ""unpolished"" to be fun 100%... yet. HOWEVER, this has the makings of a -real gem- when it comes out of Early Access and is far more finished up. I've only played about 1/3 through the jail, so I probably shouldn't talk (Stealth games are not my thing at all; I got this for the beauty of the graphics), but still if we're patient, this could be a major jewel when it's all finished.The graphics are -beautiful-, and a story about a cute little mouse looking for his girl is one I'll want to read when this is all polished up and done.Give. It. Time. Get it if it goes on sale now, but it will be worth the price of admission and then some once everything is finished up. I -will- be going back to it once it's finished."
,Not Recommended,417290,24729477,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Duke Raoul,XBox One Controller does not work at all.
76561197995379773,Not Recommended,417290,24632916,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,manicxs,"I don't know there is no ending yet, this bugs me. In this early access point of view I'm not sure they can reach a good stopping point in a timely manner. The game looks great. It is VERY buggy but this is an early access version. There is quest with no rewards, useless information to buy and you move at a snails pace. I see great potential but the game play its self is in need a lot of work."
76561198103510434,Not Recommended,417290,29267896,Posted: 15 January,all,Schierke,Make a deal.chinese!
,Not Recommended,417290,24651155,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,solartitans2015,"THIS GAME IS FAR FROM READY FOR SALE ..THEY NEED A LOAN, NOT OUR MONEYPOSSIBLE GREAT GAME!BUT, NOT COMPLETE ENOUGH.NO. NO VOICE OVERS.NONE.YOU HAVE TO READ.LEAVE OUT THE GORE.ITS CUTE FOR CHILDREN TO WATCH US PLAY.LEAVE THE GORE OUT.VOICE OVERS, SO EASY.BRINGS LIFE TO THE CHARACTERS..IM SURE THE FAT CATS WILL STEAL AND RUN WITH THIS IDEA,GIVE THEM 6 MONTHS TO DO THE SAME THING , BETTER.IM AN A**h*LOE,THE TRUTH HURTS."
76561198140522518,Not Recommended,417290,24626490,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Boy,"HORRIBLEThis Game is Not really my type of game, Not action , no sense of accomplishhment when you beat a rat. And its just to easy, not really a stratgey game."
,Recommended,417290,25551254,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Otto,"This is probably one of the best games I've ever played. The graphics are excellent and atmospheric. The gameplay is well balanced between the likelyhood of being caught and manageing to complete your tasks. The 'puzzles' are well thought out and not too complex (it took me a while to realise how much could be gained from throwing sticks about!) I now know the castle like the back of my hand including all the secret tunnels and ladders etc.Please, please, please get the full version out soon before I forget where I was in the story.Merra is waiting!!"
76561197984112542,Recommended,417290,25509452,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Briosh,"Ghost of a tale is not only an excelent example for the action-adventure-rpg genre, but also a great example of how early access should be!If you are a fan of beautiful, clasic, 3d person stealh story-driven games with rpg elements and don't care about killing everything that moves, then definitely buy this game!Also: The mouse is SOOO CUTE that it woke up the little girl inside me."
76561198053706354,Recommended,417290,25546611,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Snow,"Amazing graphics and story so far. Cannot wait to continue playing! First time playing a game genre like this, and I like it a lot. Tilo looks cute in his different costumes and it is just a lot of fun to walk around in a rat armour way to heavy for such a tiny mouse, but efficient enough that the rats think you are one of them. Dumbasses xD Just give the game a shot. It will not dissapoint :)"
,Recommended,417290,25385719,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Chance,"(note: I play on my fiance's account because his computer can kick my computers♥♥♥♥♥blinfolded)After just a few hours playing this game, I have to say it is beautifully done. The environment and graphics are pleasing on many levels. The movement is smooth, outside of a couple times i got jammed between a wall and a bed or something and my screen could ahve sent me into an epileptic siezure.The characters are fun. I would wish for less ""jail"" map time because the outdoors are such a pretty setting. Some days you want to blow♥♥♥♥♥♥up and stab stuff. Other days you just wanna be a mouse with a sweet costume collection. Extra points for making me audibly react in horror when I burnt the moss in the sewer. Yeah. Thanks for that."
76561197981646483,Recommended,417290,25500346,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,podfingers,"This is a great game despite being an Early Access game (at the time of writing).  The graphics are superb, the gameplay is immersive with a good balance of lore and it has NPC's with plenty of character.  There are also regular fixes and updates that would put most so called A list developers/publishers to shame, the devs certainly appear to be listening to the community. 10/10."
76561198091622333,Recommended,417290,24564826,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,silverpanda89,"Early Access so there are a few game breaking glitches. Overall the design is wonderful, the story is intriguing, and the characters lovable. I look forward to what this game has in store!"
,Recommended,417290,24929577,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Jolu42,"I'll be honest. I first pirated this game to check it out and was so impressed I immediately went for the purchase. This game is absolutely amazing if you like Zelda-style games. The graphics and animation have an attention to detail that you will rarely see. There has been a few updates already and the gameplay and controls have improved even more. The game is very solid in its state that you will forget it's an early access title. Watch some gameplay videos and if you are on the fence, go for it! I ♥♥♥♥in love this game!"
,Recommended,417290,25215611,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,BrodoBaggins,"Ghost of a Tale feels like a true labor of love. Everything about the game oozes charm and polish.  I honestly had to stop playing, because I want to wait for the vision to be fully realized for the ultimate experience and I can already tell this game is going to be one of those special video game experiences you get nostalgic over."
,Recommended,417290,25186333,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Canyonxplorer,"I came across this game completly by chance...not surprising as it has had little publicity.  I decided to take a gamble and I'm glad I did as this really is a hidden gem.  It has thoroughly entertained me.  Congratulations to all who worked on this project.Reasons why you should consider getting this game:It looks beautiful.You like mice.You dislike rats.Amphibians dressed as pirates rock your boat.You like any of the following Redwall, Mouseguard, the Deptford Mice.You enjoy a story that has wit and charm.Give it a shot - you won't be disappointed."
76561197978112506,Recommended,417290,25254395,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Nixie,"A great showcase of whats to come, very well put together. The world feels rich and alive, the visuals are fantastic. If I had to compare it to any other game, I would say its like Zelda without the combat (for now)Highly reccomended!"
76561198145156278,Recommended,417290,25204060,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,BellaBug,"WOW, what a beautiful game.  I love this game.  It is perfect for me.  IT has a cute character, puzzles, obstacles, mazes, and on and on.  I am sad to have completed the early access version and am VERY much looking forward to the full version to come out. Until then, I guess I just start over and play again from the beginning.  I loved it that much!!"
76561197999839135,Recommended,417290,24902545,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,PEET,"Ghost of a Tale is an amazing little indie stealth game with high production values despite mostly being made by one person. It has a great vibe reminiscent of the Redwall book series or the classic film, Secret of Nimh.While the story is not amazing, the game features some great, quirky characters with amazing dialogue. Artistically, the game is beautiful. The lighting and attention to detail in every space is impressive to say the least. This game has a day and night cycle which changes certain gameplay elements such as finding beetles that make noise at night and affecting visibility. The sound effects are fantstic and the limited music is quite good. The overall presentation helps create an incredibly immersive experience.The stealth gameplay is solid with lots of cupboards, baskets, chests and barrels to hide in. While the enemy AI is pretty basic and is easily fooled, they are still quite scary due to you being a mostly defenseless mouse. Finding keys, changing gear, and doing quests are all well executed with strong story driven context.  Its great to see someone doing something new in the stealth space and I am very happy to say this one is worth the price of admission.   GG!"
,Recommended,417290,24797554,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Nave,"I just reached the end of the early-access portion of this game while streaming last night. There are apparently a few quests I didn’t complete yet, so I might go back and do those at some point.This game is not only beautiful to look at, but really immersive. The only music that happens is on menu/dialogue screens (it’s all text dialogue, which I’m actually fine with) and during chase sequences when you need to get away and hide. This means that 90% of the time, you’re listening to ambiance and action noises. Fire crackling, cicadas chirping, guard footsteps, etc. This is actually very good sound design, since you wouldn’t want music all the time when you’re trying to listen for things in the game world.The game also DEMANDS exploration, as there are some things that are really hidden away. Hell, I actually had to look up something at one point (very hard to do on an obscure early-access game) because it involved going into a dangerous area, hopping a wall to a rooftop, and finding a way into the rafters. The game is a stealth-based RPG, which normally isn’t my thing, but I love the world they’ve created, and the characters are really interesting. One character you meet is a big bag of mystery that I really hope is explored more in the final release. There’s one thing about him I’m extremely curious about now.It’s really interesting that this game was put together by just five people, the studio head being a former DreamWorks animator, and it shows. The animations are fluid and feel natural. When Tilo is looking at someone or something he can interact with, he’ll actually look up/down at it, and tilt his head curiously. If you walk into a wall, he’ll turn either right or left instead of just standing with his face buried in a stone. If you need to get onto something, he’ll actually crawl onto it instead of just jumping high enough to get onto it. When you interact with an item, he’ll actually reach out to grab the item.Subtle little details like this just make all the difference in pulling you into the world. The lighting effects for the day/night cycle are just amazing, and affects how well you can see things. Not just the darkness, either. The bright dawn light can obscure your vision at certain angles. The game does have its glitches here and there, but it’s early-access alpha still, so I can forgive them.It won’t be for everyone, and it is pretty demanding on system requirements (my GTX 670 barely makes the minimum specs, and I get frame rate tanks in certain spots, primarily when transitioning between certain areas), but I definitely recommend it to any fans of the genre. If you want to help support them in building the final release and have a strong enough PC (or plan to buy/build one in the near future), consider buying into the Steam early-access. I, for one, am glad I did. It was worth the three-year wait."
76561197970940291,Recommended,417290,24737291,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,O�tho,"Don't get me wrong... this game is (or was) fantastic, was really enjoying it,,, but then... Updates came along and screwed up my xbox one controller so that it no longer functions at all. Some keyboard fuctionality is lost also and can only exit the game through task manager. The game is currently unplayable for me now, but once these things are fixed (hopefully they will be) I'll be giving this one the thumbs up!!!Controller error has been fixed, so thumbs up as promised..."
76561198063456060,Recommended,417290,24822956,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Styx,"This game is just astonishing ,for the graphics of course, the gameplay feels really great as we really see ourselves as little and powerless(which is a great feeling as the game is an ""infiltration"" game ). I only played a few hours but i can already tell that this game is truly one that'll become well-known but i found something that at first wasn't that much of a big deal but after a while you can't stop thinking about it, i don't know if it's planned to be in the game  but i'll say it anyway, VOICES, there is no voice, if it was only for the ""ennemies"" then it wouldn't be that bad but even with the cute character that you instantly like, tilo, he just doesn't speak( like litteraly), you have text to read, i think that a character like him need a voice so that you can really get close to him( and the character we speek to as well). I hope the dev will read my comments and i want to say it again, but you're doing an amazing job ,continue like this ^^.FOR ANYONE WHO DOESN'T KNOW IF THIS GAME IS WORTH PLAYING, JUST GO AND BUY IT, YOU WON'T REGRET IT."
76561198098312983,Recommended,417290,24922263,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Aaron P. Campbell,"This has to be one of the best early access games on steam at the moment i've played through all of what is their now and can say im more then excited for more of the game to be released. Everything about this game is great, the only thing i could complain about it that their are a few bugs here and their, but to my suprise none of them were game breaking just a bit of inconvenience. seriously if you are thinking about buying this DO you will not regret it, the only thing that can happen is the game can get even better! with more content and story. This game has the potential to be one of the best games to ever come out of early access and im glad I bought it.."
76561198158197891,Recommended,417290,24901513,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Strahbir,"Summary - at 4hrs in I am already satisfied that the available content will be worth the investment price.  And that content is only 1/3 of what the full game will be.  This is an Early Access game you should seriously consider getting.My full thoughts thus far:Wow.Just wow.So far this appears to be a no-combat stealth game and this is a really great thing.  I am really enjoying some of the mechanics built into the game to make sneaking feel more realistic and challenging, given that you are a mouse. I wont share details because I think this game is something each player should experience for themselves firsthand. But those mechanics make this a rewarding experience.And then there is the feel of the game.  Between the sounds, visual style, characters and their animations, the tips that tell you more about the world, and so much more, I am already feeling immersed in this game.  The setting is just so....exactly what you would expect if you were a harmless mouse surrounded by big freaky rats who can kill you with one blow.  And there have been so many moments in my short playtime where I have thought as I was playing ""I can do that!?  Of course I can do that, I'm a mouse.  Thats so cool!""Complaints about graphical bugs aside, I do hope they change the way NPC text types itself out (I would prefer it shows up instantly), and if they added voices to the NPC's it would be even more impressive.  but the chat system is definitely more interesting than the standard ""select a dialogue choice"" and makes each NPC feel distinct."
,Recommended,417290,24943083,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Celestialist,"Since this is still an alpha, I am unsure where to post feedback. Early access review/feedbackBugsWhen you knock out a guard with a bottle and come in contact with them, will cause an alert status that doesn't go away.Unsure if this is the same bug for the Rat Guard at the north gate after triggering the alarm.Often reloading saves will give you an excessive amounts of usuable items (12 sticks and 9 bottles). Saving and reloading will also refill them.The slanted roof above Rolo will somes cause a weird slide state for Tilo when you land on it. Unsure if bug but I can stand on there fine at other times.Credits immediately freeze the game into a state where you have to manually end the process. Game also doesn't like being alt tabbed from full screen, but will have major performance issues when in windowed mode. Also seems to have fps stutter when locked to 30fps.Game critique:Gorgeous stealth orientated adventure, full of interesting tidbits to read and interesting writing and characters.Negative: More fetch quests than you can throw a bone at. Will often lead you back previous areas in a roundabout and tedious fashion."
,Recommended,417290,25893571,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Misfit410,"Amazing Game,  one of the few where what we saw before release was no bullshots, even on my lower end GTX 960M on my laptop this game is gorgeous and runs well, very well optimised from my experience.I've been looking forward to it for some time, and it was worth the wait."
,Recommended,417290,26104526,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Stylamundo,"I'm a few episodes into my let's play series of this and I'm absolutely loving it!It looks beautiful, plays well, it's so well written with great characters and clever, funny dialogue (I particularly enjoyed the way certain characters reacted to my choice of a pumpkin for a helmet) and overall it's just a lot of fun to play!I hope this game and its creators get all of the attention and praise they deserve, and I'm looking forward to seeing how the rest of the game pans out!PS: Here's the first episode of my Ghost of a Tale let's play if anyone's interested!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HSRIyKoJkxA&list=PL-z4cCy9VRVOknF3ZtNn_OKeSBX9lwFu7&index=1"
76561197998830902,Recommended,417290,24751760,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,zerntech,fun game recamend trackball mouse
,Recommended,417290,24748630,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,[ML] ZERO (Silicon),"This is the most adorable little sneak puzzle game I have ever played.If you like sneaking around, solving puzzles while looking cute, this game is for you."
76561198040361102,Recommended,417290,24749110,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Cooper,absolutely fantastic game. I throughly enjoyed it throughout hte whole game! I eagrily await for the up and coming installments
,Recommended,417290,24608430,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Foximus,"A gripping tale that's focused on your adventures as the mouse Tilo in a world that is bigger than you in almost every way. The dialogue and scattered documents often have footnotes that help flesh out the world and introduce some much loved flavor text, and the stealth mechanics don't feel overly convoluted or obtuse. There are the occasional moments where you'll pop into your inventory, unaware that you've stopped in line of sight of a rat who comes thumping after you, forcing you to flee on all fours and duck under the table or cupboard in the next room.As I've stated the world really does feel alive and care has been taken to flesh out the lore down to the smallest details. Everything from the last king's cowardly retreat at his last battle, to melting down large coins with his face on them (Cowards) to make the more modern Florin coins, contributes to the game's excellent worldbuilding. Narrative focus rings strongly with this game, and I think it has myself and many others wanting to sneak our way to more mystery and intrigue."
,Recommended,417290,24617393,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,ramyland_maelstrom,"Ghost of a TaleBeautiful-elegant-charming world of mice ......captivating  lore / interconnected maps / day-night cycle / emphasis on stealth ......be sure to support this EA gem title - highly recommended 10/10 !Warning - ""Additional Notes: Although Ghost of a Tale is fully playable with mouse and keyboard, we'd strongly recommend playing with a gamepad for the best experience."""
,Recommended,417290,24619693,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Matt188cs,"Love this game, played though all quests love the lore and characters. A couple bugs here and their (got stuck unlocking a chest and reloading saves while playing sometime breacks the guards but nothing that dident sort isealf out after a reset but needs fixxing when finished).Stealth works well enougth mebe needs to be tuned up a bit as even when rats spot me i can just run away and be fine mebe sppeeding up the guards when they spot u or something although there might be harder enermys in the full game later down the line as early acess is just the staring zone.But yeah overall loved the game cant wait for the finished project"
,Recommended,417290,24627764,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Xeller,"After the update today everything works great. A stealth game without combat sounds like a bad idea, but it actually works.The game looks good, it sounds good. The mechanics seem pretty solid and aside from falling through steps things seem to work pretty well."
,Recommended,417290,24660387,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,LestatLestotis,"A gem in the making!Please support this project, it deserves a chance to shine.Beautiful art and animation, interesting lore, the mechanics play well and it is polished for an early access title.You can tell that love and care were put into this project."
76561198137620519,Recommended,417290,24599683,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Liet,"rich story , nice characters"
,Recommended,417290,24599960,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Sam,"This game is really great!It's a sort of exploration, light puzzler, stealth, loot grabbing, mix of ideas but its really charming. The writing is really witty and funny. The level  (at least the first part that I'm still on) is a really nice areas that weaves back on itself in loads of layers, Dark Souls style, and you end up revisiting places with new items to explore more parts of it.Really glad I took the punt on this early access game!"
,Recommended,417290,24602612,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Fantome,I have been following this game since I first saw screenshots a couple years ago. This is an amazing little adventure game. The characters feel alive in the world and the enviromental work is spectacular. Can't wait for the finished product to get here.The only negative I see so far are the controls don't feel exactly right. I've tried inverting the horizontal and veritical thinking maybe that was it. But it feels like the rotation with the character movement just doesn't line up all the way correctly. That being said BUY THIS GAME and support this guy :)
76561198075282807,Recommended,417290,24604682,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,supersmily5,"I've barely played this game and it's not yet finished being made, so take this review with a grain of salt.  It will be updated twice, once when I've beaten it (If I can in it's current state) and again when the full game's inevitably released.  I say inevitably because despite it's weaknesses it may very well end up the next big hit on the market, as despite it's indie nature of unpolish the native creativity with gameplay and decent story make this game a good look's worth by itself.  I say that, but it's not the main, generic story that catches the mind, but the world story sent to you through notes, books, and dialogue, which strangely allows the player to look up keywords in a sort of dictionary to learn more about them while working through the conversation.  It's a nice touch that is great for those who enjoy story or have trouble getting into the terms of any given fictional world.  On a gameplay note, it plays like a stealth game, with a condensed version of Dark Souls life and stamina as your gauge.  You read that right, gauge.  This game gets VERY clever in it's gameplay, as your ability to sprint is DIRECTLY tied to your health bar.  The game is initially over-saturated with food to replinish it, though I've yet to determine if this remains the case, and if you don't have the chance to heal, it doesn't matter how much food you have.  A fundumentally changing aspect of the game at least in my playtrhough though is the lack of map.  You, as the player, are supposed to be able to find maps to areas, and open them with the LB button.  However, I for some reason, consistently cannot, reminding me (As little does in this game) that it IS unfinished.  There is also the unexcusable fallacy of save points in this game.  To save the game, you must be hiding in any number of the containers you can hide in within the game.  This creates the potential to not save for excessive amounts of time, and forgetting to save properly has lead to game failure in the past for many games with the same limitation.  The game SHOULD let you save if you are not in the awareness cone or radius of the enemies, I.E. safe.  Not JUST when you're hiding.  The last problem is in the weird focus of the appearance of the game, which has heavy art but little optimization, with graphical glitchs being common, such as seeing through the walls to out of bounds and your beloved hats going nuts and your clothes clipping through you like air.  None of these glitches are potent or long-lasting, but with the game looking the way it does, it's VERY immersion breaking... BUT as I said before at the start of this rant, the game's pretty good so far despite these shortcomings.  If you get it though, remember that it is a W.I.P and any or all of these problems may not be fixed."
76561197967738433,Recommended,417290,24595030,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Ozwald,So just over 2hrs in great stuff so far! Nice graphics and controls feel good. Defo worth keeping an eye on!
76561198025308485,Recommended,417290,24568480,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Warzard,"I played version 1.49 of the Early Access game.I personally love this game. The main character is an adorable little mouse, but it's a sinister world where you have to hide and evade armor-clad rats.The dialogue is witty, and are really in character. There's bits of lore to discover about the world that also really makes the place immersive. The animations are absolutely subperb (the main dev has animated in films like The Prince of Egypt, The Road to Eldorado, Flushed-Away, Despicable Me, and The Lorax). The environments are very well designed and are a treat for me to look at.Unfortunately as it's Early Access, it's not quite all there, but I still really enjoyed my time playing this and don't regret the purchase.Currently, in its Early Access state there are some minor and major bugs (no crashes or save corruption, but some bugs seemed to prevent quest progression, quitting and reloading the game seemed to fix this though, and I imagine the big bugs will be fixed soon).Some sounds also seem to be absent, and some GUI seems plain (basically just the main menu).Overall though, I believe this is a great game."
,Recommended,417290,24566735,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,PorkyPine,"Beautiful style and fluid, engaging gameplay. Can't wait for full release!"
76561198006795030,Recommended,417290,24779538,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Pikout,"Fans of Redwall, Mouse guard, and anything that goes with a tail, you should have a look at this georgous and fun game. Only 30% of it and it is already very promising.Just don't hesitate. Tilo is the mouse you were looking for!"
,Recommended,417290,27117397,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mirabelle,"I usually don't buy early access games, but this one instantly caught my eye, and it was worth every penny. It's a lovely stealth game, with an amazingly cute character, the graphic and animation is gorgeous. The content is not much atm and doesn't take much time to play it through but hopefully as development continues we can see more. I think the game has  great potentials."
76561197978653253,Recommended,417290,24602675,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Irish,"I cannot recommend this enough. 10/10It's adorable, fun, and beautiful.Edit - Old review: This is an utterly fantastic game, even in early access format. I have not run into any bugs thus far and the game both plays and looks beautiful. I cannot wait till this is fully finished."
,Recommended,417290,26728507,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,mattjelly,One of the better early access titles on Steam.Very engaging stealth game.Should be more popular.
,Recommended,417290,26833828,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Goblin,"Love this game, its not finished yet, but i'm constantly checking for updates and the rest of this story."
76561198045076033,Recommended,417290,26946558,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,itsheresomewhere,"An RPG stealth game - but this game has main protaginist as a small mouse. Not a goblin, or an elf. Not even a grizzled human with a cool sounding name. But a mouse and a bard to boot. A really cool take on a well trod path. Really is worthy of support."
76561198055181132,Recommended,417290,26853705,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Segersgia,"Hope you like rats.Seriously though, I've had so much fun just running around and searching for all the different costume pieces. It might have its kinks and bugs, but so did every other AAA-game that has been released this year. The world is beautiful and the Rats look menacing.Also, that leech in the sewers creeped me out. eeeeeewww!"
76561197991522783,Recommended,417290,25856019,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Uran1,A few bugs here and there that need to be fixed and the auto-follow camera angle.But i love the game so far!
76561198151746211,Recommended,417290,28638673,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,parthurnaxs,veary fun but short game worth the 20$ i spent
76561198052165764,Recommended,417290,33242180,Posted: 4 July,all,mgoctopusboy,"Okay, this is an EA review.I am in love with this game.  But it is like a long distance relationship.  I dove right in when we first met.  I crept around every corner, inspected every room, and compelted everything I could.  But now I am stand off ish, I don't want to marry someone who is not completely there.Every single time I open steam I look to see if this game is updating.  I will scroll past other games that are updating, just to see if this one is.  Like waiting for a letter telling me my lost love is coming home.If you can stand waiting to play more of it, buy it.  If you are curious, and the theme and the gameplay have you interested than you will LOVE it.But seriously.  If you have no will power, if you are the kind of person who stays up way to late because you have to finish that TV series in one sitting, the waiting after having had a taste will drive you crazy.Ghost of a Tale is a lover worth both waiting for, and jumping right into.   It is not a matter of 'IF' you should buy it, it is a matter of 'when'."
76561198019151674,Recommended,417290,33425920,Posted: 10 July,all,julian.ackermann,"Wow! Loved every minute of it. Story, graphics, (non) fighting. Standing on top of the castle looking around this has so much potential to it. Frustrating but not infuriating, logical but not too easy. Spot on guys, keep it coming!"
,Recommended,417290,28809417,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Tails41347,"This game is the wors... na, It's a winning! I love it! It feels like as I should watch the movie ""The Secret Of Nimh"" again!The character is so cute and the animations are wonderful! It's rare to find games where their ears and tail has a little wiggle physics to it too.I used too search a lot for anthropomorphic animal based games, and this must be one of the best so far!Have you though about to give the characters some voice and some cutsceens? That would be amazing!I see you have been working a lot with this game, many years has past and you have been doing an amazing job! I looking forward to the full release for this game, it looks soo promising!"
,Recommended,417290,24607756,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,💉gay corrupting pollen 200(11)4,this game has a cute mouse and scary rats and you can play as the cute mouse
76561198045356035,Recommended,417290,24555071,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,KONO DIO DA!!!,This game sis amazing!!!
76561197987866701,Recommended,417290,34106486,Posted: 8 August,all,gabrielns22,"Excelent adventures game, can't wait for it's release!!!"
,Recommended,417290,34554459,Posted: 28 August,all,sam,"I never could find the greaves or the key to the armory in 4.90.I don't know if that's normal, but I would've liked to play further."
,Recommended,417290,34944378,Posted: 14 September,all,Eringail,"Brilliant little game, looking forward to seeing it progress"
