user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197990737871,Recommended,417880,32139865,Posted: 2 June,all,Corbain,"This game is not for the average Steam user. I actually would not even call it a game. It is more of an interactive experience, which puts you in a wonderfully designed English country site, spanning a village, a holiday resort and an observation center. I am amazed to see what a properly funded walking sim can be like.This experience invites you to explore, follow your urge to walk into every house and see what's on the inside, or take the road less traveled in the neighboring forest. Every few steps you walk into a scene set up so perfectly, it should be captured in an oil painting. The attention to detail, the quality of the art assets and the application of modern day technologies like tesselation make even the most mundane day to day object look amazing. The art style itself is rounded up and only during the final 30-40 minutes, you will find some minor visual glitches, which are completely absent in the final scene.The storytelling is a new approach,as there are no character models at all. Still, the designers found a way to communicate human emotions by a stunning voice acting performance throughout the entire game, which is supported by a really unique and nice design choice,turning all humans into beings of light.Safe for a few bugs and butterflies, you will not run into a single living thing, yet,the world feels more alive than anything I have seen in years. And that is its main content, a living world, that tells a story. You are just a visitor, walking through the scenes. Imagine it, as if you were visiting an English town that held a live stage act all across its premisses and you could walk along with the act.My advice:- If you are a classic gamer, who wants really interactive games with puzzle solving and such, this will most likely disappoint you.- If you are someone who values books and moody movies, this is probably a good way to feel like walking inside one of those stories."
,Not Recommended,417880,22507653,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,dead_alewives,"PROS:- Excellent writing. The developers know how to tell a story.- Great voice acting. Every character sounds like a real, relatable human being.- Great map design- Great graphics.- Great music and overall sound design. The soundtrack contains some of the most beautiful and atmospheric music I've ever heard in a video game.CONS:- Inconsistent framerate issues, even with the settings turned down (using an R9 290X, 16GB ddr4 RAM and i5 6500) - I'd go from the mid 50's one second to mid 20's the next.- No puzzle solving whatsoever or any other feature to let you interact with the world (aside from opening doors and turning on radios). It's a walking simulator through and through.- ZERO replay value. Seriously, there is nothing that would ever bring me back to this game - there are no alternate endings (that I know of) or any other kind of player-made decisions to change the course of events in any kind of way. It has a single story to tell, it tells it, and that's that.- The game's ending is practically insulting to its audience.I'd only recommend this game when it's on sale. And when I say ""sale"" I mean when it's 70% off or lower. You could easily finish this game in an afternoon and you may or may not be left with an empty feeling after its finale. I know I was."
76561198009337678,Not Recommended,417880,22427235,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Bullitt,"A very pretty walking simulator.Did I enjoy it? MehDid I pay too much (£15.99)? Yup.Will I ever play it again? NopeWould I recommend it to anyone? Nope.It's a few hours entertainment at best, if you really want it wait for a sale."
,Not Recommended,417880,22707546,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Harry101UK,"+ Very pretty and realistic graphics+ Amazing soundtrack+ Great voice-acting+ Unique rural England location- Awful optimisation, stuttery 25-45fps (980 Ti, i7 6700K, 16GB RAM)- Walking and running are SO slow, it becomes extremely tedious, especially while backtracking or exploring off the obvious path. The sprint button barely has any effect at all; it's about 5% faster than walking.- Barely any interactivity. It's pretty much just 'walk from A-B, listen to some ghosts' repeatedly.It's a short, unique experience, but I really wouldn't recommend it to anyone when there are better alternatives like The Vanishing Of Ethan Carter, or the first Amnesia. Overpriced and underpolished for what it is."
76561197997030136,Not Recommended,417880,33115614,Posted: 1 July,all,Alysandir,"I think the term, ""walking simulator,"" gets applied to more games than it ultimately should. If you ever had the opportunity to play the original Myst back in the day - a title that both revolutionized and became the gold standard for what it meant to be an adventure game - then you might agree with me that Myst could technically be termed a walking simulator based on its gameplay. But that's not really correct, is it? That's not what we think of when we call something a walking simulator, is it? Where then is the dividing line? When does a game cross over from being an adventure game to being a walking simulator?I've spent the last couple of hours pondering this question as I've been playing Rapture; the very fact that I've been doing *that* instead of being focused on the game, gave me my first clue: immersion. Myst was enthralling; for the player, time stood still. 3am? Bah, I'll just call in sick tomorrow. I've experienced that as well with the ""Vanishing of Ethan Carter"" and ""What Remains of Edith Finch,"" two other noted walking simulators. And what makes a game immersive? Atmosphere. Storytelling. Exploration. A mystery to be solved.Technically, Rapture has all of this....but unfortunately, it has serious flaws with each aspect:- Atmosphere: the creators do a fairly decent job at providing the back drop of a quaint northern England village; it's an attractive-looking game with some fairly stunning visuals at times. The music is effective in places, but in others becomes a heavy-handed distraction with majestic chorals being used far too much and hence losing their effect over time. The voice acting would be adequate under normal circumstances, but other than the main protagonist, it all starts to sound alike quickly, which creates an immersion issue. You see, all of the characters are represented as silhouettes of light with no visual differentiation whatsoever. There are no visual points of distinction or interest, so we're left to fall on their voices to fill those gaps, and the differentiation between the voices is insufficient, as they are essentially all villagers of the same demographic background. This gives the impression of a very vanilla set of characters that we have trouble distinguishing between or empathizing with.- Storytelling: At the risk of being blunt, the storytelling here is subpar. The intent here is to tell the story through 20-30 second snippets of dialog presented out of order between the denizens of the village and it's up to the player to piece together what's going on. But much of the dialog is inconsequential to the plot and merely helps identify and flesh out the characters, most of whom are also largely inconsequential to the plot. There are far too many background characters here and far too little reasons to care about them individually. Yes, there are undercurrents and subplots, but they are irrelevant to the story, and frankly, make you question why the writers thought them compelling. Several are rather cringeworthy. But again, it's all irrelevant, because this story is really about two main characters, both of which you also  finding yourself asking why they're behaving the way they are. Finally, the story wraps up with a long exposition about the existential nature of life itself and you're left wondering how we got from point A to point B.- Exploration: At first, this seemed delightful, as you skip from house to house to check out every nook and cranny hoping for secrets to be revealed. By roughly the 5th or 6th house, you begin to realize that the vast majority of houses are just window-dressing and cannot actually be explored, and that you're going to be treated to the same in-game objects again, and again, and again, and again in different combinations. But even this would not be so terrible were it not for the fact that you walk everywhere. Or perhaps I should say, plod. No running, no jogging, not even walking at a brisk pace. No, you plod. In the beginning, you don't mind so much, because the newness is still fresh and curiosity peaked, but roughly 50% into the game you find yourself just sticking to the main objective because the payoff for exploring does not exceed the ""plod factor."" In fact, the number of interactions you have with the game generally come about every 5-10 minutes, between which you a plod, plod, plodding along. This gets old extremely fast.I mean, there's even a guide attached to the store page about how to download a cheat program simply to make your character move faster, for crying out loud. The creators of this game seem to embrace the idea of long stretches between actually doing anything; at least four of the achievements are earned by going to certain locations and doing *absolutely nothing* for several minutes. I'm not making this up; you are rewarded for standing perfectly still and doing nothing.- A mystery to be solved: As I mentioned earlier the gameplay is about locating these 20-30 second snippets of dialog that you're supposed to piece together what's going on. But the problem is that by the end of the first area, you already have a pretty good idea about what's going on. From there forward, it's mostly about uncovering all the little subplots that are ultimately irrelevant to main plot. There really is no payoff, no grand ""a ha!"" moment that makes you glad you invested in the game.So to answer my original question - what is the dividing line between an adventure game and a walking simulator - I believe that an adventure game is a superset of a walking simulator that never feels like one because its too busy captivating your imagination. Rapture, on the other hand, is a pure walking simulator - and not even a very well implemented one - and as such I must caution you against buying it unless walking really is your thing."
,Not Recommended,417880,22430425,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,fiftydwarves,"Ok, the game looks intriguing and very pretty so farBUTplease, be wary that it has serious optimization problems. It STUTTERS (GTX 970, i5-4590, 8gb ddr3), which makes the game basically unplayable, even when run on the lowest possible settings. There's a giant thread in the community hub with a lot of people reporting this same problem. So NOPE, not until this crap is fixed."
76561198296080176,Not Recommended,417880,23461239,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,dalechristopher,"I wish there was a button between ""recommend"" and ""not recommend""... a thumbs down seems a bit harsh, but anyway...What do you get with this game? It's basically Dear Esther. they've duplicated the melancholy, lonley atmosphere and made another game that's pretty much the same. I call it a game but really it's not... It's a walk through world where you are told a story as you explore. It's like a indie, art house audio book where you listen to snippets of conversations and you kind of piece togeather what's happening from that.I could go on for ages but to cut to the points...-Great music.-The world you walk through is atmospheric and nicely made however it's somewhat wasted by poor execution of the game.-This game first seems like you might have to use your brain to figure out but you soon find out none of the clues in the world are important. You don't need to pay attention to any information and you are led around by following a glowing ball. Basically follow the ball, hear the audio story. Done.-From the very start of the game there is a glowing ball that flys around, you soon realise this is a game mechanic which tries to direct you to the audio snippets. My opinion of the ball is that it was annoying. If you were looking for a game like Myst, this is definitly not it.-The game world, while nice to look at and explore has zero replayability for me. The way the story is given to you could have been so much more engaging, the world could have been so much more interactive...-The voice acting was really nice. But the story... great potential, interesting premise, they could have done a lot of things better. Not sure about the ending >_<-Seems to run poorly even if you have a beast PC. (Not a big deal just play it on lower settings)-What is this game? It's basically Dear Esther for console and then ported to steam so now we have 2 Dear Esthers lolI was a bit disappointed with this game... I saw this title on the horizon I was pretty hyped, then when it looked like it was going to be console only I was bummed but then it came to steam so I was like ""woo hoo!"" But playing it, right from the start I was disappointed... I'm tempted to say it didnt live up to my expectations but really, I didn't have any expectations... I just like this kind of game, I liked stuff the developer had done in the past and so I thought I'd like this too.If you haven't experienced Dear Esther you may have a good, unique experience from Rapture but don't expect a ""game"" this is only an indie style audio book with a pretty world you can walk around but it's a very lite experience.Have fun =P"
,Recommended,417880,23632679,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Matthew,"This was an absolutely astounding experience. More than several times this had me on the verge of tears from the music and scenery alone. It's rare to see a game set in such a familiar (to me) setting. The envirnonment itself is so faithfully crafted it gave me feelings of genuine nostalgia, and i spent far longer than i should have just grinning at the road signs and bus stops.There are 6 acts, and you are not required to complete one before moving to the next. This was initially a little concerning as I was worried i would skip over and see something out of sequence. But the areas are cleverly designed to avoid this without explicitly stating so, and i found that you are naturally guided to where you need to be.The story itself is very well crafted, and extremely well performed. A full playthough took me around 9 hours. The narrative is delivered though ghostly figures, radios and telephones, as well as the environment itself, with every corner of the world holding another piece. If youre paying attention there are enough clues to sort of figure out whats going by mid way though the 3rd act, which makes it all the more gratifying to fill in the remaining pieces.I highly reccomend this title to anyone who is a fan of interactive narrative driven pieces. 10/10"
,Not Recommended,417880,22451912,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Bootleg,"Pros:Beautiful graphics, soundtrack and voice actingCons:Extremely cryptic, everyone is playing the pronoun game.Tries to be deep but fails.The walking is extremely slow and boring.Watch a let's play instead. Playing this yourself does not really make it different."
76561198054234829,Not Recommended,417880,32275939,Posted: 8 June,all,Tibarnius,"I couldnt do it. I really tried to make it through this one, as I usually love walking sims/narrative games, but holy CRAP is this game SLOW. You will be literally crawling your way through a huge valley/town hoping to god you don't miss something the first time through because it will take you an hour to walk half a mile.There may be a good story here, but the gameplay is complete and utter garbage due to the mindnumbingly slow walk speed."
,Recommended,417880,26589805,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Seba,"This game is a very slow game. But in a very good way. Its a game when you need to relax and enjoy amazing voice acting and stunning visuals.You are never being rushed or forced to do anything. Only a good story and world setting.Also to point out, this game have some of the best made level building. Never saw any graphical or world related bug. Everything was put in the game with lots of thought and precision.This game is just so so so damn stunning."
,Recommended,417880,28764935,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Saibot,"I don't know why anyone would give this Walking Simulation a ""Thumbs down"" rating?Like.. The Game is a typical walking Simulator. Walking Simulator don't have any Action like a shooter Game or something. Walking Simulators are meant to be relaxing. Everybody's Gone to the Rapture is a huge success in that stuff.You just sit there, watch or hear a Story. That's all i wanted. Plus its not a short Walking Simulator like The Town of Light where you pay 9,49€ for 2-3 Hours of ""playtime"".Yes Walking Simulator are not meant to be liked from everyone. But everyone who likes to watch and hear a good Story without doing anything much than listening and walking then GO FOR IT!*RECOMMENDED*"
,Not Recommended,417880,22707665,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,PJ,"Extremely poorly ported/optimised - stuttering, crashing. Unplayable. Refund requested."
,Recommended,417880,22611976,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Jen_erzsebet ⛥,"'The Event, the Pattern, and the end of the World.'Just like the previous gameDear Esther,Everybody's Gone to the Rapturetransports the player into a beautiful, engrossing world without any instructions and asks them to solve a tremendous mystery by walking, listening, and watching.The core mechanic is exploration. For the most part, the game IS awalking simulator, yet in addition to that, it allows the player to be able to interact with various objects (computers, phones, televisions, etc.) and trails of light which illuminate scenes where characters engage with each other in order to lead the story forward.The player will find themselves in control of an unnamed, unseen (first-person) protagonist and begin slowly walking around a quiet English village called Yaughton, to unravel the mystery behind the dissappreance of its inhabitans.The rest of the journey will only be your own experience to go, without spoiling from my part ...http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=672080024~Visually captivating and outstanding writing.'Everything is light now, everything has come to rest. We have each other, We lived apart from them; we understand now. Our failure to touch, to belong. But it doesn’t matter anymore. Everybody is gone, and we will join them. We are born apart, driftwood on the banks of an endless dark ocean. And we will be carried away by the swell soon enough. But in between, in a single day of living… that dancing in a strip of sunlight, we can find what we miss. The love that makes us whole. The imminence. Everybody found their other. This pattern is mine.'http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=671473362~Excellent voice acting with a haunting soundtrack;Perhaps one of the most memorable I’ve come across so far. At the beginning or end of a chapter, or during pivotal scenes where some crucial bit of information is revealed, climaxes are punctuated by soaring pieces of classical and choral music that last well into the afterglow.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=geAnnlZMngI- Inconsistent gameplay due to heavy performance issues, low frame rates- Slow 'walking' pace makes the game drag after a while and less enjoyable- Incomprehensible navigation- little interactionsIn a general aspect, it is NOT a 'everyones' type of game/genre but more than likely an experience.Get yourself an insight of this game first before considering buying it and complain afterwards. It'll save you money and nerves.For me personally,Everybody’s Gone to the Raptureis a wonderfully poignant, moving sci-fi and story-driven journey. A fully realized world, excellent writing, superb voice acting, beautiful music, and a compelling, intriguing mystery are more than worth a few technical difficulties and some subpar mechanics.Verdict: 7 out of 10"
76561198028164975,Recommended,417880,30879590,Posted: 1 April,all,aravistarkheena2,"This is one of the most beautiful, profound experiences I have had in recent memory.  The sort of experience after which you are not the same as you were before.  Which leaves you shaken, because you are so moved.People have mentioned the soundtrack, which is heartachingly beautiful and can be purchased on Itunes.  Mentioned less is the voice acting, which is some of the best I have ever encountered in a game.This is not a game, but something else.  An entirely distinctive experience.  If you love to think and feel deeply and to be moved beyond words, I cannot recommend it enough.  And to the developers, you have done something truly extraordinary here, of which you should be very proud."
,Recommended,417880,22818322,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,FATHER,"This game very nearly made me cry at one point. This never happens. Games have a long way to go still.But Everybody's Gone to the Rapture is one of the most beautiful digital experiences I've ever had.The 'omg I might be welling up with emotion' point didn't occur during a scripted sequence, plot twist or revelatory event. No, my noticable emotional response happened somewhere in rural England in the empty household of a missing person, staring at a perfectly ordinary kitchen table, when suddenly the whole game- the world, the music, the setting, mood, sounds, the bumble bees- bloody EVERYTHING genuinely *got* to me.The game is totally alien in design. You walk slowly. You look at stuff. You don't do a lot. And then... you realise that actually, yes you do. You *do* do a lot. You do so much in fact that I am in absolute awe of how every single aspect- even the shonky, radio drama quality of the dialogue - comes together in such a considered way.This is a masterpiece of game design. You might wonder how I can say that so confidently when the game has no traditional gameplay. Get immersed. I swear on me mum I'm right."
76561198006265186,Not Recommended,417880,22449119,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,romulous,"I like walking sims, so was looking forward to this being ported to PC. About 2 hours in, and it's all mostly negative I'm afraid. On the negative side:-Walk speed is too slow (this from someone who never uses the run function in open world games)-Mouse sensitivity is way too low, even on the maximum in-game slider level-Run is this weird 'hold Shift for a few seconds to slowly build up speed' thing, that is not explained in-game (and of course as soon as you take your finger off Shift, you stop running)-When I say 'run', I mean a slightly faster trot than walking - 'run' speed is very slow in this game and I think calling it running is false advertising-You can't run indoors, and walking speed indoors is even slower than outdoors-No map, too easy to get lost. Game tries to compensate for this by putting map on notice boards in-game, but this is useless, as it is an overview map, with no landmarks to orientate yourself-Weird brightness changes (so stand in one spot, and after some time, the game will just darken, and if you move around, will magically lighten again, as if clouds have passed in front of the sun - but there is no in-game weather cycle, so it isn't this)-Weird ball of light follows you around - you can't interact with it, and game doesn't explain what the ♥♥♥♥ it is meant to do (it just seems to randomly appear, and then fly away and vanish - and you can't keep up with it to see if it goes anywhere as the walking speed is way too slow)-Hardly any interactivity - only a small number of items can be interacted with, so you can't pick stuff up and examine it etc-No zoom function - so you can't zoom in on objects to get a better look at them (read text on in-game notices etc)-The gates and doors open towards you, rather than away from you as in most other games - meaning you are always being thrust out of the way by a moving door or gate-No manual save, and checkpoints are way too far apart. Prior to writing this review, I was trying to find a savepoint so I could exit the game without losing all my progress. The game does tell you how long ago you saved when you try and exit, and according to it, it had been almost an hour since I last found a savepoint (these are random, there is no physical save point you can move to and stand in to save, you just have to wait until the game shows the 'saving' icon-The 'tuning' mechanism when you encounter the stationery balls of light is not explained in-game, and the stupid on-screen indicator confuses the situation even more-Maybe why the mouse sensitivity is so low in-game - when you look left or right, there some stuttering and other weird effects. If you have a mouse with a variable DPI setting - as I do - you find this effect is worse the higher DPI you set your mouse (I set DPI higher to compensate for the awfully low turn speed - game devs probably realised this as a problem, and rather than fixing it, simply made the turning speed so low that they hoped no one would notice)On the plus side:-It looks nice-The game tells you when you last saved when you try and exit, nice for knowing how much progress you are going to lose because you can't find one of the random and very sparsely populated checkpoint save spotsOverall, very, very disappointed, and frankly, no idea if I am actually tempted to even finish the game. The big issues are the lack of a map (so you have no clue where you are), the criminal lack of savepoints, and the awful walking speed. The lack of interactivity except for a small number of objects is a big disappointment in a walking sim."
,Not Recommended,417880,22710814,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,woodiland,"!!!---PRE-PATCH 1.01---!!!The ONLY game I've ever requested a refund for.In it's current state, it is unplayable for me, and for a lot of other people.On a PC with 2-Way SLi GTX 980's, i7-5930K 6-Core CPU, SSD and 16 GB of DDR4 RAM,the Framerates constantly varies from 30-50, and it does not matter if the settings are at Ultra, or low, the framerate problem is still there. Nothing from the developers about whena patch to resolve this issue is being released or looked into, blaming Sony, saying they needSony's approval to release a patch.The little playtime I've had in this game has been testing out a number ofdifferent graphic settings and options, turning on and off SLi, G-sync, loweringmy resolution to 1080p, nothing helps, the framerate is still all over the placebelow 50 fps.In it's current state, no, it just doesn't hold up, it's just not acceptable. Don't buy."
76561198300459508,Recommended,417880,31052030,Posted: 9 April,all,akkamaddi,"I will start by saying this is not a game for everyone. It is not a traditional game, but a story that unfolds over time.The very short version is, there was an event, everyone vanished, it seems to have been recent, and ""echoes"" of events and memories are left behind.You can follow the memories of multiple characters, up to their last moment. The memories do not always unfold in a linear path, so you have to take each moment you see and guess how it fits into the story. The individual stories are all very flawed and very human. Loneliness, sadness, and fear underpin many of the story lines, but people try to move forward.The world setting is beautiful. The world is flush with flowers. The music is also beautiful and stirring.The game mechanics are very minimalist. You can move, look around, open doors and gates, and ""activate"" phones and radios. Movement is a bit slow, but the world is not large enough that this becomes a major issue.There is also an homage to the modern mythology that has arisen around number stations.Overall, its style reminded me of the game ""Journey"" by That Game Company. Following the path makes the story evolve, but this game is far more open-ended. If you want to shoot aliens or solve puzzles, this is not a game you are looking for. This is a game in which you look for pieces of a story, and are rewarded by the story itself.The way I described it to a family member, ""Ultimately, you are walking through a village of memories of people, and their gardens of fears and regrets. """
,Not Recommended,417880,23228469,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,doctorbim,"For someone who enjoys these atmospheric ""walking simulators"" (Gone Home, Infra, Firewatch, Layers of Fear) I can't put myself through playing this game for more than 20-30 minutes at a time.  A bit boring and couldn't get into the concept of listening to voices through orbs to uncover the story- maybe if they were at least replaced by ghostly human figures or something I'd likely get more attached."
,Recommended,417880,23937248,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,novanima,"Whether you enjoy this game or not depends almost entirely on what you are expecting. If you want a well-paced, puzzle-filled, challenging, interactive experience, then you'll be disappointed. But there are plenty of other games that will scratch that itch. What makes this game so great is that it offers an experience that very few other games can. If you want to relax, slow down, contemplate the meaning of life, and soak in the eery atmosphere of an abandoned English village haunted by the stories of its mysteriously-vanished denizens, then you will certainly love this game. It may not be riveting, but it is rewarding."
,Not Recommended,417880,22617368,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,BumbleSkippy,"Not what I was expecting, the ending was disappointing. I was left wanting more of an explanation.Visually stunning, but not very interactive.Apparently there's a run key somewhere, god knows where."
,Not Recommended,417880,22591364,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Falfa,"I bought this game mainly because of the setting - 1980's England.  I was thinking it would be an interesting game to walk around in such a time and experience such a story.  But for me after the initial joy of walking around the village it became rather detached and dull.  I understand it is game based on the rapture, so finding people is unlikely task I will complete.  But by walking around (painfully slow) and just listening to people’s lives.  There isn't that two-way communication like the other isolated style game of Firewatch.  I assumed with a rapture based game there would at least a few 'left behind' if this was indeed going to be a rapture in the biblical sense, but it wasn't.  The music was lovely, the graphics excellent, but I felt very detached from the game.  More like watching a TV programme than being in it.  And I would recommend anyone interested in this game just looking on YouTube on one of the many ‘Let’s Play…’ videos.  It will be the same thing.I do hope the game developers continue with the 1980’s England theme in another game, I really do.  I would love to see perhaps a murder-mystery (maybe even a bit like Hot Fuzz!) or perhaps some cold war conspiracy similar to Tinker Tailor Solider Spy or the Fourth Protocol.Great setting, with great atmosphere but that soon wears off and you feel very detached, confused and tired with all the walking.In the end I got a refund, but looked online for the end. I’m glad I stopped when I did."
,Recommended,417880,27032992,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Siliron,One of the loveliest and most interesting walks I've ever been on.
,Recommended,417880,30208500,Posted: 26 February,all,huskobon,"This is one of those games I kind of wish I had a MIXED feelings button for.  Let's go over Everybody's Gone to the Rapture here, and explain why.....  So, Sony's Santa Monica Studios decided to deliver us a Steam port of this very interesting Walking Sim, about a scientist who is the only one left in town alive it seems to determine what happen to the town as it was getting ripped apart.  This is a pretty good story on paper, and I enjoy the idea of the ""last person on Earth"" feeling.  To keep this review simple, i'm gonna be quick about this on it's Pros and Cons...PROS*Fun Story*Great voice acting*Relaxing*Good writing*Controls...Work*Beautiful environmentNow, the Cons, and this is where I feel torn..CONS*Optimzing issues (Ran on all settings and they all work the same, and have the same frame issues, so I played on Very High)*2 MINUTES to load your progress*Frame Rate issues (Sometime's i'm running 60 frames per second, and then with no warning or reason, it'll do a sharp drop to 30 or 25)*Can't run, and the town is bigThis all together is where it's leaving my torn. We have a really good idea for a game under the shell, but this port however has issues.  With that being said, i'm going to recommend it, but on a very thin minimum reason why. This is a good game at heart, but shouldn't be totally avoided. If you want to get into this and try, get it only on sale."
,Recommended,417880,28976095,Posted: 3 January,all,"Vivian, Lady of Dawn and Dusk","**** Discusses details, but no true spoilers. ****There's one questionyou have to ask yourself before you begin this game: Does the slow pace of walking sims attract or repel you?If you can't stand a walking sim's pace, you won't like this game. And if you review it, you'll whine about how slow it is and you will thereby deserve to burn eternally in hell for ignoring my advice. I don't like professional sports. What do you think would happen if I presumed to review a football or basketball sim? I wouldn't like it. And my opinion would beentirely effing worthless, because I should never have reviewed the thing in the first place, lacking a basic sympathy for it. Just as your opinion isentirely effing worthlessif you basically don't like walking sims.If you are able -- notice that I don't say ""willing,"" you can't will yourself to change your tastes -- if you areableto let yourself sink into a story and absorb it slowly through a multitude of environmental details, hints, and suggestions, and to sort out the tangles when you trigger story information in the wrong order, as you will -- it is superb.June, 1984. You're in a picture-perfect little English village, the type you're used to seeing in glossy magazines. And it's empty. Why? Well, the world just ended. Again, why? That's what drives the story, but the story isn't a story, it's an interlayered and intermingled series of tales of the people who lived here, the crisis they faced, how they reacted to it, and how some of them may have helped it to happen by their snobbish insularity. The story is told in six chapters, beginning with the village priest, Father Jeremy, and ending with Kate, the American astronomer who married a local man and came back with him to work in the observatory near their village. The human characters express themselves through swirls of light which re-enact scenes from their lives and interactions, allowing us to watch the development of what has already taken place.""Rapture"" is a lyrically depressing game, often shading into tragic. For me, the most hanky-worthy moment was Rachel's final scene. She's a bit of a ""bad"" girl because of a supposedly dodgy boyfriend, but when an irresponsible couple abandon their baby to her care in an attempt at a speedy flight (which ends in their deaths), her boyfriend stays by her. In her last scene, she's trying to rock the baby to sleep while struggling with the realization that it's all over, whatever is happening, none of them is going to see the sun rise, sobbing through the words of her lullaby, ""When we're called, we needs must go..."" but still considerate enough to tell another who comes to see if she needs help that he ought to get some sleep himself. And then all of them are gone.One point that isn't made sufficiently clearly is that Kate is black. Her encounter with Barbera, one of several local busybodies whose main retirement hobby seems to be minding the business of others with an unhealthy intensity, is a masterly depiction of hyper-refined bigotry, an unprovoked insult carried out from sheer racist spite covered with a gloss of ""niceness."" But of course it isn't Kate's skin color that is the problem, another of them, Wendy, explains later. It's just that ""she won't fit in here."" That attitude may have ended up being a major reason the world has ended. But there are a lot of other candidates.[Later note: Another viewing made it clear that Wendy isn't quite the monster she appears to be in the scene above. She's herself clinging desperately to what she still has, whether by meddling in her son's marriage or conducting a moralistic crusade against Father Jeremy for an incident in his past. The only things she really loves are her birds, and the first sign of strange occurences is when all the birds in the village die. Her last meeting with Father Jeremy, at the village war memorial, where they finally settle their old quarrel and forgive each other, is another sad and wonderful scene.]The village is done in magnificent detail, and the score by Jessica Currie is by turns ominious, lyrical, and mournful, funeral music for a world. The ending is a bit difficult to understand, but one must remember that the sole witness was not necessarily entirely sane at that point. Too often, criticism hinges on confusions and mistakes that would be natural for a character to make.So by all means play it -- if you like the genre. If not, avoid it. You'll be missing nothing but a headache and the scorn of those who realize that like an anaconda swallowing a baseball, or me trying to throw one, you took on something that wasn't meant for you in the first place."
76561198020340987,Recommended,417880,32625857,Posted: 21 June,all,Nᴀɴᴏɪᴢᴇʀ,This game will make you realize how loneliness truly does feel. In a beautifully created paradise...
76561197980801280,Not Recommended,417880,28634064,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Heathen92,"I'm extremely disappointed with this game.  I knew it was a walking simulator going into it and I'm actually a bit of a fan of those but I'd really prefer they work properly.Pros:-The game is gorgeous.  The technical level of the graphics is not very impressive but the design of the world is fantastic.  The village is a convincing replica of a quiet little english village with a lot of attention paid to detail.  And those details work to create a foreboding atmosphere as you carry on through the game.-The story is decent, possibly the best TCR has done so far.  Most of the characters are ordinary, likable folk and you really feel for them by the end of their story arcs.Cons:-Slow pace, even by walking simulator standards.  They give you a 'run' function that takes a bit to kick in but honestly it's slow enough that I think you're unseen protagonist might be one of the town's older residents.  The interesting details or story events are only once every 3-4 houses which only exasperates the problem.-Bugs.  Dear god the bugs.  Halfway through the game all of the story events that you have to activate just stopped working.  I tried reloading to know effect.  The game also randomly closes on my very high end system.Honestly if you're into walking simulators I would recommend this if it weren't for the damn bugs.  As the whole point of the game is the story the bugs make it unplayable.  This is not a new game.  They've had time to fix this, they just haven't bothered to."
,Recommended,417880,29576437,Posted: 29 January,all,Neil TheBadass Tyson ♡,"When I bought this game I thought it would be awesome to play. The honest answer now after playing...it's more than just awesome. It's mind-blowing, magnificent and stunning. The soundtrack, graphics and story made me more emotional than in any other game i have played. This is something else than just a good game. Its an experience. Out of all the walking simulators i have played this is definietly my favourite!http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=853119681http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=853119700Too Much Recommended!"
76561198049001613,Not Recommended,417880,32708873,Posted: 23 June,all,Jumpydoll,"I ordinarily enjoy walking simulators, and am a fan of The Chinese Room's other efforts (Dear Esther, Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs). I don't even mind games that are well-known for being frustrating and slow (Pathologic), but I cannot recommend this game. It is so aggravating just walking around the game area. The ""run"" control doesn't seem to do anything, or increases your speed to such a small degree it's unnoticable. Hunting down the little nuggets of story just doesn't feel worth the time and effort. I completed the first area, and what I found didn't make up for the relentless boredom I was feeling."
,Not Recommended,417880,29093291,Posted: 7 January,all,Oloremo,"Astonishingly beautiful, with great music, story and voice acting, yet only 23% of the people completed the game and only 0.9% of them triggered all of the story points.The reason is that the game is unbelievably slow and it kills your interest."
76561198050735944,Not Recommended,417880,22616979,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,luckmarg,"Brilliant scenery yet it is such a boring game, so dissapointed as I bought this on the fact that it received so many awards.No connection with other characters, just walk around in wonderful areas but not enough interaction for me.Very dissapointing game."
76561198046228822,Recommended,417880,31798802,Posted: 16 May,all,Kyrri,"The Good:*  The Storyline.  It draws you in with questions right up until the end.  The characters are believable and the story is unique.  How it plays out is as beautiful as the graphics.*  The Graphics.   The game is gorgeous!*  The Music.  Also beautiful and once you know the plot, it fits superbly.*  Atmosphere.  It is eerie but realistic.  There is not a set path you have to follow; you can take as long or a short a path as you'd like.  As the plot builds, you begin to experience the story through the eyes of the characters.*  Discovery.  This game is all about discovering your path and experiencing the story.  You will be rewarded for exploration.The Less Good:*  If you prefer an action game, this is not for you.  This game is about story and atmosphere.*  Controls are not totally intuitive but are fine once you figure them out.  (Don't slide the mouse back and forth, just slide it one way slowly then the other if needed.)*  It is not always apparent where to go next, making it easy to miss a piece of the story or discover it out of order.  You have to pay attention to the story for clues...however missing a piece is also  not necessary to finish the game.*  You can't just click save and pick up where you left off...there are set points that save so you do need to pay a little more attention to saving than in some other games.Overall:I loved this game and highly recommend it for those who like story-rich atmospheric games that are so beautiful and poignant your heart aches.  The characters could easily be your friends and family living their lives, adding to the immersion in the game's plot.  The themes are a bit deeper and more subtle than I have experienced in other games of the same genre.  As you explore and discover what happened, you may find yourself moved by profound questions about ourselves and our humanity.  I played through it once blind and then with a guide to make sure I discovered every detail.  This game was not at all what I thought it was going to be and I am so grateful for that."
,Not Recommended,417880,23832593,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,hoserama99,"I enjoy walking simulators, and I have a soft spot for a bit of pretentiousness in my games. That said, this was *hours* of walking - slowly! I don't mind that there's not much gameplay here, but it simply drags on well past its welcome. The story was moderately interesting, but not nearly enough to carry it for so long.It would have been helpful if the walking speed was double or triple what it was - at least that would encourage me to explore more. As it stood, after a certain time I just stuck to the main path to get it over, because any deviation would be a time-consuming bet, and not one likely to pay off.My steam stats say I spent 6 hours, start to finish. 3 hours whas about the point where I lost interest and kept on going because I thought things might get better. They didn't.There are some interesting achievements related to exploring the world, but I have zero motivation to go back and try these. They seem like they might be better titled punishments than achievements.That said, I'd give the game 2 out of 5. The scenery is beautiful and it has high production values. If you really want a lot of walking in your walking simulator, this will tickle that spot. For anyone else, this will probably just frustrate you.Edit to add: I ran into a few bugs (Windows 10, 4GHz i7 4790, Nvidia GT 970):* Game locked up on me once, requiring alt-ctrl-del and a relaunch. Lost about 10 minutes of playtime. Didn't crash again.* The golden orb stopped and got stuck on a post once. Had to quit and relaunch to move things along. Lost about 20 minutes of playtime.* Performance is a bit weird. It's buttery-smooth on Ultra most of the time, but when swinging the camera around, it gets oddly choppy at times.* On Ultra, reflections in the water seem pretty busted. Hard to describe in words, but the wrong things are reflected in the wrong ways as you move the camera around. Seen in the ponds in the starting area and other places later on. Didn't try on any lower settings."
76561198316115863,Recommended,417880,28185657,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,debackerluc,"It took me quite a bit of annoyance to get the game running smoothly, that was for sure unfortunate and made me almost reclaim my money. But I got it sorted out and am running it with the highest detail setting possible and oh boy...a nice one it is.Rest assured, this is even more detailed and larger than Ethan Carter which is to me very very nice.You need to like this type of games though. I bet someone who likes to shoot the hell out of everything gets pretty quick bored to death but if you like a great stroy line in an awesome surrounding this is the game for you.I'm not at the end of the game yet for sure but just needed to elaborate here becaue it is just great.You'd almost like to see a movie made out of this... actually it feels like you are watching a movie unfold in front of you and you are the director making up the storyline as you go.As you go.... yes...the 'go' that might be one downside to mention... the running is well....not really running.... and then going from one end of the playable world to the other one takes time...quite some time.I already know now for sure that if and when there comes a sequal, I'm totally in :)By the way, the story could get a prequal as well come to think of it....hmmm, developers.....ideas??"
,Recommended,417880,27678666,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Tatanko,"Though it is a short experience, this game packs a lot into only a few hours of gameplay. It was good enough that I felt the need to play through it several times, which is almost necessary to see the full detail of where the game takes place. Highly recommended."
,Not Recommended,417880,34529106,Posted: 27 August,all,legoF16,"I really didn't read any reviews before getting the game so I wasn't sure exactly what to expect.This game is 100% for1) People who like walking around in a fairly large open end environment.2) People who like a gaming story discovered out of order and in pieces, but unchangeable3) Patient people. There are no vehicles, and the ""Run"" button doesn't work even when youy reassign it4) People who like to see real lifelike outdoor scenes. Indoor is only o.k.If you don't like walking around at a snail's pace in a story which you  have no input then go somewhere else.It was too slow for me and I like to have some involvement with the NPC. I felt like it was a beautiful game where they had finished the outdoor area and were working on the story and indoor textures when they were told you have to release the game tomorrow.Not Recommended for most."
,Not Recommended,417880,22466570,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,OneHandBand1t,"Wait for a patch, runs like garbage, terrible frame pacing, terrible optimisation.GTX 970 oc, i5 2500k @ 4.6ghz, 8gb 1600mhz Ram, Win 10Indoor framerate is solid and runs smooth but most of the game resides outside and this is where the issue liesUltra settings 23-70fpsHigh settings 33- 80fpsMedium settings 38-90 fpsLow settings 40 - 120fpsThese may look reasonable but the frame pacing is god awful and framerate mostly sits at the lower end of above fpsSomewhere there is a good story driven walking adventure game but with said issues I am really struggling to enjoy it in its current state"
,Not Recommended,417880,28828344,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,BonBonB,"Looks brilliant. And love the story so far. I really really want to play it more.But there's no manual save option, and after 39 minutes of gameplay I did not manage to activate an autosave. So unless you are happy to leave the game running and come back to it later I strongly suggest staying clear."
,Not Recommended,417880,23432582,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Gaelstorm,"First off, let me say that I was impressed with the graphics, definitely the music, many moments of the game and the artisitc design.  I'm putting aside techinal flaws on how the game runs at times, or the shift run key or the orb spin controls not explained.  A con though, for such a vast beautiful world it feels empty a bit or more because of nothing to interact with vast majority of the time.I thought the story for a walking sim was pretty excellent which then leads me to the thumbs down and I wish I could thumbs down twice:The ending:  to quote another review on here: ""The ending is like some neo-philosophical hippie-indie film type grade A horse manure, in my opinion, it's literally the cheesiest ending I have ever witnessed in a game/movie/whatever this game is.""I have to totally agree with the accessment and add to it.  It actually makes me feel like Mass Effect 3's ending was done better and made more sense.  They are very much similar in philosophy and it's gut wrenching to have put in so much time (though the game is short) into getting to know the characters that are completely irrelevant come end minus some meaningless dribble about everyone will be happy which is so arbitrary to their outcomes in the game.I really loved it until that pile they call an end (not to mention the end is so rushed compared to the entire game, probably should thank them though).  So unless you want to play up to the ending and then stop, just to spare yourself from throwing up and wanting your time back and more, pass on this.Final comment, I'm sure there will be some as always who will like the end, to them great for them.  That is said just to try to be fair."
,Recommended,417880,22414513,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,SquigM,"Amazing atmosphere, graphics and music. I love Dear Esther and other ""walking simulators"" such as The Vanishing of Ethan Carter, Gone Home, Firewatch.This game is not very interactive, but I am enjoying the intriguing story and soaking up the outstanding atmosphere so far.Right, must go.  I have many screenshots to take!"
,Recommended,417880,33733201,Posted: 22 July,all,[DBIA] Jessichuu,"What can i say about this game. I can see how People can find it boring or slow, But i believe in this case, It worked for the game. The game to me was amazing. Everything from the graphics (Even i could run it on my slow as hell computer and enjoy it) to the storylines coming together throughout the game to learn about the characters and how things played out. I will not lie, I did shed a tear ... or a lot at the end. You really feel the outpour of emotions. The true Meaning of being ""lonely"". I Intend to play it through a few more times. It's an incredible game and deffinitely worth the price to me. If you have the time to truely intake this Masterpiece, I would deffinitely go for it. You won't regret it."
,Not Recommended,417880,22711831,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,timepilot,Really wanted to like this but after an hour of wandering around and repeating the same section several times gave up. What is it with the right click and move right icon - spent 90% of the time trying to get to do something. I get the premise and wanted something different but after 3 crashes and wearing out my mouse I gave up and this became the first game I  asked for a refund on - which is a real shame as it was something different and tried to be so. Maybe it's the port  but took a punt and couldn't hack it
76561197996767378,Recommended,417880,32065635,Posted: 30 May,all,skytra7,"Ok this game divided my opionin at the first 30 mins of playing the game.  But like a slow burnng high quality mini series on BBC/HBO it starts to reward you. Found my self getting emotional about the story and the characters ultimate fates.  Great audio with regards to the ambient sounds, editing, score, and voice acting.  The visuals obviusly stand out as amazing.  Bit of a crude comparision, but reminded me a little of The Leftovers show on HBO, in terms of the way it tries to tackle the subject of lfe lived and death.  Beatifuful game in evey way but some may debate the use of the word 'game'.   Interactive story?"
,Recommended,417880,28382023,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,schtieffles,"This is a beautiful game, both visually and narratively. It's quaint and sweet, yet an incredibly interesting piece of science fiction. I would highly recommend this game to anyone who likes open world narrative games."
,Not Recommended,417880,25490771,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Igenpog,"(The tl;dr version:Everybody's Gone to the Raptureis an exquisitely beautiful but ultimately self-indulgent and tedious game that fails to satisfy.)We now know that hell is an English countryside...but let me backtrack. First there wasDear Esther, with its unindulgent, lyrical narrative that created a haunting but earnest experience, somewhere betweenShutter IslandandPale Fire. Next, there wasStanley Parable, the game that set the bar for the postmodern-first-person-exploration-game genre: there were interesting settings, clever narration, and overall Kafkaesque dread (Dr. Langeskovfinessed the concept even further). Finally, there wasGone Home, which took the genre to the logical conclusion, achieving full-bodied, emotive storytelling using all the same tools.WhileRapturehas elements of all these games, it fails more and more miserably on the whole. Calling it ""a spiritual successor"" toDear Estheris quite inaccurate (if not outright insulting...were it not made by the same studio). To be sure, this game is gorgeous. It makes the most of CryEngine and it shows the tremendously meticulous care its designers put into model and texture development. However, where its predecessors deliver a seamless experience,Raptureends up overthinking many practical aspects of gameplay, resulting in nothing less than growing exasperation.First of all,Dear Estherlet the player simply wander around, the dialogue simply ""filling in"" the environment without special participation from the player, allowing the game to be linear while maintaining the illusion of choice.Rapture, on the other hand, confuses the hell out of the player by mixing ""visions"" of the inhabitants of the abandoned village (that appear without any intervention) with the rather laborious mechanic of ""tuning"" the anomalies to produce...exactly the same kind of visions (sans the dramatic dimming of lights). Speaking of the anomaly tuning, the console-mechanics nonsense of dragging my mouse around (this makes zero sense on the PC) resulted in me turning off the ""hard-mode"" tuning almost immediately. The entire experience was also extremely repetitive.More importantly, an insufficient amount of thought was put into delivering the backstory. WhileGone Homeseamlessly turns on narration in the form of diary entries (BioShockalso does this quite well), leaving the player to roam while listening to the background story,Rapturetethers these soundbites to radios and cell phones (in the first place, how do these hold recorded messages?!), requiring the player to wait near the sound source for the dialogue between two or more ""characters"" to finish (the sound source even ""conveniently"" shuts itself off at a certain distance).The storytelling itself is disjointed; however, while this is a plus in all the aforementioned games, inRaptureit makes for a drawn-out and painfully uninteresting plotline. After the wonder of the initial few minutes, I felt no suspense whatsoever and no connection to any of the characters. This brings me to the most important point. While the aforementioned games put a lot of effort into making exploration and endless walking not only a sort of redemption of the ""walking simulator"" genre but also very interesting per se (Dear Estheraccomplished this using stunning landscapes,Gone Homedid this by allowing rich interaction with objects in the environment), almost *nothing* inRapturecan be touched or viewed, making for an extremely tedious experience precisely because the rich, beautiful environments of the game turns out to be nothing but a one-dimensional cardboard cutouts that the player cannot really interact with.As far as the overall interaction with the game, there's also something unpolished about the exploration mechanics. To wit, it's very possible to miss a key place in the first ""stage"" (that weird ball of light goes around in circles) and end up wandering around the sprawling map for a good 30 minutes (or more) in real time, looking for the next QuickTime event that would let you to proceed to the next ""stage"" (in the second ""stage"" the ball of light moves more purposefully, like an eager puppy pointing the way). The tormented player begins to wonder: Why is walking in this game so slow? Why does therunfunctionality not work? I would be able to finish the game in more than half the time (and enjoy it a whole lot more!) if I didn't have to slog through the 1980s British countryside at 5 KPH.Technical issues also abound: halfway through, the game began to throw me back to Windows every time I clicked a door and the screen began to stutter every time I clicked a radio. Clearly, playtesting was not very high on the list of priorities here. Don't get me wrong. A lot of love went into designing this game, and it's obvious that its makers are fans of a number of excellent science fiction writers (the Philip K. D!ck [seriously? Steam censors the name?] references are obvious, but I was especially delighted by the passing little references to the Strugatsky Brothers'Roadside Picnic). Having said this, the love inRaptureis terribly misdirected. This is what happens when designers are led astray by a the misguided desire to make a high-concept commercial product.I'm a patient man, but I ultimately gave up onRaptureafter 4 hours. Before you say I have too brief an attention span, I enjoyedDr. Langeskovfor 80 minutes,Dear Estherfor 108 minutes,Gone Homefor 2 hours, andThe Stanley Parablefor 6 hours. If you played any of these games, you know they do not take that long to finish; rather, it's a joy to explore the additional nooks and crannies when the main storyline is over. I'm a sucker for a good story, but this time not even that made me stick with the game. Between the narration and game mechanics, I simply became frustrated.A word of advice to the studio: give ""presence born from absence"" (to use your own words) a rest and try some presence born from presence."
76561198022172892,Recommended,417880,24503488,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Wkma,"I wanted to play this but would not buy a ps4 just for one game.Then I realised it was on pc around summer sale time, so I waited as the pc reviews were not great regards the port quality.I have to say I am impressed, I admit I had one major crash after about twenty minutes in , which was annoying , but I took a breath and started again , this time I completed the game with no other issues.A quick summary - yes it is beautiful, yes the walking speed is a wee bit slow but ok with me on the slightly quicker setting,yes it is a walking sim/ interactive film.I thought the story was good and well written, the voice acting probably the best I have come across and it kept me interested throughout. So much so that I sat through this in just two sittings.In hindsight I think it is worth full price if you enjoy this style of game, and for those moaning about it I just do not understand why you are upset, if you have not played this style before then you now know it's not for you , don't pretend you have never spent money on a game you haven't enjoyed before."
,Not Recommended,417880,29651626,Posted: 2 February,all,BigWookie,"I suspect there is a really great game hiding in here somewhere.  It certainly looks and sounds the part.  However, it really is a drag to play...I don't like the way story events are triggered.  It is often easy to miss things, which means you spend a lot of time playing with a nagging suspicion you have missed content you would be interested in seeing.  The orb thing that is supposed to guide you through events can go AWOL at times leaving you feeling confused about what to do next.The approach to save games in a pain as autosave is the only option. This can leave you repeating yourself if you need to end a play session at an inopportune moment.  I tend only to be able to play in small chunks of time and have lost 10+ minutes of progress on multiple occasions.  This isn't the sort of game where challenge can be circumvented by spamming manual saves so it is hard to understand why there is not a manual save option.Finally, as mentioned elsewhere, the slow pace of character movement is a problem (even when ""sprinting""). It is a problem in and of itself, but it also makes the other issues I have mentioned worse (re-treading is bad, re-treading at a snail's pace is even worse).Ultimately a frustrating experience for me."
,Recommended,417880,32744870,Posted: 24 June,all,[NSS] The Butcher,"A pretty unique experience.  Visually stunning, the level of detail is just nuts.  Interesting story and excellent soundtrack.Protip that took me too long to figure out:  when you do want to sprint, hold the key, and you slowly come up to speed.  So used to it being an instant thing I thought it was broken!"
76561198111196803,Not Recommended,417880,22693958,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Ðąniel,"Game looks promising, but for those who still play at 1080p resolution. However, those of us who moved up the technological ladder is a pain to play with a chopped screen due to the incompatibilty of higher resolutions."
76561198051378012,Recommended,417880,22952976,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Charlie Big Potato,"I want to like, even love this game but Im not sure whether to recommend this game or not because of 1 deliberate fact...  THIS game is too slow to be called a ""Walking simulator"" ..  seriously ive seen continents drift quicker !  There is a ""RUN"" button but its actually a brisk walk pace and it doesn't work most of the time.  I was frustrated because this is deliberate on the part of the developers and its absolutely unessessary.  The steam achievements are less than ambitious..  one is ""wrong number""  waiting for a phone call !!! I WAS WAITING to GET to the PHONE.But besides this and the lack of interaction of most things that resemble a game, here are the PROS :-Very good story and voice actingGreat music and atmosphereStunning graphics but stutterBeautiful location / map.The game is short, took me 7 hours to finish because 1 hour was cleaning up the hair i pulled out !  but i did enjoy it.  I recommend this game when its on sale for $10."
76561198054409825,Not Recommended,417880,22719340,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Sarastix,"I found the game really disappointing.  While it sure looks and sounds absolutely beautiful, the story and gameplay parts just didn’t work at all for me.The biggest problem I had with the storytelling, was that at no point did I care for any of the villagers or what happened to them. You get a pretty good idea what has happed during the first minutes of the game, the rest is the game trying to tell you through the individual character storylines why and how things happened. For me these storylines felt completely bland.When it comes to gameplay, in a nutshell it consists of you as a bodiless camera floating around triggering various cut scenes. This could work fine if the story was interesting, but in this case is further hampered by the camera movement speed (or the lack of it) and the run button, which seemed to work randomly and even when working didn’t really help that much. This just felt so frustrating and stopped me from really exploring around.So, in the end I kept playing only to reach the end and be done with the game, and even the ending managed to disappoint somewhat, as it didn’t really add that much to the story."
,Recommended,417880,25175677,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,PRVN,"I wasn't too sure about this game at first.Here's a warning to everyone: it's not a fast paced game. It's more like a slowly unfolding book than anything.If that sounds interesting to you, then you might very well enjoy this game. If the idea of a very slow game doesn't appeal to you, then don't buy it. For me, between the music, environments, and the story, I was enthralled during my entire experience. I plan on playing through a second time in the future."
76561198026362756,Recommended,417880,29048641,Posted: 5 January,all,Angfucious,"This is truly a beautiful and very involved story.  While you see snippets of different people around town, the main character stories involved Father Jeremy, Wendy, Frank, Lizzie, Stephen, and Kate.  I don't want to say anymore about the story as it is something to experience on your own, but there are a few cautions.1.  If you are an achievement hunter and very impatient, you will probably get frustrated with this game.  It took me quite a bit to get all the achievements, and some of them were agonizingly ssslllloooowwww.2.  Your game only gets saved after motion control events.  So if you have been roaming around for an hour and feel like taking a break, best to leave the game running.  Which brings me to...3.  The end scene (when you arrive in the dark room with the table and tape recorder), refrain from doing shift+tab or alt+tab.  I did this a couple times in the same spot to make sure, and I crashed every time.  And in order to get ""The End"" achievement, you have to watch all the way through... even the credits.  So unless you want to redo the slow observatory events over and over, leave those keys alone.Apart from those few things (and the painfully slow walk), if you can hack it through those, you are in for one helluva story."
,Not Recommended,417880,24374935,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,SpaceCouncil,"Teal DeerDevelopers:The Chinese Room, SCE Santa Monica StudioPublishers:SCE, MicrosoftInitial release:Aug 2015Genre:Walking Simulator#Worth/NotWorth:#NotSoMuchExposition, Concurrence and SummationOverall I don't think this game is worth it, I am not saying its bad. I'm saying it isn't worth the time.I'd like to give a sideways thumb or middling score but that is not available.Here are the quick reasons why I say skip itThe walking speed is atrociously slowAside from that slow player movement speed, the game moves at a very slow pace regardlessI'm not against games being pretentious at the expense of them actually making a pointThe ending is not satisfyingThe “mystery” and main plot thread is not even the most interesting thingThey don't explain “you” other than meeting the requirement for a plot deviceNow I'll explain a bit moreIts not that it's a walking simulator and has minimal interaction with the world. It's that the movement speed is SO slow that it actively discourages exploration of the environment. There are radios and phones all over that give further exposition but you have to make a decision, even if you can already can see the destination; to take the arduous and sluggish journey over there to hear what is essentially an audio tape or to go on ahead to what is presumably the next section of story.The game at the start has a decent mystery, it's enough to push you through as well as learning the characters and what happened in the events leading up to what led to them not being there anymore. But the ending, I felt personally is a cop out and cheapens the rest of the experience. Like I said, I don't mind someone being pretentious if at the end of their attitude they make a bold, profound statement that is actually thought provoking. I feel like this game is pulling on some strings that a certain type of person is unfamiliar in dealing with and feel like they're supposed to take something away when there is nothing being said.The characters themselves and how they dealt with what was happening is vastly more interesting then why they inevitably “disappeared”. In a world of fictional story telling I feel like a writer can and SHOULD take some liberties and explain some of things they allude to; It's the one place you're allowed to. Rather than bathe in ambiguity and feign profundity. These walking sims that walk the line right next to the edge of thought and ask questions about existentialism should actually try to answer them; even if it's only within the fictional world they have created. Adopted from the real world (any) small village in England, likely from some time during the 1980's. Take the ideas put forth and to be overtly referential, shed some light on the ordeal.I did find the soundtrack to be very fitting and extremely well done. One of the saving graces.THE GISTA slow paced walking simulator that starts out just fine but ultimately ends in ambiguity; I should say in the bigger picture as the specific characters most assuredly express their finality. The voice acting is great and very enjoyable to listen to if only I didn't have to walk through sludge to get there. I wanted to like this game but it left me feeling empty.Follow my curation for more"
76561198017097961,Recommended,417880,27071532,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ltfisher,"I didn't expect to but I loved this game. It is not action packed. It involves little interaction. Yet it tells a beautiful story. It is a heart wrenching and wonderfully created game. The views are spectacular and the attention to detail incredible. This game will not be for everybody, it is not a fast paced action shooter. It is a wonderful story that I loved and will replay again and again."
,Recommended,417880,23784395,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Valentine ∆,"The only way to describe this game is 'different'. There's no people, no combat, no dialogue. Nothing a conventional game would have. You wake up at the base of an Observatory in a small British village and you slowly wander around the valley, learning the stories of the people there and learning the truth of why no one is around. The story is non-linear and there's different paths around the valley to get to different areas so you don't have to just follow the main road(s). Makes for extremely good screenshots as well.10/10"
76561198054582889,Recommended,417880,26636628,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,DWM,Graphics 10/10 (Incredible good)Music 8/10 (emotional music)Story 5/10  (Why are  are so many obsessed with the end of mankind?)Walksimulator....  Nature outside is still better.
,Recommended,417880,30176521,Posted: 25 February,all,operaticus,"I was looking for a game that could exercise my graphics card and immerse me in another place and time without requiring a lot of ""twitch"" skill. This game really fit the bill, but the story pulled me in much more than I anticipated, haunting me for weeks after I played through it. The interwoven threads of hope and despair create a tapestry of both devastation and beauty. It's not a fast-paced, nor challenging game, but I recommend it as an experience."
,Recommended,417880,27564170,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,greyseal,"I know this game is a polarizing affair, and that's fine. I don't expect that everybody would like it, and you need to know what kind of player you are before getting involved. But this is easily one of my favorite experiences of the last few years, and if you have even the slightest inkling that you might enjoy it, I think it's worth trying.It's basically a story told out of order. You wander a recently abandoned British town, occasionally triggering spectral echoes of conversations and events that happened there. The larger story of what, exactly, happened is actually less interesting than piecing together the daily lives of the people who lived there. Seeing these people interact and watching their stories play out in a swirl of light is surprisingly satisfying (although you may want to keep subtitles on so it's easier to keep track of who is speaking).The game has earned its share of criticism, sometimes rightly. The walking pace is excruciatingly slow, and the ""run"" button does so little that it almost feels like it's teasing you for pressing it. I understand that the developer wanted to maintain the right sense of pacing, but there must have been a better way to accomplish that goal than putting you in lead shoes. And the game (gorgeous as it is) is poorly optimized on PC, running choppy even on poweful hardware.But I don't feel inclined to rate this one on such technical merits. I've returned to Shropshire every few months since I first played this game, and I always look forward to going back again. It doesn't feel like a game I played. It feels like a place I visited and people I knew. And that's pretty incredible.And if it's any extra incentive, the musical score by Jessica Curry is divine, and in ways you aren't expecting. To this day, I listen to it several times a week. It's that good.Critics of this game aren't wrong. But neither are those who love it."
,Recommended,417880,33959256,Posted: 1 August,all,GoldClassGaming,"Initially I took issue with the same things everyone else did. You walked and clicked things and that's it. However I quickly found myself enthralled by the game. Calling it a ""story"" is an insult to the masterpiece of a narrative that is told to you so powerfully that I on multiple occasions found myself close to tears.I finished this game in just over 3 hours, however those were some of the most powerful and emotionally moving 3 hours I have ever spent playing video games."
76561198002424639,Recommended,417880,25025735,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,crushhawk,"Man, what a wild ride. Definitely a different type of game but I was hooked and intrigued off the start. Definitely worth it."
,Recommended,417880,31232403,Posted: 19 April,all,dukes_2k,"I love this game, it creates a beautiful atmosphere which was a joy to immerse myself in. The story, beautiful world and soundtrack combine to make an emotionally compelling experience. The game drew me in so much that as I walked past washing on a line in someone’s back garden I could smell freshly laundered sheets drying in the summer air."
,Recommended,417880,34273009,Posted: 16 August,all,Seaniemaurice,"Full review here -https://youtu.be/df7K9bL4N78This game is not for everyone. This is a slow paced walking sim, talking place in a small country village. But that's what makes the game so brilliant. The writing in Everybody has Gone to the Rapture is what makes it so brilliant. Whilst being a marvel to look at, the games script and the voice actors behind them truly delivery on a set of intriguing, yet harrowing stories.I don't like Dear Esther, I really don't. I was very hesitant to play this game, but I can honestly say by time with it was really worth it. It's a beautiful game and I will be recommending it to anyone that likes walking simulators."
76561198047177304,Recommended,417880,24883925,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,russellbutterfield1966,"For those who enjoy something different from the usual killing and blowing up things in games, this is a beautiful, well thought out game, with the most amazing in game music and graphics I have ever seen and heard in a game, an awful lot of attention to detail has gone into this, even though there is really not a huge amount to do, but explore and take in the storyline, the ambience of the game is very enchanting, the acting is brilliant. This is the first time I have seen this type of game, I did actually see this on the BBC News iPhone app and forgot what it was called until the other day. Im glad I bought it, its something different, and from a different perspective this game does work. For those into something unusual and mesmerising this is for you, for the RPG, Action etc, etc player....forget it!!!!!!.For the developers who made this, I have one word too say!!!!!! ""MORE!!!!!!"".Thank you. :-D"
76561198139800922,Not Recommended,417880,31474740,Posted: 30 April,all,Farty DongSpice,"I'd give this 5/10. I'd recommend you read any kind of FAQ you can before starting this game and learn how to save. That being said, saving is few and far between. I actually never was able to save my game once. Also, was never able to get the run button to work even after changing controls. So... lots of low speed walking.I got stuck near the end, followed walkthroughs and found a spot in the plot that just plain broke (story didn't activate). So... unable to save and unable to proceed, I just quit the game and will watch a walkthrough online. Started to watch the ending, seems pretty good.The story really comes together at the end, but it takes awhile to get there."
76561198166391375,Recommended,417880,26079976,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,jeffmaher71,"Wow!!  Everybody's Gone to the Rapture is stunning,  I can't really call it a game but more of an experience, so its not going to apeal to everyone.  The graphics of the village is beautiful and the soundtrack made me quite emotional as well as the story.  I'm glad I purchased it."
76561198183752902,Recommended,417880,24185151,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,andimate,"I absolutely recommand this game. Exploring the map, finding out what has happened is very ejoyable especially if you pay attention to all the little details. So be sure to take your time. This game is a piece of art and I cannot understand why it got such a negative rating. I'd definitely buy it again."
76561198006933199,Not Recommended,417880,24685560,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Akim,"What the heck wus I just playing?Ok, first off the good. The landscape looks wonderful. That's it. Honestly.Yes there are bits of some story, personal drama in the lives of people. But you can't change it, influence it, reverse it, nothing. You just witness something that unchangingly happend and you have zilch influence on the ending or on anything. The world is full of stuff, which none it you can touch or use, with the exceptions of radios and telephones which give short messages. So you just passively hear a story of stuff that happened to people, none of which gets resolved.I don't want to spoil the ending, but I can say that the ending didn't make any sense unless you like hippie new age crap. No solution, no tangible effect of you being there. It seems to be nice at first, but it drags on and on and it was way too much like a Christian-Hippie-Kumbaya PR in my face for me to like it.I really prefer games where I bloody actually DO stuff and make at least SOME change to this or that side."
76561198115106289,Recommended,417880,31904136,Posted: 22 May,all,Yaki Senpai,"I honestly really enjoyed this game. I agree that the game could of been shorter. After 4-5 hours of walking I started getting tired and wanted to get to the end, but don't let this discourage you. The little stories of the villagers as you play along is sweet and tragic. The game has absolutely crazy graphics.Overall, I enjoyed it quite a bit!"
,Recommended,417880,31987103,Posted: 26 May,all,eltee,"(8/10)A meditative walker punctuated with some pretty interesting story moments.  It will take a while to figure out what to do and how things work, and why things are, in general.  Once you begin to get 'the hang of it' though it starts to slide into place as an interesting sci/fi type mystery.The world is beautiful, and that is a good thing because you will be spending a lot of time in it.  This is one of the first true 'walking simulators' in that you are roughly going to be exploring the whole thing at what even at full 'run' pace is something like a leisurely stroll.Its actually not that bad unless you miss something and have to back-track significantly, where it can be come a bit more painful, though there are little near hidden short-cuts around to make it slightly easier at least.Really the seller here is the story and the mystery of it all, and watching the drama of the last day or so play out through the remianing apparitions of what used to be a little english town."
76561198067248388,Not Recommended,417880,22444290,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,FireChair,After playing an hour and a half of this game the only thing I want to do is shoot whoever thought it was a good idea to not include a run button in a game about exploring.
,Recommended,417880,25387167,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Erik Cheetah,"A very beautiful and very sad journey through the lives of average people in a small English village. This game is a study in tragedy. It is pure story, with the player having no impact on the world or its events. The atmosphere of mystery is expertly built up through incredible voice acting and an intriguing plot. The ending is rather disappointing, but this is still a worthwhile purchase for everything until the last chapter. Make sure to turn on subtitles so you can tell who's talking and better follow the story.PROS:* The voice acting is the highlight of the game, completely believable, to the point that some dialogue is difficult to hear. Through ""memories"" of conversations the player triggers, you'll learn about the people in the valley and what their lives were like.* Visually dazzling and atmospheric. Walking around the village and forests alone is an experience worth the purchase price.* The sense of place is very well done. The village is a place frozen in time. Laundry blows gently in the wind, doors are left ajar, picnics abandoned, a book and cup of tea left on a table outdoors. It all underscores the fact that no one is here, spurring the player on to uncover more of the story.* Lush sound design.* The background music is haunting and adds to the atmosphere.* The story is intriguing. Tension and mystery are built slowly. The first chapters of the game are stronger in this regard than later, and especially the ending, which is touched on (without spoilers) in ""cons"".CONS:* This game is tragedy heaped upon tragedy. The tone does not change from start to finish, and the characters do not evolve or experience any resolution from their predicaments. The story is mostly centered around a few days or weeks (it isn't clear) so this isn't too surprising, but without any break in how miserable everyone is, it begins to lose some of its impact. Almost every conversation is an argument.* The otherwise atmospheric music becomes very loud and intrusive at peak moments in the story. It's as though the game is saying ""now it's time to have an emotional response."" The voice acting alone would have carried these parts, but instead, we have a choir rushing in while the orchestra swells. It makes the sadness of the game veer into the melodramatic.* This game is a story, pure and simple. Aside from opening/closing barriers and activating some appliances like radios or phones to get more of the story, 99% of this game is walking around, triggering conversations. Whether this is a con or not depends on the player. Just understand what you're in for as far as an experience.* As mentioned by others, your character walks INCREDIBLY slowly. Bring plenty of patience.* There is little to no replay value. The story is delivered on rails, where you activate conversations and scenes, albeit in whatever order you want per chapter.* The ending. The game has two layers: the daily lives of the people involved, and the mystery of what the Pattern is, what its effects are, and how different people handle it. The ending takes the ingredients of the game and tries to make them into something that felt unrelated, becoming vague and philosophical. The result is a confusing ending that does not tell us much more about the Pattern, or the most mysterious person in the story, Kate. I didn't personally find it ""new age"" or ""insulting"", but after so much sadness in this game, the ending did not really speak to the story it was telling. The characters and the player get no release."
,Recommended,417880,34788752,Posted: 6 September,all,skiesbleed,"Everybody's Gone to the Rapture is something special. It's a lonely journey, but one that radiates beauty. Few games have moved me like this."
,Not Recommended,417880,30645112,Posted: 20 March,all,prozakk,"I was a big fan of DEAR ESTHER and looked forward to playing EVERYBODY GONE TO THE RAPTURE. However, I have to say that I left the game disappointted. The musical soundtrack is absolutely outstanding and the visuals are particularly gorgeous. However, considering that this game is mostly an interactive story, the game is rather lacking in the story and especially interactivity. If anything, this feels like a step back for the Chineese Room. Save your money and play the Vanishing of Ethan Carter instead."
76561198057750519,Recommended,417880,22417651,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Xamalion,"Yes, it is another Walking Simulator, but a really beautiful and mysterious one. Fans of Dear Esther or Gone Home will have a lot of fun. There's plenty to explore, the world has its borders but is quite open to explore it through different and hidden paths. The graphics are stunning and the soundtrack is a masterpiece. The interludes between the ""chapters"" (no loading screens) are some of the best I've ever seen, goosebumps guaranteed."
,Recommended,417880,23773721,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,quixoticaxis,"This game is great. It gives off the same feeling as reading ""Death is a Lonely Business"" by Ray Bradbury. Although the game has some technical shortcomings, I totally do recommend it.P.s. (after reading reviews on Steam) There are a lot of great games/films/books out there targeted at completely different people. It seems like a lot of Steam users who bought this game were not aware of what they were buying."
,Recommended,417880,23456498,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Blake Eros,"An incredibly delightful game with wonderful visuals and a thought provoking story.The game gives a glimpse of the lives of a few townsfolk in rural England as they undergo their own localised (or not...) apocalypse. Despite the ominous overtones of the game it is very serene and pleasant, a refreshing respite from the chaos and fast paced action of many of today's games."
76561197981990028,Not Recommended,417880,22506554,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,gringopig,"A real failure of promise.What I thought was going to be a thoughtful and unusual game just turned out to be a slow plodding trudge through a confused mess of disembodied dialogue with a frametime pacing on my system that lead to a migraine inducing growing sense of frustration. You can't get a sense of characterisation from a series of glowing dots and I lost any sense of who was what and any flow of plot. There was some pseudo religious babble along the way and the score added to this sense of some god botherer trying to slip into the game some grotty religionist worldview; gave me a greasy feeling.To top it all after the less than overwhelming ending - witness the gaming world's most annoying unskippable title sequence, during which the music stops at the half way mark and you get to stare dolefully at the dozen or so Taiwanese 'Foley Pullers' names for almost as long as the game took to drag through.Really woeful."
,Recommended,417880,24215942,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,2dgamemania,"I'll keep this short, graphics are amazing, makes it a pleasure to play.  Music really adds to the mood of the game.  The voice acting is really good (not being byist as i'm welsh).  The story is good but I feel there could have been more twists and turns to the story but its ok.   It kept my interest up and completed the game, I would recommend it.  Maybe not for everyone as the movement of your character is quite slow but if you can get over this and try and enjoy the game for what it is, you'll probably be glad you got it.  Hopefully they will make another like this :)Feel free to have a look at my proflie for some of the screenshots I took while playing through."
76561197966933595,Recommended,417880,24257489,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Bonks,"Very nice visuals. Sountrack a bit cheesy but fits with the whole end-of-the-world thing.Slow movement, but I think it works. Forces you to soak in the experience.Very good voice acting.All in, a short but worthwhile experience from some of the most talented developers out there."
,Recommended,417880,30352341,Posted: 6 March,all,chimera116,"Jessica Curry owes me a box of Kleenex, but I love her for it.  I got such a great vibe from this game, reminding me of wandering around in the woods when I was a kid, and at the same time, making my heart break for the people of this county.  In particular, the Appleton Farms storyline made me want to hold my grandpa tight again."
,Recommended,417880,25386635,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Cheynio,"I was frustrated half way into this game. Rural Shropshire is stunning and the writing and acting are superb, but the 1 mph walking speed ruined it for me.I had not realised that you run by holding down the shift key for several seconds, it's not an instant sprint. In the end I followed the instructions at the PC Gaming Wiki and downloaded an app called Cheat Engine that let me sprint at three times speed by pressing shift. Once I did this the game became bearable.The game is more work than it should be, but the powerful ending makes up for the earlier frustrations.It's an emotional, sophisticated piece of art. Reminded me of a Radio 4 play, although sometimes it came close to The Archers. Definitely worth perservering with, but they really should fix the running speed."
,Not Recommended,417880,34513649,Posted: 26 August,all,FarewellVHS,"I have mixed feelings here. I bought the game, hated how slow the walking speed was and got a refund. But the mystery of the story stuck with me so I bought it again. I've played it on and off for a few hours while never completing the game. It's basically just about the relationships between people in a small town. How things don't go the way we imagine. And how these normal people react to unknown happenings alongside a scientist trying to make sense of it all. I was still frustrated with how slow moving everything is, the walking speed and story progression, that I finally just deleted it. Even watching the finale online, it's not really a satisfying game and begs the question of why it's a game at all comapred to a short Black Mirror style TV show or something like that. Maybe animated and captured in the 3D world they built here in fact."
76561198186687721,Recommended,417880,30657593,Posted: 21 March,all,markhewitt1,"I started playing this game for free with my Playstation Plus subscription, but I enjoyed the game so much I purchased it on Steam to enjoy the game at maxiumum fidelity.It is true that the jouney is better than the destination, and the journey in this game really got under my skin.  It made me pine for an England that probably does not exist anymore.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,417880,30088433,Posted: 21 February,all,Koltiwa,"Beautiful, well written and fine voice acting.  You care about the characters in the story and you want to find out what happens.  Oh and one of the best soundtracks I've heard."
,Recommended,417880,29575467,Posted: 29 January,all,Mark Mavel,"This game plays out very slowly. I wish there was more to the story and I wish the walk cycle was just a little bit faster. Everything is just a little bit too slow and it doesn't save often enough. I find myself wanting to stop in the middle of a chapter and not being able to because there wasn't an auto save recently.That said, this game is beautiful. Anybody that can appreciate a game as art should pick this title up. It could be improved but it's definitely a hidden gem."
,Recommended,417880,29840099,Posted: 10 February,all,kmillarmck2201,"I adore this game. If you like a rich storyline with lots of side characters, gorgeous scenery, and an amazing soundtrack, this is the game for you. It is a little slow paced, but worth it if you explore thoroughly to figure out the whole story. I'll be playing this again and again."
,Recommended,417880,26873554,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Vulle,"Good game, with a interesting story. If you like walking simulators, you will enjoy this game. It got fantastic environments, and great sound, and there's a lot to explore."
,Recommended,417880,34475738,Posted: 25 August,all,itburnb,"A classic walking simulator with barely any interaction.  What's different about it is that you walk extremely slow and that the world is somewhat open.  The slow speed is very frustrating, but it's clearly meant to have you pay attention to the surroundings which are beautiful, if you have a powerful computer.  The story is interesting, but I was wishing for something more.  Overall, it's a worthwhile experience, but it could be more... fun.  I wouldn't pay more than 10$ for this."
,Recommended,417880,25455271,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,ADM. Neckbeard,This is a beautiful game with an amazing story. I can't recommend this enough!
,Recommended,417880,30357830,Posted: 6 March,all,cbtlr,"Look, you're going to love this game or you're going to hate it. The number of users who bought this game and expected something different after even remotely glossing over the store page is somewhat of a surprise.Despite not being my cup of tea when it comes to gaming - I purchased this game because I know the non linear narrative genre has incredible potential, but has yet to be executed effectively.  I can confidently say that Everybody's Gone to the Rapture is the closest thing we have to an effective implementation of the genre. The non linear aspect as opposed to hobbling the experience encourages the player onward, and increases replayability even after you complete the game.Like a good novel, I could not put it down - Encouraged by both the musical score and the story itself - I wanted to keep moving, keep learning, keep experiencing. I wanted to see what happened next. The environment, the people, and how they intertwine together to create an overall story for this game is so organic and complicated, so authentic, and thanks to the power of the Cry Engine, so damn beautiful and believable.  You can jog by holding down the right trigger on your controller, and while it's not fast enough for people who don't care for these games to begin with, I only found myself using it sometimes - simply taking it all in and thinking about everything between interactions.I experienced no hardware or software issues, but to be fair, I have a rig that can do the engine justice on maximum settings.  If these kind of games are something you're interested in, or if you want to see their potential, please check out this game."
,Not Recommended,417880,24149984,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,LIKEUCARE,"TL;DR:Visually stunning game with impressive soundtrack. However, the slow-@$$ pace of the game is above ridiculous. Granted this is a ""Walking Simulator"" but that's more like a snail-pace walking simulator. The gameworld is either way too big or could benefit from a faster ""walking/running"" speed. Anyhoo, a walking simulator shouldn't be +5 Hours long to finish but at least, this game did fixed my latest insomnia for real! (fell asleep a few times during gameplay).So, truly marvelous visuals in this game. CryEngine put to work and it shows! Gameplay-wise, you don't have much to do besides ""walking slowly"" to places, investigating what happened to this supposedly end of the world scenario. If you do intend to play this game, here's a few tips to make the experience better... FOLLOW THE FLYING YELLOW ORB! That thing basically tells you where to go and unfold more of the story. Another tip... when you see stationnary yellow orb, you have to slide the mouse from left to right until you hear somekind of synchronization sound. Then some backstory is played out. The reason I'm writing that is because it is never told in the game. Nothing much is explained in this game anyway!PROS:+Stunning visuals (lots of details in the areas, vistas & sceneries).+Since it is a CryEngine based game, good support for 21:9 ratio and 3440 x 1440p.+Decent music and voice acting.+Fixed my insomnia!CONS:-Steep price for a walking simulator... get it on a price drop or Steam sale!-WAY TOO LONG for a walking simulator!-SLOW-@$$ pace... even for the ""running function""!-No explanation in the game for what you HAVE to do and how to trigger the stationnary yellow orbs properly.-Vast EMPTY world!-Exploration serves little to no purpose besides getting achievements (if that's your thing!).-Story is quite weird and not that interesting.-Crappy ending!- Unskippable ending credits... annoying!RECOMMENDATION:Honestly, you really have to like walking simulators or you'll just end up refunding this game right away! But even for a walking simulator, this game is way too flawed to be properly enjoyed. If you're still interested in this title, you better consider getting it on a great sale!"
,Not Recommended,417880,26016811,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,13xforever,"First of all, this is not even a walking simulator. You're crawling the whole time, with your feet bound by the chains with 50 kg weights.Then there's the story. You can safely walk to the very end, triggering a couple of auto sequences, and you'll still figure out the ending long before everything is said and done.The story is boring, the ""action"" points are far and wide in between, and, unbelievably, the ending is even more meh than you might anticipate. You'll be bored 80% of the time, guaranteed.And even though the achievemnts for this game are easy, you most probably won't even bother to restart the game to get them.The only two things that good about this experience are glass shaders and music.Seriously, get something like The Vanishing of Ethan Carter, you'll have MUCH better time."
,Recommended,417880,24440816,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,[Jon] Flaky,"When I found the game on Steam I was bewildered since I could see a great game on pictures but an awful game on reviews. Why wouldn't I give it a try then? So I did. Let me say first I enjoy popping every achievement on walking simulators. And that's exactly what happened. I TRULY loved this game. Visuals and atmosphere are stunning. Many options to reach multiple destinations with nothing to be done first. You just walk and do as you like. Characters? They are light orbs and you feel them as real as if you could see them (good job there). Is it real that its speed is slow? Yes it is... but when you read a book... Do you complain because it is 700 pages long? Don't have time... then don't read it!Anyway, this is just my opinion. I would give this game 9/10. Grab it while on sale if you're doubtful as I was."
,Recommended,417880,24385874,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,SoHysterical,"This is a game for those who like intricate stories, and are very open to interpretation.Don't go into this game expecting anything, not religion or anything like that (dispite the word rapture being in the title)This is a game that you want to be dropped into with no previous information, because the story picks up pretty quickly, and is very interwoven.There are a few things that I have disliked about this game though1. THE FREAKING WALKING SPEED. I UNDERSTAND THEY SLOWED IT DOWN SO YOU DON'T SPEED THROUGH AREAS, BUT COME ON MAN2. The inaccesibility of some things. I found myself having to find other ways around things, just because there was a locked gate or something like that, or not being able to explore a room because the door is locked.A few things that I LOVED though are1. The graphics are absolutely STUNNING2. The story is very detailed and makes you really pay attention3. There isn't one set meaning to the ending, you come up with the meaning for yourself4. The expansive world5. The characters are surprisingly loveable for not having a face6. Everyone has their own story and personality7. Did I say the graphics are amazing?8. Oh yeah, the visuals are absolutely gorgeousOverall score: 8/10"
76561198032116993,Recommended,417880,30234201,Posted: 27 February,all,gadman85,"This is a good game.  It is a walking simulator so don't expect a lot of action.  I found the story interesting and enjoyed exploring.  I am glad they had a run button though, because you walk really slow in the game.  I didn't mind the slow pace when I wasn't backtracking because I liked to wander off the path and such.  I got this game and played it in 1080p HD for the first half then I took a break from it because of things going on at the time, and when I came back with a 4k monitor I was blown away by its beauty again.There is a lot of side stuff that adds to the story that you have to look for a little and it would be easy to get lost.  However, they have a game mechanic that helps you get back on track when you need it.  The voice acting is really well done.  The environment is really beautiful and I found myself thinking I would love to live in place like it at times.  The music when it is there is really beautiful as well.  The visuals in the game are stunning.The story is really good.  I found it a little chilling at times in a good way.  I also got fairly well wrapped up in it too which I liked.  I don't think it has much replay value unless you want to experience the story again or if you go achivement hunting.  I was perfectly happy with just my one playthrough of the game and felt it was worth the money."
,Recommended,417880,25022187,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,nikomedes,"I bought this a while back and just got around to playing, and let me say first and foremost: this game is a work of art. The visuals are fantastic down to the tiniest detail, the audio design is just... it's indescribably good, the story and characters are rich even in snippets... This game isn't for people who crave action, adventure, or moving above a slow walk, but what it IS is a fantastic example of non-linear storytelling at its finest. I absolutely recommend it, especially if you can carve out a few hours to just relax and completely take the game in."
,Recommended,417880,30108926,Posted: 22 February,all,o⠀n⠀e,"1. This gorgeously hyperrealistic walk through a kinda Stephen King's story is all aboutlove.2. If you rush through it you will only notice that it is about a person who walks very, very, very... oh, scratch that. You cannot rush through this game :) Go back to 1."
,Recommended,417880,29539180,Posted: 28 January,all,Kitty,"Wonderful, beautiful game.  Worth every penny.  The only suggestion I could give is to give the player the ability to walk faster.Make sure you check the message boards on options to save at maps and how to make interaction with the orbs easier.  I originally posted a very negative review but after these two issues were sorted out it was just a lovely experience.  I can't wait to try Dear Esther now."
,Recommended,417880,24066180,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,bloomtodecay,"A beautifully crafted experience, with deal breaking gameplay.I purchased EGTTR during the Steam Summer Sale, it peaked my interest when I saw that it came out for PS4 and I was waiting for the right price to take the plunge, £10 I thought was fair.Gameplay:Like Dear Esther, the title I first played from The Chinese Room, EGTTR is a 'walking simulator' with minor puzzle elements. If you are looking for deep, challenging experience, than thiswill disappoint you. The walking portion of this experience is at a snail's pace. If you are playing with a controller especially it'll either have you reaching for duct tape to secure the analog stick forward, or the alt+f4 shortcut. If you are familiar with cheat engine, I would recommend upping the speed, 'cause the vanilla movement speed really makes the game feel like running through mud. I also felt that the camera height was very low, I felt like I had the perspective of a child. Movement aside, the save/checkpoint system is awful, at least the game is kind enough to tell you when your last game save was so you can decide whether to play on or hit quit. I hoped for more interaction with objects in the world, but that felt very limited.Story:It is based in the 1980s as you explore a small English village whose inhabitants have disappeared. There are more or less 6 chapters in the game and once the world loads, it 'feels' like you can go anywhere between those chapters. The story is a bit obtuse, but it becomes more clear towards the latter half.Graphics:Beautifully lit, textured and composited with the help of CryEngine. The entire world feels so familiar and nostalgic. I played this at 4K locked at 30fps, since there are no twitch reactions required, and it handled that well. You'll see the same handful of car models, books, magazines and enormous tennis balls.. but that's all minor stuff you wouldn't really notice unless you focus on it. The PBR shaders really make the world look so realistic and the weather effects really look fantastic. I noticed some areas appeared to not have any ambient occlusion, but again, minor issue.Music:Wonderful audio queues and voice acting. The soundtrack is so melancholy and fitting for this lonely experience. Sound effects keep you on your toes as well, walking through a forest or church alone is always creepy in game or in real life.The Bottom Line:For the right price and with a cheat engine mod to increase the walking speed, I can recommend this experience as a fan of 'walking simulators'. They are like interactive audio books for me, and as someone who loves taking screen shots of beautiful worlds too, it nails those two things for me personally. If you are uncomfortable with using cheat engine to increase the speed and looking for a challenge, this experience is not for you.  I can imagine the super slow pacing being a deal breaker. Especially with the awful checkpoint system."
76561197972729524,Recommended,417880,28579394,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Perus_TC,"If I was going to try to put this in simple terms I would compare this to INFRA as far as the excellence that went into almost every phase of this production.The story and delivery of same is moving and makes you ask questions that you just might not want the answers to.The graphics are very good considering it's a port and the music is OUTSTANDING!There are subtle nuances to this ""game""that will befuddle you and at the same time encourage,enlighten,and challenge you to think and feel.I found myself weeping more than most people would admit(I frankly don't givea....)and heartily recommend this work of art to anyone who is introspective enough to enjoy this type of genre.Hats off to ALL the people in this Dev team and to the farsighted individuals that recognized it's value to PC Gamers.10\10"
76561198092295417,Not Recommended,417880,29135022,Posted: 8 January,all,Jeffers013,"Let me start off by saying the scenery and music in this game are fantastic. However, these game aspects alone are not the benchmark I hold a recommened game to.1. The story here is lackluster. It did not leave me satisfied. Not even the subplot got me really interested.2. The speed at which the character moves is extremely frustrating. I'm talking snail's pace. Plus when you enter a building you slow down even more! Note for those who do play there is a run mechanic. From what I hear it does not help much, but figure it out before you play.3. While details are fantastic you will see many assets used over and over. Many buildings are laid out the same. Every person has the same exact shed out back with exactly the same things in them. I know this is a bit nit-picky but it started to get on my nerves.4. Lack of settings options. I am noting a few things here I would have expected. No sensitivity controls as well as no brightness settings. This was frustrating as the game can get very very dark at times."
,Not Recommended,417880,24458322,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,ΤΣΠΠΘ,"A quaint, empty village lies before you, it's inhabitants gone, the shattered echoes of their final hours transmitting across the serene countryside; remnants of a profound calamity. Determined to uncover the mystery as quickly as possible, you cast out fear, strengthen your resolve, fall down and crawl the dirt on your hands and knees. The Chinese Room offer players an expansive and detailed English town to explore, brimming with interactive elements and surmounted with stunning visuals, talented voice-work and a poignant soundtrack. This potential is then taken by the same hand that created it, and pulverized. The story isn't particularly interesting and its conclusion is underwhelming at best, sadly, this is far from the game's biggest problem. The exploration and almost the entire experience is ruined by the unbelievably slow pace your character walks at. Whoever implemented and approved this along with any person that playtested it and found the speed acceptable need to be immediately fired, or at least have a stern talking to. A masterclass in how to destroy an open, narrative-driven game and annoy everyone who plays it.Everybody's gone to play a different game.5/10"
,Recommended,417880,24583957,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Ziltoid Le Muet,"https://youtu.be/_nibw0yQjA4Il y a des jeux que nous avons du mal à appeler « jeux».Est-ce que ce sont de mauvais jeux pour autant ? Attendez, je viens de dire que ce n’est pas un jeu… je perds la tête…Voilà dans quelle situation me met Everybody’s Gone to the Rapture.Pourquoi n’est-ce pas un « jeu » ?En premier lieu : le manque d’interactions proposées au joueur sur le monde qui lui est présenté. Il y a 2 interactions possibles : ouvrir une porte et interagir avec « la boule ». Cette « boule », nous n’en parlerons pas dans cet avis puisqu’il s’agit de l’élément central de l’histoire et que l’histoire est le seul élément qui vous fera « jouer ». Sachez seulement que vous débarquez dans un village de campagne plongé dans les années 80. Tout le monde a disparu. Nous nous en tiendrons à cela.Ensuite, le jeu vous demande de suivre un chemin et il vaut mieux ne pas en dévier. Le jeu ne vous pénalise pas si vous partez dans la direction opposée à la « boule » mais la lenteur du personnage vous rendra dingue si vous êtes partis à l’opposé d’où le jeu vous demande d’aller.En effet, notre protagoniste  se déplace à la vitesse d’un escargot sous somnifères. Il y a bien un bouton « sprint » mais il n’augmente pas réellement la vitesse du personnage… à peine… même en y prêtant attention. Donc si vous ne voulez pas devenir fou, suivez le chemin et fermez-la.Parlons-en du « fermez-la et écoutez » : nous sommes bel et bien devant un jeu de « The Chinese Room ». Au-delà des éléments déjà cités - qui font la marque du studio- il y aussi chez eux cette propension à ""forcer l'émotion chez le joueur"".Dans ce jeu, pour ne prendre que celui-ci, chaque fois qu'il y a un échange entre protagonistes, une musique bien envahissante se met en branle pour bien vous faire comprendre que c'est le moment de ressentir quelque chose - au cas où vous seriez un robot. Je me contenterais parfaitement des sons d'ambiance réussis du jeu, pas besoin de musique.Pourquoi le recommander alors?Principalement pour son ambiance parfaite et c'est ce genre d'ambiance que j'apprécie : un village superbement bien rendu, j'avoue, c'est un de mes rêves:  pouvoir vivre dans une bourgade tranquille. Ce jeu me permet de vivre ce rêve par procuration, tout du moins en partie.De plus, l'histoire est malgré tout agréable à suivre, même si le final peut se révéler décevant.Cet avis est purement subjectif: si vous ne supportez pas l'ambiance champêtre des lieux, que de suivre une histoire sans y avoir le moindre impact vous ennuie et que cliquer sur un bouton de souris toutes les 5 minutes ne vous suffit pas en terme de jouabilité, NE l'ACHETEZ PAS!"
76561198002309812,Recommended,417880,27961375,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Intense Degree,"I'm not normally that bothered about graphics in games but this is absolutely incredible. So amazingly lifelike I could swear i've driven through Yaughton before.The third chapter is like being inside a living breathing Constable painting. When it started raining in chapter four I nearly cried at how amazing it looked.Emotional story well told, fantastic soundtrack and VA."
,Recommended,417880,29195610,Posted: 11 January,all,тяαѕн¢αи ρℓαуєя,This game is amazing. The scenery is breathtaking and the storyline is fantastic. I would definitely reccomend this to everybody.But..The walking is slow and it takes a long time to move from place to place.It's easy to get lost and nearly impossible to come across every part of the story.I wandered around for quite a long time and I still missed some of the story.
,Not Recommended,417880,29205329,Posted: 12 January,all,Aríllae,"I started this game and was really enjoying it, the aesthetics are stunning and the soundtrack is beautiful. I also found the story gripping and was intrigued to find out what was going on.However, the game frequently crashes whilst interacting with orbs (also act as save points). After numerous crashes, much repetition and several 'fixes' tried I eventually reached chapter 4. I was then forced to replay the same scene 9 times and watch the game crash on every single attempt. It completely detroys any immersion and becomes very frustrating. Looking at other negative reviews it seems this is a known and long standing issue that a number of people have had and has not been rectified.I cannot finish this game and am therefore unable to recommend it. Hopefully there will be a fix in the future but it seems unlikely. Very disappointing as when it worked it was wonderful.EDIT: I was able to complete the game with 'only' half a dozen more crashes!"
,Recommended,417880,25683028,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,MACHO KING,"Amazing, sit back and relax game, extremely moving and immersive story with one of the best soundtracks i have ever heard. If your looking for anything else your not going to find it here."
,Recommended,417880,33934397,Posted: 31 July,all,trifan.teodor,This is not a game ... it is a work of art. I absolutely love the direction in which they took this title. It is always refreshing to see such a marvelous melding of sound design and visual design in storytelling. I sat through the credits reading the names that placed the pieces of this canvas together out of sheer respect ( the soundtrack helped ). I hope there will be more titles such as this one ...
,Recommended,417880,29965705,Posted: 16 February,all,[GAZArts],"I experienced this game back on the playstation 4 and once i had set up a rig that could ""cope"" with this port i was so happy to relive it again. I've never played a game so atmospheric and detailed as EGTTR. As well as the games' story being accompanied by an outstanding soundtrack that sets the tone, the voice work is some of the best I’ve heard in a video game. There were times where some of the interactions between characters made me emotional. The voice work is of a standard that i'm convinced this could work just as a stand-alone radio play but i am so glad the devs took the time and effort to craft out their stage / world to tell this story. (In summary.... i liked it)"
76561197993364666,Recommended,417880,31557230,Posted: 5 May,all,Sarrecen,"A beautiful story that slowly reveals itself as you are drawn deeper into the lives of those depicted in it. This game is certainly not for everyone, as it raises more questions than it will answer. But if you are unafraid to keep an open mind, it will not disappoint."
,Not Recommended,417880,25933903,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Qer,"Not really impressed. The views are marvellous, but the game doesn't really engage me and the sluggish controls makes me nauseous (literally, I had to stop playing after a while) and the slow pace is .... well, slow... ;)To summarise; not my kind of game and I just felt impatient. And slightly sea-sick..."
76561198004203574,Not Recommended,417880,32665838,Posted: 22 June,all,Nikolia,Awesome atmospheric feel but there's no quick save feature. Sometimes you have to re-run entire scenes just to make up for where it didn't save. It gets boring.
,Recommended,417880,31613832,Posted: 7 May,all,Joost,"Amazing atmosphere, beautiful visuals, mesmerizing soundtrack, great voice acting. Alround incredible. If you like walking simulators, thing is a must-play experience."
,Recommended,417880,31387449,Posted: 26 April,all,Krabs,"I recommend this game, but cautiously.First, on the technical side. It defaulted to running of my integrated graphics (which gave frame rates in the single digits), so I had to go to the NVidia software, and force it to use the dedicated card.  Also, to witness any of the dialogue, you need to do a ""radio tuning"" mini game. I got it to work once, but it was frustrating. Fortunately, there is a simple mode in the settings, and then I could play the game fine.Second, the actual game. It is a walking simulator from the same team that made Dear Esther. But this is a full on title, unlike Dear Esther, which was a Half Life 2 mod. The environment is huge, there are dozens of quality voice actors, a really impressive amount of artwork, and detailed environments. (Again, vs Dear Esther which was limited re repurposing Half Life 2 assets).The game is beautiful. I felt fully immersed in this British country town. The story was great, and an interesting take on the ""everyone is missing,"" trope. But it is not perfect. There is a ""run"" button in the key bindings setting, but it does nothing. You walk, slowly. I know that is an artistic choice to make sure you don't miss anything in the environment, but it makes exploring this quaint town rough. ""I know the plot wants me to go in this house, but there might be a collectible over there... no, screw it, it will take too long to get there and back."" And if you walked all the way to that house down there, but the doors were locked anyway? Grrrrrrr..... And that is a shame, because it is such a wonderful place that I wanted to roam about aimlessly."
76561198296152173,Recommended,417880,33063657,Posted: 30 June,all,itsgirby,The soundtrack positively makes the game
,Not Recommended,417880,29064924,Posted: 6 January,all,GloriousEnby,"Watching the trailer before buying this, I got chills from the soundtrack, the stunning visuals, and the idea of the game was intriguing. I wanted to love this game, and I did like parts, but sadly the negative outweighed the positive for me. Maybe it was just my game because I haven't seen any complaints about it, but the guiding light seemed broken, it didn't lead me to events it mostly just caused backtracking that made me significantly less immersed. Regretfully this is the first game I've asked for a refund on. For me personally, I just didn't find it playable after all was considered.Main points:Postives:-The soundtrack is beautiful-Graphics are beautiful-The plot seemed like one I could immerse myself in-Controls were simple which suited the relaxed atmosphere of exploring and uncovering the eventsNegatives:-No manual save system, auto saves only based off of specific events that took me an hour just to find the next one to quit, which this game is shown to be explore at your own pace, but it's not built for that at all-A light repeatedly tried to guide me to very specifc points including an area I'd just come from which just led to irritating back and forth that usually didn't actually lead me to any plot points?-The character moves at an agonising rate, there is a run button-and it never functioned for me no matter how long I sat there holding down the button for it"
,Recommended,417880,29351718,Posted: 19 January,all,Taraph ✞walker,"Just as brimstone and fire would never rain in Sodom while Lot dwelt in it, so the world won't suffer the wrath of God while His elects remain.But just like Enoch never suffer death before the days of Noah, so shall His elects in these last days.And this, is the true Rapture."
,Not Recommended,417880,30776789,Posted: 27 March,all,Freakk_,"I really really like the game, the story, the atmosphere the characters but I just can't recommend this game in this state (a year after release) since saving only happens automatically after important events. But I feel like it's like a coinflip of if it really saves or not. the little ""saving"" text appears but when I try to quit the game it still tells me that ""the game hasn't saved wanna quit?"" So lost about 2hours of gameplay for the third time. SO I only have one option play the game in one sitting..."
,Not Recommended,417880,27690149,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Taedirk,"The music is amazing and the graphics are pretty, but everything moves too slow (both literally in the runspeed and figuratively in the story progression) for me to find enjoyable.  I expected a stronger focus on the events that led up to whatever happened in the village but instead received a level of tawdry small town gossip that I couldn't bring myself to care about."
,Recommended,417880,22514263,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Darkedge,"This is hands down one of the most beautiful games I have ever played and also one that has an atmosphere and emotion second to none. A brilliant use of the Cryengine gives a believable segment of the English countryside and the aftermath of a mysterious incident. With eerily abandoned buildings, lush fields and picturesque woods accompanied by strange lights and one of the best music scores and audio around you explore the story of the valley and it's inhabitants at your own relaxed pace. Piecing together the fragments of peoples lives to find out what happened and what made them who they were makes is a masterpiece of interactive storytelling.It's no shooter, you don't run but it has more emotion and soul than any game of CoD or Battlefield. It's not about framerate either, it runs excellently on my 2 year old kit as you don't need steady 60fps to enjoy it, heck films are 24fps and they work. Enjoy the beauty. Take your time.If you like a mystery and want an experience like no other, enjoy true art with Everybody's gone to the Rapture."
76561198123247394,Recommended,417880,28831526,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,☢VaultGirl☢,"The walking is painfully snail pace like at times which can be very testing on your patience if going around wanting to see everything in the beautiful world that's been created for you to explore. That being said there is a great story to be found if you can put that aside.Pros:-Breathtakingly beautifulGreat storylineMusic is beautifulCons:-Walking pace is VERY slow, tests your patience when exploring"
76561198069556081,Recommended,417880,27557468,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,TheHilLady,"This is one of the few games that aren't fast paced and still kept my attention to do a full playthrough in a few hours. The story and the graphics are so captivating, it keeps you seated and makes you want to know more about the characters and their backstories. It's like playing through a movie.Anyone who has the patience to sit back and let him/herself be awed by scenery, music and emotional backstories should totally take the time to try Everbody's Gone to the Rapture at least once.The only thing that I didn't like was that there was no option to run. But it didn't make me quit the game. The fact that you can't run actually helps you to experience the game at the exact right pace.10/10 would play again to see if I missed any details."
,Recommended,417880,25629741,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,ElusiveOne,"Everybody's Gone to the Raptureplays on the same strengths and weaknesses as its predecessor Dear Esther, though every aspect is now amplified, rendering the exploration conceivably superior in every way.Your main interest is the retelling of the unusual events that led to the discovery and spreading of The Pattern, a seemingly supernatural occurrence that forever altered life in a small English town. Story beats are delivered passively through non-chronological memory fragments, scattered around the world as sequences of light that are triggered automatically upon reaching certain areas.Pick up other optional audio logs along the way through radios, telephones and other electronic devices.Occasionally you will be expected to wiggle shards of light around until you tune into the right frequency to set off their (presumably more important) memories, causing the sun to set instantly and emphasizing the illuminated reenactment. This bright light show looks quite exceptional but makes it difficult to remember who's who when all characters are identical blobs of disembodied light.Everybody in Yaughton reads the same 12 books on birds and astronomy.Interconnected personal story lines show a surprising level of narrative depth but everything is delivered from a certain distance. You have no idea who you are or where you fit within the context of this moment in time. This feels a bit like peeking into the private lives of unsuspecting citizens caught into something bigger that they cannot comprehend.The fairly open world allows for a relatively non-linear experience although there is a general order to your overall progression. The environment is cleverly designed to allow backtracking for the more adventurous or the completionist types.The game's pleasantly authentic depiction of a 1980's English countryside lets you wander off far into the fields and forest paths, replicated with a charming level of detail, yet leaves you with regrettably very little to do anywhere you go. It's all finely crafted but deceptively empty. You control pacing and how much of the story you wish revealed, while taking the time to appreciate the impressive lighting effects and lovely realism of the environment.The hauntingly beautiful soundtrack is undeniably the overlooked star of the show, with arguably some of the best music ever scored for a game. Your undivided aural attention is best served with a good pair of headphones to appreciate the fine level of detail. You will hear subtle residues of life from before everyone vanished, such as the laughter of children and partial muffled conversations, blended with natural sounds from insects, the wind, etc. It all creates a faintly surreal mix that's both elating and melancholy.A brilliant approach to UI fits the mood perfectly, with clever bits of writing and a clean, simple design.Everybody's Gone to the Rapture is an almost intolerably slow paced but nevertheless enjoyable experience if you know what to expect. If you have a lot of patience and are not in a hurry, walking through this little piece of England can be mesmerizing.It would have been great to just be able to pick up one of the bikes lying around and ride freely into the gorgeous fields and gardens. This would have been the perfect location for a proper adventure game with presence, but don't expect any form of meaningful interaction here.The purposely ambiguous ending leaves the bigger open-ended questions unanswered, but the journey is well worth the time spent if you appreciate this kind of intriguing sci-fi story set in an otherwise authentic period setting."
76561198013881309,Recommended,417880,24546531,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,stian.rodland,"Although the game has some ''minor'' problems (one of which is that it sometimes crashes when pressing shift + tab to get to the steam menu), it is still worth playing because the story is very good."
76561197993589983,Recommended,417880,30084309,Posted: 21 February,all,Madash,"Very pretty, good story, outstanding music, a truly great game of its genre"
,Recommended,417880,27499273,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,andrew_akerman,"I get lost in this game because of the level of detail, I can't help wandertng about taking in the sceanery"
,Recommended,417880,33060747,Posted: 30 June,all,Dennis,"Everybody's Gone to the Rapture does a lot right, but it probably should not be considered a ""good game.""What it does well: The artistic direction perfectly captures what I think of when I picture the ""ideal"" english countryside. The scenery and attention to detail of the town and surrounding areas is exceptional. The accompanying sound design for birds, wind, and music fits very well. You can tell it was crafted with care. In your quest to discover what happened to the residents of the small village in their final moments, I came to sympathize with their regrets and shortcomings as their stories unfolded.What it does not do well: Despite the attention to detail of the landscape, there are very few chances to interact with it and the game suffers for it. As probably mentioned thousands of times, the walking speed is unbearbably slow. The walk fast option is barely noticable but I understand why the developers set it the way they did (they want you to experience the world!) Now onto the story, without spoilers, it is kind of out there and I'm still not sure what the final takeaway is supposed to be.Rapture has a lot offer if you just want to sit back for a few hours and experience a different world. I do think this game is worth a playthrough, though for some folks this is probably best picked up on sale."
76561197968282704,Recommended,417880,32307428,Posted: 9 June,all,fp343,"Incredible atmosphere, story which pulls you in and excellent graphics. More of an ""experience"" than a game. The detailed world is a joy to discover, it's a shame it ends so quickly."
76561198030497001,Recommended,417880,34223729,Posted: 13 August,all,Roe Jogan,Great story and visual narrative!
,Recommended,417880,23853016,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Bodomi,"Pros:Beautiful world, get your screenshot button ready.Amazing soundtrack.Amazing voice acting.Has replay-ability[achievements, missed storylines].Full of content and a very long game for the kind that it is, a walking simulator with little actual content [gameplay].Great story, it's told in a good manner.Great side-plots and many side-plots.Good options menu, except for sound options, more on that in the Cons part of the review.Great sound effects[rain, wind, sound from grass, flowers etc... when you walk through them].Very atmospheric, easy to immersive yourself into the game.Non-linear, doesn't require you to trigger numerous events/storyline moments to move onto the next part of the game, and it's hard to actually miss something. It's cleverly designed.Despite all of the dark turns and the ominious feel it's still beautiful, serene and relaxing.Cons:Horrible walking 'system'. It's clunky, the game automatically and consistently adjusts your walking speed. Sometimes you walk slow like a snail, sometimes at normal speed and sometimes unrealisictly fast.The running 'system' is horrible, it takes 10+ seconds to wind up when you hold down your button to run, and you don't actually run. You jog at a very, very slow pace.I get that the developers want their players to see the world they created but barring people from going through the game at their own [walking] speed is ridiculous and a huge negative.Many graphical bugs.Not 'Open World' even though it claims to be. Filled with both visible and invisible walls, some reasonable and some absolutelly stupid.The sound of the orb that follows you around is stupendously loud and deafening.No seperate volume sliders.Different songs play at different volumes, sometimes so loud it feels like your ear drums are about to pop, causing an inconvience as you have to constantly lower and up your volume accordingly.Bad optimization, I have a pretty strong computer, it ran smoothly on ultra about 80-90% of the time but when swinging the camera it gets extremely choppy.Extremely noticable that it's a console port, in other words not a great port, but fine.Unless you're a fan of Walking Simulators of this subgenre the price is unjustifiable.The devs seem to have been very lazy when it comes to things such as doors for example. 99% of doors do not have an actual door handle but when you open them(or try to open them) it makes a sound as if you're opening a door with a metal handle.Fence 'doors', gates etc... make the sound of a house door with a metal door handle when you open them. Lazy development.Do not buy this game if you dislike Walking Simulators, this is right next to Dear Esther but with more content and story, the only way of progessing in the game is pressing W, but the game is filled with story and if you actually explore the world it will give you many hours of gameplay, many on the context of walking simulators.The story was great up until the ending. The ending was very unsatisfying.8/10, unjustifiable price. Must buy for any Walking Simulator fan, especially of this subgenre and I recommend people who would like to try this sort of game out to buy it on a sale unless you can comfortably afford it."
76561198323293745,Recommended,417880,25168535,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,ginmillphil,I enjoyed this game but I just wished you could save whenever you want. You can only save at specific points. This means you just can't leave whenever you want and shut it off.Ginmillphil
,Recommended,417880,28551808,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,dattasss,"A very different game for people with different taste. Don't buy it if you like fast paced storyline with a lot of in-game activities, but if you like artistic storytelling in a different way and like to connect the dots between fragments of a big storyline - then definitely try this one. In the beginning I was very frustrated by the lack of control and lack of in game options (like maps, inteaction with most of the game elements and most of all - very slow pace of walk and buggy sprint mode) but it eventually grew on me. You will appreciate the slow strole through the scenic village where the story takes place. Its beautifully detailed and nicely executed. Problem is there is no way for you to know if you have missed any fragment of the story when proceeding through different levels. I heard avg playtime is approximately 6 hrs but I completed it in 4.4hrs so most likely I missed some stuffs.Play when you have a lot of time (preferably finish the game in one or at most two sittings) and peace of mind - you will like it better."
,Recommended,417880,28611987,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Mene,Pros:- Beautiful storyline with amazing voice acting and pacing.- Stunning graphics.- Amazing soundtrack and general atmosphere of the game 10/10.- Nice sheets that I could run into repeatedly like a moron.Cons:- The walking speed is immensely slow at times.- Sometimes the orb would get stuck or disappear.- I could not play on the swings. ???. an issue.
,Recommended,417880,23851836,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,maio290,"I am not really sure if I should really recommend this game. I personally would like to choose an ""neutral"" option here, but since steam offers only ""yes"" and ""no"" I've decided to choose ""yes"".Regarding the game: After the great success of Walking Simulator 2012 - aka Dear Esther - 	The Chinese Room decided to create a new gameplay experience called Sneak Simulator 2015 - aka  Everybody's Gone (pardon: sneaked) to the Rapture.Enough sarcasm:Pro:+ Great visuals+ Stunning soundtrack+ Good story+ Movement speed can be modified using CheatEngineCons:- Movement speed beyond good and evil (it's just too slow)- Weird usage of the stunning soundtrack (the scene for ""Carry me back to her Arms"" was way too disappointing)- Unsatisfying endSo would I recommend buying this game?Yes and no. 10 € is too much, I'd rather recommend to buy it for about 5 € (or USD) - if you haven't got the soundtrack, simply buy it on Amazon. It's really one of the best soundtracks I've heard in a long time."
,Recommended,417880,25954528,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Shazbot[TKC],"I knew going into this game it was going to be a like a walk through movie. After playing firewatch I wanted to experience more of ""walking simulators"" with mystery elements and boy did this one deliver. I really enjoyed this game not only was it beautiful but it was very fun trying to guess what was going on."
76561198003063721,Recommended,417880,25315431,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Bobarias,10/10 Amazing story. Amazing Graphics.
,Not Recommended,417880,28925062,Posted: 1 January,all,RodeoRain,"The trailer makes this look like a great game, but that's just because it IS a pretty interesting story.However the game buries this story in a bunch of stuff you won't care about, and makes you crawl from one plot point you don't care to another. Granted, the music is fantasic, and the graphics are really beautiful. If it was just a little faster and easier to navigate, I'd certainly recoomend this game."
,Recommended,417880,24044453,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Electraheart,"Lol the ♥♥♥♥, why are people saying they're disappointed with this game for being pretty much an interactive novel, it's literally and very obviously TAGGED as a walking simulator.That said, i thought the game was fantastic. Apart from the kinda forced heterosexual romances around every damn corner, it was an amazing game. The story was dense and you got to follow several different characters in different chapters. And the world was really beautiful too. Another great thing was that it was a lot longer than i had expected, usually games like this, especially considering the great graphics, are very short. But this one was pretty long and the story just came together really nicely at the end.ONE thing i would say was less good though were the light orb controls. It took quite a while to get the hang of how it worked and at first it was just really frustrating because you couldn't continue the game without unlocking the orbs, but that pretty much solved itself. And worth mentioning is that i played it literally the day it was released on computer, so this problem might very well have been fixed."
,Recommended,417880,24588203,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,P_TOG,Every single thing about this game is beautiful. I cried 3 times. The End
,Not Recommended,417880,25411125,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Barbarianna,"You basically can only intereact with scripted objects and that's it. A pity, considering how detailed the town is.Even the path you can walk has been set for you.The story seems interesting but not worth it."
,Recommended,417880,31305737,Posted: 22 April,all,Sandwich Maker 2000,Beautiful and heartbreaking.
,Not Recommended,417880,28700014,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Rusty,"Everybody's Gone to the Rapture is not so much a game as it is an interactive movie.There are no puzzles for you to solve. Yes, there is the mystery of where everyone is and what the heck happened. The game tells the story of what happened through conversations that you witness via echo like ghosts. They do tell an interesting story in a way that despite the fantastic elements of the story does make the residents feel like normal people experiencing something that is anything but.You find these conversations primarily by following an orb that leads you through the small village. You can however, explore on your own. The movement speed is quite slow however, so exploring might feel tedious to some. Exploring can also lead to frustration as the game only saves on its own. You might end up walking around for a long time without the game saving if you don't find something the game considers worthy of a save. This is part of why my play time is probably a bit higher then normal.While the achievements indicate there is more to do then just listening to the conversations, you may well find yourself just wanting to get on with things.The graphics are beautiful, showing us a realistic looking town that you might find yourself wanting to explore and wishing there was life to take part in and experience.The music is gorgeous. It's profound at times, melancholy and touching at other times.The menus are creative and interesting in the way they handle the game's various options.I can tell the people involved in making this game went to a lot of effort to make this village and to tell the story. It feels like a real place with real people.So, why did I give this a down vote? In short, while it does tell a good story, looks and sounds beautiful and is an emotional (or at least will be depending on the player) experience, gameplay wise, you're only going to be walking and listening. I get that this is a walking simulator similar to The Vanishing of Ethan Carter. Others have compared it to Dear Esther but I only played it a bit back when it was a mod, so I can't really compare.This is not the sort of game where you can influence or at least take part in the events. The majority of this game is walking from one point to another and listening to conversations. Even if you do find the experience touching emotionally and beautiful from a visual and auditory standpoint, the price tag feels a bit much. I got it in the Winter sale and it still felt a bit expensive. Yes, I do feel bad giving it a thumbs down. However, as it is, it's more an interactive film then it is a game. If that's what you're looking for and are willing to pay the asking price, that's fine. However, I think a lot of players are going to feel let down if they buy it at full price or even at anything but a steep discount."
,Recommended,417880,30906626,Posted: 2 April,all,Buck,"Like most ""Walking simualtor"" games, ""Everbody's Gone To the Rapture"" is a relatively short, and interactive light experience. There's NO action, and not many things you can ""play"" with, but the story itself and characters are both incredibly deep and rich. The world itself looks absolutely stunning, which of course comes at a performance cost. That's OK though, this isn't a fast action shooter, you do't need amazing performance to enjoy the scenery."
,Recommended,417880,28708127,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Warkanum,"Wow. I generally rate games based on graphics, audio, game play and storyline. This game has some amazing art. Its just beautiful. There detail in everything. Like the tools in a shed, stuff in a house, it makes sense. Then there is the story, a mystery you have to peace together. For minimum effort this game was fun. It felt like a movie rather than a game. But, a movie that I could pause and look at the details from different perspectives. To the creators, well done it! Shows you the power of the cryengine."
,Recommended,417880,33202020,Posted: 3 July,all,LogicGunn,An unexpectedly haunting and beautiful game. Very lonely and thought provoking. Not for everyone. I love it.
,Recommended,417880,34263698,Posted: 15 August,all,Penclick,I'm a Painting.
,Not Recommended,417880,30009296,Posted: 18 February,all,Bebef,"It's nice and all, but tends to become tediously which I found somewhat annoying. I don't want to give any spoilers, so I'd say in the end it wasn't worth it and I wouldn't recommend it to anyone."
,Recommended,417880,24184804,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Deadlymouse,"A very slow, touching and melodic journey into a 1980s apocalypse style event set in rural England..   If your expecting all out action then this game is not for you.. This game essentially lets you walk through a deserted village looking for fragments of memories to piece together the full story of what happened.  Its delightful story telling and a very original game. I enjoyed every moment of it.  It is true there is not much interativity beside clicking a phone or opening a door or walking,  but thats the point, this game is about story telling like its reading you a book but letting you turn the pages for your story teller to read to you."
,Recommended,417880,35054452,Posted: 18 September,all,§pamos,"Just amazing. Beautifully crafted and well thought out. If you enjoyed Ethan Carter, Conarium, and Edith Finch then this is a must play. On the other hand, if you enjoy this game be sure to check out the aforementioned titles."
76561198027279342,Recommended,417880,23876745,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Picolino,"beautiful story, astonishing scenery."
76561197971402945,Recommended,417880,24159045,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Milimber,"Amazing story, beautiful soundtrack. A nice change of pace from other games."
76561198128522648,Recommended,417880,24065091,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,mintybee,"Great visuals, audio and story! I almost didn't get this game due to all the negative reviews, but I'm glad I gave it a shot. My only complaint is that the run button is a lie. More like a 'walk slightly faster than a snail' button. I thought it was hilarious that the game was trying to dissuade me from running as I'd be likely to miss things. More lies. But overall an amazing game."
,Recommended,417880,24266947,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,phantom7748,"Everybody's Gone to the Rapture is a walking simulator. Full stop. If you don't like walking around some pretty envrironments SOLELY for the story, this probably isn't for you. It is first and formost a story, and not much of a 'game' in a traditional sense. However, the story it tells is compelling and extremely well acted, as all of the characters have a depth that comes out due to the amazing performances of the voice actors/actresses. Key moments of this acting are then swollen to incredible crescendo's thanks to the phenomenal soundtrack as well, and if you're curious at all I highly recommend giving yourself a taste of the music before you purchase the game. It is easily Jessica Curry's best work, even above the beauty of Dear Esther and A Machine for Pigs. The game itself is almost an evolution of Dear Esther in many other ways aside from sound as well; feeding the observer a story in a much more organic way than a voice over as you walk the shores and caves of an island. The world and characters The Chinese Room creates in Rapture is almost tangible, the detail and creation of the town so close to the source material I could imagine being in Britain at the time, despite never having actually been there.There are, however, a few bumps in the long road from Yaughton. While most of the story and characters are actually very nicely cleaned up, the ending of the game (while not as terrible as some say) does leave a few more questions than answers. Occasionally, while the game does a fair job of guiding you to everything, you can miss a few small scenes and getting back to them after you've finished a section can be a bit slow and tedious. This is really the only time the slower walk speed becomes an issue, as I found for the usual wandering the speed was absolutely fine - there's so much detail to look at that the slower walk speed allows for a greater sense of place. Personally, if I was exploring an abandoned town, I wouldn't be sprinting for five hours solid between houses. But, to each their own. The game in general is geared towards a patient audience, and doesn't compromise on it's vision of a story for the sake of appealing to a broader gaming crowd.If you enjoy a quiet, yet powerful story and want to spend a few hours in a town seperate from your own time and place, I absolutely recommend Rapture. Really though, if you're not a fan of the 'walking simulator' style of story telling, that's all this is. Even if you're on the fence, wait for a sale and see if you like it. I quite enjoyed it though, and it shows how Chinese Room still knows their game with interactive story telling."
76561197994897750,Recommended,417880,23842238,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Romeric,"I found this to be a genuinely touching experience in terms of the story, but most powerful for me was the combination of image and music. Some of the most beautiful scenes I have experienced in a game. Not many games can bring me close to tears but this one joins that exclusive camp.I found the storytelling to be a cut above most AAA games too, let alone other indies. The delivery by pretty much all the actors/actresses is excellent.If I had a criticism it would be the slow moving speed - I found this somewhat stifled my desire to explore, because I knew if I found a dead end, it would be a pain to backtrack. I think unlocking a faster walking speed for a second playthrough would make me much more excited to play the game again. I do admire the artistic integrity of the team though - this is not a game you should be sprinting through. However, I would further argue that people buying this game would not be abusing the sprint button, anyway.I think I have to applaud the ""level"" designers because I never found myself getting lost - the only real confusion to begin with was getting to grips with the story. The environmental art is strong enough that you remember the places you have been and there are subtle pointers as to where you should go next - that is no mean feat. It's refreshing to not need a map.Finally, as someone who has lived a lot of his life in rural Britain, this was a real treat. For once, I'm walking around a virtual world which has a lot in common with the village I grew up in.Marvellous stuff. I should also note I had no crashes or performance issues - a mid range i5 and a GTX970 are more than powerful enough to run on max settings with 1080p/60fps."
,Recommended,417880,23850843,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Sam I Jam,"Absolutely stunning. I thoroughly enjoyed Dear Esther, but I wasn't quite prepared for this emotional journey. From the narrative structure, to the writing, to the voice acting, to the design, to the gorgeous soundtrack — this is a lovingly crafted tale of the fragility of life and love. I highly recommend this to anyone that enjoyed Dear Esther, Gone Home, or Amnesia."
76561198136461792,Recommended,417880,24169732,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Cee618,"More than just a game, it is an existential experience of cosmological proportions."
76561198203292090,Recommended,417880,24130172,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,magic.mattress,"Walking simulators are an odd trend that gamers will either love or hate. They are a concept that wouldn't have made sense before graphics evolved to the level we see today. I like the concept, it's a refreshingly relaxing break from full on shooters.I actually like this game but it has a few flaws, first of which is the problem with save games, or lack thereof. (Note; they seem to have fixed this now) Second is this is a console port and sadly it is not a very well optimised one. Case in point, I have a GTX 1080 and even at 'only' 1440p (max settings), I get a pretty constant 45fps, sometimes up to 85fps but also frequent drops to around 30fps - clearly the game is poorly optimised to say the least! (Update; performance seems to have been patched and now I am getting a more consistent 70fps or so with drops to 40 but not as low as 30 as before).All these faults aside, I do think this game is worth a look if immersive walking simulators are your kind of thing.Summary:The good:Excellent graphicsVery immersive and great environmentTop notch voice actingThe bad:Very poorly optimised console port (patch has improved performance)Problem with saving games (save games appear to have been fixed)You cannot run (or jump), so having to replay due to save issue is even more of a chore"
,Recommended,417880,23871999,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Fliboys,"This is a lot like the TV show Lost - you get a well done and at times very moving ending for the characters, but you still don't have a full explanation for what's going on. This will either not bother you at all, or be really frustrating. I loved it."
,Recommended,417880,24006734,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,deskboard,"Amazing game, so interesting and captive! Beautiful game."
76561198260551067,Recommended,417880,31518741,Posted: 2 May,all,Itavian,"I decided to try this game after it was compared to Life Is Strange. I liked LIS more than this, but the story of this game broke my heart. The voice acting is great, the scenery is magnificent and the soundtrack is spot on. The walking speed is a bit maddening half the time and the light can bug out and just sit in place, leaving you to explore the rest of the chapter on your own. I tried to look at everything but I only managed to get two achievements so apparently I missed things. Without a concrete map to pull up and judge where you are at it can be possible to miss things. I know there are maps all over but they don't help all that much (in my opinion). I don't know that I will play the game that much more, maybe I will give it another go now that I understand the story to see if I missed things that aren't apparent to the first timer.A side note, I see several people complaining about the ""inability"" to save. The game autosaves after key events/entering certain areas. You just have to pay attention to the autosave popping up in the right bottom corner."
76561198012224770,Not Recommended,417880,24021062,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Parallax,"+Interesting locations and setting+Great atmosphere+Excellent audio and music-Lackluster story, mostly about relationship drama-Poorly optimized PC Port-Cheap light particles instead of real character models-Atrocious walking/""sprint"" speed (thankfully, CE has a script to increase it)"
,Not Recommended,417880,24033242,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Madbat,"What I liked:+Nice graphics+Good music+Voice acting didn't suck.What I hated:Literally everything else.-I'm a cripple and seriously, I can hobble faster than you run in this game. It.Is.SLOW!!!-This isn't a walking simulator, its a crawling simulator.-Did I mention SLOW!-The tuning mechanic is annoying and ultimately pointless.-Virtually no interation with the environment.Buy it on sale.EDIT: I gave this a second playthought to see if I changed my mind...I did, sort of. To add to what I said earlier, there is literally no interaction with your environment beyond the occasional door, lightswitch, a few empty microwave ovens (for a pointless achivement no less) and one train set. There are no physics at all, coupled with no feet, no personal noise (I don't breath even) no jumping, no hands, It makes you feel completely disconnected from the environment (Why am I there, why should I care? What's at stake?) Add to that the disembodied people you have to listen too, the game feels empty and devoid of any muchl content. The monolithical pace and being forced to stop over and over and evesdrop on conversations makes this a rather tedious second play. The only things that saved the experience were the good modeling and texturing, good voice acting, and good music. I'd give this a thumbs up, but the pace is just too slow.Buy it on sale."
76561197972491269,Recommended,417880,29408885,Posted: 21 January,all,Thick8,"The most uniquely different ""Game"" that I've ever played, and I've been gaming since Atari pong. Would I recommend it? Absolutely. I'm glad that there isn't a star rating system in place because it would take some serious reflection to rate it in that manner. I guess that in itself speaks volumes of the exxperience. Now I definitely need a VR setup..."
76561198001752497,Not Recommended,417880,23014462,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,jimmyleg,"Gee, our demise was explained by our ignorance.  And again we were soothed by notions of everlasting life.  Well it was in the title after all.We apparently couldn’t work out the formulas of doom despite repeating sets of numbers from various airways, calculations strewn over walls and streets, and the hand-holding guide of lightness that tethered us into oblivion.  I know, the light is lonely.  How about the plot?Observing the mundane is often interesting or challenging.  Yet our impatience usually wins out, and we make something fresh happen.  Not here.  Even if it is much prettier, EnglishCountryBerg is no different thanI InnerCityApartmentBuilding.  So that’s it?  Five or six hours of being led around by ordinary lives in pretty much a straight line?  At least it was short.  The credits were longer than the final act."
,Recommended,417880,26017836,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,isthisscience,Narrative masterpiece. A beautiful immersion into the deep characters at the centre of this unique twist on 70s British Sci-fi.
,Recommended,417880,23236199,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Woody,"Don't buy this game expecting anything like puzzle or action. This game is a lot like its predecessor Dear Esther, a walking simulator focussing on storyline and environments.That said, this game, just like Dear Esther, delivers a beautiful experience.The graphics are stunning, and gives an immersive 80s English country side experienceThe soundtrack is excellent, and totally works for the experience.The game also includes great voice actingIt does still have its issuesAs a PS port, optimization is not optimal, and the game sometimes lags (GTX750, I7), but overall this did not really impact the experience.The walking speed, however, was very slow. Likely to benefit the experience, this did not work when having to backtrack (part of the world is open to explore, and it is possible to take a wrong turn)The shift key is supposed to allow you to walk fast, but the key didn't seem to work half the time, and even then the faster speed was barely noticable.Despite this, I'm giving the game a positive revew. The price is fair, and although optimization lacks a bit, the game itself is well worth it even outside of a sale."
76561198073629938,Recommended,417880,22834543,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Tiranathon,"This is my first review, and felt compelled to write this after reading so many bad reviews, But I think i have to say, i thorougly enjoyed this game. a very unique one imo.  Graphics are absolutely stunning, and for me at least I didnt find the FPS too bad.  Though i do have a high specced laptop, i7, 32Gb RAM and an 880m Nvidia Gfx.  My only critism is i would have liked more interaction with the world around, like someone else said, its a lot of walking around, chasing orbs and watching ghosts talk.  but having said that, as a story telling game, it held my interest and intreeg all the way through.  Sound track is A1!Credit to you game makers, you did a good job, hopefully there will be a sequel, and maybe a little more interaction build in, like pouring your own pint in the abanoned pub, or driving around in one of the many abandoned cars lol"
,Not Recommended,417880,25536351,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Gravious,"MONTHS after the last update and the game is still unplayable with framerates fluctuating from 23 - 56fps at 1080p even with a GTX 1080 and an i5 6600k running at 4.6ghzPretty much every other cryengine game runs so much better than this, you have to wonder how a walking sim can screw it up so bad.  AVOID."
,Recommended,417880,22930830,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,mattybennett,"Wow.An amazing experience and much more than your average game.As a seasoned gamer focussing on adventures such as Boakes / CLark titles like Barrow Hill and The Lost Crown I was looking forward to a challenge. At first I was totally perplexed - an entire county to wander, no items to pick up? Lots of numbers on the radio - a code?  ...After about 2 days of playing I realised that you are not alone, but are guided through a linear journey. 2 days more and I had completed the game. It should win an Oscar for the superb visuals and music, but where was the gameplay? I caouldn't do the normal things I expect from a game like take object A from point A to point B right over the other side of the map for some abstract reason....However the storyline is faultless. I felt for the characters and enjoyed being part of their story.I am blessed to have encountered this rapture."
76561198060082455,Recommended,417880,22959945,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,siL,"I know there are gonna be some jokes such as 'Everybody's Gone to the Crapture' but I ask you to give this game a chance. Also if you are British that adds to the experience about 10,000x when you see a red telephone box in HD textures and a pub which sells pie for 50p. I know right?! 50p I wish, if only we could go back in time.So I just completed this game and I have to say it was an interesting experience and overall I thoroughly enjoyed it. There are undoubtedely some issues but I think these are more down to personal preference than actual problems.The game focuses around 6 characters and their individual experiences in the world. Throughout my playtime I explored enough to encover a decent amount of each storyline but I was still left with some questions. Despite this I think the themeing and storyline are very unique and reward the player for being observant and interested in their surroundings.Gameplay wise we can all complain about the lack of a sprint button and the general slow paced feel of the game but when you buy a 'Walking Simulator' do you really expect to be sprinting around? We are probably a middle aged, unfit man with no capacity to run, give the guy a break. Apart from this I spent a couple hours at the beginning of the game scouring every house - do not do this. Follow the orb for directions and then deviate from the path to find extra story elements.OH MY JEEEEEEEEEEEEE the graphics are dank. Many people seem to be complaining about optimisation issues however I didn't encounter any so I suppose I am lucky. Every model in this game seems hand crafted and beautiful. The houses are visceral and seem part of the world while little particle details like dustmotes add even more to the atmosphere. If you want a game just for graphics then buy this and you will not be disappointed.Finally we come to the soundtrack. I must say I preferred the 'Vanishing of Ethan Carter's' gloomy and spooky music but there is one song about corn which is just amazing. I instantly wanted to be a farmer and abandon my life as a student to tend to the fields. Trust me this soundtrack is suberb and never seems to repeat itself!In conclusion I think this game is brilliant and if anything just needs some optimisation and perhaps an overhall of the grass textures which look pretty 2D. If you are just reading this conclusion, read the rest. I am dumb and cannot structure writing well :)"
76561198087504157,Not Recommended,417880,34942536,Posted: 13 September,all,Euro,"I got this game awhile ago and it had super low fps. Read that they were working on it. A year or so later I come back with better drivers, video card, etc. and it is still super low fps."
76561198004218809,Not Recommended,417880,23929336,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,djb69,"Good if you like doing nothing. You just walk around and listen to flashing lights chat breath!! The soundtrack is actually quite good but there is nothing to collect, it takes ages to walk and all you can do is walk."
76561197961268568,Recommended,417880,22895992,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,DarkEntity,"One of the most detailed games I've yet played. Graphics are incredible, the tiny details you barely notice have so much thought put into them and you can't help but be drawn into the story of the inhabitants of Yaughton."
,Recommended,417880,23392026,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,CatStoleTheCrown,"(I played this for hours on the PS4)Sure, the walking is quite slow, and holding shift doesn't add much speed, but honestly running would ruin the vibe of this story ""game"" for me. If only the walking was a tad faster. In any case, I think its lovely, get it on sale. Only story and exploration. No puzzles, no game play really. I think the world feels real and believable, would be great with VR support."
76561197998305943,Recommended,417880,24046594,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,kikea,"This is a game where tonality overshadows story and the most intriguing character is setting.The meticulousness with which its location is crafted is incredible. Its idyllic 1980s English rural town in all its nuances, banalities and minutiae feels more real than any setting in any game I've ever played. Football fields, community halls, double brick houses with thatched or slate roofs, fields and meadows with weeds and flowers scattered not wantonly but in no discernible pattern either, just appearing as they would irl. I crossed an arched bridge of stone but decided to veer off and follow the brook below. I took the de facto walking trail alongside it as it cuts through a forest. I reached a pond, where a hide has been set up, presumably for the towns. We don't know for sure though, because the town is empty. Presumably, if the title is accurate, everybody’s gone to the rapture.You don't see a single living human in your tour yet through a series of visions you're offered intimate insight into their lives and interpersonal conflicts, heightened in the face of… everybody leaving for the rapture. It’s an eery and tense atmosphere. The possibility that someone might be around quietly nags at you forcing you to stay alert. The score and sound design reinforces the atmosphere, beautifully too.The main story is kind of trumped by everything described above and I didn’t really care for the finale the game offered. I almost wished it had ended an hour sooner with no attempt at explanation.There were a couple times where I wish I could have taken a bicycle or sprinted, but I think I was mostly better off without it. If you add a cost for getting from A to B, you end up making better considered decisions. You walk with intention. I think this is probably what the developers were going for - as well as setting a consistent pace and tone."
,Not Recommended,417880,23818218,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,SickB,"i know when the orb gets ""stuck"" something is missing. But good luck finding any trigger you maybe missed somewhere without any hint at all. 1 Orb is stuck at the railways and there is absolutly nothing to trigger anywhere. The second Orb is stuck right below the windmill and won´t move anymore and the Stephen Orb just went missing. I can´t find it nowhere.This game suddenly turned from entertaining to a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.It´s quite an accomplishment to make a walking sim where you get stuck.I just quit the game and it said: Last Save 50 Minutes ago. You gotta love not working auto-saves. Well done.Now after redoing all the ♥♥♥♥ing orb in the end at the bunker won´t activate.That´s finally it, what a piece of ♥♥♥♥ ""game"" this is is unbelievable."
,Not Recommended,417880,23873038,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,AWSHOM,"I played many walking simulators, I like the genre. Most of them rewarded me with a good ending, explaining the story so that my slow playthrough would feel complete.That's not the case with this one, beside the wonderful scenery, great music and very sweet graphics, the story felt a bit unimportant, while the ending confusing and kind of disappointing.I honestly don't feel like recommending this title after my experience with it, but it's worth it to give it a try."
,Recommended,417880,23090796,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Paul_Wacker,"I can see how this game could be quite polarizing, depending on the audience.  As with all games, I think that if the player knows what the game is going to contain before they purchase it, they can adequatly judge whether or not they will enjoy it.Everybody's Gone to the Rapture contains a splendid story.  Not just the superficial story that takes place during the events of the game.  This story is well written in and of itself.  However the game leads you, the player, to a possibility that opens up a much grander story.To tell this story the game utilizes well done voice acting.  The Bioshock style recordings are left all over so you can piece together the plot on your own.  The music is also quite striking, though I don't think it's the kind of music most people will be listening to in their car every day of the week.  It's much more of an 'epic' soundtrack.As far as gameplay goes, however, the game is a walking simulator.  You can walk and activate recordings, that's just about it.  A common complaint, and one that I will echo, is that the walking seems to slow.  I'm okay with the idea of a walking simulator, but I still think the player should be able to choose, to some degree, how fast they walk.  You either walk or jog (if you hold down the sprint button) in this game, and both are exceedingly slow.  I understand that the slow speed is arguably to force the player to experience the atmosphere.  Even so I think movement could have been a bit faster without sacrificing the experience.Speaking of the atmosphere, the CryEngine is used to beautiful effect in this game.  The town and woods surrounding it are rendered beautifully.  This being a CryEngine game, like Crysis, it will tax your computer.  You will probably not be running Ultra details at 90fps.  I personally don't think this is a problem; this is a walking simulator.  I don't care if it drops to 30fps, all I'm doing is plodding around town examining empty homes and gas stations.  I'm not making frame-perfect reactionary shots or anything.The Walking Dead got critical acclaim for being a story driven video game.  Everybody's Gone to the Rapture is another story driven game, but the story is told in a different manner.  If you want a good story, and don't need a bunch of action, I would recommend this game.  I'm glad Sony decided to produce this game, I think the developer put the resources to good use."
76561197994822272,Recommended,417880,22905548,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Lidserter,Wonderful masterpiece. Breathtaking soundtrack. Quite emotive. More than a game this is a tragic film in which you are both actor and viewer.
76561198033489159,Recommended,417880,23011476,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,dohh,"An outstandingly beautiful game. A heart-wrenching story. Emotional music. Hyper-realistic environments. Call it a walking simulator; but it's much more than that: the story is deep. And even on my 3-year old Dell, with specs set to highest levels...no frame problems to speak of. Smooth as silk thus far.The world is drop-dead gorgeous. Dear Esther was beautiful...this is even one step above that. Just amazing to look at. I do wish I could ""move faster"". but with so much to explore, I really don't mind that much. It's not cheap as these games go, and as with SO many games these days, a save anywhere would be helpful, if only to be able to re-visit some of the more picqturesque areas.So be it. It's still as astounding visual achievement, if you want more than just a shoot em up. Can't reccomend it enough. Glad I bought it."
76561198005906069,Recommended,417880,28761686,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Power Of Syndra,"As far as this might not be for everyone, even not for most of players, I really enjoyed this game. It´s actually more of an storytelling programm, because you have actually no real decisionmaking in this game besides which story you wanna hear first. I would not recommend it if you expect gameplay of any sorts.What makes the game brilliant is it´s pace, it´s voice acting, graphics and it´s relaxing and chilling atmosphere. If you just want to relax and let your mind wander, this one is good for you. By it when it´s on 50% sale, that´s how I got it. :)"
,Recommended,417880,22590994,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,UltrAramA,This is a very beautful game with a very emotional story. I loved it. The graphics is some of the best I've ever seen in a game to date. The music is wonderfully done and the story is at times very emotional.If you like games like Dear Esther you'll love this game.
,Recommended,417880,24102595,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,TRS_Ashton,"It's heavy, but it's beautiful to see and hear. I like games that are different and I especially like experiences that make me think and make me feel something in particular. Everybody's Gone to the Rapture does all three. Really enjoyed it."
76561198040276050,Recommended,417880,23995509,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,CaydenStorm,"first of all I bought it during steamsale, therefore my feelings towards the pricetag are a lot better.It is a short game admittedly, i finished it in about five hours, but it i was absolutely overwhelmed by it.Pros:-amazing graphics-a very interesting story that you have to find yourself-incredible attention to detail-the voice acting is glorious-great atmospherecons:-kinda easy to get lost-you need to figure everything out yourself, which is kind of great, but can also cause you to have to walk back after you finally figured out how something works.So, result: If you are into emotional games, that dont rely on action but more on atmosphere get this game. In my opinion, it is totally worth every cent I paid."
,Recommended,417880,23816855,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,amic403,"I don't understand all the hate for this game, it runs fine for me and seems interesting so far."
,Recommended,417880,22732767,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,The-Lost-Demon,"Amazing game.I sincerely dont understand why's there so many negative reviews, i loved everything about it. The visual are amazing, the story is fantastic and keeps you interested for the whole length of the game, the music is fenomenal, the voice acting is just perfect and the length of the game is actually pretty good comparing to the rest of games from the same genre that average 3/4 hours this one will keep you entertained for 7/10 hours on the first playthrough.I cant tell much about the story without spoiling but i really recommend you to pick it up, check it out and refund it if you didnt like it but i dont recommend you listening to those negative reviews.10/10 -Masterpiece"
,Not Recommended,417880,24149825,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Ravioli27,"I'd love to recommend this game. I thought the visuals were fantastic and the method of story telling was interesting. I thought it was going to be another great addition to my library of story heavy walking simulators. Unfortunately the whole story just kind of falls short. I kept expecting something big to happen and it never really did. Considering it is a story heavy game, it was kind of disappointing. It's a buy on sale for people who like walking simulators and would not recommend to people who are new to the genre."
76561198115420576,Recommended,417880,24492124,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,crim_girl,I enjoy walking games and this one is quite enjoyable. That'll be all for now I guess.
76561198035465707,Recommended,417880,29426195,Posted: 22 January,all,✪Traffic,Very good atmospheric walking simulator with an interesting and captivating story.  Developers paid great attention to the details in this game.
76561198043584925,Recommended,417880,29278599,Posted: 15 January,all,danmill2k5,"Ok, if you're like me and a bit squeemish and not into horror, don't worry!Within 10 minutes of playing, I was getting characters telling me of nose bleeds, headaches and death. But don't be alarmed, you don't see any of it. I got concerned at that point, as I hate horror, but there's nothing graphic.ANYWAY:Really nice story driven experience.Good for those who like walking simulator story type games. Amazing graphics and very detailed.Quiet enjoyable, and nice and long (just under 6 hours to complete)DETAILS:The story is good, although it can be quite confusing at times. You never actually see the people that the story is about, just their silhouette, so it can be hard to remember which charater is which and you need to remember their names (something which I'm not that great at!)Also, I'm sure I went the wrong way at some points. The story seemed to be a bit disjointed and out of order.Maybe it's supposed to be like that though, as there are lots of smaller stories running through it too.Final thought is this. I STILL have absolutely no idea what it is that has affected the villages in the game.The game doesn't show anything graphic, but the language used is very philosophical and over complicated. It's something to do with light coming from somewhere that affects the telephones, but I still don't know how it came about, why it happened, or why it was causing people to have headaches, nosebleeds and eventually die.I think it could be explained a bit better, as the ending to the game felt a little lazy compared to the rest of the game.But it's still an interesting and exciting story."
,Recommended,417880,24559326,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Yebisu,"Rapture is hard to describe. It says something worthwhile and compelling. magnificent story. It's a game about life and it's fleeting nature, so if you're not into that sort of thing... yea. Also, it's without a doubt the most beautiful game I've ever seen or heard. Seriously, the score and graphics are ♥♥♥♥ing awesome. This is Chinese Room's magnum opus if you ask me."
,Recommended,417880,27332978,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Thilinkalin,Pretty good game
76561198120358445,Recommended,417880,28625438,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,CabooseKiller,Story...Music...Unparalleled.Gameplay leaves something to be desired.Recommend.
76561198199701791,Recommended,417880,27100549,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,MabelRoseM,Such a goreous looking game
,Recommended,417880,24144284,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,SeeNoWeevil,Absolutely brilliant.
76561197989474571,Recommended,417880,28717740,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,andiell,"Outstanding. Mature, narrative driven and thought provoking. Beautiful score and scenery really bring a strong sense of emotion to the story. I would highly recommend if you are looking for something different with a slower pace."
76561197970331335,Recommended,417880,28712228,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,=ASY= Losidias,"This was a short game but a really enjoyable one.  Don't expect this to be a run and gun adventure, it is more of an interactive story, there are some basic interractions, but the emphasis is more on witnessing the story and gaining some clues along the way.This was a beautiful game and with an imaginative story that I literally could not put down until I had completed the game.The voice actors did a good job but it is likely to be a single play through kind of game."
76561198044895401,Recommended,417880,23801572,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,atjo87,ohhhh that starting music.........
,Recommended,417880,24169147,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,(㇏(•̀ᵥᵥ•́)ノ),"Everybody's Gone to the Rapture is stunningly beautiful and getting lost in its remarkable representation of a British rural village, while listening to some of the best music I've ever heard in a game, was truly a delight.I will say however that ""getting lost"" was not a turn of phrase used lightly and the game suffers occasionally for lacking a clear path to progression, especially if you choose to go exploring every nook and cranny. I only ever got genuinely lost once but it definitely felt like it lacked the flow of similar games like Gone Home.The story, the central premise in a game lacking any actual gameplay, was intriguing and well fleshed out. The characterisation of the inhabitants of the village was poignantly human and complex, far beyond what one may expect from a game with a presumed focus on a central mystery.This game is worth a few hours of your time if you enjoy interactive narrative experiences but it's not the best of its ilk and maybe lacks the clarity and focus of some of its contemporaries."
,Recommended,417880,35028689,Posted: 17 September,all,tarabanov,"10 out of 10 Immersive Experiences.One of the best games of current generation  (though without gameplay in a traditional sense). Level Design is top-notch, now even better than in Dear Esther, the previous game from this developer. Narrative is meditative, intriguing and touching, visuals are simply stunning, and the music makes me stop and not move in order to avoid accidentally turning it off by stepping out of a trigger area..."
76561197963635426,Recommended,417880,24083000,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Clunt,"It's from the creators of Dear Esther, so basically if you were a fan of that, I recommend going through this aswellThese Walking simulators can have a slow pace to them at times, especially if you're trying to fully expore the map. Have patience, chill out and enjoy the story/scenery :)"
,Recommended,417880,23991836,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Krytten,"Has an amazing choral soundtrack, and looks stunning too! If you've played and enjoyed 'The Vanishing of Ethan Carter', then you'll probably enjoy this too."
,Recommended,417880,23776727,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,SmallTownCityMan,"The game has one of the best looking environments I've seen in anything, including AAA titles.  However, the slow walking speed and constantly dodgy 50-120 framerate (even running on a GTX1070/i7 @1080p), lead me to recommend with some reservations.  If you like first-person, mystery/story-based exploration games you will like this one.   Just be forewarned about the pacing!  FYI: You will need a half-decent system to run it very well and take full advantage."
76561197972560460,Not Recommended,417880,26590149,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Azurus,"Pretty interesting enviornment and story, but horrible gameplay. Almost nothing is interactive and you are stuck in a dismally slow walk. This could have been a pretty cool game if they had taken it a little further."
76561198171589226,Recommended,417880,22746085,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,irjohnson,"Brilliant, beautiful and moving! Ok, it is very resource hungry - I have a laptop that runs Elite Dangerous, Battelfront and Fallout 4 at good settings, but I need to scale this right back, and play on a tiny windowed screen.....but I don't care because it still completely grips and captivates me! Those who are slating it just aren't giving it a chance.BTW - I almost requested a refund at first because of the low framerate, but after about 5 minutes, I just stopped caring. I do need to run it with CPU Cores Maximiser (another paid for bit of software, but also great in my opinion).In short, worth persevering with."
,Not Recommended,417880,24942153,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,gazconroyster,"I adored Soma and craved something else in the genre. Succumbing to the hype, I purchased this. Alas! This is undoubtedly the dullest thing I have ever played. Not a game in any meaningful sense of the word,What is it then? That haunting soundtrack. The detailed, faithful and very human background stories. The delightful imagery and accurate evocative environments. It feels like the backdrop for an amazing, ground breaking experience: a game world to rival any other. But it's not a game, it's not even an unfinished game: this is the real deal, the final product.An interactive movie? Perhaps but the disjointed nature of the little narratives (however delightful, individually) and the stultifyingly slow pace make this a pretty dull affair.  That word again.Should you buy it? If you're expecting a game, no. If you're expecting a stirring interactive movie, no. As a piece of interactive, digital art? If the videos and screenshots take your fancy and you are willing to take the time to drift around Yaughton, taking in the sights and sounds of an English village, it may be your cup of tea.Alternatively, for English folk anyway, take a trip to a real village this weekend but try not to be too prurient. They don't like nosy Townies."
76561198183602067,Recommended,417880,22705201,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,CalvinG,"wow. this story is one of the most captivating i have ever experienced, i just started my second playthrough as i know i havent seen all the story yet. if you are looking for a story rich game that has beautiful visuals and an amazing soundtrack then this will be fifteen quid well spent. yes the pace is quite slow but bear in mind that the chinese room have created a very immersive and detailed world and it would be a waste to run through it without appreciating it."
,Recommended,417880,23816901,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Tonkinese,A nice science fiction story that has been done quite a few times before but never so much like this in a video game format.It feels like a console port a tad unoptimized and it does not really boast high resolution textures but that is more of a crytek engine (being more of a console engine than a pc engine) thing. But it is a beautiful game very surreal and sombre with pleasant and daunting feel the music changes mood to effect in the game rather well.over all it is interesting but the basis of the story has been done before
,Recommended,417880,22539280,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Gibbster,"Such a fantastic game and full credits to the studio and musician for the amazing score. The lighting, the detail, the Story! All make for an amazing game, which is both very powerful, thought provoking and hauntingly brilliant.I have been a fan of the Chinese room since, forever really. The first time I played Dear Esther and the subsiquent times. I have been waiting very patiently for this to arrive on PC after it was released on PS4 (which I went out and got a PS4 just to play this game and then sold it!!).Thankyou Chinese room, Sony and Steam for making this happen."
76561198240226538,Not Recommended,417880,22844397,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,SpottyMcD,"Ir runs fine on i7-4790k & nVidia GTX 970.  It is definately not a game though.  Is looks great but it is just a story with characters you can't see, voices & pretty swirling lights.  The story is tricky to follow because you don't get to see anyone.  The ending left me thinking I am glad thats over."
,Not Recommended,417880,24184149,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,deathday,"Oh my, this game gets pretentious by the end. I didn't even mind the slow walking speed, but after playing the excellent Dear Esther I was expecting a comprehensible plot or theme. Nope. It's all magical whatevers that do unexplained things to people. Don't play this game expecting to be satisfied by the story. Just go pick up Dear Esther instead.On the other hand, Rapture is a beautiful game with a fairly large map. I didn't mind the wandering around."
76561198027210514,Recommended,417880,22479840,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Peach Iced Tea,"If you're having trouble with framerate (like I was), make sure you're running the game with your graphics card selected (it didn't select to run with my Nvidia card for some reason). Made the game playable for me.Quick how-to here:http://gaming.stackexchange.com/questions/72567/can-i-force-steam-to-use-my-nvidia-gpu-instead-of-the-integrated-intel-cardHope this helps someone out there."
,Recommended,417880,22606295,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,eda,"Yes, it's not terribly interactive, but it is an amazing example of non-expositionary story-telling.  It's doesn't shovel plot down your throat, and so requires imagination on behalf of the participant.  It looks gorgeous, has superb voice acting and possibly the greatest soundtrack of any game I've ever played.  A wonderful experience."
,Recommended,417880,22600345,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,DanielF823,"Walking Simulator.Great Story, Background, Voice Acting, Ambience, Sound Design, Graphics...Auto-Save System needs to be retooled... Can be a bit boring between events and writing can be boring overall in spite of it still being good!"
76561198041547435,Not Recommended,417880,24098844,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,[Team Furlough] AmberJack,"Pretty graphics, but a written story would have been just as interactive as this game."
76561198056762086,Recommended,417880,22615259,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Goliath,"Just finished playing this game through, it took me 4.5 hrs in two setions. But what a memorable 4 and a half hours. Its like one of those books you cant put down and once you have finished, it stays with you all your life.Beautiful piece of story telling. Fantastic presentation and very different from most the main stream garabage available at the moment.The voice acting, music and visuals just cause you to become so immeresed you grow attached to the characters even in a short time. It means something when events unfold. And 4 1/2 hrs is enough to tell a story and leave you thinking for days after.I would recommend this game to anyone who enjoys a good story, exploring and piecing together parts of a fragmented story.I would ignore the whiney posts from people who are only interested in what fps they get from their PC. A drop in frame rate does not detract from the game."
,Recommended,417880,22538255,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Futski,"Itisa game;It was trying to tell me something, showing a gamepad-icon with hinty arrows on the sides.I didnotknow what to do. No cutscenes triggered. Rage-quit.I call that a losing condition.Ergo, this is a game, youelitarian anti-walkingsim labelling masters of the Nobody Cares What You Think Frankly.Giving it thumbs up because these kind of games validate my Steam controller purchase. Oh, and the ingame scenery is lovely too. Have fun walking - I sure do!"
,Recommended,417880,23247087,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,ACTprep,"the story is absolutly fantastic. although it is stuttery, the story is amazing. If you are in a mello mood, it's totally worth the time it takes to finish the story. grab some popcorn, bring some friends. and enjoy the story. I would give this a 4/5 since the game was not very well optimized."
76561198044421961,Recommended,417880,23467937,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,iangilf,"Just finished ""Everybody's Gone to the Rapture"" game.Very different and such an involving world (an empty Shropshire village and surrounding countryside). Music superb, and thought provoking narrative. Highly recommended"
76561198290468337,Recommended,417880,28781100,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,The Crimson Emo,"Truly an immersive experience you soon won't forget.Everybody's gone to the rapture is a game that puts you in the shoes of an unknown survivor in a world completely absent of human life.You wake up on a hill outside of a small rural village in Shropshire, England and are left to try and piece together the reason as to why this village is completely absent of life.Strange orbs of light follow you on your journey and seem to capture moments caught in time from locals having a conversation about the strange goings on to scientists trying to stop what might potentially be the inevitable end to their species.It becomes a really interesting way of forcing you to grow attached to these characters as being completely isolated in this world forces you to seek these audio logs out as the only companionship you can acquire, being the last human being on Earth.You find yourself growing incredibly attached to these characters and their lives to a point where you both feel and yearn as if you were a member of their community, despite being completely alone in this world.It has such a powerful impact that I personally find this emotion carries over into the real world as the characters you meet in this game really do stay with you in an emotional way.Gameplay is very simplistic and not very engaging. The main criticism the game has to many is that it's simply a 'walking simulator'. Depending on the type of gamer you are this could easily make or break the game for you within less than 20 minutes of playing.This is a slow paced game that's strictly focused on immersing yourself in a beautiful, yet eerily haunting village. There is little to no gameplay, action or even interaction. This is a game that demands you take it at a slow pace and breathe in the atmosphere.The game's biggest aspect however is the visuals. The scenery is breathtakingly stunning and every single frame of animation almost looks as if it's a postcard advertising the beauty of rural Britain.Very few games really do focus on Britain in such painstaking detail so it really does feel humbling that this one does so to such an incredible degree.I highly recommend giving this game a chance if your looking for a break from the norm and feel like taking a digital escape into another world. This won't disappoint."
76561198278387166,Recommended,417880,31999437,Posted: 27 May,all,jtjbooth,Absolutely brilliant; especially if you grew up in the eighties.
76561197990264668,Recommended,417880,22599442,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,mazzy2u,"Its not so much a game, more of a interactive film/book. I cant really describe what they are trying to do but it does have a certain appeal. A beautifully realised environment, lots of neat little touches here and there. The voice acting is excellent, some moments of sadness, which is something I never expected. But the slow movement becomes annoying as I keep pressing the shift key in the vain hope that I could run, something the developers could add maybe?"
,Recommended,417880,29514710,Posted: 26 January,all,Bryton,"""Best Turtle Simulator 2016"""
76561198195019419,Not Recommended,417880,26188078,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Madness,The Story Version Of 52 Card PickupThere is nothing I love more than a story. So I was pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off when the game told me to go find the damn thing. I gladly whent out to find it going at the speed of a light fart as i did so and found the game to be very attractive. I got the full affect of the former statement about 2 hours in due largely at the fact that I was going nowhere SLOWLY. All of this combined with the ghost lights that follow me wherever I go. I figured out that they are much faster than I was and moved all about the map. So I was a llittle upset when I found one and followed it all the way back to a town I had just been in to walk all the way back out in the country side where I originally started. I would be less upset if i could shake a leg and just move my♥♥♥♥♥ Now I have never been more sad then when I reached the oppisite end of the map to hear a raidio hinting that I had to walk back to the starting point. I walked half way and got lost and found my way back to the raidio. So I cried a bit then quit the game. Now to the question of wether or not you should play it? I......Would.......Not.........Recomend............it..............Because.............Its.............So.............Slowwwwwww...................M
76561197974242271,Not Recommended,417880,22859617,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Xasthur,wait for the sli profile. game still runs like a fresh steamy turd. annoying as hell.
,Recommended,417880,22479068,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Larry Lava,"Beautiful graphics, wonderfully eerie atmosphere. Quite heavy on the graphics card though."
,Recommended,417880,22493555,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,㉿ҾŁǞЧՁθ,Another first Person adventure/narrative game from the Chinese Room studio behind Dear Esther so you know what to expect: incredible graphics and detail enviroments with a sense of mystery and exploration along whit great atmospheric soundtrack  gets a perfect score for me 👍
,Recommended,417880,22451946,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,cqdemal,"What it is:A supremely pretty ""walking simulator"" about the Christian rapture, seen through the lens of vintage British sci-fi radio serialsWhat it does well:Fantastic and painterly visual recreation of British countryside circa 1984, right down to the smallest detailSpectacular voice acting and writingExcellent core plotMusic ranks easily among the best game soundtracks of recent yearsWhat it fluffs:Extremely slow player movement speed and a confusing 'sprint' mode that doesn't really workSubplots are poorly paced with a high likelihood of large time gaps separating each beat or discoveryTechnical stuff:Runs rather well on the following setup: i5-6500 / 16GB RAM / GTX 970 / Windows 10; occasionally dips as low as 40fps but does not have any impact on slow-paced gameplayVery poor 21:9 support leaves large chunks of menu screens off the display area, requires blind fiddling to set a 16:9 resolutionOdd implementation of motion blur means the game actually looks better with it applied and somewhat too sharp (especially for the foliage) when you stand stillRecommendation:If you like games like Gone Home, Dear Esther, or The Vanishing of Ethan Carter, this will fit right up your alley and maybe even top them all. It's easily worth the full launch price in this case. However, if you hate those three with a burning passion, the snail-paced walking speed will turn you red with rage in no more than three minutes - something no sale on Earth can fix."
76561197974793790,Not Recommended,417880,25205302,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,YotsuMD,"EGttR in a nutshell:It's the 80s, and it's a beautiful day in the english countryside. You go for a walk and everything is tragic. Your only purpose is to keep walking and taking in the tragedy. It's beautiful, tragic, and not a lot of fun."
76561198281513076,Not Recommended,417880,26238184,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,jgawthrop53,"This game has limited functionality on my Windows 10 system; patchy video, and insufficient saving ability.  This is unfortunate because the soundtrack and visuals are very good. If the developer can produce a new version which at least permits a SAVE option whenever the player needs it, then I will come back. For now, I'm moving on."
,Recommended,417880,24292625,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,MissingNO,"Do you lack patience?Do everyday tasks - such as vacuming the home - begin to annoy if they take longer than ten minutes to perform?Then this game is not for you!So many downvotes based only on the walk speed...it *is* a lousy-slow walk speed...and yet, a superlative experiance. Worth downvoting for the lack of a 'jog' option? Jog on, ADHD's."
,Not Recommended,417880,23552822,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Shawn Marrster,"Not a game, but art.Test hardware: 4K/60fps, Geforce 980Ti strix, Skylake 4.6ghz, 32gig memory, NVme SSDpro.Full price game asia region 15 dollar/15 euro (with tax).Graphics 9/10 Soundtrack 10/10 Gameplay 1/10 Replay value 1/10 Story 6/10This is hard to review. A “game” with 1/10 gameplay value should get a negative review. But I am conflicted. It is such a gorgeous game with a soundtrack that struck the heart during key elements during the story. But its not a game. No pussels. No branching paths. Its “just” a story driven walking simulator.I like story driven games like Gone home, Heavy rain and Beyond 2 souls. Those games have at least some branching gameplay something this game dont. This game have a nice love story, a mystery and some gorgeous “death” sequences.If you have a good rig that can reproduce the gorgeous graphics: Maybe its worth getting this on a sale. I wish the developer took the town they created and used that asset more than they did."
,Not Recommended,417880,22531755,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,HyperPickle,this game is boring as♥♥♥♥♥
76561197970409924,Not Recommended,417880,28658189,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,digitalgnome,Just started playing it so these are just first impressions.For those who though the graphics are as good as Ethan Carter. Not even close.The monumentally slow walking speed and no run that seems to work is brutal.Fortunately there seems to be a mod for that.For something that was supposed to be story driven there is a gaping hole right up from. Who the heck are you and why are you there?Loved Ethan Carter and it had a great intro to let you know all these things.
,Not Recommended,417880,29546187,Posted: 28 January,all,aboutalexander,"I'd like to recommend the game, but I was only able to play it after messing around with settings on a machine that exceeds their recommended specs because on the lowest settings I got less than 10fps. Sorted after the sort of trouble shooting I haven't done since 2008.Once I got it working though - wonderful. Story, dialogue and soundtrack were fantastic. A few issues with the environment were a little bit of a problem. Not all rooms had light switches and sometimes I got frustrated trying to work out where I could and couldn't go.To those who whinge about the walking speed... well I don't know what game you thought you were buying, but of course its going to be slow. The game is also pretty good at keeping you on track if you get lost, but doesn't bother you if you want to go exploring for a bit.So, the game itself I think is worth it if you like to think about the bigger picture when it comes to the meaning of life.Just make sure you run it straight away, so that if it doesn't work you can get a refund."
,Recommended,417880,22731209,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Daimo,"Emotionally intense and graphically beautiful walking sim with a couple of flaws. If you don't follow the orb you may miss out on entire sections of the narrative, and this is just me but the FX (character silhouettes) didn't trigger for over half the game. No FOV slider either but it's bearable if you sit back a bit."
,Not Recommended,417880,28996122,Posted: 3 January,all,thetangledweb,"I'd love to give it a great review, but on my pretty-good PC with a 970, whichever res and settings I ran it on, it stuttered constantly. I googled for a few minutes, saw some posts about frame timings and a bit of software to correct it, and thought screw that, it's 2017 and I'd like it if developers just made sure things ran properly without me having to mess around and waste an hour of my time. So my new year's resolution being to make life easy, I got a refund. See you in a couple of years, Everybody's Gone to the Rapture, when you're nearly-free in a Humble Bundle and all your technical issues have been sorted out."
76561198000965856,Not Recommended,417880,24062590,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Space Gravy,"Narrative games aren't games in the traditional sense, and Everybody's Gone to the Rapture is no different. If you're looking for something with traditional video game mechanics, search elsewhere. Games of this genre typically present a contained, compelling story with some sort of payoff at the end.Everybody's Gone to the Rapture fails to deliver on the basic premise of a narrative game: an interesting plot.The game explores interpersonal character relationships with a catastrophic event as the backdrop. It's a honest attempt, but for the most part each relationship is exceedingly one note, uninteresting, and not integral to the main storyline in the slightest. So most of the game is spent walking from point to  point listening to old women try to ruin as many failing marriages as they can.To add insult to injury, the main storyline is a bore. It starts off well enough, with an interesting hook that compels you to begin exploring. Four hours later and you still know about as much as when you started. To say the climax is unsatisfying is an understatement. None of the plot threads are brought back together, and you feel like you just wasted hours of your life.The environment in the game is nice enough, but the every area is pretty much the first copy-pasted over and over again.Finally, the movement speed in Everybody's Gone to the Rapture is a crawl. There is a ""sprint"" button, meaning walking at a normal pace. This exacerbates the underlying problem with the game (see underwhelming story). What would require maybe 10 minutes of exhibition is stretched out to four hours by an unrealistically slow movement speed.Everybody's Gone to the Rapture is a waste of time.3 out of 9. Because the lighting was well done."
76561198072566624,Recommended,417880,24080917,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,mikeriley2,"As much as I wanted to go to sleep, I couldn't stop playing it till the end.  Exploring and uncovering the mystery one bit at a time just kept me going.  Its was creepy at times and I was half expecting a zombie attack or something, but it's not that kind of game.  The graphics are great, there's so much attention to detail.  The music was beautifully done and the voice acting was spot on, very believable and highly emotional at times.Overall, an amazing game with well delivered and powerful story."
76561198089311810,Recommended,417880,23319913,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,squad up360,i really like this game i bought a ps4 controller for this game so i can play it the game is very intriguing. listening to people speak sometimes it can be funny angry or sad it beautiful
,Not Recommended,417880,22451871,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,The Real Admin,"I want to love this game ,But its so poorly Optimized.Heres a short See More for my verbal Review.First Person Atmosphere ""Choose your Ending"" IndieUpdate Frequency-------------------------Frequent (Are working on next Patch for next to none GPu useage)Optimization-------------------------------UnAverage;PrioritizedBugs---------------------------------------Medium;HighReplayability-------------------------------Only about 12 to 8 hrsMaps--------------------------------------- More to figue out could explain with updatesFun-----------------------------------------3/10 Games Unplayable till bug fixesDevelopers---------------------------------Likeable, Talk to you letting you know things if you read Between the lines.Community------------ People who bought the game at a low price & Must wait for devlopment as they did release a game with game breaking problemsIm going to do a Video Review,But at this point Do not buy this game,Till its fixedBut i would like to see the game Fixed,As i havint Even finished the 1st Chapter.Its So Pretty.The Devlopers Know the problems & are working to Fix things as it seems it wants to use Intigrated graphics.:""Misterfooks  [developer] 5 hours agoSome players (whose PCs have an integrated GPU) are reporting that their more powerful graphics card is not being automatically selected upon starting the game. If you do have an integrated GPU (generally labelled ""Intel Integrated Graphics""), please make sure your main GPU is used to run Rapture. ""Reviews are to harsh for people not able to run the game sure their is not Sli Support,At the moment but this game is Really new & i suggest giving it a Chance.Not at this state but when it goes onsale or when it is fixed.I see potential in this game,as Updates could change the way it plays out or slight map changes like the Forest.Will be updating Upoun Every Update.*Note nice touch on the Visual & Other Aid in game,++ on my end.6/10-1 Voice acting-3 Optimization & Crashing because of turning off a second monitor.++ on the Aid menu, Amzing Visuals, & being immersive"
76561197970729719,Recommended,417880,22517828,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Dead Jester,"If you dont like games where you dont have to kill everything, and where the main point is exploring and understanding, then dont get this.IF on the other hand you like games with a bit of story and emotional content, buy it.Short and Sweet."
76561198069968131,Recommended,417880,25122186,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Spoiled Ground Beef,">play beginners guide>cry>needsomethinghappier.png>""everyones gone to the rapture"">cry11/10 would cry again"
,Recommended,417880,22484469,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Private Gomer Pyle,"Easily the best indie game Ive played in a while, the graphics are amazing, the plot is great and you will feel the feels."
,Recommended,417880,22492612,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,DarkEchoes,"I feel like most of the negative reviews here involve mainly technical issues, which is fair, but the game is perfectly playable as long as you have a mid-range computer. Full disclosure, I have a 6700K with a 980ti for my desktop, and an i7-4702HQ with a GTX 870m for my laptop. There's definitely some frame-pacing issues, and some areas need some optimization (framerate drops at random times in the game), but nothing game breaking, and nothing that breaks immersion. My take on the game: If you liked Dear Esther, or if you felt that it had potential but needed more depth, then Everybody's Gone to the Rapture will be everything you expect. If you dislike ""walking simulators"", then move along."
,Not Recommended,417880,26140119,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,craig.w.johnston,"give it a miss, really enjoyed the previous, but not may save points when i was walking through40 mins and i can't save , forget about it"
,Recommended,417880,22542139,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,rainpants ☭,"This game looks stunning. It tells a stunning story, and you can really immerse yourself in it.The walking and exploration sometimes is a little slow and discourages you from exploring absolutely everything, but so much detail has been poured into the environment that it's a waste to rush through the story arc. However the story is cryptic at times, but you can link events together as you come across more of them, and in general it's a pretty great story.The soundtrack is always great, Jessica Curry is second to none (I purchased it on vinyl before the game was even released on PC).If you enjoyed Dear Esther, you'll love it."
,Recommended,417880,22542099,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Grundi,I feel like the people giving this game a bad review don't understand that this game a walking sim that is meant to be experienced.
,Recommended,417880,22464847,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,derrderrderr,"Everybody's gone to the Rapture is an interactive Novel/Walking Simulator similar to the likes of: Dear Esther, Gone Home, Vanishing of Ethan Carter etc.If that isn't your kind of thing, simply don't bother with this.Tldr:- Walking Simulator- Minimal Interactivity- Slow Paced- Beatiful Environments- Excellent Original Score- Non-Linear NarrativeNow that's out of the way: Everybody's gone to the Rapture is the best example of ""interactive fiction"" I've experienced to date.I couldn't put it down. The entire environment is immersive and emotive, with an intriguing plot brought to life by believable characters with some excellent voice acting.I genuinely sympathised for the plight of the villagers (despire any and all of their flaws).Although beautiful visually, I found I appreciated the subtlety in its direction more often than not.You are free to Roam and discover at your pace, although ultimately funneled towards the end, in vaguely whatever direction you choose. However you are often drawn to certain areas by visual or audio cues (light trails or a shift in sound to church bells ringing for example) to give you a nudge without forcibly dragging you by the hand.The original score and sound direction also complements the events perfectly and are well used to enhance the atmosphere.Although valid gameplay criticisms can be raised at it (slow walking pace, lack of minimap/menu screen map etc), the majority of these I feel are down to artistic choices to aid the immersion.The 'focussing' mechanic for some of dialog can be a little frustrating initially, but there is an option to simplify this.I had no issues performance-wise on high settings with a mid-range PC (i5-2500, 16GB RAM, R9 270x), although I note the lack of quick save is a shame as the autosaves are quite sparse.Everybody's gone to the Rapture is worth the asking price for the general attention to detail and care put into crafting the environment alone."
,Recommended,417880,22413250,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Hawara,Good graphics. Interesting story. And very awesome and atmospheric music. Overall just a very solid game for this price
,Not Recommended,417880,22965361,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Pier,"Beautiful, boring, and tedious. A narrative failure."
,Recommended,417880,22527058,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,HypeFree,"Great story, voice acting, soundtrack, art and a lot of things that you can, and probably will, miss on your first playthrough giving it a form of replay value."
76561197970774874,Recommended,417880,22414134,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Deluxius,"OMG. Being a big fan of Dear Esther I was really surprised today to see Everybody's Gone to the Rapture has been released for PC. Instant buy for me. Fantastic graphics, the details are off the scale. The music, sounds and voice-over are perfect and professional and the story is very mysterious and intriguing. Now I really hope a VR option will be implemented, that would make this game 11/10. A must have!!"
76561198023087362,Not Recommended,417880,22485275,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Silentstorm,Great graphics and music.BUTI couldn't find any story in there...Walking slowly for 2 hours and BAM! Nothing...
,Recommended,417880,22446539,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,TRYER,"A very beautiful game. The detail of the flying bee, butterflies and flower pollen floating in the air. The character lights moving around. The sunsets moving back and forth between scenes. The scenery of the trees, grass and houses. The voice acting. The amazing music score of gregorian, violin and chanting makes you want to just sit and listen.The walking could of been a tad faster. The ending could of been better. All in all, it was a very nice walking simuator.Game time is 5 - 8 hours. Worth $15 - $20. 4/5 Stars."
76561198094801045,Not Recommended,417880,28691207,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Vrsaran,the save game sistem is a joke. wtf 3 hours and no save point. orbs does not help
,Recommended,417880,22845138,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,WhiteButHip,"Eh. It's fine. Get it on a sale maybe. Recommended, but just barely"
,Recommended,417880,22573140,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Robin-169,The only problem I have with this game is the walking speed. It's kinda slow. Other than that I'm enjoying it c:
,Recommended,417880,22596188,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,CUDGEdaveUK,It is beautiful and real.I would like to live there and die. 10/10
,Recommended,417880,31112842,Posted: 13 April,all,B0st0n_ftw,To be completely honest....i was a little lost with the character's in the story.BUT overall this game was a fantastic feels trip that I wouldn't trade for anything. I personally think this game should have been listed for 39.99 because i feel like 19.99 was too cheap for such a graphically designed game.10/10 AMAZING
,Recommended,417880,23416817,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,-EOS- PatchesDaUndead,"I've only played like maybe 5 minutes on this game because no matter what graphic setting I put it on the frame rate is still fricken garbage (and I have a fairly decent computer). To sum up how decent my lappy is, I can play Fallout 4 on High settings with only shadows turned down to atleast medium or low and still squeeze out around 40fps. Reading some of the reviews I see that no matter what setting you put it on or how awesome your PC is, this game just refuses to run optimally.The story seems decent enough from what I've read and experienced within my 5 minutes of playing. Wish there was a 'meh' recommendation button on here because that is exactly what the game is. Meh. I don't necessarly NOT recommend it but I wouldn't buy it at it's full price. Wait till there's a really good sale on it."
76561198128469633,Recommended,417880,23309102,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,theedenstate,Yes.
,Not Recommended,417880,24300788,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,*PALE CROW*,"avoid itthe game suffers from alot of bugs and crashes that evevn the devs couldnt manage to count themyou will see them in disscusion topics but they all replay the same that "" their coders are suprised of your problem and crashes""yeah they were around to help ppl only on sale timesso i refunded iti have a good pc specs"
,Recommended,417880,22636616,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Neon,"Immaculate. Out of all the other amazing walking simulators I have played, this one is by far the best. This game took me longer to beat because I was always in awe of the crisp detail and spectacular beauty of the visuals. There was plenty to explore and discover in the humble village of Shropshire. I felt so attatched to the characters and part of their lives as well. The Chinese Room once again creates a real brilliant masterpiece and I couldn't stop listening to the soundtrack afterwards."
76561198002549182,Recommended,417880,22506976,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Gufubu,1 A
,Not Recommended,417880,22457240,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Zukku,"One of the worst games i've bought. If you love wasting time, this is your game. Don't get me wrong. I aprreciate the creators work on the enviroment and such. But the gameplay is dull. This is an almost non-exsisting interactive story game. The story didn't draw me in at all. You walk around in almost slow motion, listening and nothing more. You just listen to people talk about nothing really.It should have been a movie or something - not a game. Do not be fooled by the critics 5/5. It is an artistic game with beautiful graphics for sure! But it also suffers from terrible frame stuttering. I have an i5 & a GTX 970OC - I should have been able to play it smooth, but even on medium settings, it is horrible. It is the most boring thing I have ever touched.1/5"
76561198127772373,Recommended,417880,22465338,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Snow_Flake,"Finally another awsome little guilded adventure story game! all of the beautiful scenery and greatly tole story. (Its beautiful game, for the music great add on so much to the experince) The structure of the full tale is aweinspiring experience everyone should participate in! I recommend this game!"
76561198040827573,Recommended,417880,27783810,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Nezquick,This game is good.
,Recommended,417880,22651686,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Quiche81,"This is a difficult title to put into a genre, its not reallya game but more of a story that you walk through.It is very pretty, and I have no problems with it nor theprice I paid..However, now I have completed I will not play it againbecause I know how it ends, It really is a one time play.I recommend it only because its different..(Also, you cant skip the end credits and they go on forever, I actually Alt-Del end tasked after several minutes)"
76561198078208116,Recommended,417880,22557779,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,odoscoldbeak,"The Archers meets Quatermass!!The year is 1984 and a rural english villiage has been isolated by the Government due to a bizzare form of Ebola Sickness.  Also secret Experiments with  Space Telescope Radio Waves has brought to Earth a strange Alien Lifeform that takes the shape of Light Waves which  seem to have intelligence.  This life form is invading living humans reducing them to Atoms!!  For some  strange reason it is also converting their Clothing and property which is something the Programmers overlooked no doubt. The only signs of any ""Human"" life within the exclusion zone are radio transmitions by creepy Number Stations. All we know is that the player is being lead around by an Orb of Energy that replays the last moments of certain individuals lives....but is it here to help or to destroy?This is a very enjoyable and relaxing experience that slowly gets more and more creepy as we progress.  There are a number of elements borrowed from the Tin Foil Hat conspiracy theorists that are fun to unpack and explore.  Fans of old 1950's SciFi movies such a Villiage of the Dammed and The Bodysnatchers will love this...But it also has it's problems.  Most notably this game only allows the Player just One Profile and One profile only.  Secondly with this in mind the Game locks you in on the seconmd to last level.  This means that if there is any story you have missed or places you want to explore then Tough, you will just have to restart the game and do the whole things again from the beginning - a very annoying feature to say the least.Thirdly, and this is the real kick in the pants, is that this game dosen't have an actual ending to speak of, it just stops and thats that.  If you are expecting the ""Grand Finale"" of Dear Esther or the ""Full Circle"" of Amnesia then you are not going to get it here.  Even after being very careful to visit all the locations, to unlock all the conversations, listen to all the radio signals and telephone calls, switch on all the TV's (and make notes of the number sequences).....Heck I even played with the Train Set and Rode the Witches Hat....The final ""Character"" level is extremely short and then the game....well....just sort of ""Ends"".  In Fact one gets the distinct impression that the Team were very pushed for time and had to wrap things up in a hurry for a release date. I hope there will ba a patch or an update sometime because we, as well as the game itself, really should have an ending - even if it's an obscure one."
76561198042576053,Recommended,417880,22441272,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Lost in 3d,"Overall I like the game. I'm pretty tired of open world kill everything games(but I still play them because they usually have the best graphics). The graphics are nice. I'm playing it on very high settings @ 2k & 1080p on two different systems. 4k brings my fps down to 20-30 and only marginally looks better than 2k. Graphically many are saying great things but I feel its not quite up to the hype I've read. My currrent basis of comparisons are Witcher3, Rise of Tomb Raider, GTA V. It is beautifil but not all textures are equal and some really look like old DX9.0a while others are full on DX11. I really think gamma/brightness controlls would help here. I hope they'll add SLI support as this engine is still very demanding because, regardless of texture quality, the game is trying to render a lot of things.I don't want the dev's to feel bad about this port. Its a great game and a lot of fun to explore and experience. That's what its really about. Having played all the Crysis games many, many, many times, I think I'm familiar with what Crytek's engines can do and I'm always wanting more(Crysis 4?!?). The game is reasonably priced but you will need some strong but basic hardware to get the most NVIDIA(No SLI/Physx) wise, it does seem more optimized toward AMD but that makes sense considering its origin.A good game, I don't regret it, could be better optimized. Great concept/story."
76561198002267591,Not Recommended,417880,22498240,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Rayza,"Poorly optimised with a frame rate all over the place despite the graphics being average at best, also no 21:9 support. A poor follow up to Dear Esther imo. Refunded."
76561198030570438,Recommended,417880,22536645,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,ringod123,"If you like Dear Esther and/or Adr1ft then you will surely love Rapture.If you've never played a ""walking sim"" and are expecting something resembling ""regular"" gameplay then you could be dissapointed.The amount of detail poured into this idyllic English countryside setting is simply jaw dropping. The musical score, story and voice acting are all superb.If your English then imagine a really interesting episode of ""The Archers"" or a non-comedy episode of ""Dirk Gently"" (both are radio shows) and you have an idea of the production quality of the story and voice acting, which lend themselves to feeling like you're actually listening to a radio show.Ever since Dear Esther i have wanted something similar but on a much grander scale, Rapture has certainly scratched that itch, but (and maybe it's because im English and have wandered many a countryside village) after it ended i was left a tiny bit dissapointed at the lack of any caves or hidden nooks and crannies, actual places that make you go ""oooooh"" like dear esther did, rather than just relying on the detail and advanced graphics.Overall i can reccomend this game to people who already know they enjoy walking sims, this is the best there is and any/all negative points i have made above are because i wanted to write a balanced review and not just gush about the 5 hours i spent in game :DIf you've never been completely sold on walking sims then this would be the one over all else that could possibly change your mind, especially if you like being told a good story where you feel like your peicing it together yourself, but you'll probably feel like you paid more than you should.TL/DR:Love walking sims? Then this is highly reccomended even at full price.Not so fond of walking sims but like the look/story of Rapture? Then remember you have 2 hours to try it out, should get you through the first 2 ""chapters"", if it's not for you then no probs bob, get your refund, otherwise you'll probably feel more at home picking this up on sale at 40% off or more."
76561198055837109,Recommended,417880,22513436,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,ThroneX,Video -https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wQJUWwUzTL4Video 2 -https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SK25zPe7oa4&list=PLpBVLiNEBD_W_x6W9ZDN8xqAQ_yT8Mxpo&index=1Pros:- Environment and Graphics- Amazing atmosphere- Nice Story- Nice musicCons:- Boring and slow Walking- Bad ported- Bad optimised- 20 euroNote: 7.5/10
,Recommended,417880,22415573,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Wmply,"This game is simply stunning. The attention to detail is simply astounding. As an Englishman who was around in the mid eighties, I have to say that the entire village and surrounding landscape are spot on.  Very believable.Story wise, the tension builds, through remembered clips and radio reports. What starts off as relatively simple, becomes darker and more intriguing. Some dark overtones in the narrative encourage the player to move through the story, taking in the lush visuals, often led by a mysterious will o' the wisp.The only thing that I think of that is mildy irritating is that the automatic save points are a little too far apart, making it harder to play for half an hour or so."
76561198332162200,Not Recommended,417880,29462477,Posted: 24 January,all,Ensuno,I really  wanted to love this game but i just can't play i have spent 50 minutes just visiting around 8 houses why because ur slower than a ♥♥♥♥ing sloth it takes to long which is a sad thing especially since it has good music and amazing graphics and a good story to tell developers shouldn't be scared to make a game short look at inside around less than 5 hours yet critically acclaimed if u don't mind walking like a 80 year old and spend a lot of times just looking at the scenery than be my guest but for me imma just youtube the ending
76561198030746211,Not Recommended,417880,29569508,Posted: 29 January,all,jez1320,Don't have the time to walk at a snail's pace through the game.  Story is slow and doesn't develop fast enough.  The visuals and audio are great but the payoff isn't there.
,Not Recommended,417880,22489159,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Ginger Baker,"A walking simulator. You walk (slowly) and explore and the story unfolds through conversatiions left behind by the dead and from recordings also left behind. Beautiful graphics. Good voice acting, Some have praised the music but it's elevator music to me. It's sci-fi in an open small world. It is ultimately boring. The story is interesting but not exciting or engaging. If you like walking around looking at the scenery this is for you. It does have it's flaws. The biggest of which for me was the lack of the ability to save the game which meant I played it and lost it all twice. The game tells you that it automatically saves after certain keys scenes but It never happened. So prepare for a 4 to 6 hour (approximately) stroll in the country but don't count on saving and coming back where you left off. Save your money."
,Recommended,417880,22501977,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,春 #ProDon'tFake,Very emotional. With great soundtracks.
76561198023038253,Recommended,417880,22644689,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Napolejohn,Lovely graphics and music.Intriguing storyline.Decent voice-acting.Could do with a pair of roller-skates though to speed your movement - and a manual save option to speed your exit.All in all - A lovely game to dip into - a bit like Emmerdale meets Dr Who...
76561198100831865,Not Recommended,417880,24148848,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,greentea42,I THOUGHT IT WAS STUPID AND MADE NO SENSE WHAT A WASTE OF MONEY AND TIME!
76561198070985798,Recommended,417880,22495344,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Nevin,What I think about this game.Everybody's Gone to the Rapture Review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VgUIWXyhl_o
,Recommended,417880,22549550,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Ushio,it's beautiful.... and it's incredible! gonna love it <3
76561197972675436,Recommended,417880,22417113,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,wolfrik,"If you go with Sid Meier's assertion that a game is 'a series of interesting choices', you might not think this is a game. You can control your direction and everywhere you go is beautifully rendered but it's not a free roaming game in the tradition of GTA or Skyrim.So, anyone looking for Far Cry set in rural England should definitely avoid - but if, like me, you love an interactive story with a clever plot, decent voice acting, beautiful graphics and evocative music I'd definitely recommend."
,Not Recommended,417880,28618177,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,BlurBang,"well that feels like a massive waste of money.  can't save, can't figure out any of the controls...ugh.  anyone want to buy my copy."
76561198033470545,Recommended,417880,22626921,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,C. Viper,The environmemts are breathtaking.
76561197961554752,Recommended,417880,22416335,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,peeka,"This game is gorgeous. The terrain shaders/material is perfect (I looked at rocks during every audio sequence).I'm running a gtx9701080p""very high"" graphicsmotion blur offShadows on ""high""I'm getting a consistent 45~60fps.The only bad drops were specific points overlooking a lot of the town but that isn't simple ""optimizations"" that can be fixed. Really good job with the environment!!!"
,Not Recommended,417880,22482805,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,ヒーYuki,Trash
,Recommended,417880,22417840,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,nash.sara610,"So ever since I came across an article about this game I knew I had to play it. I am a sucker for any deep story game and this one has so much to it. Considering it's open world, it gives me the player to take my time and explore every ounce of detail that this beautifully constructed piece of art has to offer. Before I played, I listened to Jessica Curry's score over and over in complete awe of how it sounded. Now playing the game and listening to the music and sounds, it's just out of this world. I'm also a student at art school studying 3D animation, so seeing this game's lighting, modeling, textures, shadows, particles, JUST EVERYTHING IS GORGEOUS. And the little details with the particles leading the player to certain areas is such a nice touch. No not the AI lights, the actual light particles. But technicalities aside, if you really want to wind down after a long day, and just have an experience in a fiction English countryside that makes you wish you lived there, I HIGHLY recommend this to you."
76561198305726525,Not Recommended,417880,23223147,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,f.hardy2,Total waste of money worst game i have played
,Not Recommended,417880,24064620,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Qoren,i was hoping for a game like Myst but got this instead
,Not Recommended,417880,22734255,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Zed Clampet,The Chinese Room is just a group of pandering liberal morons. Don't give them your money.
,Recommended,417880,22435919,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,jimoth,"Great graphics, great acting, great story"
,Recommended,417880,22439713,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Nerdy_Rudi,"Wow....if you like Games like Dear Esther, would you love this. Gameplay is simple...walk and listen or activate the Sphere's. Find some secrets and feel free to explore the great designed nature and village. How long you enjoy the game is your choice. Sometimes ""walking"" is a little bit to slow and faster run would be nice. Great graphics, excellent voice actors and awesome soundtrack. 20 Euro for a very nice Journey like a interactive crossing of book and radioplay. Worth it"
76561198055476151,Recommended,417880,22457338,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,yferz,One of the most powerful experience-games out there. Strongly recommended.
,Not Recommended,417880,35188704,Posted: 24 September,all,Whisker,"Complex story, very well done environment, but ultimately a sad ending and nothing to do in the game but follow along."
76561198005444839,Not Recommended,417880,24196253,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,William_Dracul,"Nope. I went to sleep with the game on, 7-8 hours, that's the only reason I have 11 hours logged.And no. I don't agree with the story. I didn't like it. So, nope."
,Not Recommended,417880,31922045,Posted: 23 May,all,maikel,"The game is quintessentially English, no wonder the Guardian gave it so many stars. The village shown is an incredibly and mesmerising accurate representation of any English village. From what you see, to what you heard from the villagers.Would I recommend it? Hell no.Why? Just as every English village...is plain dull. You get bored very quickly with this game. It doesn't offer enough interaction. You just chase a ball, then sometimes that ball stops moving and you've got to find out what door opens and what door doesn't and this is specially the bit that gets the dullest of them all. Let alone the fact you cannot even run. From your xbox controller you only use the A button.PROS:Music, graphics, voices.CONS:Playability.PlotStorylines."
,Recommended,417880,22417874,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Real Left Shark,"I don't have a lot of time on the PC version, but I put many hours into the PS4 version when it came out!  This game is a lot like the Vanishing Of Ethan Carter, but different enough to where it is worth playing! The soundtrack, visuals and narrative are amazing. I would recommend to anyone who love spending time immersed in stories.  You have to know what kind of game you are playing to fully appreciate it.  This was my favourite single player game of 2015."
,Recommended,417880,22418744,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,☆=1PARA= Red Jim =T.O=☆,"Even though its quite short of a game i really enjoyed playing it, the gameplay was very immersive the storyline is good and it gets very immersive at times. I primarily just followed along the main part of the game not really doing much side tracking but i will definitely be playing it again just to go over the amazing locations which are graphically amazing.Im really glad i got this game"
,Recommended,417880,22418630,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,foofly,An evocative story matched with possibly the most well realised environment I've ever encountered. An astonishing achievement. 10/10
76561198258910782,Not Recommended,417880,29730441,Posted: 5 February,all,mangaliks,Absolutely terrible FPS usually sitting at less than 24FPS which is so much of a headache it feels uncomfortable to play
76561198038814206,Recommended,417880,22415432,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Serif1993,"The only issue I'm having are the framerate drops, which is kind of annoying given that I am running it on gtx 960 with 4gbs of memory, but I hope there will be a patch or driver update soon. Otherwise It's just what I was hoping for, Can't wait to play more."
76561197970517107,Not Recommended,417880,30172663,Posted: 25 February,all,Reo,Walk listen walk listen walk listen walk listen..zzzzzzzzzzzzz  Not even a good story.
76561198010598469,Not Recommended,417880,34175859,Posted: 11 August,all,colstv1,"I like a nice walk in the country side, just like most peaople, but this is just plain boring. Ive played this game - or should I say followed this game beacuse there is no gameplay so far - for a couple of hours and it is just you waliking around a village listening to a few ghosts having a chat. BORING. Great graphics though. Money back please."
76561198131733393,Not Recommended,417880,22417034,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Blood Seeker,No SLI supportNO 60 fpsEven at low980 gtxi7-4790
76561197970728489,Recommended,417880,22428724,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,fb1907thh,10 / 10
,Recommended,417880,22427253,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Rocky™,It's like an episode of 'Emmerdale' but everyones dead.
76561198141318805,Not Recommended,417880,30850802,Posted: 31 March,all,kingboa,what a wast of time and money
,Recommended,417880,31598084,Posted: 7 May,all,Top Nep,"く__,.ヘヽ.　　　　/　,ー､ 〉＼ ', !-─‐-i　/　/´／｀ｰ'　　　 L/／｀ヽ､/　 ／,　 /|　 ,　 ,　　　 ',ｲ 　/ /-‐/　ｉ　L_ ﾊ ヽ!　 iﾚ ﾍ 7ｲ｀ﾄ　 ﾚ'ｧ-ﾄ､!ハ|　 |!,/7 '0'　　 ´0iソ| 　 ||.从""　　_　　 ,,,, / |./ 　 |ﾚ'| i＞.､,,__　_,.イ / 　.i 　|ﾚ'| | / k_７_/ﾚ'ヽ,　ﾊ.　|| |/i 〈|/　 i　,.ﾍ |　i　|.|/ /　ｉ： 　 ﾍ!　　＼　|kヽ>､ﾊ 　 _,.ﾍ､ 　 /､!!'〈//｀Ｔ´', ＼ ｀'7'ｰr'ﾚ'ヽL__|___i,___,ンﾚ|ノﾄ-,/　|___./'ｰ'　　!_,.:"
76561197985544231,Not Recommended,417880,30920868,Posted: 3 April,all,MMMSEKISEKI,HORRIBLE!Just wandering around listening to people talk does not qualify as a game.
,Not Recommended,417880,28163288,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,DerCed,"Wow, I did not enjoy this at all. Slow paced, confusing and too little story. I still have no idea what was going on. If you like beautiful atmosphere and weather play witcher3 and you have a kickass story at least :)"
76561198115080208,Not Recommended,417880,22418042,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Autto Pilot,"If you want to have your brain melt out your ears, buy this game!"
,Not Recommended,417880,22413998,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Luke,This is like The Vanishing of Ethan Carter's ugly sister.
,Recommended,417880,23759149,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Nesatzuke,"After a few replays, I've changed my mind and decided to recommend this game. Why? Because this game deserves to be recommended. Below is my original review:* * * * * * * * * *I'd genuinely, really, wholeheartedly, like to recommend this game because the story, the mystery, the setting, the music are all-out wonderful and masterfully crafted. Not to mention the devs last game, Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs, is one of my most favorites.BUT! one major issue that drags every great aspect of this game under the ground is the snail-ish walking speed (and sprinting almost doesn't make any different). What made the devs thought forcing players to move like this would make us appreciate the game better is beyond my imagination. :(Anyway, I never thought ""the end of the world"" could be this emotionally beautiful."
,Recommended,417880,22856995,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,benn,"This game is beautiful for both your eyes and ears. There's a fix which enables Nvidia 3D Vision as well which makes it even more stunning. Loved this on the PS4, plays great on my PC as well. It is slow paced and there's no puzzles to solve, just a great story which you need to discover by exploring. Its not for everyone, but it can be a very emotional experence for those looking for something a bit different."
76561198259286115,Recommended,417880,22877775,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,jaimej,"Although this is more of a story than a game, I loved it.  You have limited ability to do anything other than walk/run but the story is totally engrossing and the graphics are beautiful. It all looks very similar to many little english villages near my home!Be warned though I found it very sad and emotional!"
76561198019861761,Recommended,417880,22851569,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,M*A*S*H [a.m24],"Wow... just wow! Just completed first playthrough of EGTTR... what an amazing concept. The graphics are just stunning, they maxed out my 980TI although apparently more optimisation is required but I didn't care when it got jerky occasionally as they were the best graphics I have EVER seen in a PC game... The cinematic music score is equally incredible and really rather haunting (best played on 7.1 headphones). This is not a game to rush through and there's no frantic action, more of a leisurely stroll exploring all the visual goodness that is available. The plot it pretty decent, still not sure I quite understand what happened here but I think that's kind of the point... Top tip - make sure you reach a save point before you quit though or you will lose your recent progress. If you want something you can dip into, lose an hour or two in a relaxing experience, this is definitely for you. That said, it does also build the tension quite nicely towards the end with the both the visual and audio atmosphere changing as the plot thickens. Is it the most exciting game I've ever played? No. Does it have the best graphics/audio score of anything I've played so far? Yes! Do I think it was money well spent, Yes. Would I buy it again/recommend it? Yes. Will I be playing it again. Yes! If you're in any doubt, just get it bought and give it a try, it does require some patience as it is NOT a fast paced game (although I believe a fast walk was availble on PS4 version, hopefully on this too) but to charge through it as fast as possible is to miss the point entirely... Anyway, enjoy!"
76561197979574624,Recommended,417880,22597137,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,niblic3rd,"Played the game from Start to Finish in almost 5 hours. The story and voice acting are fantastic, the music is to be honest breathtaking. There were times I stood still and listened to the music simply because I didn't want a near by event to stop it.Even though it was short, it put everything it needed into it without it feeling too packed in.I ran the game maxed out and got a solid 60+fps on: i7 6700k, 16gb DDR4, GTX 970 without any issues.I recommend this game to anyone who wants a good story that you can take in at your own pace and how you want to see it."
76561197973864561,Recommended,417880,23790363,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Laslo,"Pros:Very mysical atmosphere, keeps you engrossed from start to finish.You just want to find out what is going on.Nice clean graphics, not to mention the beautiful sound design.Cons:Run speed (and run implementation) is atrocious, so slow you skip a lot of exploring.End credits insanely long and not skippable (also runs amok on GPU power, what the hay?)"
,Recommended,417880,23848209,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,xboxter,"This was an interesting story, but I would have preferred at least minimal interactivity with the world, especially with it being so well crafted.. Still as a story telling device I was very drawn in."
,Recommended,417880,23803431,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,smallwombat,"Absolutely one of the most beautiful games I've ever played, obviously created with a great deal of love and care. I love ""walking simulator"" types of games, and this one is taking my breath away. It's a lot like being in a dream. The soundtrack fits beautifully, and putting the pieces together keeps things interesting. I am usually worried about missing things, but in this game, if you get close enough, something triggers, and while there are a few things that are a bit out of the way, so far I haven't run into anything that would be truly game breaking if missed (that being said, do venture off the path, even if there isn't something there, you won't regret it). Each area moves into the next remarkably well, I didn't find myself lost at any point, and I have a terrible sense of direction so that's a really good thing.The walking speed may be slow, but I keep finding more and more screen shots to take because it just provides more time to take in the scenery - which is stunning. If you consider the way the story plays out, it wouldn't make a lot of sense for it to go quickly. (I wouldn't object to an option to move faster, if it made people happy, but I wouldn't use it. This is a journey-not-destination sort of game, and if you're looking for fast paced, this game isn't for you anyway). As for replay value, the atmosphere will almost certainly be worth revisiting. As it is, I'm taking my time before reaching the end, because I don't want it to be over before I've had time to really enjoy the experience. I've been waiting for this to be available on PC, and I'm so glad to finally be able to play it.Edit: Finished the game. It did not disappoint."
76561198001076060,Recommended,417880,23829400,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Tomcat0815,"I've bought ""Everybody's Gone to the Rapture"" for 9,99 EUR during the steam summer sale 2016.I was looking forward to thi sgame since I heard The Chinese Room will be doing another game after ""Dear Esther"" and I was very sad after I heard it as only gonna come out on consoles.The more happy I was when I heard the ported it do PC.I really enjoyed the atmosphere, the music and the excellent graphics.Level design is pretty awesome, so many details gotten right other games never do. Like working light switches, proper dimensions of most things in the landscape, or pallets under large crates (because how the frack would you move the crates otherwise?) and stuff like that.The wheat fields are also very beautiful. Everyone interested in 3D level design should have a look at this game, because I am sure you can learn a lot from it.I have only completed the main story arc yet, but I am sure I am going to return to this game quite a few more times because there is so much more to explore. Also, it's a kind of a holiday in England.I really enjoyed this game and recommend it to everybody who likes these kind of games."
76561198188734325,Recommended,417880,24447940,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,^5Guernica,"Okay so let's start off by saying only buy this game if you enjoy walking simulators. Overall it's a good game with a pretty decent story and a great atmosphere. But when I say 'walking simulator' this game is the walking simulator of walking simulators. There is little intereacting between your charater and the world, aside from the radios, telephones, and light orbs you encounter. Also be warning the walking is very slow... very slow.Pros:- Story is psychological-type, where you must uncover the truth- Great character development- Great voice acting- Graphics and environment are top notch- Amazing atomosphereCons:- Not as much player interactions compared to other walking sims.- WALKING SPEED.- One of the main problems I had with the game was walking.. The movement speed is horrendously slow andthe sprint takes time to build up, really only doubling your normal movement speed, if that. The other problemis when you do sprint, you must hold down the key (defualt shift). Since you find yourselve sprinting everywhereyour finger starts to get numb.- May loose your sense of direction if new to walking sims.May sound negative but I really do reccommend this game, really great atmosphere like The Vanishing of Ethan Carter or The Cursed Forest. The story does make you think and connect dots if you're into that kinda thing.Cheers!"
76561198004678281,Recommended,417880,23935430,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Candy Corpse,"I loved the game!Music is excellent, story is decent and reminds me on a certain book from H.P. Lovecraft, atmosphere is outstanding as well as the graphics.Controls are a little sluggish and you move at the speed of a (slow) snail even when sprinting which doesnt always work... With the steam controller it was pretty much unplayable for me.Unlike the previous game from ""The chinese Room"" called ""Dear esther"", this game is a lot longer."
,Recommended,417880,24942171,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,ioang,"This was a close run thing, but overall I'd recommend, as it won me over in the final act.Before that it was a bit frustrating. I actually love this genre ('walking simulators') usually, but there were a few things which I struggled with. Firstly, the script and acting were both incredibly hammy and overwrought, and really took me out of what should have been a really atmospheric game. I heard they used 'The Archers' actors? Well, it seemed like it. Compared to similar games like Firewatch and Gone Home, the acting and script were subpar.Having said that, that atmosphere ramped up in the climax and the game is simply STUNNING. And what a brilliant, original setting (even if a few things annoyed me - like beer bottles in the pubs with ALL THE BOTTLE TOPS STILL ON - why are they on tables???)Worth picking up in a sale, I'd say."
76561197970719787,Recommended,417880,24959064,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Zen Cuckoo,"First off, it does look nice and I didn't suffer from any particular issues with frame-rate and the like (running on an old(ish) PC with a GTX960 and playing on TV via Steam link).It is weirdly engaging in a kind of 'The Archers meets Quatermass' kind of way - but it is basically just walking round a village while blinky lights talk to each other.Damning with faint praise but its a 'nice' game - a sunday afternoon sort of thing - if you have absolutely nothing else better to play/do.Glad I played it, have absolutely no urge to play it again.Recommended for a change of pace - as you do wlk VERY slowly"
,Recommended,417880,26988086,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,trall,"Well, the story and graphics are nice, but it is too expensive. But if you have some money to throw away (as I do), I recommend this game."
,Recommended,417880,26929302,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Matma,"If you liked The Chinese Room first game: Dear Esther, you may like this one even more. With a superior production level overall. But if you didn't like Dear Esther -specially the gameplay part- I wouldn't recommend it. You walk around with minimal interaction and just basically ""absorb"" the experience. Though the story is more clear and less ambiguous, so if you'd like to give it a chance, that would be the part I would reccomend for you.Personally I loved it. Immersion is the word that first comes to mind when I think about this game. From the orchestral, almost ""pastoral"" soudntrack to the ambient sounds of rural England, it doesn't fail to make you feel there and then (it's set in the 80's).It's a story about humanity and our connections to each other in the face of an apocalyptic event. A story with a supernatural background but with a deeply human core. Definitely an experience I only experienced in video games.The only negative I have it's the difficulty recognizing the characters, as they are only shown as iluminated siluetes. So if you have the same problem you should turn subtitles on (they show the name of whoever is speaking)."
76561198025788446,Recommended,417880,22840801,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,RottenHedgehog,"I highly enjoyed Everybody's Gone to the Rapture! All the nicely interweaved characters, the way the world is build, how you explore what did happen, the personal fate everybody had. I also love games where most of the story and explanations are created in your head and not by the game itself. EgttR is the kind of game you can endlessly discuss and interpret after playing it through, ending up nearly replaying it a second time to make sure you understand every bit of it.If you loved The Chinese Room's Dear Esther, you should definitely get this game and explore the heartbreakingly beautiful world that is Shropshire after the incident! Hooray for Walking Simulators ;)There is only one thing you should take into account: Check your hardware specs! I have a pretty new gamer PC I got myself recently, which is the reason I had only a few performance issues near the end. But the game is already slow (which I agree is much too snaily) and this will kill the fun!"
76561198024987205,Recommended,417880,26857672,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Beardoin,"Feels very much like an interactive movie with its cinematic approach to the visuals, story telling and musical compositon, reminds me in a way of 80's cold war era films where they think of a future after nuclear war has started, In a way, it reminds me in elements of the film 'When the Wind Blows' as they are both based in the same era and location (Rural 1985 england)"
,Recommended,417880,26196663,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Reyedog,It's a good story to be witness to.  It'll be interesting if they ever make a version for VR.
,Recommended,417880,26570130,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Rocktart,"Slow build of a game telling a story as you explore a village and surroundings in rural England.I found the sense of time and place generated by the detail of the recreation of the village helped anchor the story which emerged as I went around.It is true that you just walk around (irritatingly slowly) and have very little interaction with the world - that's inherent in how they chose to tell this story. I found the speed did help to make the whole experience increasingly creepy.An interesting experience and story, well presented but not without its annoyances.Oh, and the soundtrack is fabulous."
,Recommended,417880,26520575,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Bodie,Triggered an existential crisis.10/10 must see friends and family more often.
76561198254842545,Recommended,417880,28690219,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,fresica,"A beautifully crafted story that manages to be both minimalist and fully fleshed out, set to a stunning soundtrack.  Everything about this game complements everything else seamlessly, creating a fully immersive atmosphere that took my breath away."
,Recommended,417880,28692331,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Aristarchus,"As a fan of Dear Esther, I was immediately interested upon learning about Everybody's Gone to the Rapture. I have no problem with ""walking simulators"" provided they deliver an engaging, powerful story. Like The Vanishing of Ethan Carter, Everybody's Gone to the Rapture does just that.It took me just under 5 hours to play through. The voice-acting and graphics are top-notch. Sure, I wouldn't have minded walking a tad faster, but I never felt I had to eggregiously criss-cross the map so the speed was a minor annoyance. Otherwise, this was better, longer entertainment than many a movie I've seen that cost more. I picked EGthR for $11CAD on a Steam Sale. A good price for a good story. Five stars."
,Recommended,417880,28569529,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Jerry921,"Well this game is definitely not for everyone. It is a very slow paced game! On the other side though it is very well thought out and has great imagery and detail. The game is set in 1984 and the items found throughout the game are specific for that year. I did notice a few things that were gotten wrong with some of the items presented but nothing that takes the authenticity away from the game’s attire. I think the biggest mistake on the imagery that I noticed was the number of buttons on what looked like it was representing the MB Simon game that was very popular during that time. I really liked that all of the items depicted were very recognizable if you grew up or lived through the early and mid 80’s.  The Commodore computers, Okidata printers, and Simon games among many other odds and ends items for that time.For the game play itself, you have to search and if you don’t you miss out on a lot of old remembrances from that time period. One thing I will note if you are playing this game you have to go to the Settings menu and under Accessibility and enable Simplified Event Tuning, this will help so much through the game. The game is engaging and definitely worth the time it takes to go through it. I don’t want to give away anything in the game which should be experienced by the player.If you want something that is beautifully illustrated and enchanting or something that will remind you of your childhood or teenage years (if you lived through the 80’s) this is a good way of steeping back in time for a bit. One other thing that if you haven’t figured out or heard about the game, you are the only character in the game. All other characters are part of the story the game presents so there is no direct interaction and it is more of a walk to find items and pieces of the story as you progress.I found it enjoyable and will be playing it again just so I can explore the world it presents more and find things I might have missed the first couple of times I’ve played it."
,Recommended,417880,29044358,Posted: 5 January,all,gia,"An incredibly atmospheric and story-rich game. Walking simulator meets visual novel meets interactive movie. Such a fantastic and emotional game. The attention to detail was astounding and showed you how much the devs cared about the world they wanted you to immerse yourself in. I will definitely be playing this again. The ending gave me the chills as it made me recall the end of BioShock: Infinite a bit. Every phase of this game's production was so carefully tended and thought out. This game was definitely not just a game and more of an experience, like an interactive movie.My only cons about this game were bugs I encountered: the running feature not working and the steam achievements not working. Those are both minor at worst, still a 10/10 game for me.Also, wouldn't mind the soundtrack being released as DLC. Please and thank you."
,Recommended,417880,28967444,Posted: 2 January,all,TommysZ,"I'd recommend this game to anyone who gets caught up in atmosphere.At first you start to wander and hear the locals talk, you get more caught in the scenery.But as you walk further, those characters really take you in.You hear that they thought about airstriking the place and that struck me.Because the scenery looks lovely and you wouldn't think anythin' like it would happen there really.The way they've done the effects where you follow the light and it all goes dark when you listen to the dialogue, is very cinematic. The only thing i do note is that the light moves right into the screen... it moves in an odd away. But i guess that's magic.Personally, i compare this game to the Vanishing of Ethan Carter. It gives you the same sort of feeling. Only this game does have it's own story and presents it in it's own way.The map is begin enough to explore and although you have to follow a storyline, you feel free to go as you please.This game takes you in and i believe the price is only fair."
,Recommended,417880,28973266,Posted: 3 January,all,n3dst4,"I want to give the art team a big hug and thank them for making something so beautiful and evocative. This game is a pleasure to look at.Sadly it's not a pleasure to be in. I want to have a frank conversation with the game designers and ask them about all the baffling decisions they made. Why do we have to walk so slowly, with a weird ""run"" mechanic that doesn't work half the time? Why did they think that following a yellow dot around the village would be more fun than exploring it organically, following clues? Why did they ignore the opportunity to make anything at all interactive, except radios and telephones?Lastly, based on the audio recordings we hear, the population of Yaughton was generally so unpleasant and dreary that frankly I'm glad they're all dead.We spend a lot of time hearing characters moaning, yelling, or crying about the sci-fi nonsense that underpins the story and yet throughout, we never anything interesting about anyone  - I can't come up with any words to describe any of the characters without resorting to job descriptions and ethnicities. We don't even learn anything interesting about the aforementioned sci-fi elements.This game is in many ways a spiritual successor to Dear Esther: it's gorgeous, empty, not as smart as it thinks it is, and entirely misses the point of why someone might want to be told a story as a first-person experience rather than as a film.So why am I leaving a ""thumbs up recommended"" rating with this review? Because I can't unequivocally say you shouldn't play it. It's beautiful, for one thing, and I'd hate to discourage anyone from seeing it. Secondly, I feel like Chinese Room are trying to do something important. We should encourage that, and it's worth the price just to increase the chances of having more narrative, beautiful games in our futures."
,Recommended,417880,28963943,Posted: 2 January,all,titpecker,"mostly a walking sim. lots of walking. gotta love that walking. it removes all that ugly game play and gets straight to the real fun, walking. and if you think theres gonna be any running you are wrong, you would be looseing alot of chances for walking."
,Recommended,417880,28846104,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Adidas,"Build by the studio of ""Dear Esther"" fame, EGttR featurs astounding graphics (works well: 60pfs at 1440p), a soundtrack to die for and the most beautiful scene transition I've ever seen in any game, bar none.Thankfully, it's not a short title (took me 7hours, taking my time), the story is engaging (but warning: practice your characterization skills by watching a couple of midsommer murders episodes, the narratives criss cross each other and names are only mentioned once or twice).The game is not perfect: technical snags (such as yellow flowers bending at 4fps in the distance while the game runs at 60fps), there are repeated sequences which feel a bit lazy, and I could have done with less reused assets (everyone wears the same shoes and ride the same bikes in Shropshire?)The Chinese Rooms's attempt at 'open world' is also a bit hit and miss. Of course, had this been on rails they would have been crucified in the reviews, so I suppose there's no winning this. But open world + slow move speed due to a hit and miss 'run' feature == a bit of frustration exploring the otherwise gorgeous vistas. I would have liked a bit more handholding, after all, walking simulator titles are meant to be interactive movies, not skyrim-like RPGs.This games gets a 'recommend' from me, and I can't wait for the next title. I do hope the developers will this time take a leaf from titles such as ""Dr. Langeskov, The Tiger, and The Terribly Cursed..."" as these have learned to innovate the genre a great deal."
,Recommended,417880,28882692,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Hurstan,Pros:Amazing SoundtrackGreat StoryGreat GraphicsCons:Super slow walking makes the game tediousHas a lot of glitches/bugs for a finished game
76561198111898971,Recommended,417880,29171332,Posted: 10 January,all,hobbitshire,"Everybody's Gone to the RaptureIf you don’t want to read my reasons why then let me save you some time and suggest you jump down to the ‘Conclusion’ heading at the bottom of this review.My in depth review:StoryIt’s 1984.  A village in Shropshire.  A celestial ‘event’ occurs.  A quarantine is put in place due to an unknown malady.  The village is now completely devoid of human activity.  It appears that everyone has vanished without a trace.  You enter the village.  The game begins ...............In the genre of science fiction, the game is presented like a radio drama (think ‘The Archers’ meets ‘The Twilight Zone’) by means of interaction with supernatural orbs of light.  Once these orbs are triggered, ‘echos’ of the last few hours and days are replayed as they happened in that particular location in the game.  Radio and telephone messages also play a key role in the development of the story.As the story is non-linear you can follow the light rigidly or develop the story in your own way following the light and triggering the story events as and when you wish.  How much of the story you consume is up to you.  The end result is the same.Game PlayThis is an open world, exploration, walking type simulator driven by narration.  There is little interaction with the open world.  Some doors and gates open but many do not.  Some electrical appliances can be activated but that’s about it.  This side of the game is slightly disappointing as on the surface there is so much eye candy but that’s all it is.  In my mind, exploration involves using your hands, not just your eyes but there just wasn’t enough of it for my liking.Game/story progression via the orbs and the ‘echos’ of the past are well presented and make for interesting and unusual game play.Even the human side of the game works.  The village is a close knit community.  Everyone knows everyone else’s business which has its advantages and disadvantages.  The story also addresses the matter of prejudice in the form of the games protagonist (Kate) who we learn is someone of colour and how the insular views of others affect her and her relationship with others.The voice acting is of a high quality.  The script is well written and the dialogue feels natural across the board to the point where I often felt like I was standing behind people prying into their conversations.The atmosphere is nicely balanced.  It’s eerie but not creepy or frightening at all.  The mysterious orbs of light never feel malevolent but rather benevolent.  There is an overarching melancholy to the game but it stops short of being overly sad or depressing.Tourist maps are frequently placed around the open world and were occasionally useful.The layout of the world felt natural and believable and there always appeared to be at least 2 routes available.  You can stick to the road system or go off road across fields and through forests via public footpaths.  Even this didn’t feel forced as many rural parishes in England still work like this today.ControlsThis is an area of the game of which much has been talked online.  It basically comes down to the player’s speed of movement.  It’s so slow.  Now don’t get me wrong, moving through the game like Lara Croft would be ridiculous and completely wrong for this game but the default speed is just too slow and feels unnatural.  For a game that is relying so heavily on immersing the player in this world you don’t want the player to be constantly thinking “why am I moving so slow?”A ‘run’ button was revealed late in the day for many.  If you’re using an Xbox controller, it’s the right trigger button.  This button name is deceptive though as what it actually does, and apparently only in certain environments, is makes you walk faster ................. by a fraction.  The game doesn’t allow you to run anywhere, ever.  This ‘fast walk’ button is a more natural in game walking speed and should be changed to become the default.The bottom line is that, while developers should be able to fulfil their vision, the player should be able to choose the speed of movement in which he/she wants to traverse the world and ultimately how much time they want to invest in it.A second but less problematic issue was the triggering of the orb ‘echos’.  When you first encounter one a visual animation of the Xbox controller appears and highlights the buttons and movement needed.  “Ok, that’s useful,” I thought to myself.  However, this animation by itself doesn’t accurately describe the mechanism or the objective.  I had to search online to find the answer.  In my book that’s unacceptable.  That’s the responsibility of the developers, not Google.The solution is to think of it like tuning in an old analogue radio station, like manually turning a dial back and forth.  Once you locate the signal you need to hold it in place until the signal locks.If you prefer not to interact in this way then this feature can be switched off in the settings menu.  Presumably, you will then get a much simpler interface to use when encountering the orbs.VisualsThe world created is exquisite and at times jaw dropping.  It was easy to forget that this village doesn’t really exist but is someone’s creation.  The attention to detail is amazing and particularly the period detail.  All the paraphernalia of the 1980’s is on show - Rubik’s cubes, old analogue telephones, brick sized mobile phones, playground equipment that would probably be banned these days due to healthy and safety issues.  House decor, furniture, transport, pub menus - nothing has been overlooked in giving the game a fully authentic feel.  The research in to this period has to be commended.Being a game set in the rural English countryside the vegetation had to be done right else it would be too distracting.  They nailed it.  Despite walking through miles of forest, fields and green spaces not once did I think I was walking through the same patch as I did say 10 minutes ago in another location.If I was to be a touch nitpicky then I’d like to have seen more realism within the homes themselves.  It seemed like this was an area of the world that needed more time in development.  It’s not that they were sparsely furnished but rather that there was too much similarity and not enough mess and general appearance of being lived in.AudioThe soundtrack is beautiful and shifts in relation to conversations and significant game events.  There is much choral music with the backing of stringed arrangements which adds to the ethereal mood of the game.Another nice touch is that depending on location you can hear ambient noises and voices that appear to travel as if on the wind but are actually wrapped up within the moving orb.  For example, when on the football pitch you can hear the crowds and when in the playground you can hear the children playing.ConclusionEverybody's Gone to the Rapture is a fully fleshed out and atmospheric open world which is engrossing and believable.  It’s exquisitely designed and visually a joy to look at.  It’s almost like going on a weekend break in the Cotswolds except without all the people.  The story has depth and is thought provoking.  The game was still lingering in my mind days after playing it and I love it when a game does that.The issues discussed above proved to be minor frustrations that, whilst always present, didn’t spoil the overall game experience.  You soon adapt to the speed of movement.I really recommend it but due to the game play issues and the length of the game being relatively short, I would wait until it is on offer before shelling out.  The speed of movement issue would also deter me from replaying it so that also has to factor into the overall value of the game."
,Recommended,417880,29131105,Posted: 8 January,all,Thorens666,"I was a bit worried starting this game. There were quite a few bad reviews ranging from ""slightly boring"" to ""borderline unplayable because of the slowness"". Although I can see where these people are coming from, they started Rapture with the wrong mindset, I think.I myself am a big fan of the so called ""Walking simulator"" because they play like you are part of some of the most original artsy movies I've seen. And that is mainly because they give you time to explore gripping stories at your own pace.And boy, is this a gripping story. Scratch that, it's so many stories interwoven. It's a glimpse into humanity and daily life. It's absolutely ****in brilliant, this. If you take your time to explore Rapture (and you will need some time, there's a lot of walking around to do, and you are slow-footed), the result is one of the most human storyline I've seen told by  a game.After I finished I went to look up what everyone else was saying about the people and the stories in this game. And that for me tells of a good story: one where you keep thinking about it, long after it has been told.In short, there are many positives to this game:Brilliant story (or stories)Insanely beautiful graphics and level designWonderful (and fitting) soundtrackTop notch voice actingBut also, some negativesSlow. In pace and narration. So, not for everyone.A lot of the otherwise mostly open world feels glued down or locked.Tl;dr: Play this. Please."
,Recommended,417880,29986290,Posted: 17 February,all,CrazyKitty20,"The gameplay is simplistic and relaxing and the story makes you want to carry on playing. The environment you explore is very well designed and beautifully captivating, the dialogue is well done and makes you want to carry on exploring the environment to discover more. I liked how the people aren't given a lot of shape so the player can imagine their characters, this makes it a unique experience. Just what is expected from the creators of Dear Esther.The main criticisms i have of this game is i wish that the walk cycle would be slightly quicker and that the auto saves were more frquent as you can find yourself replaying parts often.But overall a great game and i would recommend it as well as the creators other game Dear Esther."
,Recommended,417880,29358124,Posted: 19 January,all,HoldinHolden-Twitch,"I'll keep this short and sweet.This is one of the best, and most frustrating games I have EVER played.Yes, it's walking simulator, but the story is beautiful and gripping, and leaves you thinking about what it all meant for days following. Without ever seeing a single character, with only voices, you get to know each of them intimately, and grow to care about them throughout the course of the game.And the soundtrack- SO. DANG. GOOD.Now the bad- I have a decent computer, it's not the best, but it doesn't have trouble running games. I've NEVER had as many issues with other games as I did with this one. The lag. I had to turn down the resolution almost all the way, which is a bummer because this is a beautiful game. And the CRASHING. Over, and over, and over, making the game take twice as long, forcing me to repeat certain scenes, and miss out on a lot of the story because any time I tried to go certain places (like the windmill, for instance) I knew it would crash again. And since there's no manual save, you're basically screwed.That being said- it's still a worthwhile game to be played. I just wish it ran better."
,Recommended,417880,29351631,Posted: 18 January,all,Jorsh,"Admittedly, I am a sucker for these types of games.  I loved Abzu, Gone Home, telltale adventures, etc.  Everybody's Gone to the Rapture surpasses all of them for me.  I was continually impressed by the graphics of this game, especially the lighting and the sense of detail in every place I went.  The use of light as both an aesthetic tool and guidepost is amazing.  I also found the voice acting to be top notch, clear, crisp, well acted and moving, it gave character to the blob like light clouds making up the townspeople.I can't really say much about the story since I wouldn't want to spoil it and I'm not sure I understand it, but the characters are fleshed out and really make you feel that you know them.  The sense of place and community in this game is second to none.  These developers have scored a lifelong fan and this game will take a special place in my library as I'll remember it for years to come.  9/10, truly great."
,Recommended,417880,29401062,Posted: 21 January,all,ebassi,"A wonderful experience, and a work of art.The pros:+ The story is layered into the whole world, not just in terms of narrative, but also in the various bits of context you gather up throughout the game; you can glimpse the personal history of each character, and this gives the world texture.+ The soundscape is amazing. The voice acting is terrific; the background music is great; and the sound effects all around immerse you into both the narrative and the world.+ The graphics are great; the light effects are incredibly well-rendered, as they are especially important to the story, but everything else is top notch quality.The cons:- The graphics are *really* heavy; my gaming rig was clearly suffering until I reduced the details from the defaults. I have a fairly beefy machine, and I still lost frames.- The pacing of the ""main character"" is way too slow. Coupled with the frame drops, it makes walking around a slog. I know there's a ""do a short sprint"" key, but even with that you won't really be walking any faster.- The interaction model to ""unlock"" parts of the narrative is a bit wonky, and you never know if it's working correctly.All in all, I deeply enjoyed this game. I'll probably just play again a bunch of times just to squeeze every single bit of the world of Rapture."
,Recommended,417880,33615880,Posted: 17 July,all,Friendo,"While the premise of this game may not be for everyone, I personally enjoyed it immensely and would recommend it whole-heartedly.Everybody's Gone to the Rapture (like most games that the Chinese Room produces) is a walking sim, relying heavily on story, visuals, and sound to make up for a lack of actual gameplay. That being said, the musical score and the atmosphere of the town is amazing and truly blew me away.If you are someone who gets bored easily or specifically enjoys games that require a lot of interaction, then Everybody's Gone to the Rapture is not for you. However, if you are patient and willing to immerse yourself in the mystery and beauty of the eerily empty town of Yaughton, then this game is well worth a buy."
76561198005977174,Recommended,417880,35190787,Posted: 24 September,all,Kogirius,"A complex awe-inspiring narration-focused art installation in a beautiful video-game form for the patient gamer who wants to catch some deep feels. Yes, it is slow - but it rewards patience and attention to details, hardly very long and running would not make it better. Yes, it is simply about human relationships with a Ray Bradbury-like sci fi twist - but the themes are explored in a deeply moving, sophisticated and philosophical way. Yes, it was badly optimized at one point - but they have fixed it, and the game is a painterly beauty, nothing like a cheap indie project. The fact that this game was made is a goddamn miracle, it is just too honest and loved and artistic. Great writing and voicing, music, visuals, ideas and flow. This baby almost made me cry and I still have goose bumps whenever I see the logo."
