user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,417990,19575470,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Rice][Cube,"Major/Minor is a prime example why Steam Greenlight and Yolo Army shouldn't exist.This ""game"" isn't actually a game, but a ""visual novel"" which means there's no actual gameplay despite the developer constantly bragging about being an experienced professional game designer. The writing is on par with that of a middle schooler's, the story is full of plot holes and events that make absolutely no sense, and the characters are uninspired and one-dimensional. Within the first five minutes of the game you are told about the developer's self-insert character who is literally treated like he's some kind of god that everybody in this fictional world obsesses over as if it were some kind of weird perverted fantasy of his. Basically the entire story is based on this guy's fursona and how great of a person he is despite (spoiler alert) being killed. In fact, there's no development in any of the characters at all. There are visual novels in the store with much higher quality than this, and they cost only a fraction of the price.Now you may start labelling me as a hater or a pessimist because ""Rice, what about the Mostly Positive overall score?"" Here's where that comes in. Most of the positive reviews are from furries, notably friends of the developer or his followers on social media. Most of the negative reviews are from gamers inside and outside of the furry fandom who sat through this trainwreck and actually analyzed the faults. Meanwhile, all of the positive reviews are made by furries who think ""this game has furries in it, so it's automatically good!"". If you don't believe me just look at the scores on the negative reviews and compare them to the positive ones.There was barely any effort put into creating this product. The developer is only using it as a tool to exploit furries into buying it to further promote his agenda to sit at the cool kid's table while making enough money to buy pornography of his character. To him his reputation as a popular furry is more important than creating a quality product.If you think I'm being too critical or jaded about this, just Google ""Klace"" and go ahead and see the dozens of others who share the same outlook as me.tl;dr this game sucks and it's only getting praise because it has furries in it"
,Not Recommended,417990,19572831,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Curus Keel,"TL;DR: Save your $20 andread this hilarious blast of a playthrough. I'd pay $20 to read that, and not this mess of a ""game"".Previous Versions:First VersionSecond VersionThird VersionFourth VersionI don't recommend this game, it is a complete waste of time that only serves to promote the developer.In M\M's inspiration, Persona 4, you had plenty of choices within the game world, some of which are beneficial in their own right and tie into core aspects of the game. Here? You're shunted into a linear story path with little variation, or even alternative stories to try out for increased content. The extent of your interactivity is advancing in RPG Maker dialogue boxes, for the entire game. So not interactive that there's apamphlet sized guideon all the choices within. Obviously, this gets very boring after a while, something especially funny considering that the player character is explicitly handed a reality warping power from the outset. It's both lazy to give an ultimate Deus ex Machina power to the main character, and ironic when framed in a visual novel that's isn't very interactive even for them. It baffles me that the developer uses RPG Maker and has no ambition to use much of it besides the dialogue. When others say ""the game has potential"", I agree, but the developer's clearly not using that potential.The plot? It can be described as Persona 4 with the interesting bits replaced with fur, so you are left with a skeleton version of the ""Midnight Murders"" plot in urban Japan, from the perspective of a foreigner who got all their knowledge of Japan from other anime and visual novels, and nether bothering to research beyond that. As such, it feels like a theme park mish-mash of Japany things, with furs for basically no reason other than community appeal. It's clearly trying to mime Persona 4 with the basic setting, a magical another world, and a mysterious cataclysm that only you can stop, but completely misses out on the elements that makes that game good.The art? Well... on further reflection, it's actually quite good. The game still doesn't use multiple expressions despite being promised since the start and being ""worked on"", and the clothing design choices on the female characters are rather questionable, but overall the art is very well executed. It shouldn't suprise you to hear that this was not done by the dev, but by independent artist PawziClawzi. This will be the only positive thing I say about the game.The characters? A good majority of them are self inserts. Like the developer Klace, an -in-universe pop star who somehow gets away withwearing this fetishistic mishmash of an outfit in public. Yes, this is how he looks like in the actual game. He dies early on, but is still a posthumous focus. In fact, nearly everyone else is a self-insert, to the point where you could throw a stone in the world and hit someone's OC. Everyone's played flat, and you'd be hard pressed to really care about others in the world.In essence, this is an uninspired visual novel that isn't good at what visual novels should be good at. It could have been released for free and be ultimately inoffensive, but for $10, are you freaking kidding me? Not even worth it as a joke gift, and once you get over the furry parts, it's not even that good even as a joke. Let's not forget that the developer chose to flag this review and another highly helpful negative review for superficial reasons in an attempt to get Valve to remove them, and tried to cultivate an echo chamber where he could pass off negative reviews as being made by internet trolls and have people believe him. And even afterhe apologized, the developer chose to passive aggressively insult me behind my back on his Facebook after I made a truce with him. All that and more are recorded inthis document.(EDIT: After the review was written, the price jumped up to $20. Jesus.)This game looks good if you are casually observing it, but look any deeper and the cracks show. At least the next game which the developer is publishing looks like an actual game, but since this has been a major stain on his reputation... will it really fare that well?ADDENDUM 1 (04/10):On further inspection of the characters in the game, it turns out that every single male character in this game and the heavily featured yellow/purple female wolf, Daz, is someone else's fursona. Yes, seriously. Of the 24 characters planned for or appearing in the game, only 4 - Eclair, Trish, Max, and Jade - are actually original to the game. This may explain their bizarre lack of design unity, seemingly ill-fitting traits (such as Kila's blue fur or Rook's inexplicable green augmentations/patterns), or how some seem to have characteristics unfitting of their backstories or role in game. They made sense for the fursona, but the developer couldn't figure out how to have them make sense in the game world.Seriously, if you search for a randomly selected character's name on FurAffinity, you will find at least something either related or unrelated to the game that depicts the character and links to the person that owns said character. The few that I couldn't find there have their own accounts on Facebook depicting their characters in some manner. The only purpose of this game, from what I have seen, is to be a vehicle for these self-inserts and the developer's wallet.Despite this, I do not condone harassment of those whose characters are involved in the game. I will not publicly link the accounts of those involved.ADDENDUM 2 (04/10):I found the game's writing to be very bad and very boring, but this takes the cake:There is a particular scene in Chapter 4 where one of the main characters, Singe, is holding a press conference to reassure safety after Klace's own mysterious death, stipulating that nobody should leave, and promising that he's using hired guards alongside equipment from the Armstrong security corporation to ensure safety. This provokes the hired guard in question, Acheron, to chew Singe out for lining the building with explosives from said security corporation in order to defend the building. Yes, a character who is not supposed to be a villain, deliberately lined the building, filled with many innocent people, with extremely destructive explosives. That is just shameful writing.When I think of Major\Minor, I now think of defensive explosions.ADDENDUM 3 UPDATE (5/22)Thanks for making this review a pre-release one by messing around with the release date. And further thanks for rubbing salt into that bytelling affected people to delete and remake their review entierly.It wasn't a glitch, it was your change to begin with. Stupid."
,Not Recommended,417990,19579972,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Ezraen,"I am going to be as spoiler-less as I can be.The first chapter is short, I got through it in one playthrough in roughly 40 minutes. This game is not very well written. The two characters you interact with the most are insufferable ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s (whether knowingly or not), and the way the protagonist responds to them are entirely unbelievable. The amount of chill the protagonist has is ridiculous. Not only does Kila sell you out as soon as he can, but you're also blamed for an event that is 100% out of your control (a train being delayed); when the train was delayed you could respond to a text sent to you from a person you're supposed to meet at the station, asking when you will arrive. Since the train was delayed, I decided to be honest. The protagonist figuratively nods and says he will explain what happened face-to-face and sends back ""I don't know"". He never does, and instead just lets him-/her-self get walked all over by these two ""potential friends"". The amount of♥♥♥♥♥♥the protagonist is willing to take from people whom he doesn't even know is staggering, especially when the game keeps hammering in that you're supposed to befriend these people.Kila portrayed as a dopey idiot who can't keep things to himself, getting you in trouble on more than one occasion. Rook is just a jerk. All he does is complain and treat both you and Kila like♥♥♥♥♥♥ Jade seems to be a somewhat reasonable person, although she has trouble acting like a person (you'll see what I mean by that if you do buy this game). Inumi has one line of dialogue. Eclaire, so far, is the only person who seems like an actual person. A person hopped up on coke, or has bipolar disorder, but a person nonetheless.If I had to describe the writing style of this game, then it would be.. Fanfiction as written by a person whose idea of a personality is taking articles from TVTropes and plastering them all over a character. I sort of doubt we will be seeing any development in terms of character in these upcoming chapters.It gets worse as you progress through the ""story"". I suppose I should be thankful that chapter 1 is so short. But speaking of the story, there is none. You arrive in Tokyo, you speak to a grand total of 5 people and then the game is over. 42 minutes. The game wants you to keep loading up saves and trying out different choices, but I honestly wasn't too interested in that. If I wanted to hang out with ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s and probe them in various ways to see how they will demean my pushover of a character next, I'd hang out with my ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ friends in real life thankyouverymuch.Another complaint I have is the fact that there is just one static sprite for each character. You meet 5 characters during your playthrough (Kila, Rook, Jade, Inumi, and Eclaire) and each of them has one, and only one, portrait. Unchanging, each forever staring off to one side. That said, the portraits are very nicely drawn. There are some very minor issues, like the level of detail kind of fades along the edges of the characters, but other than that I have no actual complaints about the quality.I feel sorry for the author and developer of this game. I think that the idea is solid, but the writing is not there yet and the game itself is entirely unfinished. $9 for 42 minutes of gameplay where most of it is spent being talked down to and backstabbed? Eh. I'm not going to presume to tell these people what to do, but this game is clearly not finished. The least they could have done is put it on Early Access or something.EDIT: If you do decide to check the game out anyway, I think you should. $9 is not that steep of a price, and since the game is ridiculously short (averaging between 30 and 80 minutes for one playthrough from what I can see from other reviews) you can easily ask for a refund after."
76561198036848312,Not Recommended,417990,19592197,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Banul,"I bought this game because I saw a furry visual novel on steam and couldn't contain myself. I really wanted to like it, but I just can't.Most of the character designs are bad, I felt like I was browsing people's OC's on FurAffinity. From the blue furred rodent with the purple triangles under his eyes for some reason to the guy with the glowy neon tattoos and thousand yard stare, it's hard to take them seriously. This is made worse by the fact that there seems to only be one sprite for each character, so they are always talking to you with the same facial expression.The writting's not great either. Right off the bat, the game treats you to a weird monlogue about forging your own destiny through your choices, then asks you the hard hitting question of ""Do you want to go to the maid cafe?"". The game is framed very dramatically but the actual choices and setting feel mundane (Admittedly, they could take a more dramatic route in later episodes). There's also the issue of Klace. Everybody loves the great and amazing Klace upon whom the plot hinges. It's hard to look past this obvious self insert character.I hesitate to label the characters shallow having only played the first in a series of chapters. I will say that they didn't really capture my interest. It's possible that this opinion is colored by my dislike of their design, however, so take that as you will.Not much to say about the music, other than it's super generic. I didn't hate it, but I'm not chomping at the bit to buy the soundtrack.The game is episodic, so maybe later episodes will prove me wrong and this will turn out to be a great game. I honestly hope it does. If it goes on the way this first episode did, though, I don't see that happening."
,Not Recommended,417990,19658219,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,LittleOrion~,"Noticing all the strange reviews and whirlwind of drama, i need to say that i don't know anyone involved in the creation of this game before i write this reivew.Being a furry i was intrigued by the premise of this game, it's catered to my community, i'll give it a go, support my fellows, all that. I start up the game, i see some interesting title art, and hear some very enjoyable title music, i sat there for a few minutes listening to it, getting myself prepared for a great furry based game!Unfortunately, the title panel is where the enjoyment happens to end, because immediately you are met with what can only be described as the super-tsunami tidal wave of text. That's literally all this is, layer upon layer, upon layer of text, and literally nothing else. The game continuously boasts choices but in the entire first chapter (Which SHOULD be the set up for the entire coming game) i was only really given about two choices that were likely to change anything. Meaning the whole point behind this game, i.e the choices actually crops up an exceedingly small amount, however the game seemed to have no problem forcing me to save the game every 3 minutes, meaning any choice you do make, you can just quit and restart and make a different choice, making the game completely pointless to begin with because it saps any sense of adventure you have.The characters are extremely one dimensional and extremely unimaginative, they have less personality than a satsuma, and their unchanging expressions are ridiculous to look at. This lack of variation completely destroys any sense of immersion and any sense of connectivity to the characters you may have built up, which you would be lucky to.The story is somewhat interesting, i mean, it has a lot of mileage it was just executed extremely poorly. The dialogue seemed like it was cut and pastes from a particularly boring roleplay two people had on skype, and it was just full of complete ramble. So much ramble, literally nothing of importance is said within the first thirty to fourty walls of text you have to sledge your way through, by which point the game has already lost my interest and my tension headache is slowly caning its way back into my brain.The soundtrack is mediocre at best, there is nothing memorable about it so i have nothing to say about it... it's just... yeah, it's music... nothing great.The game, well, ""interactive text wall"" as i'll now personally dub it, has a shred of a chance of being somewhat interesting if the developer just manages to do more with the future chapters, if the future chapters are anything like this first one, it'll be worth burying. How this game has mostly positive reviews is beyond me. The point of a game is the content which you play, not how it looks aesthetically. Obviously it pleases me that there is a game out there for furries, but the content is simply not up to scratch to be worth anything near to a thumbs up.You have a good idea and a good ground to do something decent, how many people really want to see boring art, boring dialogue and hear repetitive mediocre music? Nobody, that's how many."
,Not Recommended,417990,21246981,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Señor Scarybagels (card idling),"This game is a generic visual novel and has some gripes about it, for starters the way they set it up for controls is baffling where as most VNs have the controls easily used with the mouse (Right click to open menu/hide text, left to continue story) they seemed to have not added this feature in.   The F4 to switch between fullscreen and windowed mode is not saved between sessions, and the story thus far felt fairly short.  The fact the story is not finished is an additional point against the game.They need to work on more emotions for the stills, as during a scene people discussing the death of a character (though I would say that putting yourself in the game is a bad move) is offput by the characters all having mile wide grins.   Some of the claims like the SMS system and going on Dates is not put in yet.  And it is definitely not the length of several novels at this point in time.   Wait for the game to be finished if it ever is."
,Not Recommended,417990,21256556,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Shing,"So, I've played this for a bit more an hour and probably will never play it again. Here's the reason why:First the positive points that goes for this game:- Nice drawings of the characters, all look good- Musik does fit the context of the text- ... nothing else that I can say.Now, it would be better to not to call this a game, it is a visual novel. It does claim it and does fulfill that.But it also claims to be inspired by greats like Steins;Gate, Tales of Symphonia and Persona 4. Biggest and most devestating problem with all that is while Steins;Gate is a visual novel, Tales of Symphonia and Persona 4 are games. While the stories of the later two are good, they are reinforced and made great through play, interaction. Major/Minor tries to use those stories as a kind of template as a visual novel.From what I could bear of the whole story it felt like, those stories mashed together and then put into the mechanics of Steins;Gate. It felt like a parody of the very enjoyable stories of those two games. Much of the narrative is bland. It mostly works as a info dump. The thoughts of the character you play as is undistinguishable from the narrative. No person that has a personality thinks like that. The reader/player is a puppet master that directs the puppets down the path he/she wants. Those puppets are characters, fully developed characters. Here it felt like I'm looking at cardboard cutouts of stock characters.It may all just be a failing of writing there though as to me, the writing compares to lower-grade mediocore fanfictions. The whole story even starts out making the main character like a Mary Sue. To use fanfiction tags: godlike, AU, OC.It all doesn't blend well together. It might have been that I, myself, had some higher expectations of Major/Minor and it failed to even come close to the expectations but even with the expectations of it not being engaging, this product would have failed to meet that expectation. It felt insulting to the place this whole plot plays in, Tokyo, Japan.So I would not recommend this game. My reasons are stated above."
,Not Recommended,417990,21287213,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,shaben_ Rabers,"Interesting concept, Amazing art style, just some flat diologe in my opinion. The Characters seem boring and there's no mid-scene pause button like in similar games such as Hatoful Boyfriend.Thou I am a fan of anthros, i must agree with some of the other reviewer, This fell flat where Dust: An Elysian Tale excelled. As well as the controll sceem is just bonkers. I don't remember seeing a in game menu button.In my opinion, Do not bother with this game unless all you can play is Visual noval/dating sims."
,Not Recommended,417990,19704617,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Vorpal Hasselfrau,The grandiloquent self-importance is strong with this one.
,Not Recommended,417990,22491381,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,nexusads,"This is my first game review on  steam, so I'll try to be as articulate and fair as possible.Positives: Immersive storyline, good character builds, fair amount of options, great art design. As far as the game itself go, for a visual novel its pretty good. Kept me intrigued as to what was happening next, and the accompanying music just added to the atmosphere. Some chapters have also been improved along the way.Negatives: Even though later the developer did apologize, I don't see why I had to pay full price for a game that was far from finished. I purchased it awhile ago, only to realize there was only one chapter. It was said that a new chapter would be released each month. Well, I've only played a handful of chapters, and its been well over a month since the last update was made. The developer should have promoted it as a very early access/alpha, and hired some testers to work out all the bugs. Then once all the chapters were created, then sell at full price. At least we're not being charged per chapter. The developer has removed negative comments before, so I hope he takes this as constructive feedback. In its current state, unfortunately I can't recommend it. However, it has so much potential, so I hope this will change in the future."
76561198137999638,Not Recommended,417990,31310937,Posted: 22 April,all,Internalised Oppression,"I first purchased this game expecting to be wowed. Fellow furries had told me all about it, boasting that it had great music and a wonderful story with rich characters all bringing their own perspective on the main plot. My expectations first took a turn for the worst when the menu screen appears, the generic music combined with the cheesy looking title made the whole experience look very cheap. The gameplay is just awful, layers upon layers of text are all there is, almost seeming like the dev Klace couldn't have given two ***** about making the game somewhat different from other visual novels. The only thing I liked about this game was the art (wich to furry standard is very generic),I regret ever putting so many hours into this game hoping it would get better. Because it certainly does not."
,Not Recommended,417990,19819739,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,MINT COLLIE,"Art looks like edgy 13 year oldHair is transparentHorrible colorsJapan, because weebBad proportionsMuzzles are tilted in wrong directionMurder based plotChapter based, but the chapters are tinyasked friend if he wanted the game for ""lolz"" he replied ""no it would push me farther into depression so much that i will kill myself""As a furry this game saddens me. Just helps promote the negative stigma around furries."
,Not Recommended,417990,19864018,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Xause,"No joke you should totally buy this whenever it goes on sale, 10/10 its really funny and cringy at the same time. Or wait till this game has some sort of ... content...The ending of this first chapter (Spoiler) just tells me of the features of the game and the chapters that come out later in the release? That could easily be covered in the game description...Filled with memes and weeb references. This is my first ""Visual Novel"" on steam and easily my last. Thanks again Toby Fox."
,Not Recommended,417990,20345461,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Foxerino,"(POSSIBLE SPOILERS) Firstly, was never interested in this game. I've refunded it a while ago, and only bought it just because I wanted to do a playthrough of it on youtube to see if it was as bad as everyone was claiming it to be. They were not wrong, and even unfortunately it wasn't even that bad to the point it was humorous, it was just overall not fun to play, and frankly I didn't even finish the game, so this isn't a full, but only partial review of my experience with the game. The characters were boring, and uninteresting. Kila was an average over-worried, clutz. Rook was just pretty much there to help you progress further into the ""rich"" plot. Jade was the cliche, cringey, humorless person trying to get better at humor, and Inumi is your painfully average shy donut steel oc from furaffinity. Oh, and you can easily find the mysterious ""man's"" name by going through the game files. Speaking of the game files, it's painful to see that there's literally only two pictures pratically for each character in the game, one standing on the left, then flipping the image to make them appear standing on the right. Only for one character I saw there was a picture for a emotion they would give off in the dialogue (that's if it even shows), and I felt like if the game made the characters have more than one facial expression, it would make the game THAT less boring to look at. I've heard it's because the patreon for this game hadn't reached that milestone, which I think is silly, because I felt like there could've been different facial expressions if the artist's goal wasn't to make sure to shade the everlasting heck out of each of the characters to make them look realistic and such. Personally, I would've taken facial expressions over the quality of the art anyday.Going back to the dialogue, there's too much of it, and if you're a fast reader, from what I've heard, you'll finish the game in under a hour, and you've just participated in what people are calling a Left Click Simulator. Along with there being so much, there's a lot of pointless dialogue that shouldn't even be in the game, like some of the dialogue tries to remind you of a joke if there was one, to go back and play the game with a whole different 2-3 choices, or just some pointless details about the enviorment and such. Speaking of the choices, for a game saying where your choices matter, it really doesn't feel like they do. Your first choice of the game is to tell Rook if you're going to be late or not when arriving. Really? This is a choice that will drastically change the game? I mean I heard of the butterfly effect, but I mean come on. Not to mention, the game stresses out that if Rook does find out or if you told him if you're gonna be late, he'll go absolutely go crazy and slit his wrists or something. The second choice is telling Kila that you're part of a contest or not, and then if you want to go to a Maid Cafe with him. Then the third choice I don't even know exists, because I gave up on the game before then because after those first two choices. There's such a large gap between that last choice to the next one if there even is a next one before Chapter 2! So get ready to read A LOT of stuff before you're allowed to experiene some type of ""gameplay"" again. And the writing? Like I said before, not interesting, and nothing to write home about. You can find fanfictions that are worth more of your time than dealing with a game you spent 10$ on.Finally, the price tag, and the game. 10$? 10$ for a game you pratically read for an hour, then it just stops, and you have to wait another month before the next chapter comes out? That's a joke. There are full fledged books out there for 10$ that can keep me more entertained and worth my money. This game in its current state, should not be priced for 10$, hell even on the sale, it wasn't even worth 7$ in my opinion. With the game's current content, playability, and ""gameplay"" it should only be 5$, once again, in my opinion. Now if the game had more chapters and content, then it would be worth 10$, if there was another 2-3 chapters right off the bat, but since this game is going to be episodic that ain't happening. If the game is episodic and/or lacking content, shouldn't it still be in early access instead of you know, out of it right now? I mean, according to the patch notes, the game isn't even at version 1.0 yet! If this game was still in early access, the price tag and everything would make much more sense, but since it's out of early access, well there's nothing much to say or do. This game should've still been in early access, or released with more content, but since there is no other content currently, and it's out of early access, this a game you should not buy until a third or fourth chapter comes out, and you're ready to endure on a whole bunch of reading and characters that will possibly not even interest you. Funny thing about the game's lack of content is that if you finish the first chapter, don't like it, and didn't have it in your library for more than two weeks, then you can easily refund the game.Overall, this game should not be bought until more content is brought in, and even then, do not have high expectations of the game's writing or characters, or it being worthwhile because more content does not automatically mean a better game. The writing is nothing to write home about, there's little choices to be made, the characters are uninteresting and only have one facial expression and if they're standing on the left or right, and prepare to hit that left mouse click or space bar A LOT. It's also saddening to know the majority of the target audience this game was supposed to appeal to doesn't even like this game either. If this game is still in the positive ratings, don't fall for it, it would be understandable if it was in mixed, but the only reason I feel that it's even in the positive ratings is because of furries. You can make anything as bad as you want, but if you have furries in the mix, then you better believe furries are going to support the everlasting hell out of it. It's ""pawful"" I know.yiff/10 needs more gameUPDATE 1/18/2016 - News has been told that the game will be getting multiple expressions for the characters of the game, as well as maybe even a talking animation. Despite this may not even be close to saving the game from the other problems it has right now, it's a much needed feature and it will make the game much more pleasing to look at, and nowhere as near boring.UPDATE 4/14/16 - Still no multiple expressions, still no talking animation and the writing was lazily overwritten in the first chapter, though at least there was new stuff which didn't make it god awful to go through again and I found out what the hell is going on in the game. Though the writing is still meh, and everything still is meh. Nothing much has changed and even with revamped writing in the first chapter, I can only feel that even adding multiple expressions and such will not even make this game better. There are good visual novels out there, even interactive ones with choices, this is not one of them."
,Recommended,417990,29350938,Posted: 18 January,all,sean,perfect if you want to kill yourself but don't quite have the motivation to do it yet
,Not Recommended,417990,32557704,Posted: 18 June,all,Icarus,"crappy game,do not recommend! but the artwork is great cuz it was done by a very good friend of mine, thats the only good thing about this visual novel, but just my opinion tho"
,Not Recommended,417990,20312234,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,(sBFG)Oda Wolf,"Major/Minor feels like zero effort went into the game. This feels like a trick of a scammer to get free money by doing nothing.  The backgrounds were obviously taken from images around the web, the never changing faces, and don't get me started on the spelling and grammer errors..."
76561197995034774,Not Recommended,417990,22075062,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,frost,the writing is god awful
76561198154989183,Not Recommended,417990,23075283,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,SeaGr33nOwl,"This is literally just a spice of multiple popular RPG games with nothing changed but with added furriesit's embarassing and horrible, you're better off playing the games it was ""inspired"" (aka spliced and stolen)from you'll have a better experiencemidnight deaths??? smh i cant believe I paid money on this"
,Not Recommended,417990,20170322,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,coyote,"sitting and clicking repeatedly for like 30 minutes sim 2k16dont buy this game it ♥♥♥♥ing sucks♥♥♥♥♥in every waythe storythe dialougethe charactersthe only thing i found ""good"" about this game is that i could name my character, Heinous McJewNigbut even then the characters hardly ever say your name so it still sucks."
,Not Recommended,417990,25058784,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Clearance,"The story is all over the place. No red line to follow in terms of intoduction of characters and places. It's just: ""This is a thing"" ""Here's the reason"" ""Because i said so."" All thrown in your face at once. It give a feel of drama for drama's sake. Which is sad. I really liked the intro and chapter 1. You quickly lose track afterwards. Made it through Chapter 7 and I'm disappointed. It deserves better."
76561198041175804,Not Recommended,417990,24158800,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Let's Get Hyena,"If you're looking for another Morenatsu, this isn't it.Meh:Using furry characters was a neat idea but when all the characters are sparkle dogs, it quickly ruins the immersion of the story. Typical RPG Maker noises that erupt whenever selecting anything, along with the stock soundtrack. I found myself holding the Enter key down for almost the entire time, a huge problem with any game that is made using RPG Maker, no idication that a critical selection is coming up when trying to speed read through the uninteresting dialogue.Yey:The art is glorious and the characters are beautiful, multiple poses for each character with their own unique personality."
,Not Recommended,417990,23718456,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Sun,"This game isn't that great and shouldn't be compared to persona 4 at all there no open world and have almost no choice and some of the story is badly done and doesn't feel like something you want to continue rather than something you need to finnish. another thing is that the game should have been waited to be released since some major updates and some late chapters have finally come, i really wish this game could have been done with more thinking and work from the start but since i got this game i been disappointed. And hey this game could totally be better or become greater with work but at the moment it is not a really good game."
,Not Recommended,417990,20313126,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Gwynavere,"EDIT Although There Are More Chapters Coming I Dont Think It Will Pique Any Other Interests Since The Flaw That The Characters Lines Arent Very Compelling To Make Them Feel RealAll I Think Is That The Characters Should Feel More Real And Less Cliche This Is My Largest Gripe And Should Be The Main One As Well Since This Is A Novel The Best Thing To Critique Is The Writing.  The More I Think On It Though There Are Small Details Like The Music Which Personally I Just Muted And The Art Not Having More Than One Frame Except For One Character, But Other Than That The Writing Is The Largest Problem I Have And The Reason For The Negative Review I Wish You Luck In Future Games.Ive Heard Of All The Reviews Getting Taken Down So Im Going To Keep This As ""On Topic As Possible""I Feel That The Story Of The Game Is Incredibly Stale The Characters Lines Made Me Cringe Alot What They Say Isnt What Anyone Would Ever Say Ever.  An Example Was The Train Scene Who On Earth Doesnt Understand How A Train Works, It Moves Fast Then Stops Thats About It Nothing Scary, The Wordiness Is Obnoxious And Just Made Me Mash Enter As Fast As I Could, Example Rook Literally Defining Words For You And Explaining What Happened If You Chose The Other Option; Shouldnt That Be Left For The ""Other"" PlayThroughs?  The Idea Of Choice Is Kind Of Irrelevant For Example The Rook Choice How Are You Suppose To Know After Never Having To Met These People Know That They Would Rather Be Lied To.  This Is Just A Personal Gripe But I Am Really Not Into Klace Being ""god"" Of This Game Everyone Constantly Alludes To Him Being Some Insane PopStar Look I Get That The Universe In Which The Novel Takes Place Loves This Guy But It Honestly Is A Pretty Bad Way To Represent It Try Letting The Actions Be Shown Instead Of Having Everyone Everywhere Mention How Amazing He Is.  I Get That This Is Someone From The Furry Fandom *Which, While I Do Like Anthro Animals, I Would Not Consider Myself A Part Of; Too Much Of A Bad Name Associated And Drama When Mentioned* Wanted To Make A Game And I Admire That I Like It When People Are Active In It, What I Do Not Agree With Is The Expensive Price For One Chapter Of A Novel Which Is Poorly Put Together It Is Not Worth It At All.  The Only Reason I Ever Thought This Would Be Nice Was Because Emotes Cause Well They Are Cute And One Of Those Emotes Are Worth More Than The Game Itself.Overall Verdict:Dont Buy Unless The Story Is Changed To Something More Tolerable And Less godmoding One CharacterI Do Not However Think This Novel Will Take Off As Something I Would Enjoy And It Is More As A Thing Created As Just For The Dev's To Enjoy Which Again Is Fine For Them But As A Review For Others I Recommend Staying Away From This Product It Is Not EnjoyableThis Will Be ScreenShotted And Catalogued Just In Case This Review Is SomeHow Considered ""Abusive"" Although I Tried To Be As Constructive As Possible"
76561198023519729,Not Recommended,417990,24419571,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Mantisstalker,"So since the game is on going I'll talk about what I've played so far. Overall I quite like the game, the plot is interesting and the world is believable. At some points you need to take things with a pinch of salt but being a game of fiction it has a bit of leeway when it comes to being weird. The first chapter is also very well done and had me hooked quite quickly.However as the game progresses it starts to suffer from the more negative aspects of the furry world, and it started to feel more and more like characters were overly unique or sexualized. It actually got to a point where I was playing a game of ""Pick out the good guys by how they look."" because you could tell these formal and apparently normal people couldn't be good. Some plot points were also a very far reach that made little sense logic wise, but they usually weren't bad. Also I might have not seen it but there really should be a feature that allows you to save whenever rather than making you until the next chapter to get a save point.All up I'd say I enjoyed the game, but its not something I'd recommend to others. If you're a furry that likes the more general parts of the fandom and don't just want porn it should be a fun flick for you. Everyone else would probably be better off investing in a VN that more suits their interests."
76561198107921071,Not Recommended,417990,20708839,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,jmarble13,"While I did like some of the artwork, I feel the choices I made did not have that much of an effect on the game. It also feels a little late to ask multiple questions that are supposed to effect the game. I hope it will be better if, and when future chapters are released. I was even willing to give it a second playthrough. I can't help but feel there are many things lacking in this game."
,Not Recommended,417990,34668792,Posted: 1 September,all,TTIO - Puppykit,"I honestly wish I didn't have to give a binary review for this. Binary is just not enough here.Pros:Engaging and interesting storyline (so far, anyway)Really nice artworkI personally quite enjoy how femme a lot of the male characters are - though many would take this as a conCross-platform! Can't speak for the others, but the Linux client works just fine (on Fedora/RH based systems, at least)Cons:There was absolutely no good reason to use whatever engine the dev used for this.Just going to reiterate that last point. Had this been written in RenPy or something similar it could have been amazing. But so many of those amazing ease-of-use features that are considered standard in visual novels... Just aren't there.I'm really struggling to get through it, not because of anything wrong with the game but rather because:I can't fast-forward through text I've seen beforeI can't save whenever I feel like itThere's no autoplay (I like reading VNs whilst doing other stuff with my hands, like painting or sorting cards!)There doesn't seem to be a way to open any kind of settings in the middle of the gameI'm going to keep trying to get through it, but... This kind of thing is so pointless. Literally the exact same effort put into RenPy would have resulted in a significantly better game (which would have definitely been a reccommend)"
,Not Recommended,417990,20008147,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,WolffyXD,0/10 would not Yiff again
,Not Recommended,417990,33325917,Posted: 6 July,all,Pomme de ter-ror,"Pros:Easy to runStableEasy to ""play"" (more just clicking every few seconds)Cons:Story is quite boring and all over the place"
,Not Recommended,417990,23417042,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Thegoodoldays,Oh no they made ze bad game.
,Recommended,417990,29727841,Posted: 5 February,all,Sodomite the Devourer of Ass,+Furry girls in suggestive outfits-i'm sorry mom
76561198011488709,Not Recommended,417990,21027059,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,misatokatsuragi,"Despite having met all the system requirements, the game's developement on the 3rd chapter, and patch 7 released, it has still been completely unplayable for me, due to the extremely low frame rate, which Klace just brushes aside when ever someone brings this up in the discussion forum.  I would really liked to have liked this game, as this is the only furry visual novel I  have seen, and would really like to see this sort of thing in the future, but as long as it remains completely unplayable, I can't reccomend this, no matter how much of a furry fan you may be.  Sadly, I just asked for, and got refund for this game, as it did not appear Klace was even going to address this issue in future updates or patches.  Something was also mentioned about this being playable on TV.  what the hey?  I thought everything on steam was suppose to be either PC or Mac software, not virtual DVD crap for your TV.  If I want that sort of thing, I'll buy the physical game DVD for TV, which is almost always a visual novel also."
76561198194436859,Not Recommended,417990,20619832,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,hilltopony2,"Editing my review here as I have only now realised how godawful this thing isIt has been what? 5 months since this was released, good lord how time flys waiting for a game that is essentially ""Hold down the space bar the game"" to come full circle and maybe make a compelling story or at least add some choice to it... This game has not delivered, not one bitFirst before I go on my tirade I would like to apologize for my initially positive review, it was skewed by previous playings of dating sims and interactive novels to fully realise that this ""self-insert fan-fic I am so damn special look at me like mummy and daddy never did"" was never anything but a waste of pixels and hardrive space, and I apologize for having convinced anyone if they even did to play this game.And now for the main event, my angst and outrage.As some of you know this game was released on December of 2015 as an interactive story, something in the veins of any of Kevin Gold's games but with a twist in the form of parralel dimensions and what was originally talked up in the first and second chapters as a big doomsday event. What we have however is a sad misunderstanding of how you make a game, allow me to elaborate the point of a game is to introduce a main character in this case you the player like so many others. Then the second step is to throw challenges, questions, and the odd special event where they get to do something relatively ""Groovy"" as the kids nowadays say. Such is not the case with this game as it openly tries to take focus away from the main character and shine it on all the unfortunate side characters, we get it they're all so special and unique, but while I'm sitting here in bum#$%^ main character limbo with nothing to do or even interact with besides reading how some wanna be rockstar is now going to be the main event for the tour and how she totally isn't a relatively nice person. Well #$%^ you woman, I'm the bloody main character I should be front and center, how am I supposed to stay emersed in the bloody narative when you lot decide that the #$%^ing spotlight should be on some random dragon looking man-♥♥♥♥♥ discussing security measures.The game seems to be suffering from what can only be described as ""Taking to long to set up the board"", I get it you wanna introduce loads of mentaly challenged bounce boards and self-inserts, and that's fine in moderation. But when half the bloody game is everyone else doing things without you to set up an easy ending or their own issues is pretty bad. When a character needs to be introduced, introduce them to the main character, have them go through their troubles with them, how else am I supposed to get attatched to your goddamned mary sue when you keep throwing me in bum#$%^ limbo.All this ranting about characters points out another glaring hole in the game, the characters, namely the main one. You do not even truly describe yourself or your appearance till chapter 3ish and even then it's along the lines of a ""Yes I will help"" or ""No let the baby drown"". I don't even know what I bloody look like, and it's even worse when your main character acts like a gibbering imbecile, I swear the dialouge options for your character are the worst, just let us answer the querries and make the talks damn you, I don't care about some lame♥♥♥♥♥pun that ""I"" supposedbly just came up with. When you compare this dialouge with that of the other characters however that's when things make sense. In actual fact the main character isn't your's, never has been never will be they're just another side character to everyone else, you can write yourself better than anyone else, which is why most of these games feature a mostly silent protaganist.now to sum up my poorly worded grammatical splurge that I won't even dare to call an essay, this game is bad, in five months you expect a story to go somewhere, or at least to have some manner of attention on your character besides a sideways glance."
76561198112252090,Not Recommended,417990,24033879,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Galaxy,"The plot is indeed very cool and interesting. The problem is that, it's the only good thing about the game. It lacks of image diversity, characters always have the same faces, decision doesn't really matter A LOT, and there aren't many either. And a lack female characters too, there's only a few of them and they only get importance at the very end of the game. The player itselfs acts like an idiot and in unbelievable way, also that most of characters doesn't act in a normal way. Plus the fact that it isn't even finished yet, the last chapter is not out yet. I bought this game, beacuse i ate the bait. It's a furry bait, and a pretty expensive one."
76561198015365151,Not Recommended,417990,22727308,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,dannylion,"Well, you know... A graphomaniac can spoil even a good idea and drown it in an ocean of senseless sentences and boredom, they say. Indeed."
,Not Recommended,417990,19589703,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,danielle bregoli,Made me go on♥♥♥♥♥♥.net (good game :D)
76561198101318598,Not Recommended,417990,21579639,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,RagsWox,"Ok Wow. I am hooked. It is a great visual novel. I cant help but feel like I make the wrong choices throughout the story. I constantly secong guess myself the whole way. but it cant be helped that even my character will have same flaws as I would have were I really in the story. but on a final note I have to agree that unfinished content would anger some persons and that waiting for something to be completed so that i may continue is an aggravation. sadly I have to give it a thumbs down even with my hopefully non biased pro's and con'sPRO'S: *Beautiful design*Immersive story*Relateable characters*You can always go back and change your mind(Choices)*The mystery keeps you 'glued' to your screenCON'S:* Constant second guessing of your choises*The story is not yet completed and artwork is being updated as the story progresses(Ibelieve new sprites and basic animations are being added during updates)*I keep asking myself ""Why am I not in this?""*Soundtrack jitters or glitches out at times.*You can always go back and change your mind(Choices)*You lose track of time because you are 'glued' to your screen"
,Recommended,417990,22709469,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Raxyz,"[edit below]Some games just can't be simplified by ""Thumbs Up"" or ""Thumbs Down"", this is one such case. So I save ""Not Reccomended"" cases to games that are busted, broken, bad DLC practices, harmful policies toward customers and similar cases. Major/Minor doesn't fall into any of those categories.`So, you're reading this to know whether you should buy it or not, let's start addressing the elephant in the room (pun kinda intended):-Eeewww,furryThis issue tend to plague a LOT of things. I've had my share of heated discussions about Dust AET or Zootopia, those are two examples of awesome games/movies that people dismiss for thinking that ""it is furry"". News flash, when aiming for a rated E genre, something meant for all ages, a fantasy world is required. How to better to unbind ourselves of reality than not having human-like characters? Walt Disney knew that, look at his characters. Most kids show tend to use this, it's not something new, nor it's something ""furry""But Major/Minor might not look like it's neutral nor like it's a kid's game, does it? Indeed, the game page adverstises that “This game stands alone as a great introduction to those who want to get a first-hand immersive experience in furry culture and furry fandom.” And that's not something it would appeal to anyone who isn't a furry.Howeverit also says that Major/Minor is ""A visual novel inspired by greats such as Steins;Gate, Tales of Symphonia and Persona 4."". If you're anything like me, you'll think this is a tall order to beat, but it'll definitely pique your curiosity.So yes, the gameisindeed ""furry"", if you're part of that fandom the game will easily appeal to you, but what if you're not? Then there's two cases, either you'll be the purebreed hater (which by no means will read any review marked as ""Reccomended"", making this part pretty pointless) or the regular guy who doesn't care about ""furry fandom"" and neither having anthro characters. Believe it or not, this is where I am. I mentioned Zootopia and Dust because those are two things I love, and it angers me people dismissing it due to having anthropomorphic characters, no one cares about the beautiful story, artworks, characters or moral lessons in those, only how they look. That's just sad.But I'm deviasting from the topic at hand. For those who do not consider themselves furries, and would have no interest in a visual novel just because of a specific fandom, how does Major/Minor fares? It definitely doesn't come close to the overall quality P4, Steins Gate or Tales of Symphonia has, but there are clear references of it in the game. Think of it like this, if you've played any of those, odds are your brain thought of some ""branches"" that weren't explored in the games. This game's developer gathered those ideas and made his own game. But how does it compare to those other games? There's some clear references, right in the beggining of the game, you'll be greeted into theVelvet RoomArk and not much longer after that you'll know about the MidnightChannelMurders. At that point I wondered if I was about to play a furry re-telling of Persona, but not long after that the game took a drastic turn, taking you to another world entirely. After 3 hours into the Novel, I can say that the story references those games while being it's own thing.The problem of a Visual Novel, is that you don't really know whether it's good or not until you've read the whole history, and I'm not there yet. But here's what I CAN say about it:TL;DR+ Does a good job using aspects of other stories while still being original+ Story branches are very well done, not every VN can make such radical changes at how the branches play out.+ OST is catchy. Some VN's are plagued by annoying songs, however that does vary from people to people.+ Good diversity of characters. (Personally, it reminded me of Borderlands 2)- Character artwork is a bit awkward at first glance- No characters animations/emotions, meaning sometimes they break some sad news to you while smirking. It breaks the immersion a little.- No custom saves or interims. Meaning the game decides when to save for you.- Quick text skip is still too slow if you're re-doing large sectionsSo the bottom line is: I suppose this game is great if you're interested in the furry fandom, disposable if you outright hate it. And if you're somewhere in between, liking VNs while not caring about being furry or not,try the demo first(Demo is no longer around. I wrote this review after playing 3~4 hours in it. Now it's gone). I intend to update this review after completing the game, to say whether the story is worth it or not.EDIT: So far the game only has 5 chapters, and that's not very far into the story I'd bet. Color me impressed though, it REALLY grabbed my interest. I love stories that drop a ♥♥♥♥♥torm after another, reminds me of the book series Escape from Furnace, not a single dull moment. Though be wary of cliffhangers, the story isn't finished yet. So far I'm liking the story."
,Not Recommended,417990,23294670,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Vulpes Inculta,"I can not base this on the merits of  a game.Why because it is not a game at ♥♥♥♥ing all the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ creator ""klace"" (nice name) said in the description its a visual novel but still a game on steam there is no ♥♥♥♥ing gameplay its just meaningless decisions that depend on hey do you want to hear these 4 sentences which add nothing to the story (the keyword for this game is nothing.) So i will base this game as a ""visual novel"".SO sence this is a ""visual novel"" he must have put all of his work into the story because thats the only thing that has a even a miniscule amount of work.The story is this huge god level pop star on his tour came to japan or china (this game is that forgetable.) You have been invited to his concert and v.i.p.This popstars name is klace and it revolves around klace really you ♥♥♥♥ing ego maniac you have to make the game about i've made some little games but I wouldn't make a large amount of my games story based on me.Oh wait this is a ""visual novel"" i am sorry.The games pacing with this story is like a disabled kid on the ground trying to run a marathon it goes absolutely nowhere.Rember when i talked about the ""midnights murders"".Well when you finally get the option to learn about it the god character who manipulates time and space says basiclly ""eh i don't know it just kinda happened"".Really!You have to be kidding me one of your major plot points (eh that was unintended)You just throw away and never talk about again.Every thing is garbage and underdevoleped the only thing that can slightly redeem this game is the characters in the first chapter the only people you meet are some squirel rook a otter i think.Some assistant to klace and a the limo driver also a maid.Now let me roast these characters like the chinese would a dog.(get it because they are anthropormophic).These characters development is just one little quirk the squirel is a little clumsy rook is stern etc.The maid is a character who you meet once and tells you a boring story which does nothing to the story and ends up being useless.I could go on but there is nothing else to say about these ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s because they don't have enough development to even be characters they are ♥♥♥♥ing cardboard cut outs."
,Recommended,417990,28178894,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Zin Dexzy,"""Loser Simulator"""
,Recommended,417990,20457725,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Acheron,"A fun little furry visual novel with some amazing art, and an interactive story. Currently in its infancy, two out of twelve total chapters is currently released, but I see a lot of potential here! Can't wait to see how many ways the story can unfold!Update: Chapter two was released the other day, and the promise of a changing interactive story began to unfold. What really had my attention (caution: Potential spoiler) was the inclusion of the character census, which allowed you diversify the actions your character would make in the future chapters. One of them (though would almost seem redundant to ask if you were the character asking it) would ask you which gender you were, to eliminate the genderless pronouns, i.e ""they"" when referring to you (It would've made more sense to add this selection at the beginning of the game when naming your character).Other questions would start branches that would have future effects on the story narrative, such as which actions you would take in the coming chapters, based on your character's claimed personality.So far, I was more impressed with this chapter than the previous one, as some more exciting scenes began to show up and the story begins taking some darker turns."
,Recommended,417990,20051491,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,SergeantMango,amazing art!
76561198155259791,Recommended,417990,22716342,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,ThePandaMan Gaming,"This game, so confusing but so worth it, never know whos side you should be on, makes the game very interseting and fun."
76561198058799079,Recommended,417990,19631730,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Lotond,"Well After finally deciding to pull this game back up after some time. and i'll safely say that I don't regret it.As much as i don't want people to think that i'm reccommending this game just for the simple fact of... oh i don't know... FURRIES LEL... this ""graphic novel"" if you want to call it that, actually redeemed itself thanks to the added chaptures. Although i am keenly frustrated with the kinda obvious ending. and i don't mean by story wise. the story is pretty unique in of itself. i'm just not saying what it is for the sake of spoilers. it's the cliff hangers.....the game is going for a furry graphic novel with branching paths, that much is clear. but due to the fairly recent controversies this game carries on it's shoulders, and the cons this game carries, I can safely say that if the developer just went with the simple route of turning his content into a book that anyone could own, he could of easily avoided all of this nonsense that's lead up to this point.I understand that He was mainly going for an interactive story that can be told in a multitude of ways depending on what you, the player chooses to make. It sounds good on paper, but what he failed to realize is the little subtle details that Make graphic novels good. and that's just simple things like more expressions on the characters, or small animations attatched to the characters, you don't neccessarily NEED voice acting, but it certainly can help with the quality of the product.being able to have more ART effort into the game WOULD OF BEEN NICE. little distractions like those can go a long way. seriously, the art is just mainly reused busts of the characters mentioned within the game. EVEN THE GOD DAMNED ACHIEVEMENTS ARE REUSED. If that's not lazy design i don't know what is. and i'll mention this one more time....If the developer just went with the simple Idea of turning this graphic novel into a book that anyone could read, with an interesting front page and all that. he MORE THEN LIKELY wouldn't have all these people trying to sue him. Or having people making an effort to personally attack him.with that said, I hope the developer see's his mistakes on this journey of his and does his best to make the right decisions to not only make his content better, but to also protect himself from legal issues. The story is interesting enough to stay entertained, but I wont say it's a FANTASTIC story. it's a fairly unique one, something worth reading to pass the time, but everyone has their own tastes in stories. But as much as I know, every story out there has already been told time and time again, cliche's and or cheesyness will always be there. But not once in my own opinion did i notice any cliche's and or cheesyness. just a whole lot of confusion and questions that are unanswered.It's totally up to you if you want to play this game. but note that it's mainly the story that keeps it held up. ( sense thats the point of novels ) the art is alright, but it's seriously lacking."
,Not Recommended,417990,22097691,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Trizored,"Couldn't even last an hour, this game is utter♥♥♥♥♥♥ Charaters are unoriginal, not well planned, and horrible to look at. The worst gift I have ever recieved. ♥♥♥♥ you and this game. -1/10000000000000000000000000000000000000000"
,Recommended,417990,22190200,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,MACMAN2003,"Despite what most ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s say, this game isnt that bad. this game (for the lack of a better description) is similar to minecraft story mode (as in your choices impact much and this is story intense) and plus if YOU worked on a game for [insert time it takes to make a game here] and it gets a bad rep, you probably would♥♥♥♥♥♥your pants and scream (becuase thats what most inconsiderate 8-year olds do) so if you dont like the game, you dont like it. but as people say to religious people, DONT. FORCE. YOUR. BELIEFS. ON. OTHERS. becuase of all the bad reputation this game is getting a lot (and i mean A LOT OF ♥♥♥♥ING PEOPLE aren't getting this game becuase you are forcing your beliefs on people) i played this game all the way to the credits. the guy worked HARD on this. (and as what most inconsiderate 8-year olds do) you have to ♥♥♥♥ing ruin this guys life just becuase you didnt like his game. just becuase it doesnt have violence (unlike♥♥♥♥♥of doodie advanced ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t) i may not be a furry, but this game is good. go back to CoD you inconsiderate 8-year old ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s, AND THINK TWICE BEFORE YOU WRITE A BAD REVIEW FOR THIS GAME. P.S. this is probably this guys first game."
,Not Recommended,417990,22114276,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,R79,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ this game is sooooo freaking boring. It's just enter, read text, enter, read text, enter, read text...Sometimes you need to read the most ♥♥♥♥♥♥ text ever. It's like... you know... I mean, I would call myself a furry, even though I'm not hanging out at the strange furry-forums where you sometimes find some extremely strange strangers. This game is like hanging out at one of those forums in my opinion.freaking Booooooring"
76561198132923888,Recommended,417990,24633080,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Senri,"Major/Minor is a Visual Novel, starring anthropomorphic animals as characters. The characters each have their unique features and quirks which gives them a certain charm and each have their own little secrets and mysteries surrounding them making them interesting. The story is also interesting and pretty decent written, it gives you several times options to choose how you answer or act, which affect the story immediately or just in the future.Although it matches all the criteria a VN must have the game mechanics are different from others, for example you don't have the possibility to save the game whenever you want, you just get the option to save at certain save points in the game, which is in my opinion not a good way to save. Furthermore you can skip text automatically if you already read them, so if you want to read and understand every character and their actions you have to click yourself through all the text until you come to the decision again, which is just a hassle, most VN have a skip function.But these are only small problems, the story is really worth it, so I do recommend it !"
,Recommended,417990,24071473,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Roukan Kershi,"So, this game made me want to throw my laptop, it gave me a headache, and it made me cry, and all for good reasons as well. The story is very eventful with many twists and turns. It also tugs your heart a lot. I will reccommend this game to anyone who enjoys choice making, and a good story. It just kinda feels it's left at a cliff hanger so I REALLY hope there is more content in the near future. I also wish I could learn a bit more about each of the characters. Maybe that could be a perk for finishing the story?"
,Recommended,417990,25040605,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Super Mutant Ninja Sandvich,why did i buy this game
76561198115580005,Recommended,417990,25293949,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Logankas2,I liked this game because it leaves me on the edge of my seat! It has so many plot twists and turns and I love it! It makes me wonder what the future brings for this game. The art is amazing and the story is the best i have ever read! I hope this continues long into the future. I look forward to many chapters to come. Keep up the good work!
,Recommended,417990,24064057,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,P_TOG,"I've only played through Episode 1, but it's remarkable how just ""fine"" this is. Nothing bad, but nothing great. Definitely recommended to people who think they will like it, because if you think you'll like it then you most certainly will.Watch us play through Episode 1 here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UGupvcmRb9o"
,Recommended,417990,25190400,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Faux Booz,"For the $10 price point, this game is worth it. At the pace i played it to 14 hours to complete. i am eagarly awaiting a new chapter."
,Recommended,417990,34380663,Posted: 20 August,all,Rotten Seagull,"A great game, and a great buy if you love visual novels.This game's biggest selling point by far is its delightfully expansive plot. Every character has a purpose, dreams, regrets, and dark memories they are hesitant to share - you will start to like characters you initially despised because you took the time to bond with them.  Within the plot are multiple subplots, and within each subplot are innumerable plot twists, and plot twists of those plot twists, and hidden secrets that drive those plot twists of those plot twists. You truly never know what to expect, and throughout the story you feel the unease of not knowing where your choices could lead you.And, of course, your decisions affect the overall outcome of the game. This was one of my major gripes with The Walking Dead, in which your choices affected only the minor details while not changing the overall outcome of the storyThat being said, the game is not perfect, and has some notable flaws. There is no pause button, and you can only save at specific intervals. This means that you have to slog through an entire scene or sometimes even multiple scenes before you can save. The music can be repetitive, and without a pause button if you feel the need to alt-tab and take a break, you can't stop the music without advancing the scene or exiting the game. And, with the save point limitations, you aren't always going to be in a position where you can quit. The background art is not particularly impressive, and there is no voice acting. While your choices do affect the overall outcome, it is not too deeply explained how, or why. Finally (and definitely most notably), the start of the game is slow. And I mean SLOOOOOW. The beginning of the game feels like a drag, as you feel forced to click through mountains of expositionary dialog just so that you can reach the next save point. Nonetheless, make it past the beginning and the story picks up steam from there. The midgame is an intricate puzzle of mystery and suspense, and the endgame is a fast-paced page-turner until the very end.I definitely recommend this game. I'm excited for Winds of Change, and will definitely play it when it comes out."
,Recommended,417990,22647510,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Pirate Fox,"Major\Minor is a decidedly furry visual novel.You begin the game in Tokyo, having just arrived there for the first time. You learn that you have been granted the power of saving and loading the game, which makes you a very important person. The story quickly gets more complex and never fails to surprise.Most of the game is spent reading dialogue over illustrations of the scene and characters, while occasionally making game-affecting decisions. The character designs and the accompanying artwork are cute and well made, but perhaps not everybody's cup of tea. I found it charming!The game has been called a dating sim, but I'm sad to say that thus far, five chapters in, Major\Minor hasn't provided me with a virtual animal boyfriend. Fortunately, I find myself quite hooked on the bizarre story, and I'm constantly interested and excited to see what happens next.This game appeals most to quite a niche audience, but if you're into furries and visual novels, go for it!"
,Recommended,417990,20040117,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Scier,"As of the this review, only the first chapter has been posted for play. This review is only for Chapter 1.As far as visual novels go, this one is pretty standard. You do a lot of reading, make a dialogue choice every so often, and move through diverging story paths accordingly. This game is nothing out of the ordinary, save for perhaps it's furry covering.I notice a lot of people complaining about the graphics. I myself think the characters look good. However, not all of the characters have different art for their different emotions. After a single playthough, it seems only one has multiple expressions. Adding more for each character would be a major boost to this game, putting it more in line with other VNs.The story is nice so far. Each character introduced in the first chapter develops and gives motivations as the story progresses. The overarching story is touched on a bit, but enough to drive interest in the future of it.One complaint I have is that it seems to summarize itself a bit often. At the end of the chapter, it gives you a recap of each choice you made. While this is fine for chapter one, given that players might just be learning the style of gameplay, I'd hope that they are more subtle for future chapters.Despite it being early in the game's story, I must say I enjoyed it to this point. I'm looking forward to future updates, and I hope they add more art for each character as the game is updated. If they stick to an update a month as promised, the price will be well worth it. As it stands, $10 is a bit much for a one hour playthrough."
,Recommended,417990,23131918,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Q13E5 ︻デ═一,"This storygame has an interesting and open ""story"" in it.If you are expecting an interactive game with a lot of decisions to make then this is not the game for you. This game is basically created in an unique and interesting way (without copying other Visual novels too much ) to treat a 2d story game in a way that makes it more of a watchthrew story rather then an interactive story that forces you to replay it 30 times.I enjoy the fact this game is furry due to there being a lot of gamecreaters and modding blogs that are so anti furry. it's sickening. I actually found the story entertaining. good luck on future titles. :) You have my support.But that cliff hanger though. :P"
76561197995231562,Recommended,417990,19579687,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Lanceo90,"I feel this game needs some honest reviews so people can make the right decision.  Yes I'm a furry, but I can control that bias.  And honestly, how many people looking at this game aren't furry?  It's kinda like who would look at a game like Sakura Spirit other than people who like anime?Anyway getting on track.  By the reviews I read going in I was expecting something a lot worse.  It's definitely not great, but it's not bad either.  Here's what there is to say:EDIT:  There's been some updates, so cutting out old complaints that don't count anymore.* Volume Trouble - Maybe most people won’t' have this problem, but this game at 100% was way to loud.  However it gets lowered by 20% intervals.  %20 was probably good if you're doing this on your own.  But for Let's Playing it was still too loud.  I don't think it's too difficult to add a slider or more intervals to choose from, so hopefully that will be patched.  So I had to put it to zero and play my own music, which was unfortunate because I heard the music was actually good in this game.* Bit Cliche - Avoiding spoilers.  The setting is you're an English speaker traveling to Toyko for the first time.  Japan is just so overdone in visual novels.  There's a lot of interesting places in the world, we don't have to keep going there guys.  Also I was able to guess plot points before it happened, which is not a great sign either.* Choices a Little Arbitrary - It was worse on release but its been adjusted a little bit since.  In a nutshell the first choice you encounter in the came is a really trivial thing, letting someone know if you're going to be late or not.  I decided to be honest and say I might be late.  Originally the game really hounded me for that, even at the end with a recap it was almost acting like I might lose the overall game because of it.  It was toned down with an update, but the guy I told I'd be late too still hates it way more than I think is realistic, even for the most anal person.* The Art is Good - I listed all the bad, so here's the one good thing.  The character art is awesome.  I’d personally love to have my character drawn by that artist.  However, unfortunately...* No Animation - Yeah animation is hard work.  Now I don't expect full motion all the time or anything like that.  I mean just, less like animation and more just, extra frames.  Other visual novels have frames drawn of the characters with differant emotions on their faces for when they feel them.  I feel that its not that much to ask for to have that.  It would also be nice to have an occasional full screen art for important events.  Sakura Spirit or Hunie Pop at least reward you time to time with that. [Note:  Extra facial expressions was promised for future updates.]So you might be asking, why with all those problems am I still giving a thumbs up?  Well I can't in my right conscious thumbs down a game that's not finished.  Yes it says it's out of early access but given the monthly patch system to give the rest of the story it's not a complete package.  So I'll treat it like a Early Access.  Maybe this review will be read and they will fix what I explained here.  I think it has the potential to be amazing if they did.If you want to see more of the game before making a decision, I'm Let's Playing it.  You can find me on Youtube under the username Lanceo90."
,Recommended,417990,23107581,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Foxe Game,"Okay. This game is very intresting and it's really holding my intrest. It's nerve racking and keeps me on the edge of my seat. This game is amazing to the story to the art. I believe the story needs some work, not because of the things that you do but it get's very confusing. I try my best to not make mistakes but still, I can't see to detrime which side is right. There's a thing called a ""Ark"" and it's basically the main source of the game. It's confusing and makes me second guess myself. When I play like this, I stop thinking that they're AI and start to think everything I do, act, and say will affect my desions. I wish there was more desions to be made on the game because it's leaking you chose what will happen. I'm on chapter 5 and the plot just becomes more complicated. The game is overall good and I would play it again to get make the oppisite choices. The game does have it's problems for example, not enough choices. I wish there was in the later chapter because we're the player. The person that's going through the game and we shouldn't feel like as if I'm just some guy that's there. A guy that can't say sh*t and just sit there like ""Um....Yeah....Let's go with that."" I want to be the guy who decides what I want to say and some of the text is just ""..."" and that's by almost EVERY character. You can not save your game manually. It appears at random points asking you if you want to save it. I want to save it manually but also want that system to be there. The game is great with the plot, the confussion, and second guess your self...BUT! This is not a game I say would be a ""Story telling"" game. It's more like a movie that you choose at random points. I want to have a choice say whether I should keep my mouth shut or speak up. I also want to type what I'll say and read the text from them. This game is good none the less with the problems it has. Overall the game deserves a 7/10. It's nice to play and I know this is early beta. I want them to them to fix this or when the game does finish and it still has all these problems, it'll be a much lower score. I'm not asking for much but get us to choose what'll happen at certain points such as the office in chapter 5. I mean inside the office. I get what you're doing but I want to say something there and I want to protest what he's going to do. Maybe that will come up in the later chapter and all that. I won't till then. Best wishs~ Foxe"
,Recommended,417990,23135235,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,YIFF,"Rating: 10/10(Please keep in mind that this is a Visual Novel, so there is a lot of reading and only a little bit of actual gameplay.)~This is on my list of best games out there. The storyline is amazing and emotional, and I always feel for the characters, which always makes  me want to come back for more. I also like the art and soundtrack, which adds more to the experience. If you like Visual Novels, this game might be for you.(Whether you are a furry or not, I still highly recommend this game.)"
76561198281577387,Recommended,417990,22339062,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Scrub Mc. bleach4481,Quite enjoyed this game it may not reach the expectations of other players but i found it quite enjoyable to play i loved the story line and the characters made in this game c: (sad about klace though no spoilers thou ) unless my route i choose led to that ill never know XD but i cant wait for future updates and cant wait till the games complete
,Recommended,417990,22726015,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Spirit Omega Wolf,The updates to this game just make it get better and better.Finished chapter 5 now... Was not expecting that sort of [SOMTHING] (Bluepaw made me see that this was a spoiler)
76561198006269271,Recommended,417990,21352875,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,|DG| Spartan,"Excelent story so far, this is one to buy now and enjoy the multiple paths set before you. I look forward to the next chapter!"
,Recommended,417990,20904818,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Ahravi the waff,"I am interested in the story so far, just wish it was longer at this point. I quite like the characters in Terra, the clothing style and such.Kila, Rook, and Inumi are adorable ^///^Also Endymion and Singe are pretty hot -///-I mean...I'm probably a little bit biased in my liking of this game. Oh well."
76561198112273349,Recommended,417990,21247826,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Knight Wolf,this game is the best when i saw this game i could not stop thinking about it and when i got it i did not stop playing it please finish the chap 4 i want to know what happns. not gonna spole it but keep up the fantastic work
76561198141123924,Recommended,417990,23343256,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,kurozora.konoi,"An excellent visual novel! That kind of game you can't stop playing once you've started. The story is fast paced and keeps you on the edge all the time, but it doesn't mean it looses on interesting details and hints.Characters are varied, and all of them have their own stories and points of view. And they are clearly not as black and white as it may seem at the beginning.It seems to have a lot of replayability too, because of the different choices you can make all along the way, but that I won't verify until the whole story is out, since I want to keep my first feeling choices all along on my first playthrough.And another bonus point, the art and music are gorgeous and make the story really immersive.Perhaps it would be even more if the characters' artworks, or at least the small portraits in the text boxes were give multiple expressions/emotions, but I can understand how difficult it is, and not all visual novels have that, so it doesn't tarnish the experience anyway.Overall, this is an excellent game, and I hope the next chapters will be out soon."
,Recommended,417990,23880568,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,mint absinthe,"Why should you read my drivel over someone else's drivel? Because I'm not a member of the community, I appreciate visual novels for what they are, and I'm only a jerk on Tuesdays.First and foremost, this is a visual novel. Visual novels are ""choose your own adventure"" novels in game form, with varying amounts of gameplay and interaction. If you're expecting something other than decision trees, you're barking up the wrong tree. (But seriously, what's with the comparison to Persona 4? They're nothing alike, not just in $$$$$.)On that topic, this is clearly a low budget endeavor - visual novels can be made fairly cheaply compared to most games, since they rely primarily on just a good story and good artwork. I won't say this is the best artwork, but it's definitely better than the majority of stuff you see on Steam, and even a bit better than some professional BxG or otome companies with much bigger budgets. So like a B- on artwork.The lifeblood of a visual novel is story. Again, grading based on what it is - a Kickstarter game with limited funding - the story is actually pretty good so far. I stayed up late because I really wanted to keep playing, and that's the sign of a good story for me. The characters aren't just one-dimensional cardboard cutouts, but have inner conflicts and motivations either remarked upon or hinted at. I think the writing could use a dash more subtlety, and a bit more choice options beyond binary (just notes for the next game) but considering the length of the game, the characterizations are pretty good. I really appreciate that there's additional content patches. B grade on the writing.Now some criticisms: I play windowed, since I tend to play VNs while queueing for games - and the setting never sticks, so I have to re-window (F4) and resize every time I open the game. Also, the writing could use some professional editing - a mispelling of the same word twice in the same box really took away from immersion, and there's weird grammar throughout. The ""bunch of people in Japan"" thing really made me groan - the game would have been better without vaguely otaku undertones (but kudos for not going full ramming speed down that road.)For the dev -  Take some gameplay from the AAA VN makers: allow saves at any time (save points are fine, but losing a ton of progress so I can sleep sucks), have a panel at the start menu listing ALL the controls available, allow access to menu settings at any time (not just the start), and consider offering ""quick saves"" in addition to regular saves (common for better VNs and considered a staple by fans.)TLDR; Overall score: B-  Totally worth the money on sale, fun little game to play, QQ less."
76561197999026344,Recommended,417990,20101104,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Draco,"Pros:Story - It really has potential. It's interesting so far and as it's only the first episode it may really unfold into something bigger.Music - I swear this eerie theme always gave me creeps when it started playing. Music fits the scenes and builds up the athmosphere as it should! Good job there!Choices really matter - Ya decide something and ya face the consequences!Characters - Welp... this may be personal, but every character here has its own motives and well... character. Of course some may be more cliché than others thus they may be less interesting but for me the characters were fine and distinctive in their own way.Character Design - It's wonderful. The characters are awesomely drawn, they are distinctive and colorful so you can really hook your sight on them while taking break from reading.Cons:Lack of choices - This depends on what level of interactivity you expect. I really like the fact that your choices really matter though it bothers me that there are so few of them. I hated when two characters were talking with each other and my hero was just standing there when I'd like to take part in this conversation too! Another situation was when I made my choice, walked to some place and then dialog moved to some point where I was just presented with message saying that my character agreed, asked something or stuff like that.... I'd really like to choose what my hero would say in situation like that.Length of the episode - It's sad. I tried out different choices and replayed the game three times. It took me about hour and a half. It's too short and I hope that the upcoming episode will be much longer.Filler Text - It's not that common but sometimes your characters thoughts just go on and on needlessly. Like I said it's not so frequent but I had a moment or two when I just wanted to spam-click it only to get the action going. Inner dilemmas are fine but not for too long.Welp... Major\Minor in my opinion is not that bad as some of the negative reviews says. Hah I say it's good as for its early state!The whole thing depends on what you are expecting from it. If you expect that the first chapter will be a long story, with new choices around every corner and with new character every minute you'll be disappointed.The first chapter really serves as a  prologue. It shows ya characters, gives them a lil' bit of developement and presents you part of main plot that ya'll be diggin' in the next episode. If ya expect just that ya won't be dissapointed.The only thing we can do now is wait for new episode."
,Not Recommended,417990,23641355,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Discord,"This game... is so bad me and a friend played it until we just couldn't handle the cringe anymore. I don't think I can do much more than that. Other than the obvious self-insert and overall cringe, the game's pacing is super slow. It put me to sleep. I started skipping entire scenes of dialogue just to get to a choice option. And each choice doesn't feel like they give you much of a choice at all.Overall: 1/10 Would Not Recommend."
76561198083557850,Recommended,417990,24105417,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Whitewolf1707,"Personally I can say this game has ****ed me up so d**m hard, its like watching a show that kills off everyone but somehow makes you even more intrested in it, the makers behind this are f**king masterminds, and I hate and love them, (But mostly love) I get attached to someone and BOOM the game gives me another D**M CURVEBALL AND I SCREAM AT THE TOP OF MY LUNGS CAUSE I ACTUALLY WANTED TO LOVE A CHARACTER, overall I reccommend this game to everyone, if you're okay with you know, making descions you will regret literally the second after you do them, but seriously, the makers of this game need to make a series of games in this style, I would buy all of them, I love this game. And I hope I dont mess up and hate myself for making a descion in this game. Also d**mit steam I probably mispelled so many words."
,Recommended,417990,24117774,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Vanillacandle,"I liked the storyline, but sometimes you can make decisions that will make people react differently to you way after you even made that choice. Pawzi Clawzi clearly put lots of time and effort into creating all the characters, so I respect her for that. The trailer was a bit too hyped up with all the rave music in the background but what do you expect? For the most part, it was pretty fun with all the twists that come out of nowhere. A great visual novel."
76561198093183352,Recommended,417990,19586658,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Terminajuju,This is a really cool game and the story is very well done! :)
,Recommended,417990,19982979,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,an actual jackal,"Excellently-made game, but mainly for furries. That's a selling point, seeing as there are very few GOOD furry games out there. This is one of them."
,Recommended,417990,22533999,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,⛧-Kuro-zia-⛧,"Not even 2 minutes into the game, i can already tell you guys are trying way too hard.10/10 would pay for pretentious games again."
,Recommended,417990,21248644,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Xenolf Zettarolf,"I absolutely love this story!the characters are very well thought out, the story is very intruiging (Can't wait for chapter 4!) and i just completely enjoy this! sale was a money saver for me!If you love Anthros and are not worried about ""wasting"" time get this!10/10 ~Xenolf"
,Recommended,417990,23677697,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Sergality,"This game was one of my favourite games of this year, it's music and art were absolutely amazing and gave the game a great aesthetic. The story had so many feeling sewn throughout it, and was very well written. I hate to say it, not really, but I loved this game more than Undertale; Not to say that undertale wasn't great, this was just better. 10/10"
,Recommended,417990,21415358,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Wolf Green,"This game is beutifully made. The art is great the story is good and the music is beutiful. You'll find yourself getting attached to characters then almost instantly doubing their true intentions. Oh and if the creater can, Can you please Pm me I have a question about chapter 3. But i would say this is a 9/10!"
76561198031298926,Recommended,417990,20671166,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Laito Starr,Artwork totally niceStoryline - brilliantThis game is where furries meet Butterfly EffectDouble thumbs up
76561198049898783,Recommended,417990,20802944,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Xander Everflame,"For those of you looking for a good ""choose your adventure"" or a ""Your action will change the story"" type of game, I;d recommend Major\Minor. Its a beautifully made game for the first two Episodic chapters. I wish I could have my character Xander (a red and blue) dragon put into it, but I don't have the skills or the resources to get a good picture of him to get into this amazing game. Though if you don't like the art style or the choice of the type of ""spiecies"" the developers had decided to use. Then please give it a try and if you don't like it ask for a refund, but I gerentie that you will not, because the game has lots of good vibes coming from it.The game itself is well put together, emotional, impacting on the player, and over all mysterious! I love how I can put my name in the game and have it be me! I love the machinic of the ""Power"" you have, and I can't find out who I can trust and not trust! It is so much a mind exploding conumdrum of thoughts and action I have to take to avoid certain actions that could end up ending badly. I wish for those thinking of getting this game to really give it a good go! I can't wait till the next chapter comes out Next month.My likes about the game are pretty much described above. I love the characters, I love the emotions it gives me, I love the thoughts and feelings I have for the characters. Nothing about this game is bad! But there is one thing I wish, if I could choose what my character looks like. That is my only thing I wish for the game, which is so minor (haha sorry) that it would most likely go unnoticed. Furthermore, The game really nails it when it comes to the story, I haven't stopped thinking about it, even at 3:46 AM. But lets move on, the game is all very good and has all rights to continue and I wish it too! Please support the developers and the artists that pour their hearts into what they love! If I could ask to have my character put in I would in a heartbeat!Please give this game a look and don't hold back on letting yourself get immersed into a world of dark mystories and wonderful secrets. I wonder who that lady was that you bump into in the first chapter... WHO IS SHE!?!?!?"
76561198168108927,Recommended,417990,20799915,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,bretty10,i love play and hope to see more chapters for me to get lost in i fell lack wean i jump in i dont wont to stop lack it is my life love how ever made this game <3 <3 <3
76561198005248382,Recommended,417990,22251484,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Sheol Taboo,"I've enjoyed what I've seen so far.Usually I don't go for visual novels due to a limit in choices and everything being so set down one path.But Major/ Minor has my interest as there aren't many furry things on steam (depending on your definiation of what a furry is)and I love the art style besides, the story is getting somewhere and I'd enjoy reading on when the next episode gets it's release.I'm sure I saw somewhere that input and ideas would love to be heard to help shape Major/ Minor?But for now I'm going to give this a good review and wait to see how the next episode goes."
,Recommended,417990,20846344,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,R¥nir,"If you are looking for a good dose of text and a great story, then consider buying this game.Well, the second thing is that most furries might enjoy it.But it is not a super good game.It is not worth its price yet (only two chapters at the moment of me writing this review) but I believe it may become something really pleasant for you to enjoy.I would recommend waiting some time before buying sa it is not complete and you may not enjoy waiting for new chapters.Over all it is not great but still pretty good.If you do not want to play anything hardcore, play this. It is like a good book if you do not expect anything extraordinary from it."
76561198049006358,Recommended,417990,21265385,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Adept Omega,"After some deliberation, I am giving this a reluctant thumbs up, with the caveat that this game isn't going to do so much for a person who's not already head-deep in the furry fandom. There are a few issues, but I see potential here.The first thing to note is that the game is updating on a chapter-by-chapter basis, and was originally released only as Chapter I. As of this writing, Chapters I, II, and III are now in the game, and the developer plans to add more and has been improving content based on feedback. Don't come in expecting a complete narrative arc, but if nothing else consider it the equivalent of a seasonal pass to game content.I feel that the setting and overarching narrative pose a great deal of interest, and could be better realized by sharpening weaknesses in prose and dialogue. The actual setting concept, the situation the main character finds themselves in, the twists - I enjoyed those aspects very much. I also appreciate the developer's use of gender-neutral dialogue in the early game, and was a bit surprised that the gender question came up as late as chapter 2.The prose and dialogue, as mentioned, need work. This includes some segments where the game feels the need to spell out lines of reasoning redundantly (An example from early in the game: ""Before? I thought he said this was his first time on a train. That statement just now seems to imply otherwise.""), and occasionally the use of ""it's"" in situation that calls for ""its."" There are also times where I feel the game is pushing a little too hard to decide players' reactions for them – after meeting the first two characters in Chapter I and garnering first impressions of them, I was rather taken by one, and found the other a too naïve. My character’s internal monologue seemed rather biased against the character I was interested in pursuing as a romantic / friend interest – and after replaying the game, it seems like a lot of the internal reactions play into the assumption that the player planned to visit the maid café with the first character. The result I’ll internally go ‘Thank god, Rook actually said what I was thinking, and I like that he’s honest and straightforward’ and my character will internally go ‘Wow, Rook is blunt and rude! That must just be his nature I guess…’The game gets better about this in later chapters, but doesn’t ever quite shake the tendency.The game has excellent art assets. Currently characters are static, but the developer has commissioned an expanded set of expressions, which will do a lot to enhance the quality of the game. The aesthetics and character designs are decidedly very 'furry' in ways that most games with anthropomorphic characters usually aren't (think bizarre fur colors, large expressive eyes, heterochromatic eyes, atypical species), but I'm a sucker for that stuff, and I imagine that the target audience will be people who embrace that characteristic of the game as well. Whoever they're hiring for this, they're good, and I look forward to seeing what the expanded poses / reaction images will do to bring these characters to life!A few gameplay / input suggestions for improvement: If a simple menu could be added to the corner of the screen to give access to save and quit functions, it would enhance the gameplay experience significantly. Currently, the game allows a soft reset with F5, but it's very hit or miss whether mashing / holding escape will bring up a menu that allows me to quit or create a new save, or whether it will instead power through dialogue at lightning speed. Because the game explicitly encourages savescumming, it would also be useful to make it easier to scroll through dialogue-heavy segments without accidentally registering a hit when a player decision comes up; on replays, I've had to reload multiple times because holding 'A' on my controller or 'ESC' on the keyboard would immediately power through a player decision box (frequently the choice I had decided to revisit in the first place). It represents a similar problem for save slots – when the save screen pops up as it occasionally does between legs of the plot, if you’re still holding A it will automatically override the most recent save, similar to the dialogue option problem above.What I found strong about the game as it currently exists (2/16/16): it has good art assets, a good setting, the characters have distinct personalities, and despite all of the misgivings above I found myself playing it from start to finish in a single session. The developer has done a great job of drumming together great artistic and musical talent, they've created an engaging setting, and although the prose and dialogue can be weak at times, the plot is solid. Despite everything said above I will be waiting with bated breath to see how the plot continues to develop, and hope that the promising beginning develops into an involved plot that explores the characters we've met and helps us to understand their motivations, how they tick, and the world they live in better. And I'll be waiting to see if future updates will give me the opportunity to date my sweetheart Rook, who despite things I've learned in a different timeline is still my endearingly straightforward crush.Good luck, Minor/Major team! I'm legitimately looking forward to the continuing installments of the game."
,Recommended,417990,22921008,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Emmily Spring,Absolutely the best game ever. My favorite game. Difinitely worth the $10!!
,Recommended,417990,22826936,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,LemonLabrador[PL],"I wrote a new review because of changes in reviews system on steam. I hope it will be helpfull.Advantages:- good writing,- interesting and distinctive story,- every character has got different personality,- nice and realistic character drawings,- many plot twists,- easy achievements,Disadvantages:- it is quite expensive, but it is offten on sale,- game is episodic which means you must wait month for next chapter,I am not a fan of reading but I really like this game. I played Major/Minor for 12 hours and I recommend it for everybody  especially for furries."
76561198271051922,Recommended,417990,22810699,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Lura Harenose,"I really love this game! The story is amazing, and so is the characthers! It's also great that the main characther dosn't have a face, so you can imange it being your fursona! It is a great way to spend time, and can't wait for the next chapter to be added!"
,Recommended,417990,22873593,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Ezekiel Kovar,"I really like the storyline so far would say that it is definitely worth a look into, especially if you don't have an issue with anthropomorphic animals as characters. I can't wait for the next chapter and look forward to what the developers have in store for the future. I would like to see more choices in the existing content and maybe even other forms of interaction beyond just choices if possible, but being that this a visual novel and 5 chapters are already done, this is more of a suggestion than an expectation."
,Recommended,417990,21430913,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,CrypticSpaceKat,11/10 One of the best games I have ever played! Good Job Guys!
,Recommended,417990,22277875,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Silver-Fox,"I enjoy this game's story thus far, due to it being driven by the choices the player makes. i also enjoyed the first set of chapters and can't wait for the new ones to come."
,Recommended,417990,22273580,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Trexler™,"This game... wow. Honestly, I'm not entirely sure what to say. Major/Minor is a very, VERY interesting concept, and one that it seems willing and able to fulfill. This game isn't so much a ""game"" as much as it is an interactive tory, where all the choices you make will determine exactly what happens. M/M was released in December and honestly, from what's been added so far, the potential for the deveolopment of this game is infinite!The characters, story, and interactions you engage in during the course of events within M/M make things seem almost real, as if you, as the player, are actually taken to Terra. Each person you run into is unique and everyone seems to have ties with everyone else, and (at least, when this review is written), there's no signs of the bottom of the rabbit hole yet. So many story elements have been considered and worked into the game carefully, making this a truly unique experience for fans of the story driven game genre.Overall, the game itself is interesting, the story is left at a cliff-hanger (at least, for now) that leaves you begging for more, and all of the character dialogue is well thought out. If you're looking for a great story, this is the game for you!"
,Recommended,417990,23688814,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Felix,"I love this game quite alot, Great story, Great art. My Only thoughts on it are a few more decisions. Its very fun and all but decisions would really make the game. There are some and few but it is still a bit of a straighter line in a sense. I give this an 8/10. Very good job and keep up the good work."
,Not Recommended,417990,22290943,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,KevinDaga,This is the worst. I love it 9.5/10
,Recommended,417990,24502972,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,LordofCensorship,The reason I got this game off the market's shelf <3 is it looked intresting and resembled a  visual novel/choose the outcome style game. Well I started Playing it and realized I'll need to allocate time to play this. Its a nice lengthy story and I plan on playing more of it once I finish this year's internship.
,Recommended,417990,24325144,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,JustASillyDragon,"A well written visual novel with great art, music and, characters!"
,Recommended,417990,20366934,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Echo Faust,"Well first off, wasn't bad. I've played alot worse than this. Little tip though, try adding just a bit of backstory to characters along the way. The characters seem to be a bit thrust up into your face without much context of what or where they were before. Much like that one character who was mentioned to be Klace's brother. He was there for one line, and that was it, just kinda confused me.Secondly, the writing is kinda same old same old. The story is probably written by now but still, it'd be nice to see a little something different and unexpected from it. Oh and by the way, devs, don't let all the negative feedback get to ya."
76561198256738506,Recommended,417990,20652712,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,PeanutButterPupster,"Well it has finally happened. I have gotten a game that is as, if not more ,immersive as morenatsu. When I play i really get a sense of belonging in the game. Being the severely picky gamer I am, it is very hard for me to find good games to keep me enticed long enough for me to set aside an extended period of time into playing. The visuals are stunning and the latest update has me gazing in wonder at the great art work. Shiva has done a great job fleshing out these characters with a unique look and style. Every fur on the screen is very visually appealing to look at without a single dislike.The soundtrack at the starting menu is perfect for getting you psyched up to play the game. Every time it meets my ears, the sense of adventure intensifies (insert lame meme joke). As someone who avidly listens to music wherever he goes I can honestly say it is a breath of fresh air to hear something original and unique. Maybe release it on ITunes?Another noticeable aspect is the writing good god I am in lov with writing style. It is funny, intense, saddening, and downright wonderful. You can really feel the emotions of the characters in this game to quite a profound point. Lots of them are very relatable such as Rook, the ferret obessed with order and his trusty tablet. He has a sharp tongue which often leads to him being misunderstood, However, deep down he is a gentle soul that just needs some love and attention.There are tons of people out there that are like that. I know quite a few of them. Seeing that in this game gave it a new layer of depth for me. Something I can relate to  in real life as well as the game puts an entirely differnet outlook on the experience. But, I digress.Major/Minor is an outstanding entry in the fandom and for visual novels over all. My few gripes would probably be the occasional dialogue error or grammar screw up. That being said, recent patches have fixed those problems mostly.My final rating for this game is a 10/10. If you are a furry, you will love this game. If you are a fan of visual novels, you will love this game. If you love games, you will love the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of this game."
,Recommended,417990,21335770,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,The Ornate King Hazel O'Hare,"To the developer/creator of this game, i give my utmost praise, it is truly a good experiance, with a good and interesting storyline and interesting characters, the world  this game takes place in, or world's as it is in the case, are a refreshingly different setting, that is vibrant and contrasting, and overal a rich and forefilling experiance.I sit hear patiently waiting for more.10 out of 10"
,Recommended,417990,21249447,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Carbon the husky,.buys major/minor.plays for a while.enjoys story.doesnt stop playing10/10 best anthro game EVER
,Recommended,417990,21163488,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Deko 狼,"This game is amazing!It has greatly improved since the first chapter came out and is definitely gonna be one of my all-time favorite visual novels.10/10Latest Chapter OverviewNearing the end of a fantastic journey filled with despair and chaos, knowing that we are so close to the end, I come to realize that I would never be the same and that the choices i've made will bear fruition to the outcome of my character.I'm trying to be poetic. :PAnyways, This chapter was amazing. I'd expect no less from the highly talented Klace. I have been following this title since the start and I have seen seen his writing improve greatly over the chapters. This chapter was no exception.The cast of characters from Terra return again as well as all their subplots and great personalities, Reiyo develops more as his own character (If he wasn't husbando material, he defenititely is now ;3), You get to make many more decisions that directly affect the story.Just all around this chapter is perfect.Also, OHMYGOSH. The scene with Konrad is so friggin adorable~<3"
,Recommended,417990,21234203,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Casey Wolfie,"I actually thought That chapter three was fun. I love getting to know the characters of the game, And Getting to know Konrad and where he grew up was cool. I had a hard time making the decision between righty & Kila or Konrad & Endymoin. But all in all, It was a great chapter."
76561198204711463,Recommended,417990,22342545,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Naglesh,"This game is pretty fun and I'm love the story so far. The only problem I have with this game is that it's incomplete, but I can't really do anything about that. ;) If you are looking for a dating sim, this is not the game for you (or at least not yet). This game really emphasises making choices."
,Recommended,417990,22820902,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Griff,I absolutely love this so far!
,Recommended,417990,22849205,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Tanya Degurechaff,"If every novel of crimes and mystery was like this game, my room it was looking right now like a library.I love this game, the story is really cool and filled with hard decissions, know that what you say can make good or bad, also it makes doubting about our world and the unvierse. Its true that the universe is massive and outside Earth can be many things. In fact, Major/Minor is one of the games that can really make you think about everything."
76561198070412719,Recommended,417990,21358679,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Akkadia,"The story is incredibly well written and bursting with possiblities. I had no idea what to expect when I bought the game but addicted was not one of them. The art is on par with the writting although I would have liked to 'see' my character as (while reading) I can't tell if I'm a human or an animal like everyone else. Whats up with that stick figure?! lolSeriously, it has the potential to be a fantastic game with one major draw back.Its not finished.... And since I buy and play on whim I wasn't perpared for the surprise TBC. Its like picking up a book, falling in love and than finding out its a series and book two won't be out for another year. So... be perpared.Also as a suggestion for the development (maybe I wasn't paying attention during the tutorial) but a skip text function would be pretty awesome for anyone that wants to replay using different choices."
,Recommended,417990,23419604,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Ayumu`,⠀⠀⠀
,Not Recommended,417990,25122237,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,BRAIN FORCE,It's kind of like Undertale but you dont get to see a tity.
,Recommended,417990,25461791,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Rue Technica,"For the first visual novel I've ever played, I have to say it is quite fantastic, great storyline, great characters. Will post a full review after the final chapter is released."
,Recommended,417990,25506632,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,AL Thamen,"OMG this VN :3c , sure is amazing and i love it , everything sure is connected to each other"
,Recommended,417990,25449424,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Lena☯,"This game is one of the best and well designed games I ever played, surprisingly the background music in the Ark, made me cry, it made me feel emotional, I've been trying to find that music on YouTube but unfortunately I could find it I'm still searching though, by the way this game made my life faithful, it changed me in a way, a good way, we'll keep up the awesome work Klace hopefully I can friend you, but your friends list is full, for now I'll be here, role playing, chatting and etc. 10/10 on making this game ^w^"
,Recommended,417990,21514925,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Arrick :3,"When I first discovered this game I was a bit surprised to see a blatantly furry game actually for sale on steam. I read the description and didn't think I would want it that bad, but since it was the only truly furry game I had seen on Steam i decided to wishlist it. Then recently I discovered it had profile backgrounds and emotions so I checked those out on the market and realized most were more than the actual game. So i bought it without any real high hopes. So since i expected nothing I was pleasantly surprised by the amazing art and interesting story. I've been interested in parallel universe stuff for a while and I got pretty excited when I realized part way through that its what the game was about.I am a little disappointed with the story not actually being completed yet, but at least the new episodes don't make us pay more so that's nice i guess. I also wish the characters at least had a few more expressions. Seems like so far only the girl at the cafe has more than one. I think its awesome that this is officially on the store and everything. It's gotta be one of, if not the first totally furry game on Steam. Can't wait to see how it turns out, keep up the good work guys!"
,Recommended,417990,21348256,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,-=|WP|=-Jura Lith,"Notice I have not finished the game yet I will update this review when I have.Major/Minor is an anthropomorphic visual novel game that is intertwined by two worlds and you have the power to decide the fate of those worlds.The story is very well written and the characters were designed wonderfully with there looks and personalities, the music in the game was composed great also it feeds to the atmosphere of the game for what is happening in the moment and beginging of the scene.The game has the choice mechanic were your able to choose your own path and the game has multiple endings so replay value is very high within this gameI have not finished the game I am getting to the point of the game where the story is starting to pick up and at the same time getting very interesting,The story keeps me guessing on what is going to happen next while I am guessing I myself are making theories before I get to a certain point within the gameNow this game dose have some faults in it but can easily be forgiving.In new scenes the music and sound lags for a few seconds or at times for a minute but it quickly fixes itself, I do wish there was a save button to save when ever you want some of the scenes are very long before you get to a save point (if there is a save button forgive me if i have not found it.)Things id like to see implimented into the game.Id love to see the sprites have motion the details of the sprites are done superb but I think the experience in the game would be more thrilling to have the sprites have motion.Also id love to have voice acting implimented into the game I just would love to hear the characters have voices of there own to give them somthing more to who they are and to add to the atmosphere.Id also love to have more sound effects implitmented into the game to add to the scenes and atmophere when somthing is happening.Over all I love the game very much its well written and very detailed I cannot wait to finish the story, this is a wonderful visual novel game that would be a great addtion to your collection even if you dont like antrhopomorphic's the story is worth the play time.I hope this review was helpful to anyone who may be interested in the game.~Bloodwolf"
,Recommended,417990,21438263,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,FluffyAngelicFox,"You know I actually got this game to make fun of how bad it was then quickly refund. I hit the point where I spent too much time on being able to refund it, so I kinda just decided to keep going with playing the game. And you know what? It surely is very cheesy and bad in the beginning and I also don't understand why every single character has to be super duper colorful and all that, especially on Terra (where the hell did they get dye?)All that aside though, as I decided to keep going through the game, it's...actually not half bad. The choices actually get kinda dicey, and you get to be pretty nervous about your choices when the foreshadowing is shown. Not sure why other people are getting irritated about the lack of animation, it is a visual novel after all, they cant all be like the glorified Nekopara. Also I see a lot of people are being pretty quit to judge, seeing as a lot of people's play times are under an hour. My suggestion is that if you give this game a chance it actually has a bit to offer and does get better and throws around some good drama. You can take it from me, after all I bought the game thinking right away that I wasn't going to like it. Really surprised myself here...TL;DR- It's not that bad as everyone says it is, give it a chance if you want."
76561198280433688,Recommended,417990,21110639,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,SnakeSyxx,Personaly I enjoy this game. The story so far is beautiful. It has been a long time since I've seen a game that has gotten me craving more. Keep up the good work.
76561198267992597,Recommended,417990,21362948,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Sifurious,"I was going through the list of games in the rpg section and I stumbled across this. I like crime games, and I was curious about the ""solving crimes"" and ""two worlds"" idea. I tryed the game in one long playthrough from about 2:30 am to 7 am... HOLY @#$%!!! Just when things start making sense, and I think I make the right call, the game decides to turn around, do a 180, then a 360, then a 720, then says ""nope"" and starts repeatedly slamming my head against a wall... Having a crime or a political power struggle to solve is confusing enough, but when you are trying to solve both and are going back and forth between the two, it makes me wonder if my brain is now a bagel or a doughnut, due to the massive hole from the non stop mind♥♥♥♥♥♥.. AND IT'S NOT EVEN FINISHED!!! I cannot wait for the rest of this game to come out. Outstanding game, and I hope to see the finished project."
76561198077899356,Recommended,417990,22279963,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Unforeseen Boy,"The moment I launched the game and heard the opening music I knew I was in for a ride. This is by far one the best games I have ever played. From it's amazing music, to it's well-developed storyline, Major\Minor has it all. The writing of the story is amazing while it also is complimented by beautiful artwork that really brings the story to life. One of my favorite aspects was being able to choose the main characters actions, saving, and going back again to try the other route to see what my choice effected. Overall, Major\Minor is a fantastic game and I would highly reccomend it to anyone (furry or not)."
,Recommended,417990,20329295,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Levan👌,I loved this game so far! Keep up the good work ^^
,Recommended,417990,22416444,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Dwarvanclan Game Studios,"Popstarr, not even once! No but seriously I love this game, I may not into the furry community/fandom all that much, but I still revier this game as one of the few hidden gems within the steam community. I played all the way through the game. But I think there was a few spelling and grammatical errors within the text, though I'm pretty sure that a lot of people didn't notice it. But all-in-all, I would without a doubt 100% fully recommend this game! Viva las Major/Minor!!"
,Recommended,417990,21172483,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Scolipede,Named my character DIO Brando. It was suprisingly fitting.
76561198199067245,Recommended,417990,21490108,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,heartsgaming,verry good game
,Recommended,417990,20633638,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,SOCOM,When did I play 50 hours of this?
,Recommended,417990,23203258,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,shaoloon,Character is really likeI want in response to the Japanese if you can if
,Recommended,417990,22986766,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,tit,GET IT
,Recommended,417990,24038279,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,funny but evil boy >:] hehe,killing rook with the bomb made the rest of this game worth slogging through
,Recommended,417990,25506353,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Drone Raccoon,"An incredible story, a lotta fun reading through it, the suspence can maybe get a bit to.... suspenceful (not that that's a bad thing, of course), and spelling and grammar is pretty on point; little to no mistakes from what I've read.A few things to note, as well; pacing is a little weird during a couple chapters in the middle, and the story can start to feel like it drags on after extended hours of play time. Just try not to play for 7 hours straight, like I did, and you'll be fine. >~<;In conclusion, I would DEFENITLY recommend buying Major/Minor and playing it for yourself.Great characters, great plot, great style! For what it is now, I'd give it a solid 8.5/10! Truely a great experience!"
,Recommended,417990,25595623,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,DarknessMaster,in short two words great game
,Recommended,417990,24470669,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,⎛⎝Blondu_Hell⎠⎞,Awsome story and I had a very nice experience playing this game 10/10:)
,Recommended,417990,25439171,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,WolfRoms,THIS!!! This game right here is an AMAZING game. Yeah its basically a visual novel but the fact that EVERYTHING you do affects the outcome of the game makes it so you have endless ways to play. Oh and FURRIES
,Recommended,417990,20479006,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,townsends27,"First, this is not a game, should you be looking for one, got to a game called Dust:An Elysian tale, that might be more your speed.This is a graphic novel, made like one of those choose your own adventure books, only with a little more weight added to your choices. To be honest i should probably be calling this a early access reveiw, for as of this righting they only have two chapters released, but thats part of the reason i wanted to wright this, they released a new chapter. Even with all the crap going around them at this point the still gave out content roughly on time, and about to the same caliber as before. now if reading any of the other reviews tells you anything its that this isnt some spectacular wonder story, it wont pull you in like undertale and refuse to spite you out, but i find its content intreging. Its not at all finished, so if your looking for a finished story then come back in a couple months and see where this is at, but as of right now i feel its headed in the right direction."
76561198038561065,Recommended,417990,21542693,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Fresco Gaming | CME.GG,"I really enjoy the thrill of meeting new characters through out the game, evil or good; in the story, each character plays a important roll somehow through out the chapters, which brings me to judge each character I meet and have interest in what their roll is in the story.I also really enjoy the choices that you can proform in the story; I understand the effect I have done on a character when he/she shows his/her appreciation by leaving hints through out your journey, I notice this in chapter 3.The way the game is set out is very nice, with a classic setting of click and read advencher which I overall like better then your hardcore, brain energy stealing, video games, having to just read and select your choice is easy, relaxing, and in a weird sort of way, fun.I just hope that when ever I give dialogue to the character(s) that It is said clearer, maybe it's just me, but if it was slightly clearer, then at would be very much appreciated."
,Recommended,417990,21516344,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Valenastrasz,"Well for starters this review might have most if not all of its content mentioned by someone somewhere in past reviews but even so now that i finished first 3 chapters i feel the need to point few things out. Firstly i am huge fan of visual novels, i have played quite a few and Major/Minor despite it's flaws has great potential. So i'll start with the most important thing to a visual novel aside from visual aspect, the story. For starter there is this aura of mystery that from one point is very cool until the point it makes you feel like its overcompensating for lack of character development. Some things are just being thrown around to fill in the blanks. Here it seems like writter/s attempted to make story more interesting by adding plot twists on every turn, just when you think you figured it out it turns around 180* degrees and makes you reconsider everything so far. It just seems very forced to me and while no story ever is perfect i would love to see more tact and smoother transitions. Because after first or second, for some, plot twist you start to expect it and it boggles down your choices making it seem like no matter what you pick you won't be comfortable with the choice for the current playtrough. Which brings me down to second flaw, the save and skip system. It's crude and leaves lot to be desired. For a visual novel ability to skip parts over converstations that you've already read multiple times while trying different choices is one of important factors and the sluggishness showed here is one big minus from me. Also the saves seem more like pre-designated checkpoints at irregular intervals, and no menu during the storytelling is seriously limiting. Especially since the ""feature"" of the game, so called rollback essentially forces you to quit to main menu and load the previous checkpoint save. It needs a LOT of polish there and it seriously needs to implement ability to save game when you want  at least from my perspective. It would give a lot more fexiblity to the gameplay along with improved skip feature. I could drone on and but this review when i look at it seems to be turning into unsatisfied moaning at some point and i hate that so i will just narrow it to pros and cons.Pros:- Story has great potential- The furry note is a refreshing one- Art is cute- Price is affordable in comparsion to some other titlesCons:- Story tends to be forced, at some points lacks fluidity- Some game mechanics are completly lacking and one it does have can get frustrating at some point- Needs more optionsIn short this could be refreshing visual novel with great potential if few things are tweaked and more focus was added. Quality over quantity :)At the end this is just my own personal opinion, some will disagree, some will partially or completly agree, some will put it on a pyre but i felt i said what needed to be said. I hope to see more of this Novel. Peace out :>"
,Recommended,417990,21068143,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,ᴱrin 'Marty' Freeman,"""THIS IS HEAVY."""
,Recommended,417990,20572168,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,☜☆Wolf Nex☆☞,Good Game
,Recommended,417990,29177287,Posted: 10 January,all,Blaze Fox,"Hours and hours of fun based on your choices and actions. Although this is one of the first visual novel I have read, I believe that it was very well made. The music, the art and the story itself with its sad and happy moments. Finished it once in about 12 hours (had to wait for the new chapters lol) and definitely going to read it again. There is simply too many possibilities in this game to only play once."
,Recommended,417990,21476772,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,cursesha,well what can i say:pros:-nicely presented-art style fits in well with each setting-characters are well presented-dialogue very descriptive and informative-story is interesting#-reasonable price (though i got it while it was on sale)cons:-not much interactivaty seems more like im the passanger than in control of the fate of two worlds-apart from my characters name and gender it lacks creativaty could have at least let us decide our species etc-even though the story is interesting it is getting very complicated almost as if the creators are trying to pack a lot into one story which is a shame as it breaks from being enveloped in the story-some glitches and lack of emotional changes to the characters expressions makes thier feelings hard to belive as we only see it once with ecliareI have followed this game for a while since it was annouced on kickstarter and though i did not give them money towards it creation i can see it still came out on steam in a good state. yes there are some flaws with this game and im sure the creators have noted them as each chapter is made however it is getting there and with a little push in the right direction it could be made better.so untill all chapters are realsed i can not give it a complete score but based on what i have played of it for now i will give it a 6 out of 10. if the player was given more choice in making their appearance in the game and some of the flaws i mentioned are fixed then maybe it could be bumped up more but until then we will have to wait for chapter 4
,Recommended,417990,20676130,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Amonkhet,"Game has a diverse cast of characters with every possible colour combination under the sun, this diversity makes my inner SJW happy.10/10 Would Oogle Hyenas again."
76561197972285826,Recommended,417990,20478529,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Wolfie Of Mandalore,"this is an ok game and will be even a beter game after all the updates and chapters are released. After I read that there were copywrite problems i was agaist this game, now that i know those problem's have been tooken car of and played the game alittle more it is fun to play and with the updates cumming hopefuly it will be a much better game.I am glad that the copywrite problem has been tookin care of. Thank you BluePaw fpr leaving a link to the Major\Minor Announcements page, [http://steamcommunity.com/games/417990/announcements/detail/700673624070062084] about the problem's and consern's people have had. and thank you  Rook T. Overferret  i am glad you took the time to read and write a few things in my review. and thank you both for smack me a little bit, need to check all of the facts before i past judgment on something. I am glad to see that peolpe have read my review.My negative view was solly on the thought of what  Curus Keel  posted, this time I took time to play the game and I am happy to say this is a good game."
,Recommended,417990,20947996,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,TIvalio,"1 word, Furry."
,Recommended,417990,26325754,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Blazengale (Insane),What a great story with lots of shifting allegiances. You never know who to believe. A+
76561198149987735,Recommended,417990,22001594,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Harviplier,"really descriptive, the story is amazingly easy to follow and the character designs are incredible."
,Recommended,417990,34041680,Posted: 5 August,all,Jus a Furrfag,"This game is just...amazing. The charachters are so finely worked out, the plot moves at a nice pace, and the story really sucks you into it. There are only 2 endings, but so many paths to get there. Either ending you reach was still worth the roads. I will gladly play this game over and over again, reccomending it to all of my friends. It's completely worth the money."
76561198087717530,Recommended,417990,20008151,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Sonic2k,"First of all, in case it is not obvious to those who mark the game ""not recommended"" it is a furry game. If you're part of the furry fandom and understand what it means to be a furry, you will love it, otherwise it will probably weird you out, and you won't enjoy itI have started out with it and I think its very very good, its better than reading a lot of the sub-par fiction out there.This game stands alone as a great introduction to those who want to get a first-hand immersive experience in furry culture and furry fandom."
,Recommended,417990,21617410,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Sassy,"First things first: it you're expecting some sort of full-fledged action game, don't bother. Major/Minor is a Visual Novel, and expecting anything else will earn you nothing but disappointment, as it is fully marketed as nothing but a VN.If you're unfamiliar, Visual novels are stories told through text and pictures, often times without any sort of reader influence whatsoever (Higurashi, Over the hills and far away, etc)Some may have a few options/reader input that can effect the story (The Innocent Luna: Eclipsed sinners, Hatoful Boyfriend)And even fewer will have a massive amount of choices that can affect the story in ways ranging from the change of a simple word, to a completely new dialogue and scene (Dysfunctional Systems: learning to manage chaos, Sound of drop: fall into poison, etc)So far, from the 3 chapters that are out, this game sits at the middle of the last two examples - it has quite a few choices, some of which have effects that are minor in nature, others of which make a notable difference. Once the SMS system is implemented, I'll probably have as many save files as i do in sound of drop (so far... about 3 pages of save files, all working towards different endings to the game)Honestly, I picked this game up because of a mix of things - the story caught my attention first and foremost, I'm sure a simple glance at the other VNs in my library can quickly tell you that I like interesting and unique stories. A VN where you have to balance 2 lives on 2 separate planets while trying to save both? Yes. Absolutely Yes. It's an incredibly interesting concept, and I'm very much looking forward to seeing where it goes.The second reason I was interested in the game, I will admit, was because of the anthros. Guilty as charged of the heinous crime of being a furry. Seriously though, I really do love some of the character designs - they're interesting and unique without being overly blinding (I've seen... much weirder anthros) The bunny brothers especially are absolutely precious, and have such interesting personalities.The third and final reason, in all honesty, is because of the negative reviews. I enjoy reading VNs, especially interesting ones with a story I can really get behind. I was extremely curious whether the negative reviews held any merit or not, and some of them, in my personal opinion, really don't. Some of them are gripes about common Visual Novel components.. like lack of gameplay, or a bland narrative. I'll admit the narrative is a bit dull at first, but what do you really expect when there's nothing going on at first? You've got to build up to the story after all, you can't just immediately go into the action in a Visual Novel with no explanation of why it's happening, that's terrible writing.the menu system is definitely a bit unconventional and outside of the setup found in most visual novels, but once you learn the buttons and controls, it's not too much of a hassle.There are also a few spelling errors here and there, but nothing really major, and not terribly often.All in all, this is definitely, in my opinion, an excellent VN. I'm very excited for the next chapter to come out."
,Recommended,417990,24835912,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Guyus The Wendigo,This is one of the best Visual Novils ive seen/read and i do recomend this game to anyone who likes a good visual novil. not just for furries though it dose take place in 2 furry worlds so to speek but over all a 10/10 game in my eyes. yes Klace the creator had some ruff spots in the begining but i thing that those are unimportant and need to be looked past to actualy aprecieate the game. so dont judge this book by its cover.
,Recommended,417990,25631197,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Anton = no net,I actually played this game for 17 hours when i had no internet so that makes it ~20 hours of play time...This game SERIOUSLY made me cry for what i have felt trough this game i love that game and i am yet looking forward also not looking forward to the last chapter...Because the author said he is not willing to make a sequel and i feel guilt for some of my actions in this game...I just simply don't see how everything will get fixed in 1 chapter... Althought the game is already long enough it just does not feel full enough...Also price needs a rise....10 euro for this is like recieving it for freeStorry 9/10 (too sad most of the time and sometimes unnecessary stuff)Audio 11/10(Very high quality music for that simple game...)Replayability 6/10
,Recommended,417990,24452595,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,[BLS] loonatic ☭,good furry game w/ furtastic artwork & toontastic story
,Recommended,417990,21471888,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,ZERO™ csgonecro.com,"Actually really good so far. I am eagerly awaiting Chapter 4. I have to ask though, how would the Sms and romance system work in a graphic novel? If you were to implement that it would have to no longer be a novel, and more an interactive adventure. You would have to change how the game actually works. I am excited to see how the dev figures it out."
76561198271433299,Recommended,417990,20573035,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,The Goat,"Don't get the game unless you like it or are a furry... .-. Lke seriously, stop arguing over a game."
,Recommended,417990,21604036,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,TheChampionofKirkwall,thumbs up
76561198211508071,Recommended,417990,22852607,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Brynosaurus-rex,"I have two things to say about this game:1. I rate it 10/10, GO BUY IT NOW!!2. Even if you're not a furry, you can still play this game. Trust me, the story is centered around about life and death, and about the choices you make in the game. It's amazing!It's totally worth the $10."
,Recommended,417990,21454454,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Left4Tails,Its Alright
76561198212015753,Recommended,417990,19865542,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,thedraufganger,"i really enjoyed this game. i dont know why everyone is giving it such a hard time . the characters are fun and have dept. the sound track is awesome , listinig to it is great. the game is a solid 7/10 on my list just needs a little more work and it will be a great game."
76561198054772000,Recommended,417990,25988930,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Isaac Lance,Bravo. I had to pace myself so that I didn't play through it in a day. Not that it's short. Just couldn't stop playing. Few things get me feeling emotional; this was one of them. A ride from start to end.
,Recommended,417990,21538546,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,♣☢Roky Fox☢♣,I thoroughly enjoyed this game can't wait for more updates to come.the only problem I had with the game was that there where very few dialogue choices hopfully there will be more in the future.
76561198256080071,Recommended,417990,21488237,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Kova-Nova,i Loves this game  and all the peaple that made it i hope you update soon
,Recommended,417990,20483125,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,}OM{ Lone Blackfang }E-L{,I am not really into Visual Novels but this one has me hooked. I am so excited to see where Klace takes this game in the coming days. Here is how i rate this:Graphics: 10/10Story: 10/10Pacing: 9/10This is worth the $10 US I have paid for itP.SI have also support the developer by other means
76561198204658148,Recommended,417990,20388358,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,LionWolf13,"Game is awsome, can't wait to play the rest of the story."
,Recommended,417990,25918146,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,KingKitFox,"Good Game/Novel, But an anoying error appears every once in a while: (Undefined is not a function)Error is temorarly fixed after restarting my computer."
,Recommended,417990,22014772,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Ilija,"I enjoyed it, though that might just be the bias of me being a furfag x)Still, it's worth a try ^^"
76561198264116224,Recommended,417990,21973543,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,syakillayume,To tell the TRUE this game is advantures and had romances especially you can switch gender too that I like the most :) and it really had a unique character.....I even image what kind of animal when I play in this game so is fun and funny!!!....so keep up the GOODWORK I looking forward for the next chapter...and I kinda hope this game could release the two chapter a month....I can not wait one chapter a month when I try to wait for the next chapter of the story so please reconsider for the release chapter...two chapter a month.....and I love this game and the story everyone should try it ;)
76561198024344455,Recommended,417990,19849003,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Clocks,I enjoyed this game so far despite it being only in early beta. The cast of characters was amusing and each has a unique and colorful personality rich in depth. My only regret is that it’s not finished yet and only will be released a chapter at a time as I would love to play through the rest of the way. Overall great VN game so far!As far as would i reccomend it? I already have to several friends!
,Recommended,417990,19928340,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Infaloop,"Chapter one is AMAZING! I am extremely excited for chapter 2! I can't wait to unfold the path I've chosen. I'd love to be able to compare my choices with others too! That'd be awesome! Also I hope I can date the guys ""as a guy"" XD hehe. I hope Major;Minor continues to grow! Please keep up the awesome work! Also I'd like to add another comment to this one, I hate how other people are just throwing♥♥♥♥♥♥comments on the creator or creators of the game. I'm just saying that instead of talking♥♥♥♥♥♥ you♥♥♥♥♥holes should point out the bad in a nice way to help improve the game instead of being a bunch of jerked know at alls. Because I'm sure furries like me don't like furries like you, since y'all are just a bunch of judging♥♥♥♥♥holes. And the ones that are actually supporting, thank you. You guys are awesome. The others that are just ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ on something new go screw your pillow pets in the corner like you always do. From yours truly Panda. ʕ•́ᴥ•̀ʔっ"
,Recommended,417990,21490093,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Nate Assassin,">I was only 9 years old>I loved Major\Minor so much, I had all the Steam Trading Cards and backgrounds>I pray to Klace every night before bed, thanking him for the life I've been given>""Major\Minor is love"" I say; ""Major\Minor is life"">My dad hears me and calls me a ♥♥♥♥♥♥>I know he was just jealous of my devotion for Major\Minor>I called him a♥♥♥♥♥♥>He slaps me and sends me to go to sleep>I'm crying now, and my face hurts>I lay in bed and it's really cold>Suddenly, a warmth is moving towards me>It's Klace>I am so happy>He whispers into my ear ""Welcome to the 'Ark'."">He grabs me with his powerful Husky paws and puts me down onto my hands and knees>I'm ready>I spread my♥♥♥♥♥cheeks for Klace>He filles my butt-hole with updates>It hurts so much but I do it for Klace>I can feel my pc overloading, and my eyes go up in downloads>I spam the update button>I want to please Klace>He howls in a mighty howl as he fills my butt with his new soundtrack>My dad walks in>Klace looks him straight in the eyes and says ""It's over furever now."">Klace leaves through my window>Major\Minor is love. Major\Minor is life."
,Recommended,417990,20822375,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,SaberFox,"Klace, i hope you read this :)Despite all the Hate, Abuse, Bullying and Attacks on Klace.I Honestly think Pesonaly, true from my heart. That this game is wonderful and i really enjoy playing it and look forwardto every new chapter that has yet to come.Everyone Attacking Klace are just self centered Prick'sTo The Furrys who Abuse, Attack and bully him over this game, It is very UnFurry of you, and you should be Ashamed, Being a furry Means appreciating art and artistic Talent, in my eyes any kind of Novel is a form of art.Who cares if Klace has writen the whole game around him, It is his game, he can do what he wants with it,Don't Abuse someone because they have made a game where the story revolves around a character that happens to be themself.If you're going to Abuse Klace, of course he is going to Flag your Review, Just dont post anything at all if it's going to be negative and Abusive.This Review Is my own thoughts. I am not just saying this because i am a furryThis is what i honestly think.Yes i would pay for the game againYes i will Defend Klace, Because people are Abusing and bullying him.Even if i Disliked the game, i would Not abuse him. i would still defend him regardless of my opinion.Bullying is wrong. If you Abuse people and/or Bully someone, You are a PrickKlace, If you read this.This is 100% my true opinion and thoughts on your gameI truely Look forward to future chapters.Klace, Please do not listen to the HatersThank you for a game i enjoy."
,Recommended,417990,20481868,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Mr. Clean,It's GOOD. All negative comments will be removed.Im done!
,Recommended,417990,25724812,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,The Inquillsitor,"It was a nice little game to past the time, I actually enjoyed it.When is Major/Minor2 coming out Klace?"
,Recommended,417990,19664283,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Fox234,"After beating the 1st chapter when I had time I have a few complaints. It's not as bad as some reviews make it out to be, and can be enjoyable, but the game needs improvements. Disregarding the drama around the developer (I think most of it was over-blown having looked into it)1) The UI sucks, why? Because it's non-existent. The game offers you a save point at random times. Pressing escape just advances the dialog. So if you want to quit, and save your progress, you're SOL. This is why It shows I've played for over 4hours while chapter 1 is an hour long at most, but that doesn't matter because....2) Chapter 1 has 3 choices total. You really are paying $10, and hoping the content pays off in a year. None of your choices have any real impact on the story so far. Hell, those 22 characters? Yeah, you only meet 4 (kinda 5, but all he says is hi, and then disappears) of them in chapter 1. On the topic of characters.....3) 22 characters, and 6 females. For a game that advertises going on dates Klace probably should have focused on more females (located on the Klace patreon page). But, again, the only female you can kinda talk to in Chapter 1 is Eclair. Jade has no dialog choices. Rook, and Kila are the 2 you interact with most. This also means the dating, and forging friendships? It's not in chapter 1. Again, you're really hoping future content makes the $10 worth it because.....4) Most advertised content doesn’t exist yet. Chapter 1 is what we would have called a ""demo"" in the 90's. A lot like how Duke Nukem 3D released it's chapter 1 as freeware. It gives you a taste of what the developer wants to do, but it doesn't have all the features.""Length of several novels""- Maybe when it's done, but chapter 1 was a pamphlet. A good pamphlet, but it's still a pamphlet.""22 characters""- Not yet. 5 total, and 1 has no dialog.""Go on dates, and forge friendships""- 3 choices, and 1 of them is if you should comfort someone having a breakdown. If your date starts with someone crying then you've done something wrong. The other 2 are 1)if you violate a NDA, and 2) if you go to a maid cafe. Riveting. My chair is useless because I'm on the edge of my seat.""SMS send and receive messages""- You send 1, and it's pre-typed 2 choices. Meaning it's a regular dialog choice with an iphone.""Multiple endings, and many choices""- 3 in chapter 1. The game did tell me I didn't get any ""true ending flags"". What are these? Are you really telling me there's a cannon ending for a choose your own adventure story? If you're selling the game on multiple choices then you probably shouldn't have a ""true ending"". That's just telling the player they made this choice, but they're wrong.""Trading cards""- They're there.""Controller support""- WHY? it's a visual novel that doesn't use anything but the RMB. Maybe I'm wrong. Maybe future chapters will need a controller.5) Main character is too introspective, and too relaxed. A lot more of his attitude, dialog and motivations should be left to the player. This is a game about choices, right?6) Art is good, but there isn’t enough of it. This means scenes make little visual sense. For example ""SPOILER WARNING, kinda"", if you choose to comfort Eclair she has the same picture as she does when you first met. This makes no sense since you found her crying at her desk. Why is she still holding a tray, salt shaker (I guess), and has a huge smile? I don't require full animation, but the picture should match the context of the scene. This also means every time Kila gets scared he still has an upbeat smile. And lastly on the topic of of scenes, visuals, and dialog.....7) No voice acting at all. It's 100% silent, and has sound effects from the SNES. The furry community is fairly large, could the developer really not find volunteers? Even free Skyrim mods have voice acting now. As far as sound effects, scroll down and look at the system recommendations. See where is says ""Sound Card: Whatever makes bleeps and bloops""? That's NO JOKE. It does however bring back fond memories of Playing Mega Man X on the SNES. So free points for nostalgia.In summary- It's not worth $10 as it sits. Many visual novels are cheaper, longer, have more art, and more sound. However I recommend Major/Minor because what's there isn't bad, and I want to see where it's going. Nothing is really offensive, it just has areas that could be great, but stop at basic. If any of my complaints have already been addressed then please disregard them. These are just my opinions based on playing the game. I haven't studied the game, nor have I paid for a patreon membership to get developer updates (how silly. Dev updates require $5 a month). As a furry I'd love to see this game succeed since most of the furry community is perfectly fine sitting in their deviant art comfort zone. It's good to see someone in the community with some drive to do more. Even if this game fails I hope it encourages more in the community to give game development a shot. As far as this game goes, it has potential, but potential is worthless if no one puts in the hard work."
76561198018067460,Recommended,417990,19724928,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Scoobert Dew,"I am try to sex squirrel but is not go because guy fieri wanted to take me to flavor town, I didn't even get to sex wolf man either like what ♥♥♥♥, am I meant to sex bird, fiero and myself? I dont want to go to the maid cafe ugh pls stop I just want to go to the anime shops and be a real jap man with my katan, when can sex wolf? please tell me so I can sex wolf alot, really want sex wolf10/10"
76561198102473652,Recommended,417990,19950182,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Scotty the Scottish Scottman,"Love this game, can't wait to see further development"
76561198165397318,Recommended,417990,20160307,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,DarkXero,has a good plot and looks to be geting beter can't wait till the next chapter.
,Recommended,417990,19703404,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Aviating Wolf,"Based on the game so far...Due to do the fact that this game only has one chapter, I would recommand waiting for the 2nd chapter/3rd chapter to come up. The story is okay during this time, but this game is still in early parts.Do I enjoy it so far?Yes. While it has it's flaws(cliche moments), the story itself has good start with its settings/plot so far. The character themselves are pretty good and there is interest to see later as this game goes deeper into the story.Should you get?Honestly, wait for the 2nd chapter to come out and try it out. Having one chapter may not be enough for some players to get into the story.----Update:So after playing the 2nd chapter of the game, it still seems to have interest on story. Newer events in the story is adding complexity of the story. It's still in the rising action and still too early to tell. While it still has a few flaws in story, the game has improved and is still improving.Should you STILL get it?You still have time and you can still wait for chapter 3. With aleast 2 chapters in the game, it's taking off somewhere. The story has gain more interest with 2 chapters. If you're still not sure, wait for chapter 3."
,Recommended,417990,25905923,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Hyojin,"It's a good game, It has good graphics, good storyline, *cough* good bo... Plot... It is definitely not because of fan service... *cough*... Good game even if you aren't a furry."
,Recommended,417990,26094459,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Daiwin,"I don't really do these graphic novel ""books"" and or ""video games"" I think they are boring to be honest.My Fox mate wanted the game and something about it intrigued me about this ""graphic novel"".So I got it for both of us.And I just played through it the first time and boy do I want to see other scerios of the other different stories!If any one remembers those Choose you're own adventures well this is very much like those like them you cannot read them like a regular book had to flip around to different pages to see if you ""Lived"" or ""Died"" and although no pages to flip it was very much choosing how the story plays out.And I am glad that I bought this novel book it has helped me with my depression and dealing with my own losses."
76561198086944055,Not Recommended,417990,23457305,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Frieza's Most Final Final Form,ew
,Recommended,417990,27589353,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,casanova,I didn't even met Klace in game </3
76561198055765798,Recommended,417990,26082447,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,BoostieRoo,"I'll admit, initially I had my doubts about buying this, but I've become quite hooked on the story. Bought the game on sale for $15, deffinitaly worth it imo."
76561198177190347,Recommended,417990,19761956,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Eylof,I didn't think I would like it since I'm not a big fan of reading nor playing choice games... but hell was I wrong I really loved reading through the first chapter it really took my intrest and I cant wait for the new one to come out.
,Recommended,417990,19705456,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Driftwood,"It's alright, for the most-part. Simplistic RPG Maker visual novel, gameplay comes in the form of the occasional choice you have to make. Story is obviously not going to be for everyone, though you can get the gist of the setting and type of character you play as by looking at the screenshots and reading the descriptions on this page; so for the love of God, don't be surprised if you find the narrative yucky after making a purchase. Chapters are being released in an episodic manner over the course of a year, truthfully, I don't like this, or at the very least am wary of this. Yet, the first chapter seems to have plenty of content to it, as I've already put an hour and a half into it with no real hint at the ending being close; and let's say it's only going to take me two hours to finish it, if two hours is the average length of each chapter, that's a total of 24 hours of content for ten dollars.All in all, I suggest that you do your research on this one, maybe wait until a few more chapters are released. That said, I'm certainly not upset to own this game.Also as a side note, as far as all the controversy goes in regards to the game's designer... I don't really know♥♥♥♥♥♥about that, nor do I care. Worst case scenario, If anything, is that I lost ten bucks on what seemed like a solid little game to♥♥♥♥♥♥around with, all becuase it got pulled off of here due to copyright ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, or the developer commits suicide before finishing the final chapter due to being harrassed constantly; boo-hoo."
,Recommended,417990,19685848,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Aethyr,"I should probably preface my review by saying I was likely to be biased in favour of this title before I ever played it; I like visual novels, I'm an RPG Maker dev myself, and as may well be obvious from my icon, I'm part of the furry fandom. I wasn't aware of this game before it showed up on Steam, and as such hadn't had previous contact with the devs, nor was I part of the Kickstarter.That being said, I was certainly impressed with it, and in retrospect would have funded it on KS if I'd known about it. I'll get the one negative out of the way first: as it stands, there's only one chapter available, and as such playtime is about 40 minutes only. As such, it means the price is currently a little high for the present amount of content, so those expecting a complete story straight away might want to wait. However, there are 12 chapters planned in total, intended to be released monthly, so if they end up being roughly equivalent in run time, it puts Major\Minor in the higher tier of VN length.Onto the more positive aspects. The writing is of good quality and I only noticed one small spelling/grammar error, which tends to be something I'm picky about. The story thus far is quite mysterious, as you might expect from an opening chapter, but there's enough hooks to keep me interested in finding out what happens next. The artwork is similarly good, and more to the point, it's consistent -- I've seen some VN's with clashing art styles, which tends to take you out of the story, but here it's obvious that the same artist worked on each character.The general feeling of the game is somewhat reminiscent of other furry visual novels, but at the same time it's not obviously derivative of other titles, and has its own flavour and style; it doesn't seem like it's trying to be something else. If anything, it most reminded me of the VN elements of Persona 3 and 4, certainly a favourable comparison to bring to mind.Overall it's made a good impression on me, and I'm keen to see what happens next. I spoke to the developer to give feedback and see if I could assist the project at all, and I'm pleased to report he's a friendly sort and evidently keen to engage with the community. If you like visual novels, it's recommended; and if you've never played one but the art style or any other aspect appeals, there's a good chance you might enjoy it anyway."
,Recommended,417990,19723347,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Luki SnowyTail,"With all the popular negative reviews I was kinda weary about the game... But once I played it for myself, I thoroughly enjoyed playing every minute of it so far, and I'm looking forward to the next chapters! It's still got issues to iron out sure, but I think it has potential of being a great game to play!"
76561198266984061,Recommended,417990,19927591,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Kentusa,"This game is amazing! The story is gripping, the characters are well thought out, and I can't wait for the next update!"
,Recommended,417990,19689590,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,ruinleon,Before you go through the list of 1/4 bad reviews let me explain two things about this game.One its more or less a visual novel where you decide things like those books where you would pick your own adventure.The game isnt anywhere near done infact every month there will be a new chapter which people seem to forget quite fastlytwo people are mad that the sprites are only one image and the game is mostly text based.which again was stated that it was a visual novel the story so far is better than huniepop which is what i think most people are trying to compare this to..... I honestly don't think people are getting the point of this game i mean for what was it....615 CAD and whatever has been purchased via steam that is a insanely low amount of money for a game studio to be able to launch a entire game onto steam which my guess it costed about 500 dollars to put on steam anyways. My point being is that the game for its nature is pleasant shockingly story like and honestly its exciting to see where the story is building up im excited to see this develop more in depth as the first chapter of a visual novel this is impressive there are so many places this can be headed.  I really think the main reason people are getting upset is because its barely out and really it should be in a greenlight section or even a beta section because its not a finished game its only progressing now.
,Recommended,417990,29733211,Posted: 5 February,all,karatecorgi,Loved this game! Thoroughly enjoyed it~ Looking forward to the next game by Tall Tail Studios! <3
76561198258917137,Recommended,417990,19688866,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,New Lotus,"I will try to be spoiler free as much as possible while addressing certain stuff specifically. After all it's a story based game.So you look at this review wondering ""should I buy this game?"" and although the first couple hundred reviews of people were all just angry rants know that the game IS worth it now.Before the second chapter came out it didn't seem like much could happen to make the game fix it's mistakes but...Now it could be considered an almost finished game. The blurred backrounds still hurt my eyes but that's part of a personal Issue... (my eyes would be bleeding for days if I could only see the background in it's blurred state D:) )I am assuming that the music is still under works to add for timing. It doesn't got many memorable tracks ATM but wait for it and it might be good.The characters are memorable however there are quite a bit that get introduced and not flushed out untill later chapters which gets frustrating for those who want to learn about the characters more in depth right away without scouring each of the words they sayIf the music turns out to be really good then buy this game for SURE. And Don't skip out on it. It's worth buying now.This game is fairly replayable, considering you can ""skip"" a lot of dialogue by holding the mouse or Enter keys on your keyboard any scene you want to get through can be done in about 5 minutes. A huge improovement over the 30 minute sessions to get to ONE decision.The game has some amazing storytelling and concepts it slightly lacks in displaying everything that it can by rushing you with information It's not a huge issue just a small one that'll probably be patched next update.Buy the game I'd say."
,Recommended,417990,25915978,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Alphatherius Wolf,"This is the best game I KNOW!Amazing story, the suspense is really heavy and you never know what is gonna happen...Its often easy for me to see ahead of the story, and... Wow... I've been wrong all times I tried to guess...I recommend this game to anyone, litteraly anyone (that can read naturally)I would rate the graphics 10 out of 10Story: 10 out of 10Well, everything 10 out of 10"
,Recommended,417990,25942092,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Raccoon_Boy2000,"i really loved the entire story, some parts very saddening towards the end, others were fun and adventurous throught the course of the story choosing what you think is best for the story to continue. i have had 0 problems and i realy loved the fact that you made this game to play out how the player/reader sees fit. this game has realy touched me in a way that i cant even begin to describe how some of the real world works like that where you might at some point have to make a very difficult choice. 10/10 to all that helped create this game, and to the person who came up with the story himself."
,Recommended,417990,25937976,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Daddy Möppy,"I love it! Amazing story (almost made me cri) it always keeps you on edge, I never want to stop playing this!Don't buy this if you aren't a furry, as you will die of cringe, k?The people who say the character pictures don't change are lazy and have no imagination, and I'd like to see you try and create a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥load of pics like that.If you also say the story is crap, you haven't played it enough. PLAY THIS ITS GOODIt's also on sale...Also trading cards and backgrounds sell for loads lol"
76561198028950490,Recommended,417990,19643550,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,(Nanalan) Mona,"Well I just finished the first chapter, and I got say it was a interesting read through.Positives:Great characters, my favourites are Kila,Jade and Eclaire.Nice fitting soundtrack.Very Nice Art Style.Inbetween:Chapter Bit Short like under an hour, but I enjoyed it.Characters with a single expression for every piece of dialouge can a bit wierd at times (Having extra expressions will give some life to the characters.Negatives:Nothing really.Not for People for who dont like Furries. (I dont mind furries)Overall I liked it, just the single expression thing is the big pointer for me, would love to see another chapter :)"
,Recommended,417990,19654470,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Tridacna gigas,"Hey, it's pretty good."
,Recommended,417990,25719245,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Registered Fur,This is the most beautifully crafted story in almost any game i have ever played. what are you waiting for? buy it!
,Recommended,417990,29625186,Posted: 1 February,all,|ivid Evi|,needs port to macplz ; ` :
,Recommended,417990,25739869,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Lucien,"This game is marvellous, in terms of story telling and resolution, think Mass Effect with a better ending. Honestly this is an asbolutely amazing purchase~There's so many different avenues to take, and the first two chapters do start off a little slow where you don't have many choices. Chapter 3 picks up and by Chapter 6, it's action story telling!Honestly, if you just want a good visual novel, with amazing story, brilliant artwork and excellent music, don't look any further~"
,Recommended,417990,30585375,Posted: 18 March,all,Fiveros™,NICE GAME FOR FURRY :3
76561198065784290,Recommended,417990,19601496,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,THE DONG,I just had a grand time with Rook and Kila. I will enjoy this
,Recommended,417990,19594002,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,ScalerAegis,"I think this games alright, bit lacking with choises theres like a few here and there. The story kind of to me feels like it plays it self, and I feel like there needs to be lots improved on. Other than that this game is nice not too bad not too great but it can improve from here on out. I hope i am able to recomend some things here cause the few things this game needs is animation. Its hard to truly enjoy it fully with out some character expretion or motion theres a few other visual novels that have animation either alot or a little, but this is my own little gripe about the game it just need animation with characters and stuff thats all, I will love to be able to help out to make this come true and i hope others will help out make this story grow more with the future chapters to beable to make it possiable. So i will close off to say This game i will recommend cause it can still grow in the following months if possiable and its not too bad so just keep on going ^^ and i hope no one haves too much trouble with what im saying cause i have a speech problem."
,Recommended,417990,19594296,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,SGT.FLUFFYBUTTS,"this game is well worth the money, even though it only has the first chapter at the moment it a well storied game. even if you're not part of the furry fandom it's still worth looking into if you like choice based story games. the game has many times reminded you to think out you're options  for it uses the same type of system as story based games like the walking dead, until dawn, or heavy rain. the game also has a great soundtrack fitting to each scene, weather it is happy, serious, or sad the music is very well composed. another detail that should be said is the art style, even if you are not into the furry fandom you must admit that the character design and scenes are very well detailed. to conclude this review it is very well worth the money for the dev team had spent a good bit time thinking about the story behind characters and actions, so remember that your choices matter will you save the two worlds or will you let them fall"
76561198097289305,Recommended,417990,19592563,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,macmania22,"I bought this as a joke, but it's actually kinda good. My friends and I had fun riffing it, and I can't believe I'm saying this, but I'm excited for the next chapter!"
,Recommended,417990,19580255,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Oditogre,"tl;dr up front: I enjoyed the game and wouldtentativelyrecommend it. If the wind snatching a $10 bill out of your hand would ruin your day, give this game a few months, but if you're vaguely interested and the price tag isn't high for your budget, give it a whirl. It's definitely rough around the edges, but still a promising effort, with plenty of time to grow and improve.First, a quick thing that seems to be causing some problems for other reviewers, where it's understandable why they'd be upset while not being the fault of the game: This is a visual novel, not an adventure game.  It's more akin to a 'choose your own adventure' book, where the reader makes infrequent decisions, but mostly is just reading a story, except with some character and setting art to augment the experience. If you're looking for more interactivity or player-character agency, this isn't your thing. If you're just in it for a laid-back story with a few different branching possibilities, read on.Pros:- There are a few different subplots that are interesting. This is, at the end of the day,themake-or-break factor for the genre, and so far, I'm feeling good about it.- Characters feel like they have distinct and consistent voices.- Character art looks good.- Music is pretty nice.- Furries. If you're into them, obviously, this is a win.Neutral:- Controls and options are minimal, but good enough for the genre and for Indie.- Finite number of save slots - Not huge, but doesn't seem to make sense, either.- Trading cards - may be a 'Pro' to some; I don't really care either way.- Furries. So far at least, it's not at all yiffy-murry-purry. If you're on the fence about furries and the character art doesn't bother you, don't let it turn you off of this game.Cons:- Writing could use some tuning. Dialogue feels stiff in some places, which is a greater-than-normal detriment for this kind of game.- Only one image per character. It can seem awkward or dampen emotional impact of some scenes or dialogue when the speaker is portrayed behind the text with a friendly smile, when the appropriate expression would be shock, anger, sadness, etc.- Felt short. If each chapter is this long, the full game will be asteal; a wonderful length for the price. However, a single chapter on its own feels like a too-short tease.- Furries. Obviously, if you hate furries, this game is not for you."
76561198210209749,Recommended,417990,19587381,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Doc Shoshu,"As for right now of my play thoru of the game Major/Minor its amazing game, to me the story for now is small but it probably get better, and the feeling the wait for each chapter is awesome, yes I'm a furry fan boy, not gonna argue that. But I love the story as far I've gotten, the characters are cute have a small fashion of what color they like to wear, yes Rook makes me laugh at times and so does Jade. Meeting Elcaire was pretty sadding knowing why Rook didn't come back, but as a first chapter and ect. Its gonna be more edited within each month, but I'm more excited of having a game to be into then having a random game that has no story and is just for killing things or people or ect."
,Recommended,417990,19580920,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,MadDoggyca,"A master peace so far in story telling, Five Chapters in and ever single time leaves me hanging on the edge wanting moreSome of the backgorunds makes the text hard to read since most the backgrounds have a Blurr effect.I really hope the dev follow through with all 12 Chapters...  Klace better not die in real life before the game is finished... (possible spoiler alert)On a side note this isn't a dating sim style... The story appreses to be as dark as hateful boyfrined AND  THAT WAS NOT, NO WERE CLOSE TO A DATING SIM... That was a very dark and twisted story/game.. I loved it8/10 (now only if the backgrounds were not blurred)"
76561198077533629,Recommended,417990,19579272,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,foxdevil1,"Well not gunna lie, it needs work. That being said, I saw little to no diffrence from this game and a traditional 'choose your own ending' visual novel. And I'd like to quickly point out, that such a thing isnt nessisarily bad. It just has a specific audiance.As with any form of 'art' (music, drawing, game-makeing) there are going to be critics. This is definetly a work in progress.If you dont like waiting for more, dont buy it.If you dont like furries, dont buy it.If you dont care for traditional animie-style visual novel story telling with branching paths, dont buy it.Am I biased due to being a fur? Sure, frankly I like the characters. They're an intresting lot. I even have 'waifu' matirial to look at all the while. Wich is a bonus for me ;D . Voice acting might be nice, but A: work in progress game, B: games don't NEED voice acting to be fun, and C: its furrys, I'm going to say nice things about it no matter what.Thats as far as my bias goes.I have played for one hour. I have reached the end of chapter one. I certainly have the option of going back, trying diffrent routs, but currently I have been left with a honestly cheesey clif-hanger. The writeing is slow, as it's obviously the begining of the story, but I feel a small bit cheated. I think maybe because JRPG aspects were mentioned, and only vaugely implemented. I'd like to break away from the main story, explore, get to know the characters a bit more.I don't like to rate games in early development, so my current rateing is honestly just because I want this game to end up good, even if it is rocky at the start. Oh and because Eclair. I'm a sucker for the cute ones.Keep an open mind if you open your pocket book (for what is essentialy a pocket-change priced game).If you cant do that, then this game isnt for you.(edit: I'd also like to point out that Klace, the maker of this game, put his charcter into his own game, and has recieved some stick for it. Kinda BS if you ask me. Two words 'creative lisence'. If I ever made a game, I'd probably do the same thing... except, ya know... not being a popstar... I'm pretty sure my character isnt supposed to be famous anyway. ^.^ Musicians place themselves in thiere songs all the damn time, is this (placeing one self in the game they made) any diffrent?)"
76561198151828346,Recommended,417990,19589474,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Sabre Wafflecakes,"I have heard that people are giving bad reviews because Klace put himself in the game as an ""idol"". I believe, as creator of the game, which has set the bar high with the fist chapter, he has every right to insert his character wherever he likes in the game. He worked hard on it, so it's the least he deserves as a reward. Rant over, the game itself is very choice based, a bit like most ""different"" games that are coming out, like Until Dawn and Undertale. I feel however, that due to the split nature of this game, the game could end up being more successful than Undertale, and may become one of those well heard of games that people like Markiplier and JackSepticEye play. I would recommend getting the game, and having to wait for each episode that comes out monthly, really adds suspense to the game, and allows people to discuss and guess what happens next."
76561198109779421,Recommended,417990,19571108,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Rave Nephilim,I like the game so far and I want to try more of it out. It kind of sucks that we have to wait for a month to get a new chapter but it's understandable. Love the theme that the game has but the music/ sound sometimes takes a while to play. I would recommend this to people who love graphic novel games if they can have the patients. Cant wait to see what happens next.
,Recommended,417990,19574238,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Wolfie,"It's a pretty good episodic adventure/dating sim with very attractive anthropomorphic characters with various sexualities.  If you like any of these things, you’ll like this game.You will have to wait quite a while to for updates to be finished though, so you might wanna wait (or buy it now while the cards will pretty much pay for the game itself)."
,Recommended,417990,19576207,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Furry&Brony1941,I think the game was very good it had good story going and the detiles in the story were coming together so would like to see how this goes into the other world and make you think can I really save two worlds or not so I can't wait untile the sec chapter in this story.
,Recommended,417990,19553094,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,håkonmeister =D,"This game looks good so far. I've never played games like this, but i had the feeling of getting it cause its simply a furry game. I just cant wait for the full game! #MAJORMINORHYPE"
,Recommended,417990,19561941,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Applesmacked(1080ti hype),"I bought it for arguably bad reasons, but I don't regret it.At least it will update more then bethesda games.Furfag/10"
,Recommended,417990,22641311,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Please Lewd The Dragon Loli,I enjoy memes.
,Not Recommended,417990,21116004,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Domdagger,"Ok to start with this game was probably not the best visual novel I've seen. Like I've seen character creation and all the good things that spectuclar games have. Now the music with certain texts in this game sucks like what would have a very sad moment... if you stay long enough in that same text box it'll become more upbeat. Now if they would time the music with the player proceeding through the text then it'll be almost good. Now the emotions are ♥♥♥♥ing terrifying like when I first saw kila's emotion...ugh... it just doesn't suit his character just to say. So I suggest you do NOT play this game unless you want boring text, horribly placed music, horrible emotions, and OK storyline. The ONLY reason I play it is because the storyline was good and I want to get more steam achievements and...oh... and it has multiple endings and I want to get ALL of them, it's just something I do. Still havent played it in a while though."
