user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198279719697,Recommended,418030,26275583,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,CuttingEdge15,"I really love this game. However, I find it to be quite annoying how there really is no point to having saved games. Whenever you die, you lose everything. It would be much more engoyable if you could just reload your last save. To those that are reading this and agree, please say this is helpfull to allow for the developers take notice. Thanks.EDIT:Now that I have progressed a lot further, I have noticed that I was wrong. I really like how you can also purchase spawns to spawn back in your base. That is very useful especially when you have extra power that isn't being used. Now, I cannot wait until co-op is possible on this game. I would defintely team up and destroy those annoying hunters...which by the way spawned on every side of my base.... -_-"
76561198077127487,Recommended,418030,26515442,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Beltorion,"G'day o/,Well I have to say, i am impressed with the quality of the game in graphics and it's crafting. On the other hand, promoting a hard core survival game without the basics of actually surviving kinda takes the shine off of it. If I may make a couple of suggestions to what i am sure is going to be a really nice rounded survival game. Oh, I come from Australia, so I may know a thing or too about surviving.1. Basic survival techniques - if you have no matches you can't start a fire, hypothermia, you're dead. Add flint and even rubbing sticks together can create fire. you already have fibers in the game use them to build camp fires.2. Not even a spear in which to hunt with or make traps with. Basic survival is actually spears and traps. you need to add these.3. Seriously your chicken requires 4x9mm shots to kill it. You need to fix that. 5 shots to kill a wolf? I have died regualry trying out different approaches to save ammo on wolves. A head shot with a 9mm projectile at point blank range on the skull of a wolf is about 95% chance of death or serious, serious injury. You need to review the damage output or change def stats on your critters, how ever your 'combat' system works.4. You can build a shotgun or any fire arm from cloth, cortage, wood and scarp iron but you can't build a spear or a bow out of fibres and wood/scrap steel? i may suggest either finding those itmes or finding those gun parts and then piecing them together, or alllow a machinery type setup in your com build and manufacture components.5. Foraging. Really? Having to rely on food crates so that you can survive while waiting for plants to grow and dodging your animals in the game (Bear & Wolf). Might I suggest adding water firstly, fish, birds, smaller animals you can actually trap (Thos chickens must do 90 Mph). Skin, leather,meat,bone know your talking.6. Your spawn rate of animals (Bears & wolves) is excessive. if you want to make your game Hardcore survival then at least make it realistic. There is no way 3 wolves and a grizzly plus a black bear would all walk within 5 feet of each other without attacking each other. Change your aggro from neutral to all. More realistic and allows you to have the chance of getting a free feed,skins etc.7. Hunters, I'm not finding anything to wrong except in my games the animals don't attack them. Change aggro to all not neutral, again more realistic.8. Needle and water create compass. you make high tech power storage, lights, craft fire arms from basically a stick and some scrap iron but you can't make a map or a compass? You need to add those. It's not being soft at all, it's a basic survival technique.9. Animals can not climb sheer vertical faces in order to chew your♥♥♥♥♥♥off. You should make it the same for everyone full block or however your collision or climb code works on objects. Still happens numerous times.10. all mobs level excepty yourself. As soon as you start having mobslvl and you remain the same unbalances the game. If you're going to use the excuse of experience age etc then your toon should also level up. Trying to kil a lvl 14 wolf with a hatchet is plain crazzzeeee, see up top for comments on spears etc.11. Not installing your BCU makes the game actually much easier and allows yoou to build your base,clothes, shot guns and more importantly ammo.12. the object of thegame from past couple of re-starts is not actually to survive but to die as often as possible. Scrap your pants there's cloth for ya, take note of your base, die, get spawned where boxes are loot until malnourished, Die, wash rinse repeat. no it's not cheating, it's using what the game has been developed for. if that's too hard or viewed by some as a @hack@, when you die you die permantenly restart with nothing if you want a true survival game.13. No way tomatoes use that much fertiliser to grow. Seriously.14. Try killing a wolf with a hatchet and see how many times you die. If you can't kill anything with the basics and you need to make guns then the point of survival is missed. See previous points about spears, traps etc.Other then that, I'm on about death 250 and still having the patience to keep on trying different things. I like it and for $15 bucks is definitely one of the best things I have bought, well there was this one time... but that's another story.Awesome job, please don't take offense, just some ideas that I thought you should implement into your game.Cheers 07"
76561198214500735,Recommended,418030,32589093,Posted: 20 June,all,talon77,"I must say, this game frustrates the hell out of me! which is a good and bad thing. the graphics are nice, and the gameplay is smooth, and it is extremely challenging.Pros:For being where it is in development it is actually a great game! There is huge potential here and could be the top notch survival game out there.The base building aspect is really nice and easy to use, yet complicated to the point it is difficult remembering exactly what components are needed when out in the wild. There are a lot of custom options available that really allow you to make base building an art. Absolutely love having to work with electrical systems.The wilderness survival portion really puts an emphasis on body temp, and nutrition. Also being stealthy and knowing when to run away is a definite plus when out gathering.Cons:I must admit, the combat system drives me insane. To start with, the pistol can't even kill small game in under 2 shots. Good luck using it against anything else... Wolves and bears will eat your face if you are not in your base, it does not matter if you are on a cliff or anything, they will get you. Wolves will run away if you step on your base, however bears will tear it up in a few hits and eat your face. God forbid if they kill you once, because when you come back (if you manage to get back in a reasonable time (see below)) they level up and get stronger, all while camping your corpse or base...Lets continue with the combat system, and lets talk about the AI Hunters... If they spot you, and they are too far of a distance to use a bow, they will dead eye you with a pistal. I mean seriously 5 shots if you are not near cover... God forbid if they are using a rifle... now if you do manage to get close, they will blast away with a bow or even closer a shotgun. They do not seem to run out of ammo ever. A few days in, they get explosives, they you might as well say goodbye to your base... they will sit there all night long thowing explosives (however you can't survive a night outside without fire). The hunters have 1 other advantage, their melee hit box is so small, you can bury your axe in there face, and it will miss.Okay, so you got dead... now if it is daylight, and have your base setup (has a beacon) you have to wait 100 seconds before you have any idea where your base is. Hopefully you died at your base, you might have a chance to get your stuff back. So now after 100 seconds, your beacon lights up and you realize you were going totally the wrong way the whole time (since navigation without that beacon is zilch unless you completely memorized the repeated rock and tree formations somehow you darn genius) now you have less than 3 minutes and 40 seconds to get back to your base and locate your box of stuff that dropeed when you died. Sweet so lets run all the way back, and avoid every wolf, bear, and hunter because you have literally nothing but an axe to defend yourself with (which is equivelent to sword fighting with a bananna), and no armor or clothing... but hey, you made it back with a minute to spare, oh crap, that thing that killed you is now level 4 and still standing there... welp your screwed, all you can do is♥♥♥♥♥♥it off and run away to make it follow you away (which half the time it returns). Now you finally cleared the way, and what!? your precious box containing all your items is gone... Well sucks to be us, now we have to go and spend another hour gathering crap to replace the crap we lost...Now for the poor and unfortuneate ones that die at night... you are screwed until daylight. you do not have the time to return home or get your stuff because you will freeze to death before any of that will happen. (unless you spawn on a bed in your home then you are lucky). it takes 5 deaths to get through a night, sometimes 4 (depending on how early/late you die)Lets talk about some of the cons on crafting. Now why would it take fiber or rope to make a gun? got me, but it does. Some of the items required to make specific items are a little wonky... But hey imagination is fun! I believe some items are simply place holders for items not in the game yet (I hope for realism sake).The mass amount of foraging chests and boxes makes you wonder, who the frick dropped all these boxes here and there? and why do I feel like I became part of the hunger games? You will spend the majority of your time looking for these boxes and avoiding the bear or wolf or both patrolling them. Once again, god forbid if you die while doing this, you better have a damn good memory, because the liklihood of finding your things is slim...Base defense, now keep in mind I do have limited play so far, but I havn't seen much for base defense other than upgrades. Now with hunters throwing explosives and constantly attacking, there should be some form of help.Finally, I sum this up. This game is early access, and it is apparently very early, but far better than a few other survival games I have played. I highly reccomend this game if development continues (and some form of marker is made where you last died, or a freaking map...) This game will definitely♥♥♥♥♥♥you off, and yet it is still fun. Can't wait to see whats to come!"
76561198137103623,Recommended,418030,32217953,Posted: 6 June,all,Rebel998,A survival game without zombies or mutants. You actually have to survive the wild. This game is great for just that. Finally i can play single player and focus on surviving then thriving.My first night i almost froze to death because my fire went out. I was forced to leave the area I was in and drop down in lower altitude in the dark with just a glow stick.Animals are something you dont wanna tangle with. Crafting is smooth and easy to understand. Graphics are okay.For the price its well worth ir. Give it a try.
76561198088838419,Recommended,418030,28273897,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,ФChezФ,"Alright so after reading some negative reviews i decided to add a review since a lot of them seem to be the same... IE ""its too hard i keep dying..."" ""I cant find anything nothing spawns enough..."" and bunch of complaints like that.First off if you are thinking about buying this game or play it already and having a hard time do yourself a favor. Go to Youtube and watch some of GameEdged videos on the game. I was having a hard time at first and died about 5 times getting mad and about to quit then i looked up some videos and ended up at his page. guys been playing it for over a year and knows a lot of tips and tricks that will save you time and headache. So stop giving negative reviews for stupid stuff and start doing research.I have 11 hours in this game when i am writing this and so far i love it. It is tough and exciting at the same time. Ever since i did my research i havent died i know what to look out for and what to not do. Game is coming along very well and the Dev is working his♥♥♥♥♥off on it making it better and better. Yes there is somethings i think should change like the Bows and Arrows being added in but im pretty sure he is working on that. The game is truly worth the money compared to a lot of other games liked it and once Multiplayer comes out it will be even better. I mainly want to play the multiplayer but im playing now to learn the game so its not as hard when i have other people running around stealing my loot and trying to kill me.So get the game watch some of his videos learn the in's and out's and enjoy yourself the games amazing and only getting better!"
,Recommended,418030,31635731,Posted: 8 May,all,Schwifty Swisher,"I really liked Rust back in the day. But the game changed into something that I didn't really like. I tried out 7 Days to Die and I just can't seem to get into the game and the animations are so janky. The Forest is awesome but scary and I don't always want my pants scared off. This game fits exactly what I've been looking for. An open world where i can craft, hunt, build and fight off other hunters is all I've ever wanted. Hope this comes to fruition and gets out of early access. So far so good. Even at it's current state it's something that I can recommend to the people who want a game where there is a helluva grind or want to remember how the old Rust was. Really pleased that this game has a focus on PVE than PVP."
,Recommended,418030,30105046,Posted: 22 February,all,BrantNapier,"60+ hours in - This is an awesome survival game even in its unfinished state!I am a retired/disabled man in my 50's, built pc's for myself from when there was only cyan for color lol,, I say this cuz once I became disabled (from a car accident) I've had lots time on my hands and I learned that I fancied the survival games more than anything else.I started out with games like Evony, Stronghold, and a few others but they are not true survival but was as close as I cold find for a good survival game,, anyways to shorten this review a bit;I hardly ever do these reviews, only for those that I really REALLY think deserves it, this is an original, it's not some zombie, regurgitated copy of all those other claimed survival games that are just apocalyptic, zombie infested Non-realistic survival rather just you slaughter as many zombies as you can and its just based that the more you killed the more you survived,, gets real boring to me..  lol.I really hope this fella gets all he needs to finish this and makes more like it cuz this is really the direction survival games need to be headed!Anyways, I could rant an rave over this one over and over, there are so many different directions this game goes from the others that its just that you need to play it to really get the full picture.If survival is what your into, this is the BEST your gonna find if not (at current date) the ONLY one of it kind that truly earns the “Survival” label.Its just awesome! I cant wait to see finished product cuz , Damn!,, Its good now lol but I'm hooked so I want more so you keep going and please don't abandon such a great game like so many other boneheads has done in the past, you will get rich off this one mate, it will sell for years to come, especially if you make added content or/and DLC down the line! One idea would be multiple maps (just a lil advice from a fan :P )..Well that is about it, I have no complaints out of the ordinary that has to-do with “its not done yet” and those particular things will obviously be fixed at finals and have been mentioned in other reviews besides the point so I won't even mention those “complaints” :PIf your one who don't mined playing early access games to help or just to demo the game, Get This One! You will not regret it for the price...Hell,, its even fun to start over hahahaha!"
,Recommended,418030,28760212,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Crunchy Soap,"Just because I've been enjoying myself so much in this game, I felt that I needed to give it a small review to help boost the ratings.The best way I can describe Subsistence is that it's like the Legacy version of Rust - the FUN version. Except signicantly less bugs and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s running around KoSing you. There's already a lot in the game considering it's being develped by one guy. His vision is the survival game I've been wanting for years. It's not easy. In fact, it's brutal - but certainly not impossible to survive. The negative reviews are basically from people who have been babied and catered to in their other survival games. This one actually requires you to think before you act. I actually didn't have a difficult start at all, I just avoided bears and didn't try to falcon-punch wolves.The singleplayer mode is awesome, the AI Hunters that build their own bases are by far the most interesting part for me as I've always asked for that but never seen it. I'm actually not a fan of crafting, but the developer has found a way to keep intuitive, yet simple, so I'm loving it. Once online co-op arrives, this is going to be one hell of a time-wh*re. There's lots of work to be done, and I'm already having a great time with what's in the game now so I'm excited for the future.Also; DO NOT f*ck this game up, Dev. Don't start over, don't give in to crying children, don't try to fix what isn't broken, don't sell out, and most importantly NEVER DO A BATTLE ROYALE MODE. You've got a gem here, make it a diamond."
76561198071677612,Recommended,418030,26304278,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Imp,"You wake up in a forest with an axe, a gun, and matches at your disposal. You hunt down a wolf, chop some wood for a fireplace, and spend the rest of the day looking for a good place to start a camp. You spend the first night crouching by the fire and hoping that no animals will come close.The forest has plenty of wood, so every evening you return with a bit of a surplus. You build a small shelter, then a larger house. What used to be a fireplace to spend the night becomes a home, the center of your forest, where you often return for safety and warmth.One day you venture to the forest as usual, looking for resources, sneaking among bears and wolves, when you heart skips a beat as you see the most dangerous animal of them all - a human. You make a step back, but it's too late. He spots you. You turn around and run all the way back home, bullets whizzing around you. Never mind the wolves, they can't catch you with this much adrenaline.You made it, this time. But he's still out there. And the forest will never be the same.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Highlights:- Just the right difficulty. Sometimes, especially in the beginning, it can really take the whole day to gather resources so that you have enough food and can make fire to survive the night.- It gets easier later as you get better weapons and expand your base, which is balanced by other hunters appearing and taking part of your hunting grounds.- Animals are really well done. You can't go Rambo and hope it works out as in every FPS. You have to plan, fully load your gun, approach them carefully. But it's not too hard to avoid them either - they start growling if you get too close.- When you die, you respawn at a random place in the forest while all of your inventory is lost - no gun, no bullets. However, your base stays as you left it. This is a nice middle ground where it's still very devastating to die (it takes time to make a new gun, get bullets, and be able to hunt and eat animals again), but not to a point of rage-quitting the game (you don't lose your base)."
,Recommended,418030,26225232,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,RODE_85,"1. Nice Graphics2. Nice Performance3. Nice Clean UI4. No zombies, mutants or aliens for a change5. Nice Price6. Single Player Option (Multiplayer coming)7. Bears, Wolves and Human Hunters (instead of zombies, aliens and mutants)8. Nice Game MechanicsDownside: Loot drops when you die, but disappears after 5 minutes and no way to find loot.The developer is solo, so you must understand that updates will come when they come.EARLY ACCESS! EARLY ACCESS! EARLY ACCESS! EARLY ACCESS! EARLY ACCESS!"
76561198035206378,Recommended,418030,28462377,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Zuleica,"I have 88 hours in to Subsistence so far. I must admit there were many frustrations in the first 4-8 hours trying to survive. However a little reading of guides and watching a few tutorials I quickly found that survival means taking your time, planning ahead, and looking and listening to your surroundings.One day I discovered that I had gone from surviving (barely) to thriving, proven by a roof full of solar panels, a fridge jammed with steak and liver, 4 dozen eggs, a gross of blueberries and a apples, and a few doezen bottles of water...not to mention dozens of protien bars, stocks of ammo and upgraded weapons! I went from always being hungry and malnourished...and often dying of starvation, to never having hunger, nourishment and hydration status bars less than 3/4 full.Today I took on the hostile hunters for the first time and am expanding my own base.ColdGames is amazing. That ONE person could develop this, fix bugs, and respond to customers plees for help nearly instantaneously...in his free time...seems a Hurculean accomplishment. You can feel his love for his creation when you play, when he responds to the community, and when he adds new content.Of all the early access games so far I think this one has been my favorite...and I didn't expect it to be.I started after he fixed a lot of the crash bugs so I haven't experienced any of those.It's Alpha, and there is a long way to go, but I think I'll enjoy this journey more than most other EA ones.Highly recommended.An update: Since this review Cold Games has made regular updates...small as he's a single person producing this game...but nevertheless constant and interesting content. My preferred play now is the hardcore mode with permadeath, much larger predator aggro range, larger small game spook distances and much much less random loot.This game has no 'faux' computer-bestowed skills. You develop your own skills from the simple skills of shooting the bow and perceptual skills needed to spot plants in the environment to what I call the five basic skills; a) situational awareness, b) risk management, c) time management, d) strategic planning, and my favorite d) operational security. You let any of these lapse, even for a moment, and you are simply dead. :) So refreshing an experience."
,Recommended,418030,32040882,Posted: 29 May,all,ViciousV,"UPDATE:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=950805352I just realized this game has animal housing; you can lure them in and fill it with food.UPDATE: Post 8th of June update, map has been expanded to the west, along with some tweaks for revolver recoil, in-game sliders for sound volumes and few changes for rotation of deployables.AI hunters and animals interraction has been upgraded to a whole new level, which adds up perfectly to the environment in this game.Developer is apparently following the demands of community very carefully, thumbs up for that!--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Subsistence is a very nice little world, but don`t let its nice look give you an impression that it is just nice and innocent. It is a very difficult bloody survival game and it takes a lot more effort to settle in when compared to the most of other survival games.Subsistence is often compared to Rust - differences are huge.Subsistence has much nicer visuals.Its difficulty is much higher than that of Rust.Subsistence has a slim amount of assets, but from what it looks like right now, its assets chart is set to be much deeper and more complex than that of Rust.For instance, harvest some wood in Rust and you already have your wooden base.In Subsistence, you need to turn your wood into planks + get additional items to build that one foundation. Animals are well tweaked and their movements are very realistic.Game has no multiplayer at the moment but it compensates with AI hunters - and trust me, they aren`t a joke.They still aren`t coded to raid you but according to developer himself, they will be real soon.They are often within perimeter of their base, harvesting resources.They`ll come after you from time to time.Subsistence`s development is continously being worked on, which is very encouraging.For now, I`d say get this game if you are willing to take part in its testing phase and are prepared to deal with its slim content.You may get through the entire game in about 15 hours.In its current state, game will give you a really difficult shot at survival.If you are looking for one, you`ll find one.Cons:-I heard there`s only one person working on this project.If true, then consider it a disadvantage.Regardless of the talent and skill, it will take more time to get this done.-Game has been around for a little longer than half a year, but its wiki page is very poor.Thats a serious disadvantage, especially for a survival game.Not to mention that the page needs few updates, I have seen one user correcting wrong outdated information there... once again, one man team strikes.-Will need more optimization.Expect slight fps drops.I won`t consider lack of content as a disadvantage for now.Will keep an eye on what happens in the future."
76561197981600973,Recommended,418030,33589809,Posted: 16 July,all,DvS,"""I am the sole developer of the project, which I work on in my spare time as a passion project.""Well, compared to alot of the crap Early Access stuff that's on here, it makes you question what the other developers are doing.The game runs well, and yet manages to look fairly good graphics wise, compared to other titles.  Not sure if being a DX9 title was a choice on his part or not, but not over stepping your boundries seems to have paid off.  I'm running fairly good hardware and yet other titles in this category generally look worst and perform terrible.There's not a huge amount of content at this point, but there's more than enough for atleast a few good hours of entertainment.Content and bug fix wise, it seems like he's pretty consistent. If he can get the multiplayer up and running, even if it's just co-op, then I think that it will really take off.If you are into this type of genre, you can't go wrong, especially for the price. And with the addition of multiplayer, I think it could be one of the best survival games on steam."
76561198060722909,Recommended,418030,26611542,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,RiverLord,"Day 1Morning:Ah, the great out doors! Fresh air, beautiful vistas, tropical climate. I think I'll just leave all of my clothes in the truck and hike 15 kilometers to the national wildlife preserve. 10 degrees this morning I had no idea the autumns up here were so temperate. I can only imagine the warm and serene evenings under the stars with the campfire crackling, the venison sausages roasting, the distant howl of the odd coyote under the majestic halo of the moon. It'll be swell.Afternoon:Gosh the terrain is rough here. Lost the path hours back only then did I realize that I left the compass and map in the truck. Looks like I may need to make a basic shelter to hold out for the night just in case. I really wish I didn't eat all my fruit earlier.Evening: It seems like only one type of plant that I have seen is strong enough to make rope. I haven't noticed anyone around here but I am finding crates full of equipment everywhere. I wonder if these are leftovers from a military training excercise or something? Well I'm pretty hungry, I live in a state that recognizes my second amendement rights, and I pay my taxes. I'm sure the state won't mind if I help myself. Ooh! Some band aids for my finger boo boo.Day 2Had to tend the fire all night. So cold. No sleep... The growling always getting closer. The eyes... Those terrible eyes everywhere.So hungry.Day 3Got a bit of meat from a wolf that nearly mauled me in my sleep.The trail back to the pickup has been hoplessly lost since the leaves started to fall. Gotta get the house finished. Keep fires going. Someone will find me.Day 4They found me!Day 5It was self defense. It was them or me. Sure, one was in cold blood but they shot first. It must have been their supplies I've been using to survive.Day 6No one can help me. Killed too many. Seen too much. I am a murderer.This is my home now."
76561198139420856,Recommended,418030,34028685,Posted: 4 August,all,zaxed5239,"I wish there was a star system on steam rather than a Yes or No option. Although I must recommend it because it has potiential and is playable (unlike some of the other games we get through early access).I give it a solid 3.5 stars, and heres why:THE GOOD IT DOES:The early game is very fun an enjoyable, lots of things to do before the NPCs come. Plus, the animals give the game that little extra umph the game needs, making sure that you stay aware of your surroundings and be careful at all times. The early base building is as it should be as well, with you looking and scavenging for resources via randomized boxes found throughout the map. Also, unlike most games, this game does not have just a hunger bar. Instead, it has multiple bars for different types of food, which is something I quite enjoy. It keeps you on your toes, making sure that you are not only well fed but also that you're eating the right types of food. This helps stop spam eating items like in some other survival games, and it also stops an overpowered food item, such as tatical bacon in DayZ.The animal AI is surprisingly well made. I was challenged and caught off gaurd on many occasions, and the AI seems to have a great tracking system, as outrunning them by jumping on rocks or over objects doesn't seem to work, as it does sometimes in other early access games. The hunter AI is surprisingly well made as well. Unlike some games, the AI does not stand in one area in the open. The AI activly moves their position and usually sits behind cover (I've noticed this in the 10-20 times I have shot at them). I'm hoping that the developer takes advantage of his terrific AI making skills and makes some type of aquatic animal, or maybe a ""friendly"" trader. (He would work like the hunters, but he would not shoot at you and would sell items to you for resources. But if you shoot at him, hunters would start raiding your base frequently and he would keep you away from the area where he is located).The updates come out regularly. I have seen many fan-suggested updates as well as creative updates adding other things to the game. For some soon to come updates, I suggest upping the map size, adding the AI above, or making nails easier to make. However, I know that this is an early access game, and some of these features will most certainly be far off. But the developer is dedicated and active, so I look forward to more updates as the game gets better!THE BAD IT DOES:""Bad"" is not the term I would really like to use, instead ""areas to improve"" would be a better way to describe this section. One area of concern has to be the supply boxes spread around the map. Yes, I praised them above for being a good system for early game collection, but thats the issue. They should JUST be early game collection. I, in the game, have a rifle, ammo for said rifle, a decently sized house, and 3 home base beacons. However, I still find myself looking for basic items such as nails, gunpowder, and rope. Nails, in my opinion, are too difficult to find as well, as not every box contains them. My suggestion for fixing some of these issues is:1. Making a ""wooden nail"". This could be used to construct wooden walls, however in order to upgrade the walls you need to build the metal nails. This would encourage early base building as well as make bigger bases be slightly easier for late game players.2. Make gunpowder a collectable resource. Make animal droppings, if done properly, become gunpowder. However, it takes more gunpowder to make a bullet if it is made this way. (I personally am not sure the exact process, but making this possible in game would be awesome!)3.Make underground mining possible, with higher levels of metals to make bullet casings.4. Make cordage farms avaliable, or make ""vines"", which are more rare but offer more cordage to make ropes than regular cordage.Final Words:I am very fond of this game! It is something I can see myself playing for a while. I can't wait until the next update! Nice job so far!"
76561197970495286,Recommended,418030,26241367,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Meritous,"So I'm an hour into my experience with the game.  Being someone who's put countless hours into Rust and other survival titles I'd say it's scratching an itch I've had for awhile.Things that I enjoyed.1. The graphics do it for me.2. Needing to pull your weapon in defense is not an easy task.  Not sure if this is the engine or an intentional design choice but I enjoy not being able to take down a bear without foresight.3. A solid beginning when it comes to crafting/house building.4. The game runs pretty solid, didn't notice much fps drop.Things you may want to keep in mind.1. We are a just few days into the initial launch, so expect the typical slew of quirks and rough corners.2. I'd love to see a FOV slider.  ;)3. Early, super early access.  And this is one guy on a quest fueled by passion.  Death is certain, the question is how much can you do before you get eaten by that bear or wolf.All and all you can see what the dev is going for.  Hardcore survival, and while I haven't encountered them yet AI controlled ""Hunters"" sound delightful.  The inclusion of co-op and dedicated servers will put it to another level.  Much like legacy, I'm happy to give a promising dev a few bucks to see what he's working on.  I'm sure this will continue to evolve, and maybe...  Just maybe we can get him out of his day job!If you're looking to support a game that is early by all means pick it up.  However don't expect that the dev is going to bow to every wish.  He's making the game he wants to play.  We can just hope that his desires meet our own."
76561198310623425,Recommended,418030,28384283,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Arpeggio,"This game is absolutely awesome. I am over 160 hours into it and am still loving it. Graphics are spectacular, especially the morning and evening lighting effects. Animals are very realistic-bears and wolves are mean as and I have spent my fair share of ammo on them. Chickens are damn quick, and then there's the rabbits-most realistic of all.Yes at the start it is difficult, learning the ropes, surviving. But hey, this is a survival game. Most of the negative reviews out there are from people who have spent VERY little time on this game (like under 3 hours). The atmosphere in this game is also fantastic. The number of times you just make it back to your base or outrun a wolf or bear really gets your pulse racing. Just wait till you hear an animal that is close and not be able to see him and you'll soon know what I mean.like all survival games there is grind, but the difference with this one is that you are ALWAYS potentially in danger, be it from the wild animals or the hunters.The areas that are accessable currently are absolutely beautiful to look at and walk (or run) through. There is so much potential in the game still, such as more biomes, animal types, building, and surviving aspects.Coldgames has done such a fantastic job developing this game in such a short space of time he is always keeping people informed on progress. He answers your questions and gives you feedback regarding issues you may be experiencing.I have a crappy 7 year old pc and I get 40+ fps constantly.For $14 this is an absolute bargain and it is likely that WHEN this game releases fully on all platforms, it will be $60+Coldgames, you rock!"
76561198089899444,Recommended,418030,30988522,Posted: 6 April,all,Osric,"I understand why this game has so many negative reviews, its not an approachable game, but then survival isn't an approachable undertaking. I too was frustrated at first until I worked out the system. It is very difficult to make a survival game easy to get into because if the mechanics are too easy at the start those easy systems make the meat of the game a walk in the park and survival should never be about that. It is grindy, but survival is grindy, if life as a hunter gatherer was easy we'd still be doing it.This game is by its very nature not one for those who look for a power trip from their gaming. You should run from wolves in a survival situation because trivial wounds can be life threatening and so those who want a game where you get to blow away the opposition should buy the latest COD and stop grizzling about a real survival game. What a joy it is to finally have a game that has a survival setting without zombies that really is tough. Every item, wall and floor is hard earned.The game is still very much a work in progress but how refreshing it is to have a dev whose focus is on providing a workable game rather than a scatter gun approach of incomplete and poorly implimented ideas. Everything there works and is well executed. The building and crafting environments are beautifully executed, the woodburner is the finest item of its type in any game I've seen, just stunning. I really hope that seasons are implimented in due course so that I can really enjoy the atmosphere warming myself by the fire with snow piling up outside.If you're looking for a 7DtD experience the go play 7DtD. If you want a decent survival game where the focus is on survival without the usual tired old tropes then do yourself a favour and fling the dev some dosh and watch this one blossom.  A proper survival game without the limitations of ""The Long Dark"" is long overdue and judging by the wise decisions evident in the compromises necessary in the early stages of Early Access this dev may well pull it off. Yes there are placeholder systems like the necessity for having lots of items provided in spawing loot containers, and yes the map is quite small, but these are smart choices to provide a workable game in the early stages of development.  Better these compromises than a bloated buggy mess and I find these choices reassuring from a dev.Don't be put off by the bad reviews, in fact some of the bad reviews I found reassuring as any game that appealed to some of the knuckle draggers who could barely parse a sentence and threw their toys out of the pram after 40 minutes would certainly not interest me. This game may be in the early stages of dvelopment but its more than playable for those who don't have the attention span of a goldfish and don't require instant gratification. This one is a hidden gem, I've had my fair share of crappy EA games but I've got a good feeling about this one."
,Recommended,418030,34672063,Posted: 1 September,all,✪Hidden,"lmao 80% the bad reviews on this game are just dumb c*nts who die easily because they have no clue how to avoid hazards until you have the gear to protect yourself.I saw one guy complained that EVERY SINGLE BOX YOU CAN LOOT was guarded by mountain lions, bears, and wolves, which i can assure you is definitely not the case. You'd be lucky to stumble upon two bears or wolves every 10 minutes. And the mountain lions only appear in the game when you build you Base Command Unit (which you don't need for a while) and even then, only spawn up in the mountains.Also, you can hear wolves nearby before you run into them... so how about you try and avoid them, hey?The game does indeed need more work - but it is early access and for what it's worth, i would buy it again. And just to give you an idea on how fast this game is developing, there is always an update log in my activity feed when i check it, which is every couple of days to a week.Maybe wait a few months before you buy the game, but if you like the genre, you will probably enjoy this game, and if you don't, well, what are you doing here."
76561198020978649,Recommended,418030,26305291,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Warm Fuzzies,"Firstly, I have followed this game's development for the past 10 months by watching let's play videos of it by GameEdge on youtube. By just the changes you can see over those past 10 months, I can tell you this developer (a one man army) has been working his♥♥♥♥♥off.On to the (partial) review.1: The game is not only an Early Access game, but as far as EA goes, and the general life expectancy of the EA stage, it is in the infancy of EA. The base game is there. The mechanics are smooth. The graphics are impressive for a one man developed game on the Unreal Engine. New features are being added regularly, and game breaking bugs are being dealt with ASAP.2: This game just came into public EA. Before now it was a private EA title. I can tell you that TONS of people have been begging for this game to reach public EA since let's plays of it first hit youtube.3: Do not compare this game to Rust. Different engines, different mechanics, and an extremely different take on what Survival is supposed to be.4: This game DOES NOT HOLD YOUR HAND. There are no tutorials. There is no ""hints"" system. You begin the game with a few basic things, like some water, some food, matches, a glow stick, and an axe. Any person that has even a smidgen of intelligence will now that the axe is likely used to chop wood from any of the trees in the game.Honestly....""Survival"" games from 2010-2014 have been pushing this whole mentality of hand-holding on the players. It dumbs down the games, and lowers expectations the players have.Subsistence does not do this. You are not told what to do, where to go, or how to survive. You will be brutally murdered by a wolf or bear, or AI Hunter, at some point in this game. This is a fact.If you are an intelligent person that's tired of having your hand held, then keep reading. Otherwise, GTFO and go back to 7D2D or Rust.You chop wood. You run around and collect fiber from specific plants. You loot various resources ranging from building supplies to weapon supplies, food items, and medical supplies from ""randomly"" spawned crates.These crates have different looks which tell you what they might have in them. The crates have a despawn timer. After a few minuets they will despawn, and randomly spawn somewhere else.When you die, all your stuff is dropped in a small crate on the ground. If you have a proper base built, you can spawn at it and then run back to your crate. Otherwise you are spawned somewhere randomly in the map.The crate you drop on death will only last for 5 minuets. This means you may or may not get back to your chest in time.The Wolves and Bears are brutal. They are faster than you. They do more damage than you. They have more health than you. When they kill you, they level up. Increasing their health, and damage done. For most of your first few hours playing this game, you will either run away from each animal, or you will grow a pair, and shoot that level one wolf with 5 9mm bullets and kill him dead. Then you will cook his meat and eat it.The base building in this game is on par with games like Ark, Empyrion, and Osiris. Look at youtube videos featuring building for this game for more details.End of Review. I have only put 20 hours into the game so far. I still have plenty of things to do with base building, npc killing, animal hunting, farming, rasing chickens, and upgrading my guns.Once I do all that, and put in another 20 or so hours, I will complete this review with a yes or no for recommendation.If you are on the fence about whether or not you want to buy this fairly cheap, yet very polished for what it is EA game, go watch some old lets plays by GameEdge, then watch his newest videos for the game.You will get both a sense of where the game started, how far it has come in a short time, and where it is headed. Go to the forums. Ask ColdGames any questions you might have. Either he or others in the community will answer them fairly quickly."
76561198067618992,Recommended,418030,31635122,Posted: 8 May,all,NTNSTY,"As good as I've seen for an early access game. Almost no bugs. No performance issues - though my machine is beefy, and no MP yet, so that should be considered.It's a simple survival game. No zombies or dino's.  I'm hoping the single player/co-op PVE remains the predominant theme for this game. So many EA's start out with strong concepts only to peter-out when MP is introduced.I also like the idea of supporting a small dev team that remains comitted to thier creation. ColdGames is earning my support.  <<Thumbs Up>>"
,Not Recommended,418030,30100383,Posted: 22 February,all,TheOnePunisher,"I really really wish there was a ""Neutral"" option in these reviews, I can't give the game a thumbs up and I really don't want to give it a thumbs down as it's only one guy coding the game and he's really on the right track but there's a few things in the game that I find as annoying as all heck, so here goes...Pros:The base building is fantastic: ColdGames has hit the nail more or less on the head with it, all the pieces (including foundations) snap together nicely and look good.The focus on PVE instead of PVP:  I've seen so many survival games with so much potiential cop out and take the easy road down the path of focusing on PVP and micro-transactions.  ColdGames really seems to care about those of us that enjoy PVE.The world looks and feels amazing.Cons:There are certain crafting elements that are either just too difficult to find or too reliant on loot boxes that randomly appear in the world, I know it's an early game and this will probably change but it's annoying nonetheless.FIBER PLANTS!!!  Good lord thee are hard to spot, not only that but the plants are NOT all over the place as I've been told.  I've found healing plants more then fiber (at least those are easy enough to spot which is probably why I have so many of them).  This needs to be addressed as I've said in the discussion forums I should be able to spot the plants I need without going blind.Everything that moves wants to kill you:  Don't get me wrong I like the wildlife, what I don't like is the heavy reliance on guns and ammo to take them down.  A lvl1 wolf should be easilly taken down with a melee weapon (for example in H1Z1 I can easilly take down a wolf with an axe and a few bandages).Food and Water:  I'm going to put this in the Con side because there needs to be a way to grow more food and have options for different kids of food (apples and blueberries should be able to be broken down into seeds for instance).  Water too should be more available, for right now you either have to rely on the loot crates or build a well head with scarce materials from the same random loot crates, A rain catcher would be easy enough to make.All in all I'd say this game has huge potential but a lot of work needs to be done yet, making a survival game hard is one thing but right now it feels like a second job.I'm really sorry ColdGames but for right now I'll have to give it a thumbs down, as the updates come and I play more this will most likely change, I'd like to also say that the only reason I'm giving a thumbs down is the lack of a Neutral option.Will keep my eye on this one."
76561198013055388,Recommended,418030,26574084,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Tyber Alexios,"This game is FUN!Survival is all you need to do to win in this game.Is it hard? Sometimes. But the longer I play the easier it gets.Is it a grind? Yes, but its a FUN grind. No really. I have not had so much fun grinding in any other game.Does it have bugs? Very few for so Early Access. And the Dev seems commited to fixing them. All the main game mechanics work. The crafting is smooth, and the Base building very well done.Does the game crash? Yup, but so do all my Elder Scrolls games. And a crash has never been a major set back in this game.Is Early Access a bad thing even if you had to restart the game to get an update to work? Not at all. It will be just as much fun to start again as it was when I first got started.Is this game worth the dollars I paid? Very much so. At 69 very fun and addictive hours played so far, I have more bang for my buck than some full releases that only lasted 20hrs.I think this game is only going to get better. But even if it doesn't I'm still having fun, and I think if you like a good survivalgame you will too.P.S. Oh and as bonus there are absolutly No Zombies in this game. Thank you Cold Games for that."
76561198058377831,Recommended,418030,26328317,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,FirestarteR,"Interesting sandbox game.  Pretty stable for an early access game (crashed about 2 times).  The game has potential.  Similar to 7D2D, but no zombies.Things I hope will be added in the future.1.  A much larger world (random gen world would amazing) with weather.2.  A map with custom markers (compass would be nice).3.  Caves, rivers and lakes (Maybe add fishing too).4.  Character stats and skill trees.5.  More wild animals (birds, snakes, deers, boars,...etc).6.  More weapons (bow and arrows) and tools.7.  More herbs and cooking recipes.8.  NPCs and animals hunt for food.  (It would be intersting to find them for the corpse)."
,Recommended,418030,28445120,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,GAD,"Wow This game is unforgiving early on, and I AM still in the ""Early on"" stages, after dying and dying and dying, but you know what? I love it. This game makes you think on your feet. That desperate feeling, looking for a way up onto a rock outcrop, and finally scrambling up to relative safety as the sun goes down, along with the temperature. If you aren't quick with the camp fire you freeze to death. I've been watching a guy called 'GameEdged"" on YouTube and he's given me some great tips. But guys don't look for a casual experience with this game, because in this environment you will NOT rule.The whole point of survival games is trying to just stay alive, and this game does that brilliantly. The animals do NOT do compassion, the environment - lovely as it is - will NOT do you any favours and the trees will NOT hug you back. You are on your toes the whole time - and I DO mean the WHOLE TIME.I managed to get up onto a large rock, and moved to the opposite edge, which was now a high cliff, and as I made my campfire I dropped my matches. Of course, they didn't land at my feet, they bounced down to the ground and as it was pitch dark I had no way of finding my way off the rock. Not that I'd have wanted to. But as I was deciding whether the blue Glo-Stick would attract unwanted attention, as I went to find my matches, the question was answered for me as a Grizzly decided it was supper time. The only good part of my first play was that death came quickly. I am not at all put off by the fact that so far I have been pretty crap at surviving. This is the work of a single developer and a great job he's doing too.If you love ""7 Days to Die"" and want that experience without the zombies but with AI hunters who build bases, and aren't afraid to shoot first - and if love the grind early on, then get this game.I'm glad I did. I remember how 7DTD was early on, and this puts me in mind of those days and if the development of this game goes the same way, we are in for a treat.Well done ColdGames, you have a potentially amazing game on your hands."
,Not Recommended,418030,28243366,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Gun Tech.,"I don't recommend this as it's not fun to play. Note: I'm writing this review Dec 7 2016 - a little over a month after Greenlight, so read with that in mind.It's hard, which is good, but it's hard in a frustrating and repetitive way. I ended up feeling stressed and depressed from the workload. I hope to come back and thumb it up when there's some fun in there!- the grind/kill/die loop is the whole game now. Even when the loop is perfected, it needs gameplay and ideas to be fun to play.- too few and random resources, bad RNG first few days or wrong location = unfair end to survival.- kind of generic world with resources spread out evenly and randomly, makes you just go wherever and pick up stuff, i.e. no exploration,- clunky enemies. basically homing missiles. (you can escape - if you're not low on stamina and there isn't another one in the way.)- gear that you craft just gives bigger running costs and recipes, so after building a good base I never got rid of the grind runs and gave up.The dev is quite responsive, but it's a tough ask to both move the game away from crate looting and put in fun game ideas in just a few months. I bought it on impulse and ended up hating it. I have learned to be patient now :)If you read this far and don't mind grinding forever and dying a lot, here are the positives:+ responsive dev+ stable, no crashes+ perfect crafting menus with intelligent storage options+ beautiful graphics, especially your builds, and wood walls etc are lower grind to craft+ good audio effects+ enjoyable gunplay animations"
76561198088104546,Recommended,418030,32755257,Posted: 24 June,all,RoadHog,"Now that I have more than 150 hours into this game I decided to re-write my review.It's an open game.  No missions or hints.  You simply have to roam the landscape for subsistence or die of starvation, cold or thirst.  The landscape is hilly and wooded.  Just recently two ponds were added.Recently I decided I was looking at this game wrong.  It's a survival game but it's not meant to be realistic.  Realism can be a dirty word and spoil the purpose of a game such as this.You have to play this game by it's rules, not by what you think should be.  If the wild animals, Bears and Woves don't act realistically it doesn't matter.  You have to live or die with it. :)There is an obtion to have hostile humans in the game called Hunters.  They will try and kill you.Crafting is a big part of the game and it's really good.  Again realism has no place here.  One can not expect to build guns, solar panels, refers and other high tech items in real life survival as you can in this game.It's amazing how few hitches there are in this program.  I have never experienced a CD.Almost everything works as it's supposed to.It is being developed by one person but he's real good at what he does.Many more features are coming.  Eventually even multiplayer.Well worth the money even at the stage it's at.  Loads of fun."
76561198089353314,Recommended,418030,29976916,Posted: 16 February,all,Ranger,"So, after a few hours of playing this game, here's what I know:1. There is no ""easy"" mode, it's a lie.2. Bears and Wolves consider it their sacred duty to protect loot and small game. They take this VERY seriously.2-a Bears and Wolves are extraordinarily efficient killers.3. Chickens and Rabbits (small game) always have a large, fanged friend nearby. They can usually outrun you long enough to get to that friend.4. ""Easy"" mode is a lie.5. One round from a 9mm pistol will not kill a chicken; neither will two. Two, however, will render it unable to run to it's friend.6. Despite all the ranting you will see here about lack of fiber and other resources, and Wolves being bulletproof, there is plenty of fiber and loot crates, if you stop sprinting long enough to look around.7. If you stop sprinting long enough to look around,  a wolf or a bear will likely eat you.8. Wolves are not bullet proof. You can kill a level 1/2 wolf with 5 or 6 well aimed shots from a 9mm.9. Bears are impervious to 9mm rounds. At least, to more of them than you can fire in the time it takes the bear to bring about a premature end to your day.10. ""Easy"" mode is a lie.In summary, this is an amazing game, with very few glitches or bugs. It is EXTREMELY difficult and challenging. You will EARN every single thing you get and every single minute that you live. Even in ""Easy"" mode, which is a lie.****Edit****  Never let it be said that I won't admit when I'm wrong. I based this review on about 3 hours of ""normal"" and a hour or so of ""easy"" play. I've now spent a good deal of time playing both, as well as ""Hardcore"".  Easy mode is not a lie. Hardcore makes easy mode look like a stroll through the park, with a team of waiters serving all you can eat buffet, and a squad of U.S. Marines keeping you safe. I think I'm in love. This is the first game I've liked so much that I wrote a guide for it. If you want more in depth information about the game, and what to expect if you purchase, you can find it here:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=870706275"
,Recommended,418030,33087521,Posted: 1 July,all,Ryu Senshi,"NO Zombies, NO Mutants, NO Aliens, and NO Apocolypse(At least not that I can tell so far LoL). Just you vs Nature. Such a refreshing thing to see a vs nature survival game. That said this is by far one of the better Survival games I've played(I've played a lot haha)even though it does have some issues. Such as, the bears and wolves are very over populated and overly agressive, sometimes to the point of frustration. On the other hand it does have some great freatures like instead of your basic need of food, you have to actually take care of both protein and veggies to be at 100% health, which is a great idea to make it a lot more challenging! The game still has a long way to go, but I can say I honestly feel it's well worth it's price tag just to support it's development. Can't wait to see where it goes from here."
,Recommended,418030,26405133,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,[75th]Lt_MiniRolo,"I do admire this developer completely, On his OWN he has created a very good game for where it is at.Yes there isnt as much as rust for 7D2D. But you shouldn't compare this game to the others. this is 1 person creating this. He is fully committed to this game and releases frequent upadtes which helps everyone out. He listens to the community and what they want him to add to the game. I fully recommend this game to everyone.I would suggest that you buy the game to help back the developer up for creating this game so far and creating much more to come.The price is definantly worth it !"
76561198014068038,Recommended,418030,28580345,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Kronos,"So many people talking about animals are too difficult, too hard to start, etc. Yet 3 hours in and 2 deaths down I have a functional base of operations and a solid gameplan for how to progress. Really now.Humble brag aside, we are looking at a very interesting work in progress here. A solid base to build off of. For a single dev working in his spare time, I say well done. Greatly looking forward to future content and updates."
76561198136279203,Not Recommended,418030,28338573,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,kirilus,"The game truly excels at getting people to rage-quit. In fact, I have discovered this phrase reading some of the forums. Spending several days on getting and upgrading your gear just to loose in an instant is not fun.Need a shotgun? No problem, as long as you have some hay and leather around. Right...The first experience is very positive and getting your shelter built is quite fun.Subsistence has a lot of potential if the game mechanics change. Currently I cannot recommend it since it uses rinse and repeat approach where you have to expend exorbitant amount of efforts just to get by. There is just too much reliance on gathering random loot.Pros:+ frequent updates (a few per month)+ beautiful graphics+ atmospheric survival+ interesting conceptCons:- repetitive- container loot is not realistic- you can craft a shotgun from haySuggestions to THE developer:* remove containers* apple trees* expanded livestock options* fence to keep wild animals out* throwing recoverable knives* traps* bigger map* scope for the rifle - add some hunting element* remove perimeter fence and replace with natural boundaries (mountain, river, etc.)* re-balance water and food consumption by animals / plants* add other characters, like traders* add native factions or something instead of hunters* add angry roaming hunters* wolfpacks* night vision* add compass already!I will check back in later to hopefully change the verdict. Cheers"
76561198107016243,Not Recommended,418030,31849237,Posted: 19 May,all,Joe Franks?,"Only played this for just over an hour, however I have watched many video reviews and lets plays of others. I feel in the current state its a little tedious and lacking something. I will try and list pros and cons of the current build so far and elaborate below those.Pros- Graphics are good- Core environmental mechanics are well implemented so far (Good Day/Night Cycle, Temperature works well, AI seems to be okay)- Loads of items already available to scavenge / craft- Crafting system seems solid with some challenge to it- Building system seems good and easier to use than some other surival / base building games- Have not encountered a single bug playing the game for that hour and a bit, apart from a ""misplaced"" map edge fence sticking out a littleCons- The map edge is designated by a tall mesh fence (kinda kills the vibe)- Far to many wolves / bears around, way to unrealistic, plus bears and wolves should not be roaming together. Same counts for a bunch of wild chickens being around a pack of wolves....- To many boxes around with loot, the items available in the boxes should also be ""craftable"" or ""scavengable"", I know some are already (like blueberries) but the gameplay is well to reliant on the others and thereby also reliant on finding the boxes- A small introductory tutorial is needed when you first start the game- Animal stats are completely out, I can shoot a chicken with my pistol sometimes up to 5 times before it dies, while a wolf will die with 4 at mostTo elaborate on the cons above with some suggestions. The map edge should not be designated by a mesh fence, use the environment for this, some mountains, impassable rocky landscape or simply water. Make it seem a little more natural. The amount of wolves and bears I reckon should be at least halved, but at the same time make them slightly stronger so the few that are around are actually feared a little and pose more of a challenge to the player. Same with the boxes, I would say they need to be at least halved, make some items found in there craftable and reduce the need for those boxes as they make the game very unrealistic at times.I feel like the game will need a small introductory tutorial for new players as some functions were certainly not explained and needed to be explored, which could cause some new players to loose out on useful hints, tips or functions, leading to them losing interest to quickly. As far as the animal stats go, I would suggest making wolves and bears stronger, but rabbits, chickens and anything else weaker. (for example. Bear Hitpoints 500, Wolves 250, Rabbits 50, Chickens 50 with a pistol causing between 50 and 75 Damage to HP or so depending on the hit location)To sum it up, I can recommend this game overall because of where it is going, however not at the current build, I would suggest waiting until some more updates and fixes have been released. Value of the current build I would place at around 10€ / 8$.A few words for the developer: This is a difficult market for you as there are so many survival and base building games out there at the moment, but you are on the right track, keep going and keep pushing out updates and the game will soon be where it is going to be most successful!EDIT 18 June 2017: I have just played this for another hour and unfortunately I must say that although some minor things have changed, however most of the game breaking things for me are still in the game and I am just unable to get into this game with these ""features"" around. I do truly hope the developer fixes some of the things I listed above and will be glad to try again in a months time, I hope this game improves as I can see its potential!"
76561197979820843,Recommended,418030,26217543,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,clixgamer,"This is a very solid game. After playing some, I can tell that this isn't just another cash grab of a popular genre of games.  The physics are solid. The survival elements are immersive.Definitely feels like the developer has put a lot of effort into this title. That being said. This is day one Early Access review and the game needs some added content. But at its current state, it is alot of fun to play...especially at this price point.I recommend."
,Recommended,418030,26299388,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Leichenschänder,"EDIT:Several days after writing this review I have to add, that the dev is really active and trying to keep up with all the community feedback. Last thing he added was a wellhead to gather water. Big community wish. Very nice! :DOriginal:Wow, I bought this game one day after official EA release. I am used to games like Nether, Ark, Forest and so on....What really caught my attention was the way weapon handling is animated (drawing the gun and reloading it feels just perfect!!! I like it to empty my mag and reload the gun :D) but besides that, it's the stuff you are able to build ... the way your house can look (you can build modern/curved wood huts, awesome). And most importantly: You can catch chickens and rabbits, feed them and raise them to gain better food or eggs, you can built generators to power your lights. You can make oil from animal's fat, craft better clothing and so on.This game is developed by ONE guy. It's quite promising. For now, the game has some problems with random crashes, but after getting used to getting killed by wild wolfs and bears and figuring out how to survive, you may get the survival feel and want to - at least - craft everything once in game!At first I died a lot, lost everything ... until now I am able to build my semi-base on the first ingame day! Its possible! (You have, as of now, 5 minutes to get to the place where you died, to retrieve your stuff! When you build your command unit, you also have a tracking point (beacon) on screen. After a while you get used to it, and know the world and can locate your corpse, at least if you are a real pathfinder :P).Oh and beware! You are not alone, the bears and wolfs are not the only dangerous beings in the world of Subsistence! Computer controlled hunters (survivers like you) spawn after several days and start to do the same thing as you, build a base. And they are not nice upon contact! I still need to figure out the best tactics to stop them from breeding ...Multiplayer is in the making (there is a trailer showing multiplayer from a year ago!), but as of now, I don't really miss it, since most people are just damn annoying anyway (see Rust <.<).Early Access, can recommend, promising, nice mechanics, and a good crafting system! Support one Guy, he is listening!IMPORTANT:Wolfs and bears are pi**ed off, when you come too close. So they roar and focus on you! Time to get away, otherwise they will hunt you. You can avoid contact and getting killed knowing that! Sneaking is a helpful mechanic too! Some people don't seem to get it and complain about it. So always keep in mind, ammunition is sparse (found in backpacks all over the place, can also be crafted, having the right items, but never enough to dominate nature!) and the wildlife is pi**ed off, that you are there! Survival is not easy!"
,Recommended,418030,26629221,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Kenn,"Subsistence is already a great game to play right now. I wasn't exactly sure what to expect, and got a bit frustrated in the first hour or two. It was a real struggle to stay alive and get enough resources. If you experience the same then you're on the right track. It is supposed to feel like that. You'll have to learn and earn to survive, and once you get the hang of it you'll find out how rewarding this game can be.If you like to watch let's plays, go visit GameEdged. He's the one who inspired me to play this. Also know that the sole developer of Subsistence, ColdGames is very active and responsive to its community here on Steam."
,Recommended,418030,31003494,Posted: 7 April,all,"︾Dredd, J.︾","Well, I must recommend this game. Yes, sir.But mostly because its potential to be a top 10 survival game. I really don't like multiplayer survivals, like h1z1, dayz, whichever, and this one makes me happy. For now. (utterly hate PvP games)Right now it is a kind of frustrating game, very limitated in almost every aspect except by one thing: the landscape is terrific!At this point, I would be happy if Devs improve in the next update:– Animations: humans looks like LEGO-robot characters;– Interaction between AIs: animals must attack hunters and other animals the same way they attack us;Implemented on May 8th update;In one hand, there is a lot to be improved, and devs are still taking baby steps. In the other hand, it's a 6 months old game... SO, YEAH! Let them work.Good luck, ColdGames fellas."
,Recommended,418030,29366573,Posted: 19 January,all,Cpt Jacky Sparra™©,"Subsistence. What to say?This game is by far, head and shoulders above the rest of the survival games out there on Steam. It is also, absolutely brutal. This game punishes your mistakes, kicks you when you're down, spits on you, and then laughs. But without a challenge, there can be no fun. And boy, have I had fun playing this game so far.Yes, I have been mercilessly bullied by the game. My first few attempts made me question why I prolonged the inevitable. Even when I was cocky with my first ""base"", all it was, was a wood foundation, a wall to place my yet uncrafted BCU and a fire. But it pulled the fluffy rug from under me. I died, before crafting the BCU. I couldn't find my base again. I almost cried...so close...so very close...So I tried again. This time I get the perfect start. An inventory of kings, a phenominal loot run to start with...but the bad decisions roll in when you are your most cocky...and I paid the price. The devastation was real. That wolf must be savouring my flesh. However, through the shock I dusted myself down and left clicked. The optimism shone through me...I had done it once, I can get that loot again, I thought. And boy, did I. I found the perfect spot for a base...and the BCU got placed. Success...I had my base at last. Fast Forward 19 hours into that very save file, I have a brilliant base, nay, mansion on the hill. Overlooking the wilderness as if I was Simba looking over my new Kingdom.Do NOT give up on this game when things go wrong. It is soul crushing when the wind blows your pee back into your face. But this game will reward you with an experience like no other. The satisfaction of building your base from nothing, against all the odds is a rich experience, and the pride in your base pulls you back to finish it, tweak it, optimize it, expand it, and most importantly, destroy the Hunters' bases.On the whole, this game is incredible. Alot of people whine ""I want more crates"",""I can't find fibres"", well this game at the moment is almost perfectly balanced. But that is it, it is balanced. On a knife edge. And your decisions tip it either in your favour, or tips you into the jaws of a savage bear or wolf that will not think twice before tucking into your warm corpse.Bare in mind this is ONE PERSON making this game in their spare time. And they already have a game that outshines EVERY ""survival"" game out there. In a world of supposed AAA titles, the big production costs, and cutting edge cinematic quality cutscreens, Subsistence still rams an axe into the jugular of mega titles. Am I on my XB1 playing FF15? No, I'm on Steam playing this utter beast, Subsistence. Enough said."
,Recommended,418030,32318609,Posted: 10 June,all,MikeysDunn,This is the one i have been waiting for a rust like single player oh i cant tell you how long i have been waiting for this game and its amazing so far just a few minor tweaks here and this could be a 10/10 game.so far heres whats bugs me-i feel like there are way to many wolves and bears even on easy mode sometimes the spawn rate can get a little crazy like seriously its annoying where there is a bear every 10 ft it isn't adding challenege its just a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥-Maybe a tad more on the resource gain its seems very stingy right now when it comes to leather/water/ammo-So i built my base on a rock and now i cant drill a well anywhere im not sure if this is intended or i'm just dumb and have stranded myself either way im sure this one is my badall in all this game is a gem and made by a single man good on ya mate.
76561198086866124,Recommended,418030,29794908,Posted: 8 February,all,Palmer Deadbeat,"This game is great, except for a couple things.Let me start with what is great. This is one of the best survival I've played. Let me start with the developer is great, actually listening to his fanbase. I'm very pleased that he has taken the time to create such a great game and change it based on player feed back. A serious thumbs up for the dev! Now on to the pros. The crafting is wonderful, with floors and walls that can actually curve. Other survival games, take note! You can actually craft houses that look modernish, and its great. As most survival crafting games have you crafting houses that look like♥♥♥♥♥♥no matter how hard you try to make them look good. You can't because the devs didn't put crafting in there to look good, only to be functional. Thankfully this dev thought of both. The combat is also pretty decent, its what you'd expect for a first person survival game with guns. The animals actually level up if they kill you which is neat. Another thing is the game looks amazing, some of the animations are a bit stale but overall it looks pretty fantastic. The game is very VERY hard, which I personally enjoy but some might not. I mean, I've died so many times. I literally have built myself up just to die and lose it all multiple times. Which comes to my cons of the game. First, when you die you have a 5 min timer to retrieve your stuff. But there is no actual timer on the screen counting down, or anywhere for that matter. Also, there is no marker to where you stuff is. You're just supposed to remember where you died in an open world game with no compass or map? Meaning you lose your♥♥♥♥♥♥every time you get killed. Unless you get super lucky and just stumble upon it. Leaving you pretty much right back at the beginning. Thank god your base stays there still. The game could seriously use some sort of mapping or compass function. Another thing is performance, on average I probably get about 54-65 fps on ultra mind you. But if I change the settings to medium. I get the exact same fps. Which leads me to believe there might be something going on with it not being perfectly optimized. But honestly, It's pretty hard to complain about it running as well as it does. But its still something I noticed and figured I should add on here. Another thing is the amount of predators, I've literally seen like 4 bears on my screen at the same time. I don't know if that's supposed to happen but the amount of predators seems a little overkill. Its just bears and wolves EVERYWHERE. NEAR EVERY BOX YOU WANT TO LOOT. Considering ammo is very scarce and losing all your stuff over and over again is frustrating. You learn to just move on to a box that isn't guarded by a bear or wolf. Overall though, I love the game and think it has the potential to be the best survival game ever. But it needs some time to grow and with the dev and community as active as they are. I really believe it will, if you wondering whether I recommend this game or not. I gotta say I really do. If you like hard survival games, this is one you cant miss. I haven't put a whole lot of hours in just yet. But you can guarantee I will, especially if the dev decides to throw in some multiplayer. ;)"
,Recommended,418030,33339253,Posted: 7 July,all,badpro,"Since i bought this game i always end more surprised of how amazing it is , the concept , the idea and the developpementMOST IMPORTANT THING:I love and i keep loving this game for its developper , he is so communicative with us and takes almost all suggestions and make them happen . almost every 2 weeks there is nice update (not a bugfix) keeps on adding weapons and more features and doing more progress in the mapGAME STUFF:. i love the AI hunters ideas they make the game more alive. challenging animals , so agressive. building is really 10/10. materiels and building stuff is rich enough. energy and mass system is well made*** this game is worth buying it you will enjoy it in every way***"
76561198238367612,Recommended,418030,30251671,Posted: 28 February,all,robotbob,"At this moment I'm 10 hours in and WOW. Its really challenging survival game. You get a real sense of impending doom and a desire to meet the basic needs quickly.My first few hours was a series of expletive laced deaths. being maul to death while running to jumping down and breaking a leg. I finally was able to survive a few days and get a base started. Once I finally had a base with a heater and walls, it felt like a real accomplishment. I am really enjoying hunting rabbits and the awkward joy I get from bowhunting chickens, Ha. The game warned me about hunters will be arriving soon, but for the first few days post base activation I saw nothing, Until I was on a chicken murder spree and ran into them.I have to say I was startled. Alone in the woods, then hearing wood chopping and then the slide going home on a pistol had me going,♥♥♥♥♥♥ They opened fired, I was wounded, but I hauled♥♥♥♥♥♥away from them to set up a quicky ambush. I bandage my wound, and waited, but nothing. So I moved flanking forward and just over a ridge one was waiting, on a large rock, ready to ambush me. He came at me, I hauled it back to my ambush point and battlled it out while he used a tree for cover.  That was a ton of fun, totally lost in the moment.I see improvements that can be made to the AI, but at this point, I think everything that the game offers justifies its price and everything added after is just going to be sweet gravy.  Its a tough game, there is a real effort put into just not dying. This is attrition, a struggle to just not die. I really love this style, I enjoy a game in which can be played in a long term stalemate. And that is what this game seems to attempt capture. Survival is a long term stalemate with death. eventually death will win, but as in life, you just refuse to budge until you cannot any longer.If you want a real sense of clawing onto a rock, trying not to freeze and making it through the night alive, #BUY THE GAME.#If you prefer instant rewards, 5 mintutes to victory and everyone gets a blue ribbon at St. Barnabas. Then you will probably not enjoy the game. Ok, back at it, I have a little payback coming for that hunter's buddies :D"
76561198061726737,Recommended,418030,29147384,Posted: 9 January,all,Jelly,"Great Game, Great Concept.Though, I must say, I find the death system very twisted.I end up surviving for 7 days, I build a base/gather supplies/craft weapons/etc. Then, I get ambushed by the biggest butthead of a bear. I bring him to 8 health with my shotgun, and still die. Of course, in this game, your items only last 5 minutes, even though there's no HUD indicator to let you know how much time you have left. So I think ""Oh, thats okay. It was near my base, so it shouldn't be that difficult to find."" Well apparently, the base icon doesn't appear for the first 100 seconds. So when I spawn, I have no idea where I need to go. It also decides NOT to spawn me with a gun. SO, I end up going in the wrong direction until the base icon appears. Once it does, I realize where I am, and I'm now high-tailing it back to my base to get my things back which took me days to scavenge. By the time I get there, it's been maybe 4 minutes, and I know I'm near where i dropped it. But then, this same gawddam super bear jumps off a rock and is up my♥♥♥♥♥once again. By the time I got away, I knew my items were gone. Now, the Hunters are coming, my base looks like a mediocre box fort, this genetically modified bear is patrolling my house, and I am chasing chickens to survive. 10/10 Difficulty and Addiction."
,Recommended,418030,26217629,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Bluesmachine100,"Definitely worth buying as it has definite promise. Obviously there is very limited progress to be made, and tweaks are needed in health/hitpoints for animals.For one person to have made this, is a minor miracle. It'd be great if more people could jump in to help with the progress, purely to speed up the continual progress.Be aware though, do NOT be expecting a fully finished, or even a near completed game. It's an excellent work in progress."
76561198177256158,Not Recommended,418030,32522222,Posted: 17 June,all,HeckingPotatoshot,"I cannot recomend you buy this game (at least not yet) for several reasons1: way too many animals: the bears and wolves you encounter are a serious threat, you need to empty a clip into the head of a wolf to kill it, i have put 10+ bullets in a bear, but i wasnt even close to killing it, this would be fine if they were easily avoidable, but wherever you  go, and wherever you turn you will see either a bear or a wolf,  they can find you from quite far away, and it is very hard, if not impossible to run away from one of them. for the first five minutes of a new game i counted 11 bears and at least 4 wolves.2: crafting and base building: i like the system, i like the customization, but raw materials are hard to come by, you get 4 pieces of wood from a single tree. you have to find nails and metal scraps from random drops, which seems to be abundent in some areas, but you can walk in one direction for 10 minutes without finding one( i know that 10 minutes dosent seem like a long time, but considering the amount of animals you have to avoid its a freaking nightmare. other than that, crafting timers and placement is very good3: fall heights. i jumped off a rock, that was roughly  the height of my character, and i broke my leg and started to bleed instantly4: world size: way too small map, and the end of the maps is marked by a fence.i do realize that this is an early access game, and dont get me wrong, the game has a lot of potential, but as it stands now i cannot recomend you buy it, wait for future updates, multiplayer is in the making, and the animal problem will be fixed ( or so ive heard)"
,Recommended,418030,30349458,Posted: 5 March,all,Basiic,"An honest reviewIntroductionSubsistence has the potential to be a fantastic game. Don't get me wrong, there are a lot of survival/crafting games on the market at the moment, but very few of them get it right. Subsistence actually has survival elements unlike other ""survival"" games such as H1Z1 or Miscreated. The game is a challenge for new players, so don't go in unprepared. If you are not a fan of dying over and over again, then this is not the game for you. You WILL die a lot. This game is no cake walk even on the easiest difficulty. Now, there is a decent amound of content available at the moment. Guns, base upgrades, and other neat stuff will keep your interest for a while. Now, let's discuss the PROS and CONS of Subsistence.PROSAI Hunters- AI Hunters appear after playing a BCU on your base. There are two types of hunters currently. One that sets up a base and one that roams.  AI hunters can be a challenge in numbers but offer loot when raiding their base. With the latest patch, hunters can now raid your base at unexpected times. Keep yourself well defended with upgraded walls and a stockpile of ammuntion.Difficulty- This may be a CON to some but survival games are supposed to offer a challenge. The animal AI at the moment is extremely unfair but won't be bothered if you keep your distance. The AI will go through rocks which hopefully will be fixed in the future. In addition, you must manage your hunger/protein/thirst meters. This can prove to be quite a challenge with limited resources.Base Building- Base building is very fun. A vaste amound of options will keep your base looking unique. Nobody likes box bases. Nasty.... There are also a decent amount of additions to add to your bae. Solar panels will help with power while beds will allow an easy spawn point. With the latest patch, you can now upgrade your base in order to withstand AI hunter attacks. No doubt this is one of the game's strong points.Devoted Developer- ColdGames is a fantastic developer who is devoted to improving Subsistence. I have personally never witnessed a developer take so kindly to harsh citicism like ColdGames has. A round of applause to you.CONSAnimal AI- Animal AI in Subsistence is extremely underdeveloped. Animals WILL go through rocks, slide on the ground, and act bizarre at certain times. I expect this to be improved in the future but as it stands, the animal AI is poor.Immersion- Nothing says breaking immersion than chopping up a tree just to have a red ""X"" placed on it. You can gather 3-4 wood from a tree before an ""X"" is placed on the tree. In addition, the map border is surrounded by a fence. Feels like I'm an animal in a cage.....Map Size- The map size is fairly small for being labeled as an open-world game. It takes about five minutes to sprint from one side of the map to the other.Gathering System- The ONLY WAY to actually get started is to loot crates found around the map that respawn randomly after five minutes. That is it. I warn you, this can be very tedious.Lack of content- Lack of end game content. This is likely to change in the future so take this with a grain of salt.The Game ItselfSubsistence has the potential to be a great addition to the survival genre if done properly. The survival-esque atmosphere is a breath of fresh air from the ""military survival zombie pvp shooter"". However, there are serious flaws that I hope are corrected in the future. As for right now, I recommend the game for anyone who wants to experience an unfinished survival game that can bring hours of enjoyment. For everyone else, hold off on buying the game and wait for more content to released which should be fairly soon."
,Recommended,418030,26266814,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,buzatasoares,"This survival game really stands out among others in the genre. Not comparing, but reminds me of The Long Dark for its great challenge to beat it. For those wondering whether to buy this game or not, at the present EA, I say it's worth it."
76561198053422627,Recommended,418030,26216990,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Zaxtor99 ® YouTube,"I admit that I was a little hesitant about buying and spending money on yet another ""early access survival game"".  But even though right now there is only single player and multiplayer is planned.. the game is really, really fun.Here's a Highlight Video I Made From My First 20 Hours Of Subsistence:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IilDavC15e8The optimization is great, i was getting a consistant 60 fps with my i-5 6600k cpu and geforce gtx 9700.  The game looks really good, everything from the clouds floating overhead to the rays of the sunshine to the rocky snow-covered cliffs in the background.A lot of crafting options, and getting started is no easy task.  The threat of wolves and bears is high, and until you get a spawn point created, it's not easy which means it's that much more rewarding when you finally get enough materials collected to get a small base started.If you like survival games like this, then this game easily gets my enthusiastic ""two thumbs up"" and a high recommend.  High five to the developer as it shows that he truly is trying to make a well made and fun new game and the price is more then fair.  I played the game for more then three hours my first try with no real glitches, problems, or crashes!"
76561197972087529,Recommended,418030,31478305,Posted: 30 April,all,novahux,"Very Awesome !  Freshest gaming experiance I've had since minecraft.10+ hours in, i intentionally avoided wiki's/this forum or googling for any assistance.I'ts like the dev designed the game just for me :) I can see why so many people have clocked up ridiculous gameplay hours now.My open air base (carbon monoxide paranoia)https://steamuserimages-a.akamaihd.net/ugc/799796759769483133/F11319574A41D0F9AE63660AA40DE1494482907C/"
76561198061078488,Recommended,418030,31920599,Posted: 23 May,all,Scorpioncrest,"Pretty fun and neat game, love how the game is focused on pve, since i love these types of game, the game runs pretty smoothly on a gtx 850m, here are a couple of things  you could consider:-Since nails are one of the main sources of building, maybe add a way to craft them (using scrap metal maybe?).-When collecting scrap metal on the ground you only get one piece, maybe give a random set amount you get from them, since the scrap metal on the ground look huge and getting only one piece seems weird.-Maybe when collecting crates you get some of the materials that would of been used to make that crate (ex. collecting a medical  crate, you can get some cloth from the crate).-It seems like making just one bullet uses up alot of materials maybe lowering the requirement or make it so that the player can make packs of bullets.-Lastly, adding defensive walls could be a great addition.P.s Can not wait for the multiplayer and i think that it is amazing that one person is making this game thanks for the hard work."
76561198172101165,Recommended,418030,29548663,Posted: 28 January,all,[.\\ \\'] CiDDY08,"great game. everything you craft or upgrade feels like an accomplishment, because of how many steps it takes to do it. this game is always a challenge, but never overwhelming(normal mode). i truly cannot stop playing. every chance i get, i play. ive been losing sleep by telling myself, ""just 1 more loot run"". evrything in the game works so well together. cant wait to see whatg futuere updates bring!GREAT GAMEGREAT DEV"
76561198063924228,Recommended,418030,29409033,Posted: 21 January,all,LRRPSarge,"This game has TONS of potential.  It's a lot of fun as is, and I'm sure it will only improve over time.  I'm extremely impressed that this game comes from only one DEV.  Cudos to you DEV.If you are looking for an easy game with tons of crafting, then this game is not for you.  You have to work for everything and I believe that is what makes this game so much fun.  It's difficult.I am a retired US Army soldier (yeah, I'm an old guy, but I'm still a gamer. Deal with it.), and a REAL wilderness survival instructor.  Dev, if you have any questions, I'd love to help.  No strings attached.A couple suggestions for the DEV:1.  Bows.  Really?  No Bows?  I'm carrying a hatchet in the game.  I'm smart enough to make a half decent bow and arrows.  Or even a spear.  A lot can be done with a blade and a little know how.2.  Bears and wolves living in harmony?  C'mon.  How about they have an aggro sphere, and if they intersect, they fight?3.  100% aggressiveness from wolves and bears.  OK...  If wolves and bears have eaten recently, they are nowhere as aggressive as they would be if they haven't eaten.  There are plenty of chickens and bunnies running around.  Make them food for the bears and wolves.  This would make us have to ""fight"" for the bunny and chicken resources that we so desperately need.4.  Berry bushes:  Make these food for the bunnies and chickens.  I love the way you have the hunger bars set up (i.e. vegetable /protein/ water.). making the bunnies eat berries from berry bushes would again make us ""fight"" for resources.5.  Water source (i.e. creek or pond).  We need one.  In a true survival situation, water is the #1 resource needed.  In your game, you could make the water ""meter"" deplete faster.  As long as we had a water source.Thank you for a great game, and I look forward to any and all updates."
,Recommended,418030,33323854,Posted: 6 July,all,ZoMBIExSLUGG3R,Amazing game! For one person dev it's better then most! Highly reccomended if you like survival game's! Can't wait for mulitplayer to be released
,Recommended,418030,32632471,Posted: 21 June,all,Bazgrim,"Single developer on this game is very nice and is committed to his project.Unlike most small teams of indie developers, this developer appears to actually be a software engineer in real life.Having a good understanding of C++ and the Unreal Engine for speedy development.I definitely think it's worth 14 dollars for the game, especially when the multiplayer aspect gets introduced."
,Recommended,418030,33661666,Posted: 19 July,all,Granny,"I don't make alot of reviews, only make them when i like a game.Even though i love the idea of the game, i do have some things that i would like to see changed, in a future update. Cause as of right now, for me, this is not fun.Everytime i gather a good amount of supplies i get batmanned by a bear from above. That was on a cliff above me.It takes too much time to get settled in. This is because of the slow gathering and expensive crafting. Every time you get close to gathering everything you need, you get killed by a bear or wolf that heard/saw you from a distance.Pro's:Game looks and runs great.Crafting system could use a graphical upgrade but it works goood.inventory system works great.The idea of the hunters is great, i like how exciting it could be to have to always watch your back.Building system looks and works great!Cons:I hate! and i repeat HATE! The amount of animals that spawn, even on easy mode this is insane! They take way to many bullets to the face to kill. its more than a full mag with the 9mm.The costs to craft something are insane!9mm doesnt do as much damage.Tips:The fibers should either be less rare to find or come in a little group for quicker gathering.The recourse gathering has to either be turned up or the you should get more out of your recourses when crafting.Make an option to turn off/down the animal spawn rate. Or make them spawn when you place down the advanced thing, just like the hunters.Turn down animal health, or turn up the damage the 9mm does.Overall:I love the idea of the game. This is why i recommend getting this game if you are into these kind of games. This game has so much potential."
76561198052893020,Recommended,418030,26229144,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Zezey,"I've played this game for an hour or so by now. Enough to get a good feeling for what the first few days are like.The lack of ingame tutorial and gameplay videos (aside from one or two lets players) make the beginning slightly daunting. However, with one or two google searches i soon found my way and now have my first semi-functional base.The game is as hard or as easy as you make it, all animals at this moment are teritorial. This means if you charge headfirst at a bear/wolf, it will respond the same way. However, if you're somewhat cautious you'll notice the animals growl at you and stalk you slowly at first, this is your invitation to walk/run away and avoid a fight. Fighting on day 1 is ill advised as you will likely use most if not all of your ammo killing a wolf, and unless you're a pure pc jesus living in the matrix RIP if you annoy a bear. That being said the animals can be evaded even if provoked to the point of aggression by running far at the cost of time and energy.My first two night were spent huddling by a camp fire whilst searching for cordage to get my base completed. Thankfully resources aren't too rare, but will require a sharp eye and patience to obtain with the exception of wood.By day 3 i have my own semi-auto rifle with enough rounds to maybe kill a bear if i had to. My base is a 4 wall 1 roof 2 door sort of place but it has a fire and i feel safe.Im yet to encounter the AI hunters, which is a good thing as at this point, attacking them would likely end in my death. It means i/you wont just be annihilated by an enemy with unknown amounts of bullets and weapons. However, when im geared enough i shall hunt for them and update this.As for performance, My dinosaur can run it just fine on med/high 720p using a 1GB AMD 6570 gpu, 4GB RAM and a dual core I3 Processor with a solid playable framerate and no stutters unlike most alpha titles.If i had to compare this game to another id say it reminded me mostly of the original RUST (one of my personal favourites). However it is different enough to not just be another clone, the base building is simple yet allows for beautiful designs and everything just feels good about this title. I personally cant wait to play more and at the current price, im definitely getting my moneys worth.TL;DR:Well optimisedAnimals are scaryBases are coolResources are hard enough to find to not be easy, but not so hard the game becomes boring."
76561198048628640,Recommended,418030,26345016,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Lelouch,"Game Review + Tips for Newbies (As of 10/31/2016)PROS:-Nice graphics and effects, aside from trees not actually falling down when you cut them.  The textures are decent, you can actually watch the trees sway in the wind, and it feels pretty realistic.  When you butcher an animal you get blood all over you, but it doesn't actually cut into the animal, probably to avoid offending certain people.-Decent crafting system.  There's not tons to craft yet, but it's organized and fairly easy to figure out even with no tutorial or prior research.-Feels like a survival game - Manage your Hunger, Thirst, Health, and Energy as well as your Protein and Fruit/Veggie intake.-There's no cliche zombies or mutated monsters.-Building a base or defeating your first wild animal (bear/wolf) feels genuinely rewarding because it's definitely a challenge.-This game has massive potential, and as far as I know is being produced by a one-man team, which is pretty ambitious.  He listens to the community and patches bugs/issues accordingly.CONS/IDEAS:-This game is REALLY hard (for some people, use the tips I'll post below to help your survival rate).-Everything drops on death and you have 5 minutes to find it with no compass or minimap and then it's gone.-Animals are unrealistically tanky.  You can unload an entire pistol magazine into a wolf and it can still live.  PICK YOUR FIGHTS CAREFULLY.-Structures take time and a lot of resources to complete.  Be prepared to hunt down hordes and hordes of trees and little bushes for Fibers.TIPS FOR NEW PLAYERS:-Sneaking is your best friend, use it to get to loot crates that would be otherwise impossible if a wolf/bear is nearby.-As of right now, constructing and placing the advanced base construction module thing is what causes other Hunters to spawn.  Build your base BEFORE you construct and place the module so they don't raid you while you're completely unprepared.-Remember to Butcher the animals you kill for meats, feathers, and cloth!-Loot EVERY crate.  Each crate has different types of materials; ammo crates, health crates, building crates, and save your lockpicks for the locked crates that have better loot.-Stockpile wood for a fire at night, you'll need 8-10 pieces PER NIGHT so your fire lasts until dawn and you dont freeze to death.-Meats CAN TURN ROTTEN (so do fruits/veggies, not sure?) so eat them after you're done cooking them.-Cook meats until they are well done (Not Slightly Cooked) to maximize stat benefits.-Harvest every little bush of Fibers you see.  Looking on hills at an angle can help you spot them.-DO NOT try to take on a wolf with only 5 rounds of ammo, you'll probably die and waste them.  Bears have even more health = more shots they can take.-The Shotgun sucks, rush the Assault Rifle if you have materials for it.-Stay away from animals in general for your first couple days, harvest wood and Fibers, and every loot crate you can.-Medkit crates are the best ones for finding bottles of water, imo this is the best way to get water.  I can usually find 2-4 bottles/day which is plenty seeing as you only need to consume like 1/day.-IMPORTANT: To survrive the first night, I recommend placing the first Foundation for your base high enough off the ground that you can jump up to it, which prevents animals from being able to get you you.  They'll get bored and walk away eventually.  Also don't build in the snow areas until you have gear or it will snow and you'll freeze.And lasty, Protein Bars are god.  Stockpile them.  You get Protein, Hunger, and I think Fruit/Veg from them, and I don't think they go rotten.Have fun!OVERALL RATING: 7-8/10 (just needs to be polished and finished, it is Early Access after all :))"
76561197995673502,Recommended,418030,34596981,Posted: 29 August,all,doomQc89,"This game is excellent and what got me hooked to the survival genra.Coldgame, the sole Develloper of this game is working hard on this game. Every 3 weeks or so he makes a new update : add new content, balance stuff, update the AI, correct small bugs, etc.It's constantly evolving and there's always somehing new to do and it's fun to be part and to be living of the evolution of this game.In my opinion, it's worth every penny."
,Recommended,418030,26220283,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Twitch    ☆ TheNames4lex ☆,"As many of you know, Subsistence is in Early Access. So needless to say, it's without its faults. With that in mind, the fact the game has been created by a solo developer, simply astounds me. Even in Early Access, the graphics, the mechanics and the potential that this game has is far greater than a lot of Survival Games that have been created on an industrial scale with multiple devs.I will more than likely edit the review as and when the game obtains development updates but for now, this is my Release Review.Pros:● Stunning Graphics● Good game mechanics● Smooth FPS● Decent GUI● Fair amount of features for an EA title● A developer that you can tell listens to the community● Unique features such as Farming, Domesticating animals, and Hunters never before seen in current popular survival game titlesCons/Suggestions● Important TipIt is no secret that you have created a phenomenal game with huge potential single-handedly. However, when Multiplayer is implemented and more and more people are playing the game, more and more bugs are going to inevitably arise. Meaning that your time is primarily going to be focused on fixing bugs rather than creating content or vise versa. My suggestion to you would be to get a couple of more developers on board with you. There's going to be weeks where you're just going to want to take a break. When you have competitors that have structured updates and a solid team. It's going to be hard to compete.● Crafting/CratesAlthough I like the lootable crate concept, it doesn't come without its downfalls. What I have found is that the crates can be few and far between. When they are your only source of materials, it can become a strenuous and tiresome activity especially seeing as you have to venture far from home in order to find the crates just to make an extension on your house.● AmmunitionAlthough this is a similar issue to the one stated above, it could quite possibly be a game breaker so I think it deserves its own field. I admire the fact you're striving for originality and having Sulfur, Charcoal, and Gunpowder as raw materials may not be the path you wish to go down. Although this isn't much of an issue now, when Multiplayer is introduced and you have the added factor of everyone fighting over these crates it's going to become an issue.● Melee WeaponsThis is a no brainer really and I was surprised to see that the only melee ""weapon"" you can use is the Hatchet and let's be honest it's not exactly the most effective one... Again, it's hard to really become original here but adding in a Hunting Bow is the Roux of a decent Survival Game...● Food SourcesIt would be nice to see some more food sources implemented into the game as starvation does turn into somewhat of a problem. However, you'd be hitting two birds with one stone if you added Melee weapons! Perhaps adding a water source other than lootables would be a good idea as well?● MultiplayerNow I know this is something you're already working on. But it can't really be emphasized enough how much this would drastically improve your game. Having this as your number one priority would help build and grow the community!— Verdict —With everything said, I think this game has so much potential. I hate using the word ""potential"" because it's tossed around so much in today's EA community. I don't want to see the game plummet into the ground. Should you buy this game? Watch gameplay, take both mine and other people's points on board and then come to a decision. But in all honesty, it's got more potential than I've seen in many titles. Once Multiplayer is introduced, it's going to be ground breaking."
76561198032048699,Recommended,418030,26259136,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Mondmorder,"Finally! An open-world survival sandbox that I can really enjoy. I understand this is just in beginning phases and will be having some work done to it, but this has everything heading the right way. I look forward to seeing how this game progresses and the 'end result' (we all know there is never really an end). Congrats to the creator(s) for this one, you have delivered an experience that others should learn from."
76561198043637372,Recommended,418030,33445903,Posted: 10 July,all,hades1678,"Love the game picked it up about 2 years ago on sale around $10 or so, wasn't expecting much at the time, but the dev has been doing a great job updating the game on regular basis. The graphics are pretty nice and the game runs smoothly. I hope the dev keeps up the great work he has been doing so far, I would recomend the game to anyone looking for a nice relaxed survival game, that doesnt suffer from the toxic comunity that we too often run into on some of the bigger games out there like Rust, or 7days to die, who are both great games, but have entierely too many cancerous people playing them. Also on a note: I really apreciate the fact that the game difficulty can be nicely boosted not only by selecting a harder setting but also by adding the hunters who are some decently annoying agressive NPCs."
76561197971192292,Recommended,418030,34917828,Posted: 13 September,all,[RS]Gasoline Dream,"The game at this point is too expensive for what it offers but it's still worth playing and trying it out. Here are my general observations:Good: (+)Game by all means is playable, demanding and addictingIdea of animals agro and lvl up system is okBuilding on most of locationsWeapon spread systemGraphics in ultra are amazingRefining minerals, and crafting is ok but limitedBad:  (-)Clothes and temperature - fully geared can't stay over night on mid /low altitudesEngine is a bit demanding on better qualityTrees should fall down after harvesting woodLimited number of items to interact with on mapAnimals mechanics in water is poorUpgrading animal pen, plant bed etc don't get a significant changeAfter death penalty system is a mystery... too random?Poison status after death, but no broken limbs (remove or change)after dealing damage on Animals they know exact location even if hiddenNo multiplayer at this pointNo headshot area on animals? 1-2 9mm shots to the head kill most animals (not bear...)What to change:Flashlight for shotgun / headlight for helmet?Food used by animals / plants (change values once upgraded)Map should be more destructable - more items to achieve by digging, cutting, and searching (fibers from grass, branches etc) add machete for grass harvesting also could do bleed dmg to animalsOptions of death penalty (drop tool belt, backpack delete all) or penalty lvl up on each deathClothes providing better temp insulationAdd multiplayerHigh grade arrows should kill animals on headshotPoison arrows / bleed arrowsCrippling legs of animals so that they slow downHow about a spear? Wood + scrap + Cloth (sinew)Game has a great potential and I look forward for next updates!"
76561198017269959,Recommended,418030,28776539,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Rico,"You slowly walk up the slope of the hill, 9mm pistol cocked and ready to fire, not knowing what lies just out of sight at the crest. A sudden noise to your right, the leaves of a bush 2 yards away rustle and something scampers out at a great rate of knots, runs across your path and down the hill. You scream. You're wife comes running into the room, worried. ""It's ok dear. It was only a rabbit !""  You curse and take a deep breath, heatbeat slows down. You continue up over the crest of the hill. Nothing ! You look down into the valley beyond and see a crate. That's going to be mine. Looking left and right, you slowly walk down the slope towards the crate, hoping it's full of ammo. Halfway down. Another rustle beyond a rocky outcrop - you stop - another rabbit or a chicken this time !?....a growl...that's not a rabbit ! The wolf comes charging around the rock. You shoot, once, twice in panic. The bullets miss. You only have 5 rounds left in the mag. You need at least 6 hits to kill it. You turn and run. Back down the hill, and into the arms of a level 5 grizzly bear licking his lips in anticipation of a hearty meal.Message on screen - click to come alive and try again.This will happen time and again the first couple of hours into the game. Do not give up. This game can be difficult at first. There is a steep learning curve, but you need to take your time and ""learn the ropes"". If you go into this Rambo style, you will come unstuck. There is much to learn to survive and persevere in this game and it takes time. Still in early access but already an amazing game and shows great promise to be even greater, including multiplayer, and all written and produced by one person. If you have been let down by other ""survival"" games in the past, then check this one out. You will not be dissapointed - as long as you take your time (you will die often in the early stages), dig through the Community Hub or youtube for ""survival guides"". And warn the rest of your household to expect much cursing and screams as you play."
,Recommended,418030,31624681,Posted: 8 May,all,Shadowz,"Watched another gamer play this game for over a year before we got access to it. GameEdged is a great person to learn about subsistence. So naturally it took me a while, but I bought it, and have been playing it off and on, and enjoy it a lot. If you're new to the game,there is an Easy Mode and you can disable Hunters in the beginning until you get the feel of the map that is out there. So yeah, it's an Early Access, and I have found the Subsistence community is one of the greatest ones I've seen and become apart of. So it's well worth the money , and Coldgames always updates in a timely fashion and listens to the community for the most part."
76561197985097677,Recommended,418030,28652505,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Morlock,One of the better early access survival games I have played.  Really looking forward to see how multiplayer unfolds and the rest of single player takes shape.
76561198070730591,Recommended,418030,26301794,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,BeardedBeachBum,"Awesome game.  Really makes you pay attention, to both the enviroment and your resource spending. Get it wrong and you die. Very realistic imo. Great job Coldgames!!!!"
76561198152909820,Recommended,418030,32410339,Posted: 14 June,all,VNP,"I love the basics of this game; how relaxing it feels while at the same time being quite punishing.But, to give it a thumbs up, in this particular case, I'm going to start by giving a few points to consider before buying.1. It's definitely EA. I personally think it's worth its money and it has a ton of potentional, but at the moment it's mostly crate hunting while trying to stay alive. Sometimes it feels a bit too much like you need to get lucky with what's in the crates. It's not game breaking by any means though, yet it feels like the materials that you now find by means of RNG will at some point be able to be farmed.It seems there's a review on this site where the dev actually confirms this. Great to see!2. This game is being made by one person. Big kudos to the dev for doing all this work, but if you are a particular impatient person I suggest you don't buy it just yet.That being said, this game feels like an fps map with an added (pve) survival component. I love the calm of the solo play but I can definitely see how this game lends itself perfectly for group vs group or a handful of single players vs each other. In that sense it almost becomes settlers of Catan 3D with gun fights instead of trading.And like the boardgame it is not per definition very story driven, yet it doesn't need that at all. I'd actually like the welcome change of a straightforward survival fps-like game with some added pve difficulty. Like ye olde enemy territory with less focus on just randomly emptying your clips and some more focus on survival, while also keeping it somewhat lighthearted.I think it's already worth the money, even more so with added multiplayer... double that if the game starts depending less on boxes and more on actual survival.I just can't get over the fact that only one person works on this. What are bigger companies doing if one person can get this much done all on its own?"
76561198109897702,Recommended,418030,33625547,Posted: 18 July,all,Isaac,"It is a pretty good game but not that good in some places. It has good experience in survival and building house, killing the AI hunter. but it started to get very boring in somehow.For example you just get noting to much to do in the game unless building and killing the hunter. it feel less and less scary when you know the animal (bear and wolf) and the hunter are really silly and easy to kill.so why not add some weather like storm and rain and thunder. that will be much better to experience, because it is a very small maps at all."
,Recommended,418030,29637823,Posted: 1 February,all,Arctic,"Very hard game. Not for faint hearted. you will die alot, lose alot of stuff, but thats what i like. this game makes rust look like a walk in the park. all the bad reviews are salty people who say its to hard. and you cant hate on a game with text-to-speech :) thanks COLD games"
76561198104881724,Recommended,418030,31525179,Posted: 3 May,all,Dell,"So far its been like WOW good game!For me everything hits the spot from game play, graphics & survival.Think of it a 'bit' like 7dtd only the other players are hunter NPC and animals & no zombies :)On a fun scale of 10 it has to be a 9Lose 1/2 point because the map is smallLose 1/2 point for the hunters spawn around your baseBuy this game its fun and plays well :)Great game :) very recommended!"
76561198067695657,Recommended,418030,34043999,Posted: 5 August,all,davis.muskogee,"I have logged over 100 hours on this game and, though it is still in early access, I find it to be very playable and immersive. Initial survival is hard but that is what makes the game great, you have to fight to survive.As you work forward into the game, you have the ability to build a base (or multiple bases, if you want), forage for materials (chop trees for wood, gather randomly spawning plants for cordage fibers, healing herbs, or blueberries), collect randomly spawned containers of loot that make building and surviving less difficult (ammo bags, health kits, build crates, and the locked shipping crates), chase chickens or hunt them, along with rabbits, go hunting for bears and wolves (dangerous), or even challenge neighboring camps where AI hunters lie in wait to annihilate you (even more dangerous).One man is building this masterpiece and is doing an excellent job. Updates occur regularly and always add to the game in ways that are immediately noticeable. The developer, ColdGames, also monitors discussion threads about the game and responds promptly, as well as taking good ideas from players, integrating them into the game in some cases.If you like surviving and building, this is a good game for you. I have, personally, enjoyed it immensely and continue to do so. Now, I have to go. Still have to build a defensive wall and work on my solar farm in the game."
,Recommended,418030,26683317,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Supersky,Well after 8hours of gameplay i am starting to get not bad.... not bad wich means that i can live longer than 2-3 days without dying!! haha i have so much to learn and i get soo frustrated at this game but i cannot stop myself of going back and try again and again to do better. If you ask me if its worth the buy? Well1- Do you like challenge?2- Do you like..... challenge?3- are you OK with dying alot at first?If it's all yes give it a try you won't regret it. Awsome game! Alot to work on but still pretty nice. Alot of building options.Maybe a little too much of wild predators in all the same area but. But I LOVE IT!Keep up the nice work dev!! PS; can't wait for the coop :)
76561198131180447,Recommended,418030,28083503,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Poncho,"I am having a blast with this game !  The mob difficulty and health management are awesome and the fact that we dont lose our base after death is perfect. Base building is smart and painless. Map is gorgeous and I'm stoked for it to expand.  This is a real good take on the Survival genre and its only going to get better,  i would totally buy it again."
,Recommended,418030,28299272,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,[RUDE]*DeViL*||,Been looking for a challenging survival game.  A solo Devloper has provided just that.  I can't say enough good things about him and the work he is doing.  The game is set in the wilderness.  You loot up and build your base.  The base building system is top notch.  How good is your base is entirely up to your imagination.  Fight the Bears and Wolves.  Then later the AI.  It is early access so yes there are some flaws.  But this developer listens to the players.  Don't go in thinking you are going to dominate this game right off the bat.  I am telling you I have lots of Survival Game hours and this one kicked my♥♥♥♥♥♥  So if your looking for a challenge then you have found it.  Subsistence.
,Recommended,418030,26307167,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,CH_Whitehart,"Made by one guy or so I heard? if that's the case then BRAVO! This game is beyond what a single person should be able to achieve.This game has huge potential, like for real its very addictive already and what it lacks in content it makes up for with its core gameplay.I can only see this game getting better, so long as it doesn't take the route Rust took, that was a mistake.Only problems Iv'e noticed so far...*Often crashes when placing windows.*Fibers are few and far between, building a base feels like Fiberhunter simulator.*Aggroing a wolf/bear when you run out of ammo is unavoidable DEATH. They will never fall behind in the chase.*(Maybe just me) On day 8 now, not a single hunter has been found after quite a few loops of the mapApart from that this game is damn good fun, and from what I read the dev actually listens to feedback which is nice for a chance! kudos for the ALT F4 feature, well placed friend. Current state 8/10, just needs polishing and content which I know will come in good time."
76561197997399448,Recommended,418030,33267363,Posted: 5 July,all,Papercut,"A solid game, reminds me a lot of rust but offline. It's supposed to go online at some point. I've killed probably 10,000 wolves and still going."
76561198020932651,Recommended,418030,28841502,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,careface,"I highly recommend this game.  Yes, it is difficult at the beginning, but it is not impossible if you play smart.  It took me about two early deaths to figure out what I was doing wrong, and now I have an expanding cabin on a hilltop with an amazing view.  Every day still feels impactful because of the need for biofuel (either through gathering herbs, crates, or by killing animals) and the need for materials to craft bullets and building materials.  There is always something you need to be working on, or working toward, even after the amount of playtime I have.  I still haven't attempted to take down a bear, even though I probably could.  I'm waiting until I upgrade my weapons a little bit before trying, because of the threat of permadeath, which is a GOOD thing.  Cheerily farming in the forest and then hearing the growl of a wolf sends chills down your spine every time.  Amazing game created by only one person."
76561198106330995,Recommended,418030,34493301,Posted: 25 August,all,Modus Digerati,"Got this game a few days ago and I'd like to offer the following warning to any prospective buyers.  Its along the same lines of addiction as crack cocaine.  Very fun, even though it can be a bit grindy, the base building features make it enjoyable.  The hunters are very good shots, and the AI is pretty good, though they can get stuck on things sometimes.  I like the crafting, and cant wait until he expands it further.Can't wait for more content, and it seems like the developer is very active, especially considering the whole game was made BY ONE PERSON?! Insanity.  I'd like to see the hunters try to push into your compound more aggressively, if you build a bigger base they won't try to approach.  Booby traps and a more complex electrical system would be very cool (similar to fallout4 with xor functions, relays, timers, motion sensors and pressure plates.  But I'm just dreaming here, not neccessary at this point, I'm sure you got a lot on your plate.  Very good job on the game so far.I wish there was a way to find cougars more easily on normal mode, I usually can only find one every few days even though I comb the whole map.  My solar array is lacking."
76561198047311696,Recommended,418030,30948209,Posted: 4 April,all,Killjoy,56 hours in game and update by update it keeps getting better. Dev is active and responds to customer suggestions. This is already quite fun and will be a gem once its polished
,Recommended,418030,26259418,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,WarFalcon,At this point I have 18 hours in the game. At the time of this review there is only single player available. I knew this when buying the game but for $14 bucks I wanted to see what this game was like before the multiplayer came out. Figured I would jump in it for a hour or so and see how it goes. Then I got hooked. Never thought I would play single player this long.If you are someone that plays Rust and thinks you should have a base up in 1 hour and have full vitals in 30 minutes and get food easily then you are going into this game with the wrong idea. This game amplifies the idea of survival and it's fun stuff!There is some base building mechanics (Base Commander Center) that this game uses that Rust should use. It would make servers live longer and make people spend more time on base building then base raiding. I really think this game has some good potentional and hope to see some success in it when PvP comes out for it.
76561198028699383,Recommended,418030,34102984,Posted: 8 August,all,Fluze v2,Really have to hand it to the developer to do this all by himself!
,Recommended,418030,26705354,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,peanut,"Saw this game and decided to check it out from watching a couple youtube videos of it. Looked pretty tasty and looked like my kind of game. Bought and downloaded it and started the game. I spawned in got some wood and then I was like ""This seems fun lets see what I can do"" so I walked a bit more then I was like ""♥♥♥♥IN BEARS"".After respawning I got myself together and got a crap tone more stuff from crates and such. I was going pretty good but then I shot something and it turned out it was a ♥♥♥♥IN BEAR. Lost all my stuff and started again.Played for another hour and got myself a little♥♥♥♥♥♥shack up and I was doing pretty good but you know what happend? A ♥♥♥♥IN' BEAR CAME OUTTA NO WHERE! So I kinda like but 3 shotgun bullets in his skull and now he is dead.- Great game overall nice and smooth running and loads to do. Love the concept of A.I hunters and looking forward to killing them and taking their loot. Also can't wait for Multiplayer, should be a good crack. Overall great game even though I don't have a lot of hours I defiently would say check it out :)! -"
76561198267460314,Recommended,418030,26268399,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Backwoods Patriot,"Good game, Has the best base building, Hard until you get used to the animals and how they react, Way too many bears and wolves i hope he fixes that soon, For a game being made by one person its pretty darn good. Once you start your base make a storage box, command unit, and refinery you will need to refine ore to make lockpicks too open special crates. Well worth the money and the developer listens too the negative feedback which is cool."
,Recommended,418030,31617582,Posted: 7 May,all,MafiaShotz,"Never really liked the game, thought it was too hard. Until I finally sat down and spent the time to get to know it. It's an amazing game. Some things need changed here and there, but the dev listens to every request about the game. It takes a lot of knowledge about the game, just spent a good 3 hours when you have free time and you'll love it."
,Recommended,418030,27863225,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Hurricane432,"The game thus far is a great adventure for those that love survival, base building, and some good adrenaline rush at times...When roaming the world you have to find loot in boxes, keep an eye out for medical, fiber, and berry plants, while watching out for attacks from animals and hunters that are also AI.I am loving the game in building my base up little by little. It takes time to gather and find your way around but that's a great thing. I would recommend this game and one of the best EA games by simply one guy and it a great treat to play it in EA.Have some tough animals to contend with and surivival is tough day in and day out, die and you lose it all but you can find your body and get your stuff back. Be cautious where you go and always keep your head on a swivel. Creap around and gather enough, head home and build up your base....Great job and loving my time"
,Recommended,418030,26264601,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,HazeZer0ed,"This game is addicting and fun honestly. I dont feel like there is a whole TON to do, but i do feel like it has a lot of potential and i look forward to the progression of Subsistence. Only real issue i have been having is that its been crashing, usually when ive finished chopping a tree and im trying to pick up the logs... :pEdit:So after reading a lot of the reviews in the negative section, i wanted to sort of address them. Subsistence is a survival game. Meaning the one thing in the game that should be difficult... is surviving. I feel that this game is a brutal game and for the first 2 hours, all i did was spawn die spawn die spawn die. However i dont see that as a negative thing. It makes you PRAISE the bullets you obtain and choose between shooting a wolf near a pack or walking away and gathering other materials. The one thing i am very happy with, is how big the inventory is and the fact that matts have a decent stack size so you dont have to empty your inventory every couple seconds. I love that you can easily craft items you need to progress and the builting system is simple but completely awesome. The look, feel, and concept that goes into power usage and mass usage to craft more items is amazing, and im so glad that there is a homing beacon otherwise i would have been lost a long time ago.To those who think the game is crap in the negative reviews, let me just say that most of you havent played over 3 hours, and i myself spent 2 hours repetitively dying. I consider myself a fast learner but, this game stopped me from just taking on wild  animals and slowly having to be a ton more careful and progress without running into danger. and if you do run into danger, make sure you have a base set up cause it saves lives. I've also found i've been able to go onto my home and animals no longer chase me.Good luck survivors"
76561198073681755,Recommended,418030,31671438,Posted: 10 May,all,marineraider1942,i love the developer for this masterpiece <3
,Recommended,418030,26253405,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Miss Daisy,"I purchased this game about a hour ago, and have been playing in since then. Overall I like the concept of the open world survival BUT it need alot of work with the animals.. you cant go two feet without running into a bear or two wolfs, and with only 6 bullets you have nothing to protect yourself so you just keep dying over and over again.I really hope you find a way to get this fixed up becuase it has the potential to be a great game."
76561198321009380,Recommended,418030,26430063,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Savage Gaming,A refreshing break from all ther zombie and mutant variants out there. Graphics are really great.
76561198058277397,Recommended,418030,26598076,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,zurzudan,"This game rocks!I am really impressed by how balanced the game dynamics already are and the constant updates and improvements. Especially considering that this is a one mans work. Thx Dev, keep it up.In my opinion the price is fair for the content the game has.I also really enjoy the fact that the game is not too easy like many others i've seen. It's challenging, especially in the beginning but it's not too hard either, i really enjoy the mechanics.Does the game have some bugs? Well, yes a few, but considering the early access state, it runs surprinsingly well. Besides, the dev has a great focus on game stability and is always in contact with the gamers. I have played many officialy released games with far more crashes and bugs than this one.The biggest con so far is probably the not yet implemented coop/multiplayer mode. But this is sth. that is already in work and will be implemented in the near future. So if you don't like playing alone, then just wait until it has it.I can recommend this game for everyone whos likes sandbox survival games, especially for 13,99 €."
76561198123542768,Recommended,418030,26460670,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,I just don't care anymore,"Please add multiplayer to this game, we already like it we just want to play with our friends"
76561198088567195,Recommended,418030,26231371,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Thundrwolf,Although this is a EA release I have to say good job. I went into this game not expecting much to start off with as far as content but as i started playing a can see that this game can be a great one.Nothing like seeing a NPC build thier own base and chase you away or kill you if you get too close
76561198033162560,Recommended,418030,26226775,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,DronoPuddinpie,"Great job by a solo developer, good price point"
,Recommended,418030,26601058,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,DARKONE GAMING,Great Early Access game still a way to go but the content in the game so far is enought to keep me going and do a youtube series about
76561198377221527,Recommended,418030,31668592,Posted: 10 May,all,ShowBobsPls,"This game is amazing. I cannot stand single player games/campaigns but this game even with multiplayer not implemented yet is awesome. It feels like the adult version of minecraft, which means it basically shares nothing with minecraft besides the genre.Pros:Graphics are awesome for an Alpha(or any game for that matter)HIgh Survival AspectEverything is earned(you must continuously chop wood and hunt for supplies to stay alive, atleast in the beginning)Some days you have to weigh the risk of whether to kill the bear to get supplies or just waitDecisions have to be made on whether to feed you, the animals, or your plantsCons:The bears and wolves seem to always be everywhereBears can take close to 3-5 shot gun shells before dyingWolves take up to 7 handgun shots (so guns need more power)Some supplies cant be made only found in crates(seeds)It can be frustrating to always have to chop wood and loot and kill animals (3 steaks a day to survive)It seems like the only time to actually craft and build your base is at night when too dangerous to lootPlayer movements in 3rd Person are laughableOverall the games base is very solid, no bugs, just needs more features and tweaks on the mechanics. I cant wait for more updates to be released."
,Recommended,418030,34744996,Posted: 4 September,all,Rolf Hammer,Great game. Has an old rust type of feel. Only big problem ive noticed is plant fibers( AN ESSENTIAL INGREDIENT FOR MOST CRAFTABLE ITEMS) are incredibly scarce and on three different times in a row spawned right next to an animal and was butchred instantly.........Not to mention only 3-4 blocks of wood PER tree.
76561198049347329,Recommended,418030,34808359,Posted: 7 September,all,-SoG-Sharky36,This game is seriously addictive.  The game is in Alpha and is being made by Coldgames in his free time.  If you like survival games then you will like this game.  The game is frustratingly hard at times and dying is brutal in the beginning of the game.  My suggestion for anyone that gets this game is to start it on easy mode without hunters for a couple days to get used to the concept of the game.  Once you get used to it then play it on normal mode because it is brutal.  Like all survival games there is a certain amount of grind to survive and Coldgames has created this to not get too easy too fast like most survival games.  The struggle is real and this game will make you feel like your still struggling after 50 in game days.I got this game a little over a week ago and I already have over 100 hours playing it.  The Dev (ColdGames) stays active on the forums listening to the community and answering questions and comments about the game.
,Recommended,418030,26563688,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Sσrrσω,"i hope we got borderless window , i hate fullscreen , and add a POV range is too close for me"
,Recommended,418030,26409557,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,UdderJuice,"In my old age I enjoy a small amount of disposable income to spend on games.  I can afford to and enjoy tossing developers a few bucks if an early access game looks interesting just to support people who are actually trying to produce something.  Many times I only play the game once or twice and may never play it again, only following the development on the store page.  I figure I got my money's worth out of it and did my part by helping to finance their efforts.Rarely do I write a review.This game deserves a mention.  Yes there are many “survival” games flooding the market but this one is a little different.  No zombies, no back story, just you in a beautifully rendered forest and if you do too well for yourself a.i. survivors show up and try to ruin your day.  I like the simplicity of it.  It focuses on doing a few things and does them well.More than anything it's amazing that one person made this.  Maybe they used a lot of purchased assets. I don't know if they created every single thing in the game but a lot of work has clearly been put into it and it shows a lot more quality than many other early access games, many of which were obviously made in Game Guru with stock parts.Clouds move in the sky, trees and foliage sway in the breeze, sunlight shines through the tress.  It's pretty darn impressive.  The menus are clean and logical.  Controls are smooth and the game runs great.  There isn't a ton of content but the game is challenging enough and you have to progress through trial and error and discovery so it's going to take a while before you get established and see everything there is.  And it is priced perfectly for the state it is in.If I had one criticism it would be that the animal animations need some work but I couldn't animate a slice of bread and I've certainly never created anything of this scale so who am I to judge?  Oh and I agree with one other person who said that fire should repel animals.  I don't need to be attacked by a bear while I am sitting by a fire crafting planks.  That stinks.I do hope that when multiplayer is implemented it is cooperative and not player versus player.  I do not find anything fun about having other players ruin your attempts to get started in a survival game.  I would much rather work with players to defeat a.i. Enemies.  Maybe create a radio system were players can call for help if they are being sieged.All in all, a great little game made by one person, well on its way to being something they can be proud of."
76561198087356542,Recommended,418030,26246208,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Chris Milk,"A solid first day survival game.Pros:- Graphics are decent.- Wildlife is dangerous which is a plus.- Crafting is decent too. Lots of options. Little grindy.- Finally a surival game with human AI that builds and attacks you.- Good price point.Cons:- Very unbalanced. Needs difficulty tweaks.- Chopping trees is very inconvenient. Woods just drops on the floor, Hard to find.- No map.- Brutal death pentalty. Can be considered a pro."
,Recommended,418030,30806504,Posted: 28 March,all,Lil Puff,Pretty difficult but still one of the greatest and semi realistic survival game on steam at the moment!Current grade 8/10 (will change as more is fixed and added)
,Recommended,418030,26221619,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,BinaryEX4,Good foundation for a great game here.  Although i spend alot of time dying. Could you slow the chickens down a bit please  :)The playing area seems a little small at the moment. Other than that thumbs up! Good start for an early access.
76561198033564047,Recommended,418030,26250134,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,OldHunter,"After playing 12 Hours .Is showing a lot of promise and I would highly recommend this game.The meaning of Early access and i quote.Early access, alpha funding, or paid-alpha is a funding model in the video game industry by which consumers can pay for a game in the early stages of development and obtain access to incomplete, alpha or beta versions of the game, while the developer is able to use those funds to continue work on the game. Those that pay to participate typically help to debug game, provide feedback and suggestions, and may have access to special materials upon release of the game. The early access approach is a common way to obtain funding for indie games and may also be used along other funding mechanisms including crowdfunding."
76561198061625086,Recommended,418030,29160849,Posted: 10 January,all,Chr0nos,"***Edit***Just letting everyone know that this game is still being VERY actively developed as of July 2017.******************************************************************************************************If you are a fan of survival games, you will enjoy this. Its not for the faint of heart though. It is quite hard to find food and keep yourself fed. The animals are relentless and the nights cold.However, if you dont like being spoon fed content and instructions...then this is for you.The dev is amazing and really listens to his players. New updates coming out all the time.Seriolusly give this a go and support the dev so he can continue to work on it. Its already good, but it could be fantastic.If you want to get a feel for it...Check out my Let's Play here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nyVMw8WQhWk&t=55s"
,Recommended,418030,26268081,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Gforce.get();,"A cool game, well balanced, good graphics both on high and low graphic settings - its a realy fun game for those that enjoi survival crafting games."
76561197993232687,Not Recommended,418030,31789630,Posted: 16 May,all,wonderlustking4,"Yes it's addicting, but really boring.  In my opinion it needs more depth to crafting i.e.. farming, more animals ""predators and wild game"".  To get resources you run around the map opening up randomly dropped boxes   really man, come on...I do like the predators level increase if they kill you and the hunters it does make it interesting but to gather enough resources to defend yourself and or survive is a joke.  It's a resource game that was made by someone who hates giving resources.How much trouble would it be to add a few damn apple trees, blueberry bushes exist yes but in 3 days i found 2...  that is a f'ng joke.I said not recommended as of right now (5/16/17), it's improving.and the response from the dev is awesome, I know he is doing this part time and he is listening to the people that play the game to improve it."
76561197972356826,Not Recommended,418030,26446272,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,BAD KARMA,"Good start to the game, nice scenery, simple straightforward crafting system, plenty of challenge and very few bugs for an in-development game.  I've bought games on Steam for years and I continue to support new developers.  No issues with Cold Games, the developer was nice enough to respond to a thread I posted which, show's he cares about his audience.I don't recommend Subsistence though because it's too narrow in focus.  Like the name says it's about subsistence but, it's a game, not the real thing and it shouldn't be only one person's view of the experience.  The game lacks the ability to customize any aspect of the environment which, makes it rigid and unforgiving.  If that's all you're after, well good on you, I'm sure you'll enjoy the challenge and you can stop reading my review now.While I can buy in to the notion of being alone in the woods and struggling to survive, it's just too much work to stay breathing and unfortunately, this becomes very monotonous very vast.  Between the very scant key resources needed to stay alive/healthy and unrealistic animal behaviours which, keeps instantly-agressive bears and wolves more in a battle formation every 100 feet or so rather than free roaming and avoiding humans unless cornered, the struggle to survive is just too over-emphasized.In my last playthrough, I got to the point of having every base item built and a reasonable backup of supplies but, what really wore me down was the constant pattern of waiting for sunrise, gather for most of the day then, running the gauntlet of bears, wolves and hunters back to base.  Being killed means everything you've spent the last 20 minutes gathering falls to the ground, you respawn at your base (if you have purchased a respawn there using base power each time) or in a random location with only your familiarity of the landscape to guide you back to where you lost it all.  There's no map and the recovery timer to collect your things is brief to say the least.Hopefully, as the game matures, the developer will gain some understanding from the community about the content.  There are many discussion threads with players stating that, they feel there's too much risk vs. reward to make gameplay sustainable.  Not everyone wants a full-on every-step-may-be-your-last experience."
,Not Recommended,418030,26501976,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,RelentlessRevenge,"If you have The Forest or Rust, I would honestly just stick with those and maybe keep an eye on this,The only thing that intruiged me was the AI base building, and I will say the base building in general has clean texture,The Idea of power and Mass is different but at times annoying,But overall this game needs A LOT of work, Yes I know its in alpha, but there is just too much basic things missing that most survival games out there have, Like a Bow, you start with a pistol which does little damage considering it takes 2 SHOTS to kill a RABBIT! The Wolves and Bears will eat that♥♥♥♥♥♥like candy, and the AI humans not only take bullets like the T-100 off the Terminator but for some reason they are marathon runners and WILL catch up to you and Shoot and hit everytime. I eventually was able to kill the ""Hunters"" and ""Raid"" their base, which really was not worth wasting the ammo on, just for them to respawn basically back at it, there is literally very little reward in killing and raiding the hunters, honestly their is little reward in anything you do in this game but HUGE consequences when you die, and you will die....EVERYTHING IS OUT TO KILL YOU! I was especially triggered when the human AI at some point formed a alliance with the lethal forest animals and basically double teamed me....like WTF, you will literally see wolves and bears walk next to Human AI as if they own em, and when you die.....you spawn with a axe and the upmost ♥♥♥♥♥iest ""glow stick"" to ""Light"" your path and thats it....meaning...you must evade everything and VERY SLOWLY make your guns and whatever else you lost again....Bottom line I can't recommend this game, Rust and The Forest should be your go too's cause other then base building this game does not offer much at this time, Do put it on your wishlist maybe and keep a eye on it but other then that until the AI gets nerfed and the Animals attack the humans like they do you this game is just full of frusteration."
76561197999466412,Recommended,418030,26306496,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,FLESHLIGHT-PRO,"Ok, here we go. I do NOT write many reviews but for this game I had to! I love the concept and design, having power, using fuel and scavenging the world for resources. I love the look of this game and feel. One DEV? Wow! I give you a round of applause for being consistent in your work and getting this far alone! However there are some cons. I will post both pros and cons below and go into further detail.CONS:-Lacks buildable content (Understandable due to its early state)-Guns function like crap, (no aiming cross or any kind of guide to help shots)-Bears and wolves overwhelm the map.-Animals chill in clicks and do not fight each other-AI is OP and does not seem well balanced-animal hit points are ridiculous. (no bonus for head shots)-Hit points on the bases are to weakPROS-Beautiful Game-Great Dev-Fun and addicting-crafting system is A+-love the click and snap for building-overall game is really good-no PVP or ZombiesBugs:-Sometimes I loose inventory after I save and open the game again-crashing constantly maybe every hr to 2 hrs with an error-vanishing loot from bagIdeas:-add one chicken or rabbit with the animal house (kind of a start up thing)-add aiming cross-window shutters or glass-air drops-pet or tame ability (dog kennel to help you on your runs)-trade option and faction reputation with other hunters with the option to raid (neutral, friendly, enemy)-water collection device or trap (can use power)-animal traps for bears and wolves) (Bait with killed animals)-bow and arrow-stealth kills on hunters-hunters sleep at night (must wear gear to keep warm in night raids)-paper map to mark discovered areasI know that each change in the game is time demanding and cost many hours or days or even weeks of work. I just would love to see these included in the future. Dev I think you’re doing a great job! I almost refunded this game due to no tutorial and found it annoying but I am glad I decided to stick with it and keep playing. It could use a basic tutorial or guide book for first time players looking for fibers and such,Over all this game has been a blast I still play it and look forward to future updates and new content!"
76561198144063416,Recommended,418030,29065452,Posted: 6 January,all,toyotaco06,"Get this game while it is still cheap, because at the rate of the Devs updates, it is going to be worth a lot more than 15$It is very clear that the Dev is paying attention to the feedback that he is receiving on his game.  His last updates have touched on issues that I think a lot of people were having frustrations with.  Basically everything that was initially forced upon you when the game began is now an option for you.  Don't like hunters somehow starting off in the woods with full clothes and an obvious advantage over you? Then turn them off all together.  I havn't put the huge hours into this game as some others have. But I have put in enough, recently, to be able to tell you that this is an incredible game that you can drift hours off into.  The ONLY complaint I have and I am sure that it will be changed in the future is the size of the map, and the lack of various terrain and conditions."
,Recommended,418030,29115156,Posted: 8 January,all,leebois2,amzing game best ive played so far would love more biulding init got all my mates into it as well would like rivers and more mining love the game always looking forword to new updates wouls love online just with mates keep up the work best so far on steam
76561198035236070,Recommended,418030,26618796,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,TheUnruhEffect,Fun survival game for anyone looking for a PVE gameRegular updates keep the game fresh and enjoyable especailly as he takes advice from the communityWorth the Price
,Recommended,418030,29128620,Posted: 8 January,all,drewski8484,"This has been my first dive into survival games, and so far I enjoy it. I didn't wanted to battle zombies and monsters so I landed on this game. Getting past the initial setup was tricky but now I can play rather casually without dying at least once per day cycle. From there it has been a constant ""build and improve"" around the base, with frequent adventures to resupply and hunt.The biggest plus to the game is an active developer who is constantly communicated and improving the game. I'm always excited for the new changes and look forward to how the game takes shape over the next months."
76561198055047295,Recommended,418030,33408323,Posted: 9 July,all,Mandarini,"Beautiful game! Runs great, very smooth!  Love it!Good amount of animals and goodies!!I can't wait until more is added to the game! Keep up the good work!! :)"
,Recommended,418030,29155614,Posted: 9 January,all,JokersWild,"This is an Early Access review.So, I have been playing this for a little bit and am finally getting someplace with it.  The last patch or so made things a bit easier as well.  From what I have heard, this is made by a single person in their free time but has been progressing pretty well (faster than some full teams).  I would keep in mind, downside of single person handling things is there might be delays as real life comes first.With that said, the graphics are not too bad and controls seem to be pretty fluid.  Not sure what engine is used (or if is using their own) which in my opinion is the biggest set-back/whatever as options seems to be llimited in what can be done map wise (trees can not be removed or terrain altered).  Otherwise, he has done well with the crafting system and mechanics.So far, it is a fun little sandbox game with a few things to do, but no real goals it seems.  Can build up a house and become self-sustaining and such.  Do some hunting and stock up on resources.  I just completed my house, which is pretty large, so will probably wait until some more content is released before I do more...but so far I think it is worth it.  Very few butgs/glitches so far and the ones I have found are pretty minor.  Either way, for the price you certainly can not complain (unless you are real cheap and just like to whine and cry)."
76561198035305338,Recommended,418030,31786962,Posted: 16 May,all,JoshSA,"Alright I started playing this game and in the first hour I had died 5 times and didn't even start building my base. This game is unforgiving in the beginning. I suggest reading a few guides before starting the game. On my sixth try I approached the game differently from before. I took  the approach of real life survival and was way more careful while running arround. I made finding supply crates a priority and building a base a secondary task. The first night came and I had just barely built a fire. As the sun went down I stood by my fire and kept placing one or two logs on it. I snacked on a protein bar and ate a few berries. This is survival at its finest. Subsistence forces the player to think along the lines of surviving each day one at a time. You can't just run around building your beautiful 3 story mansion on day one like I do in Minecraft. You have to get your priorities right and focus on just surviving. I guess that's where a lot of the pros and cons of the game lie.ProsLife or death survival at it's finestHardcore and unforgivingGraphicsRewarding game mechanicsBase buildingLot's of different items and resources alreadyConsSurvival is too centered around finding supply cratesPredators/animals could use more AI (sleeping, balancing, patrolling, nests, ect...)Protein doesn't seem to be balanced right. A man doesn't need to eat 3 entire chickens a day unless he's bulking...Learning curveYou see, most of the cons are just balancing and fine tuning. Maybe adding a tutorial or some sort of quest system that teaches the newbie player what goals to attain first. If I wrote this review after playing for an hour, I would have not recommended it! But now that I've learned the game's quirks I would recommend this game to anyone who is willing to grind a bit and dedicate time to doing what happens *automatically* in other games. If you want a quick fix type of survival that makes you feel like you got your money's worth in an hour of playtime, this is not the game for you."
,Recommended,418030,26521532,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,JotaFPR,"Really good game, worth the money. Can't wait for the multiplayer to release"
76561198077852271,Recommended,418030,26539463,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,PaulytheAxe,Absoultely a great game here! Having a ton of fun! Excellent job all around including keeping the community in the loop! Good for you! Thank you for this game!
76561198053874012,Recommended,418030,26483391,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,MysticNightmare,"Loving the game, it's a true survival game in difficulty and progression. I'll be honest it's fairly challenging when you first start out and you're trying to survive. At the same time progression rewards seem to outweigh the struggle to survive. I've started a let's play on my YouTube channel and it's also got a great response from the public as well. Seems to be the next big survival game."
76561198014700348,Recommended,418030,34202253,Posted: 12 August,all,chill,"I recently came across Subsistence a couple weeks ago, since then ive sunk around 40 hours into this game, this is by far the best single-player survival crafting game ive played, the animals provide a decent challenge, the AI hunters can be a pain, and the constant exploration for food, water, building materials provides a decent amount of gameplay. As a passion project of one guy this is really a great game and i look forward to the many patches he has in store for it."
76561198055475146,Recommended,418030,28504135,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,j.polzin,"This game is Awesome!First of all only 1 guy is the developer and he is doing an awesome job!  He is updating a lot and obviously enjoys working on this game! That's a big plus for me wanting to play it! From crafting to running away from bears and wolves, to harvesting tomatoes and cotton, it has the ability to keep you engrossed in just trying to stay alive.Likes: Looks great, crafting is easy and fun, You never truly feel safe as there is always an air of urgency about completing everything you are working on quickly. Even getting from point A to point B can have you worried!You become very aware of your environment and learn how to read the lay of the land quickly.Building is easy and fun with lots of cool options (solar panels, water resevoirs, work benches and much much more)Difficulties to be Aware of: Bears and wolves are stupid strong and will kick your♥♥♥♥♥all over the place a lot. That said you learn to live with them and can build firearms and munitions to destroy them. Good luck on that!When you die at the time of writing this you have only a few minutes to get back to your body to get your stuff back. This urgency is both sometimes fun and sometimes a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ Once you die enough you will eventually get the lay of the land and know where you are but at first it will seem a bit overwhelming... just saying expect it then live through it!Tips and Hints: Fire is important early on as weather can impact you heavily. Make sure you have lots of wood. When you scavenge for supplies run them back to your base frequently to drop off / stockpile As YOU WILL die quite often having large stashes of stuff on you = very bad idea if you cant get back to your body in time.Night time is extremely dangerous as vision is severly limited. (Still fun running around though... if your a maniac) Be wary of your environment, bears and wolves will growl when you are close, too close they attack, so learn to listen to your environment then react accordingly. Failure to do this results in your immediate death. While running about be cautious when cresting hills or anythig where vision is limited. I can't tell you how many times I ran up over a  hill right into a bear. Don't do it, really take in your surroundings, take your time moving around, you will live longer!Crates randomly drop all over the place assiting you in your mission to live longer here is some useful information,Green duffel bag looking drops with a + sign usually have food, sometimes some nails. These will sustain you so always keep an eye out for themBlue duffel bag is for ammo supplies and sometimes nails for buildingWooden Crate has building supplies of all sorts in itSPECIAL GREEN CRATE: this crate is different size then all the rest. You need a special key to open it where you do not for the others. It has mega loot in it of all sorts of useful items. I wont tell you how to make the key that you will have to figure out yourself like I did!When mining quite often you have to crouch to be successful in accessing your mining node, remember that!Shift + W key  lets you run, You and the shift w key will become very close friendsALL IN ALL this game kicks some serious butt and should be played by way more people! If you like a game where you actually have to use your brains, do some crafting, adventure, and really just try to stay alive then this is a game I thouroughly recommend for you to try.DO NOT BE FOOLED by the false sense of security you may think you have. You will log in and it will look peaceful, the sun will be out and you may not even see a bear or wolf. As you wander around aimlessly looking for supplies or chopping wood from trees you will think ""mmmm the sun is warm, life is good, that chicken looks tasty,"" but within a mere instant your life could be on the line. ALWAYS be ALERT (for the love of all things you hold dear)  and your chances of living will be tenfold! Oh and of course enjoy playing the game, while you are freaking out about running out of daylight!  Keep your cursing to a minimum when you die and you will curse, just get your head back in the game and keep given er!!!Sitting on the fence trying to decide if this is the game for you? All I can say is hop off of the fence, purchase the damn (fantasticly wonderful, and make you scream at the same time... in a good way) game and enjoy something that doesn't come out to often. A real bonifide solid game that fires up on all cylinders! That's my two bits for now, Cheers!"
76561198021009120,Recommended,418030,29638196,Posted: 1 February,all,manbearpig36,"Fun game. Nice graphics, fun building and crafting, can be challenging"
,Recommended,418030,30339102,Posted: 5 March,all,neal121,"I love this game! It is rather tough at first to survive but the game is perfect in terms of simplicity to being complex in crafting. Its not annoyingly filled with useless things nobody needs to craft either! It isn't over populated with creatures that are out to do-horrible-things to your dead body either.Start with an axe, 9mm, glow stick (along with few nutrition and health things) ... try to get the materials to build a house but probably end up with a campfire in the darkness with wolves howling nearby.The hunter AI is also unique in survival as well - adds a small twist to things.Overall, I am very pleased with this purchase! I had also purchased Conan and I have played this way more than Conan just because its more enjoyable than the nonsense filling Conan.It does not have multiplayer right now but that makes things a little more peaceful as well. I would hope in the future they increase the map size before adding in MP. I would be interested in seeing some players vs AI Hunters."
,Recommended,418030,33904591,Posted: 30 July,all,MacKa,"I LOVE Subsistence and all the challenges you face as a survivor! it's like the perfect lumberjack/running simulator ;P but in all seriousness this game has such beauty in not just the mechanics but the gameplay as well. Once you understand these mechanics it becomes a game of appreciation. Satisfaction from earning your loot and starting to craft, surviving from the animals and hunters feels well balanced as well as the need for proteins unless you are new to the game, it can take a save or two to get used to everything as it did for me but once you get the feel for how to actually play Subsistence... building a base becomes a sense of achievement.It just needs that little touch of....... mutltiplayer ;PI'm not the only one that is looking forward to building bases with or against their friends! ;POther than that everything is so perfect atm and this dev really knows what he wants and is listening to the community. This one man developer has put all this hard effort into such a magnificent piece all by himself.I'd like to say thank you from me and many other kind-of satisfied customers who are still waiting on multiplayer ;P <3"
,Recommended,418030,26271038,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Jarmenkell,"what? its Nice...anyone know a wiki for this? i have mayn questions but i cant find a website that can help. i saw a bed in one of the screenshots, but there is no bed in my crafting menu, nor a level up sysetm that i can see."
,Not Recommended,418030,30065131,Posted: 20 February,all,Captnrex,"I will start this by saying the game does have potential.I enjoy survival games, but when I am spending 80% looking for annoying loot boxes (which different boxes have different loot tables)/gathering, 10% sitting at my home at night, and 10% ""fighting"" things (which if you enjoy not having much of a chance against animals for a long while without guns and ammo, see 80% of time looting the boxes, have fun here) I can't pretend to enjoy it.Maybe someday it wont be as bad, but for now I am gonna pass playing itin short tedious gameplay with little reward. (boring not hard)"
76561197962656481,Recommended,418030,28318737,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Turk182,"A single dev effort it's in remarkable shape for an alpha, very playable and fun. Minor bugs so far but a great solid base to build on. If you enjoy survival games you should enjoy it.Pros - Not made by Garry Newman :PGood graphics and sound.Nice build interface integrated with inventory - well implemented.A one team effort, send this guy your $15 and encourage his efforts, great job dude!Cons - Early alpha expect some bugs"
,Not Recommended,418030,26406027,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,rgroy,"Currently I'm not recommending this game anymore. Was a really good promising game as an early access, raw survival, tremendously hard, a real challenge, but right now, since the last month the developer has began to stop getting a future for the game and has been taking care just only in making it harder and harder in an unballanced way just the resources, the lots, the crafting, the hit points, the damage points, so it seems like if the dev would be thinking... ""Hey guys, I don't know where to go with this game, I will try to gain time meanwhile making your life as a gamer boring, frustrating, and harder and harder.One month ago you could get five tomatoes with one tomato seed, with two tomatoes you could feed three chickens for more than one day. Currently you get just two tomatoes and this just only can feed three chickens for 30% than before.You will be spending hours and hours of your life playing this game seeing how somebody changes the play rules in the midle of the match, you will feel anoyed, (I love to play games in max difficult) when you realize that you invest two or three days in game time for crafting a machine that suddenly will work at 40% and won't give you more than 60% of the resources you were looking for before.I must edit this review. I got bored about developer changes mades for unballancing the game to the side of the imposible to play (more boring than a challenge) instead of surprising as with better and new improvements.Bellow, my previous positive coments: I could say that this is one of the best survival games I've ever played but I have to add that this is one of the most top early access games I've ever played. Guys this is raw survival, amazing, pure, extremelly realistic, absolutely addictive. Congrats for the developper keep up the good job! I'm just enjoying and gameplaying for spanish people at my youtube channel, look for richardgroy if you want to take a look, I just discovered the game rules playing without any guide or watching another videos so take my invite as enrolling with the fun of playing up subsistence. I reccomend you buy this game absolutelty."
,Recommended,418030,26446807,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Ghost,"Only 10 hours in, and I am enjoying this game thoroughly.Highly recommend this independent survival game. Active developer, with a strong passion for making this game great, listening to all whom play and test this game to ensure it has a place in your Steam library."
76561198323270948,Recommended,418030,26481264,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,sjamesrobinsonii,"I like the idea of the game, especially having enemy AI that build their own bases, but man is it hard to get started! I feel like I can't turn a corner without running into a wolf or a bear. I wouldn't even mind if they were tougher or saw me farther away as long as I just run into less of them.And, obviously, fiber. You can make cordage out of a lot of different types of bushes, so maybe incorporate more ways to make it?I'm pumped about this game, and I like where it's going!"
76561198055423683,Recommended,418030,26604789,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Tip,"Im a veteran of the survival genre so this review should be taken as from that point of view. I LOVE THIS GAME! It is pretty much darksouls type learning curve and it does not give a damn lol , overall though it is a great game and cant wait to see what the future holds for it."
76561197971831088,Recommended,418030,31901587,Posted: 22 May,all,Faust,"I recently put some time in on the game, about 25 hours or so. Very enjoyable. It just pulls you in, and you are grinding without really feeling like you are grinding. Everything gets used, you have a good ramp up from beginning to middle to end game.What really is cool about the game is the map and the terrain. It's very realistic and works to really give you a sense of surprise. You come around a rock or crest and hill only to wind up face to face with a bear or a wolf.The hunters have insane AI. They run, zig zag if you are shooting, slide into a kneel to shoot back at you, and they use cover and concealment.There is always something you can be doing. Unlike other games of this genre, rarely are you sitting there waiting for something to cook off or craft.It doesn't hold your hand, you will have to figure out what methods work best for you and learn along the way.If you like survival games, you will like this one. Well worth the price at $14."
76561198280791132,Recommended,418030,28884853,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,brittanym101,Good game and I look forward to what is to become of this game. My only complaint as of right now is that it needs more plant fibers. You need so many to build a base and I always get stuck in the dark before I'm able to actually even start a base.
76561198277504213,Recommended,418030,29433614,Posted: 22 January,all,Vanilla Muffin Top,"The game is great, I love it.But it would be great if there were more weapons and wildlife.Other than that. I recommend this game."
,Recommended,418030,31891796,Posted: 21 May,all,dragonraid,"I enjoy the survival genre, but I was rather bored with many of the titles after the initial challenge wore off.  Fun at first, but then either just a grindfest or me playing a target in PVP.  What I desired was a PVE, with multiple options for challenge, and AI enemies that were not of the undead variety.  Then I saw ""Subsistence"".Skimming through the offerings of this title I saw that it pretty much seemed made-to-order for my wishlist.  I bought it after seeing it was actively supported and watching a few of the ""Let's Play"" videos.I have only put 50 hours in, but I have tested out all the options.  I am thoroughly impressed.  The creator is attentive to the players, supportive of the game, and it just keeps taking intuitive leaps forward.Overall, very balanced.  Play easy, normal, or hardcore skill modes.  Play with AI hunters or not.  Challenging wildlife to avoid or hunt.  Upgrades to weapons and farming capabilities. Great, flexible base building with excellent options and graphics.   I don't have a high-end machine, but I have absolutely no problem running this game.I look forward to where this game is heading and to continue to experience a beautiful, immersive time playing.  Worth every penny and minute."
76561198097752466,Recommended,418030,31909798,Posted: 22 May,all,Ironcoast,Love it! My new favorite game. Even at alpha stage there is plenty to keep you busy for awhile. Look forward to the future with this game. Excellent job ColdGames!
76561198179014993,Recommended,418030,28924875,Posted: 1 January,all,Throne420,Really good game hope to see this one finsh
,Recommended,418030,29011960,Posted: 4 January,all,Grey Wolf,"Wildlife overpowered, but very accurate survival game."
76561198335096601,Recommended,418030,30364144,Posted: 6 March,all,dylan_palmer17,"love this game to death very sweet game and i keep coming back for more. in the begining it took some time but im 43 days in on the game and total 15 deaths, but im finely ready to turn on the hunters and start the next challange of the game... its a rinse and repeat game but i love it have a everything built but still not done with the game. still have to go out and find bullets there always a shortage of them but wen u find them its like heaven.. thought id give my review of it, id buy it again if i had too..."
,Recommended,418030,31110008,Posted: 12 April,all,Tachyon,"While the game is still super new, definitely alpha, I am enjoying it so far.Great premiseBeautiful locationSuperior building systemInteresting mob leveling systemConfigurable worldOnly thing it's lacking is multiplayer. Will update this review after multiplayer component is enabled."
76561198123345558,Recommended,418030,34052432,Posted: 5 August,all,King Lavernius,Honestly this game is a lot of fun.  It definitely is hard but that's what I like.  I would like to see fishing maybe added to the game as well as new maps. Obviously it is only one person working on this in their spare time so I don't expect a lot to change quickly.  But I love this game and I hope to see multiplayer out soon.
76561198342033196,Recommended,418030,29059626,Posted: 6 January,all,pusicatus,"almost 200 hours in the game and i can say it is one of the best games i've play in years. i know, it is EA, has it's bugs and glitches, nothing is perfect, but i am sure it will be perfect when it will be finished. after so long single player, wich is very enjoyable i can't stop dreaming about CO-OP, the potential of the game is huge. Dev strikes me as a ""mad"" man, in a good way, working alone on a project like this must be mad or pasionate, i believe is the second. all things been said i must close with : good job ColdGames, keep up the good work, me and thousands of other players are suporting you."
76561198083790493,Recommended,418030,29917300,Posted: 14 February,all,fillemfullead,A fun game with some interesting twists-very nice environment with good solid survival and strategic points to learn and addapt to .i find the game enjoyable through all difficulty levels -solid movment and weapon controll and good transition through all functions hav made for great fun-continued development will only improve this great creation -i have high hopes for this game into the next level of development and look forward to continued fun into the future.A+ from me
76561198027292901,Recommended,418030,26461799,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Sabbath,I have played a lot of survival games and this is by far one of the best. Its got a learning curve when you first start but after you learn the map  dying is not a big issue. Just dont die rigth before night or kiss your stuff goodbye. Very well designed and cant wait for this one man to get more content added. Its very well playable like it is and I cant seem to stop. I have not written a lot of reviews but this game deserved it.
76561198148416625,Recommended,418030,35404803,Posted: 1 October,all,nm4480,Love this game so far! Great potential... usually updates once a month or so. Looking forward to to more updates. It's a investment and looks like it will pay off!
,Recommended,418030,26451529,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,some1dy,"1st review I have ever wrote.I play alot of survival games.-Bought Game-Download-Spawn with axe, 9mm pistol, Light stick-Go to chop down tree-Wolf Growls-Continue to chop tree-Wolf attack-DieRespawn-Start to explore-I see a bear standing on his back two legs-I was like OOOOHH a BEAR!!!-Bear attacks-DieRespawn-I die I do not know how many times.-Find crates-start to build-Die some more-build generator-look out window at night, see a fire-deside to visit the campfire-A guy in camo walks toward me-shoots and kills me-I dieRespawnI have never died so many times in a survival game and I still enjoy this game. I usually get tired of the game really quick. It is only single player right now. Multiplayer in future. For one man developing, this game is one of the BEST survival games ever made. When you finally get the hang of it, after dying 20 or so times. It gets harder. This game is so freaking hard. Nothing comes easy in this game. NOTHING. When you build a wall, you actually feel like you have achieved glory. The hunter is NO JOKE. He learns what you do, where you go, how long you will be gone. The AI is smart in this particular game. If you kill him really easy, or too many times. He will bring a friend. He also builds a cabin also.I would die again and again anda again. I love this game 10/10"
76561198072872809,Recommended,418030,26729904,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Mannukka,"Challenging and fun survival game with creative building system and great atmospheric feel.Was worth every coin i paid for it, but there is still much work to make it more awesome :)"
76561198255160117,Recommended,418030,29431415,Posted: 22 January,all,Cassie,"Okay I took your advice and tried playing it again, the game is going to be amazing, my issues are this.1. I die and i have 5/min to find my body..umm the problem with that is the 100 secs we have to wait to know where the base is, then if you’re lucky and spawn close to your base for me my body/crate wasn't there.2. 7 bullets to kill a lvl 1 wolf a bit much3. Water. Really? you must search for creates and this is before the base is up to even start killing hunters to get water.4. Saves suck, you have the option of restarting or load last save. Well even though my game says its saving when I hit R I go back to the noob start with nothing in my bags.My vote has changed gave it some time and figured out ways of surviving although the glitches or balance needs to be fixed this game is okay so far, havent had hunters yetPlus side..You have 3rd person yay for that I like switching between 1st and 3rd.You have only male characters I have down voted games for gender locks, but something about this game makes that irrelevent. I do want to say this game is going to be really good if you continue to address all the issues ppl post."
76561198153582575,Recommended,418030,26720986,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Trappist-1f,"Already a fun, hard and great game. Still with huge potential."
76561198062896480,Recommended,418030,30536169,Posted: 15 March,all,Resa Dayler,"Started playing this game after watching a youtuber, I have to say I'm impressed so far. There are still a lot of things that need to be worked on to keep you coming back to this game but I can honestly say that so far the updates from the developer have been consistent. It's amazing how far this game has come with just one person doing all the work.I'm definately looking forward to seeing what the future holds for this game. Each update makes the game that much more challenging."
,Recommended,418030,26625953,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,No Kit No Kat,"Insane game has heaps of potential, Just needs multiplayer activated and it will be a top tier gamethats how the popularity of this game will expand and grow."
76561198127084300,Recommended,418030,35093630,Posted: 20 September,all,Scumbag,"So my four hours of playing...it's a challenging survival game that has unique style.it's going to need a lot of nerfing and balancing, it's kinda grindy.Overall i would wait for multiplayer to come out to buy."
76561198041671894,Recommended,418030,35056003,Posted: 18 September,all,Spanky,The game is a pretty hardcore survival game as in being left in a empty field/woods with nothing and you have to figure out how to survive. I found it to be really fun but it is also really hard. You will die alot till you figure out the game. After i figured out the game i never died. Dying alot meaning 20+ time in an hour or 2 and you lose everything you gain when you die unless you can get lucky enough to find you dead body within 5 minutes. Has alot of build features and for me is def worth the $14.00.
76561197968997668,Recommended,418030,26354012,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Solid Blue,"As far as first impressions go i am very pleased (3 hrs in)After (6 hrs in) of play i know this is a game a will put a good amount of hrs into , but there is some balancing work needed ofc , the Dev is working on this along with stability as said in the patch notesAfter (40 hrs in) i am still enjoying the game , there has been a crash a cupple of times but it is very stable for a EA , and i look forward to seeing how the game progressesI have been seeing some odd negative reviews regarding lack of a map also too many animals and similar things , this game is what EA was made for ,  imo this game is in just the right state to go EA , the core of gameplay is there and many enjoy it , however if your wanting some pvp grief multiplayer then this is not the game for you , this is pure survival pveAlso i would like to thank the Dev for keeping us up to date on issues he is taking care of , and to the rest of you , happy gaming"
76561198024488336,Recommended,418030,33810206,Posted: 26 July,all,RoamingSheep,"Have only been playing for a couple of days, but it is awesome. This is the kind of game that i have been looking for!! Survival, Crafting, Building, bears and wolves!!! :)Cant wait to see how this gets developed in the future. It has defiantly been added to my top 10 games that i play frequently.Keep up the work Dev, its great :)"
76561198409219772,Recommended,418030,34109130,Posted: 8 August,all,BMos77,"Very good game considering it is still in early acces and under development.From my understanding the developer really considers the feedback given by the players and is constantly improving the game.Survival in an open world with wild animals and optionally hunters. This game allows you to build up from scratch starting off with only a pair of pants, an axe, a pistol with a few rounds and a lightstick. From there you have to hunt and gather edibles as well as choppingvwood for fire and building.Currently there are also crates with various items to be looted but these will eventually be phased out from my understanding.Really enjoying this at the moment and can't wait to see where it goes from here.If you enjoy survival style games that include gathering and crafting but without the monsters/zombies then I suggest giving subsistence a try, you will not be disappointed."
,Recommended,418030,30146434,Posted: 24 February,all,Wardred,"I spent 4 hours playing this game and all I can say is, ""WOW""! Good lord man, this a non forgiving game, big time. I've only made it to day 2. I'm trying to a do video series on my YouTube channel and if nothing else it'll be good for a laugh as I get eaten over and over.Now, with that out of the way, here are my views of the game thus far.It is a beautiful enviroment and the night sky is amazing. For a grindy crafting game, the dangerous animals thay lurk about, turns what would normally be a gather mats, go home, build somthing game. Into an adventure with death lurking behind every bush, tree and rock. It almost makes you feel like you're playing a horror game. Now that is SURVIVAL! It makes gathering mats exciting and I am finding that even thoug I die, I am enjoying the game play.The animal A.I. is very well done. When you shoot a wolf or bear, they will run towards you in a zig zag patteren till they reach you. If you are lucky they will not reach you, if they do, death will come swiftly. Myself, I don't attack unless I have an armored tank, which is not in the game. Therfore, I hide, run or just avoid them.It does allow you to switch from first person to third person. But I have not been able to chop wood or pretty much do anything in third person. Don't know if that is ment to force you to play in first person or not. You do have a wider field of view in third person than first. Since third person is in game, I would like to see it as a playable option. While it's a minor issue, I feel it should either function or be removed.Overall; Considering this is a early access, indie game being created by one person as a passion project. I am impressed overall. I do hope this continues to be worked on and fully devoloped in a complete and finished game. I highly recommend this game for someone who is interested in survival with a challenge.Conclusion: Buy it now, play it now, support the developer and lets see this game finished.NOTE:   I was not paid, nor was I given a free steam key to this game. I paid the full price for this game.EDIT 5/19/17: I do live streams every Tuesday and Thursday from 7am - 5pm CST (-6GMT) I stream to both YouTube and Twitch. Links below.YouTube:https://www.youtube.com/user/Wardred101Twitch:https://www.twitch.tv/wardred101"
76561198353434431,Recommended,418030,30237299,Posted: 28 February,all,Logan,"the game is going to be awesome when it's done thats for sure . but for me there are a few things that make me not want to keep playing and i'll give my thoughts on that statement now.1st things 1st  when i cut a tree to get wood , i think the tree should give more then 4 planks and i shouldn't have to pick them up etc. i mean it's bad enough theres a bear or a wolf  at every corner of the game . ( more on that in a few )make it to where you cut a tree the wood goes into your bag  and the tree is gone .2nd : i played in all modes and wasn't to happy about (easy mode ) . it's honestly not easy as soon as you spawn in your greated by a bear with 9 bullets to ""try "" and kill it but you will die cause the bear is way to  op ( level 4 bears on easy ? come on .i've also noticed that jumping is kinda blah , needs to be better . running is slow , and walking just feels like lag .also  whats up with that fence ? i paid 13.99 to be walled off from an ""open world game"" ? um okall in all its fun . hard to find items , you will die as soon as you find a item box (sack ) due to the bears and wolfs . ( too many spawned in imo.also don't like that most things too be crafted require items that you can't find . like a campfire . i like the idea but really ? i add wood and then i need to ignite it but can't make matches . smh and the fire starter kit is kind lame ( items needed to make said kit that is ).love the look of the world , has a horror game type feel , scary at night .deff needs more time etc before it costs 13.99 imo  i recommend  dropping the price to 6.99 untill its finished .honest opinion though , i think it's on the right track to something great and would love to see it when all done , however if your goal was to beat rust i'm sorry but you have tons of work to do .i suggest to who ever reads this to honestly save your money , keep watch on this game , follow any and all videos on this games development  until its done . don't spend 13.99 on it , it's not really worth that at this time .great potentional , but not right now .i'm only recommending this game as something to keep an eye on . it's got something great going just not right now ."
76561198397151566,Recommended,418030,34766367,Posted: 5 September,all,kevbubbalawrie,"So far after nearly 7 hours of playing I'm very impressed with this game, running on highest settings it's very pretty and very well made and to think it's made by only one person makes it even more impressive, regular updates so far and plenty of interaction by the dev.It is a hard game to get to grips with a steep learning curve but once you get the hang of it it's actually very intuitive, it's a survival game for those who really do love the genre.So, do i recommend this game? Hell yes."
76561198247300192,Recommended,418030,28361558,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,9-ElitrishYt-9,"Amazing game with amazing graphics, multiplayer hasnt released yet but the single player is total fun! Only 15eur so worth to buy!!!!  :))"
76561198018330802,Recommended,418030,26234679,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,MastaH,"Game is really fun, cant wait for more content.  Graphics looks great and runs smoothly.  I've played 7 days to Die since it looked like mine craft and for this to release looking this good, well its very impressive."
,Recommended,418030,26231449,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,2ndClassElitist,"Brutal but fun survial gaming.Subsistence is some serious hardcore survival. Tracking hunger, protein, hydration and fruits/vegs is in depth without being complex. The AIs are tactical and challenging. You will freeze at night if you're not prepared. Scavenge but avoiding fights when possible, rather than charging in guns blazing. And that's just the early stage.Midstage is base building and defending yourself against AI hunters, using an awesome building system.  Endstage is farming and harvesting, while fending off teams of armed hunter AIs.  This game will challenge you!"
,Recommended,418030,26240868,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Ching RING,"Probably one of the most promising survival games out there now. Note if this dev actually get enough resources to further  the development. I think we might have another sweet survival game. Played it, loved it. Much better than most of the high budget games out there. Building, getting a self sustainable base and hoarding resources is and (in the future) fight of bandits and defending your piece of land. Thats sounds amazing. Very much thumbs up!"
76561198105745463,Not Recommended,418030,33806332,Posted: 26 July,all,Snickers_Hunter,It's a nice idea but a bit boring in my opinion. I found the game to be a bit empty and jut didnt give me much reason to keep playing.
76561198161253744,Recommended,418030,26226806,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Hal Ramersby,I love chopping wood with an axe and respawning so I'm having fun playing this game.
76561198053998288,Recommended,418030,28213628,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Aere Perennius,"I think this game has a lot of potential. I love grindy crafting games i.e., Life is Feudal, 7 days to Die, Project Zomboid, Factorio. It's definitely got some crafting potential. In its current state, there are some balancing issues that can make the game very frustrating at times. Currently, when you die, a tiny crate is spawned at the spot containing your belongings that disappears rather quickly if you don't get back to it right away. Also there is no map. Also, there is no marker for where your crate was, so 90% of the time you lose everything on you because you can't find the crate again in time. Since this is a survival game, you are usually losing your gun and ammo since you need this on you for food and protection. This, in my opinion, is the worst balancing aspect, as crafting a gun and ammo is extremely resource intensive. I am hoping the devs either 1) don't let the crates despawn or 2) place a marker. I don't think both are necessary as I like a bit of a challenge...but to continually lose all of your belongings is very frustrating.Other balancing issues involve food. I love that this game has nutrition implemented. You need protein and fruit/vegetables. You can get a little coop with some chickens or rabbits, but you'll need to continually give them food and water. You can grow food too, but here is the catch--your coop animals constantly need fruit and currently you can only find seeds in randomly generated bags around the world. There aren't enough seeds currently. It's another balancing issue. Grown food does not give you seeds. I understand the game doesn't want to make it too easy. 7 days to die allows you to eventually grow massive amounts of food starting from just one seed. I don't want it that easy...but not getting any seeds from harvesting a plant ever? That's a little too grindy. At least give one seed back for every 3 plants harvested or something. I personally love the farming aspect to crafting games and this one doesn't allow you to do it very much. One planter has 8 slots...I usually find enough seeds to keep 2-3 slots growing something. The rest just lay empty because seeds are so hard to find.The challenge of animals and AI hunters constantly spawning around you is great. I think that balance is fantastic. You really need to watch your step in this world. I only wish there was a little more ammo and I didn't constantly lose my gun. Killing things is fun. Currently, you don't get to kill enough things in this game because it's too resource intensive in its current state. I managed to kill an AI hunter with an axe by sneaking up on him. I killed him in three whacks, he shot me once. We both died. But he died first :D Still....what the heck. Make that axe stronger! 2 axe hits should take down a level 1 wolf at least since pretty much 2 bites from a wolf kills you.For basic resource gathering, I think there are some balance issues with scrap metal. about 15-20 hours into the game I've got a nice stock pile of plant fiber, wood is fairly easy to come by, electronic parts are so-so, but that scrap metal is really holding me back. Probably because I keep dying and losing everything on me (pick axe, gun, ammo, etc.) and it all takes scrap metal. I spend 2 in-game days looking for scrap metal and then usually spend the 3rd in-game day dying and losing the gun I worked so hard to craft.One strategy that is currently very effective is to take the pants you spawn in with, tear them into scraps, store them and run out and kill yourself when you get too hungry. If you repeatedly do this, you'll stock pile cloth, which is also very difficult to gather and you won't lose food or water.Eh, all in all, I would recommend this game, but probably wait until some of these balancing issues are addressed. Dying repeatedly to gain an uncommon resource should never be a sound strategy. It's laughable at best."
76561198083792040,Recommended,418030,26440553,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,The Gender Bender,"I LOVE this game. I'm normally not keen about survival games like this, because they all seem to be quite similar. Subsistence though is a whole new ball game. The animals are challenging, as are the hunters that were recently added. The crafting system is fantastic, if a bit bugged because of the early access(floors disappearing into the ground on hills etc.). The lack of food makes it difficult as well, because you have to fight the animals to get food or die. Overall the game is one of the best gems on steam and coming from a picky gamer, I feel obligated to write a review of recommendation and praise. Because of it being early access, I feel that the game will only get better from here on out and I look forward to seeing what new systems the developer decides to put into the game(hopefully a way to get food and water in more varied ways). Props to you ColdGames and keep up the good work!"
76561198272012957,Recommended,418030,26442719,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,heck,"Love it, so addictive! Bases look very nice, the grind is fine as it is, looooooove it ! 'Simple' and efficient ! Greaaaat survival game. Saw it thanks to GameEdged, not disapointed.Run smoothly for me so far, only one glitch that wasnt even really annoying and has already been reported. The dev seem like a really great person, devoted to it, and it's already a great game as it is! So ty both ColdGames & GameEdged, well worth my money ;)"
76561198065215345,Recommended,418030,26427223,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,betrayedwhisper,"great game, because it is very difficult.  but being difficult is the main thing for me."
,Recommended,418030,28640574,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Jigz,"I have put a few hours in now, I feel I am ready to recommend the game to other people, brutal game but you must keep trying to learn how the game plays and you will find the game gets better and better."
76561198063961067,Recommended,418030,28246860,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,tf2demo,"For the Price... I would definitely recommend this game... It is heartpounding... With aggressive bears and wolves on one hand and hunters on the other...  Hunters will come after you  if you invade their territory... This is no joke....It is real survival  gamers treat..   The crafting system is well designed..   Build a house with electricity for lights,etcin the wilderness.. Hunt pesky bears and wolves for your supper...  Upgrade firearms.....  Raise chickens and rabbits..much much more....."
76561198037148149,Recommended,418030,28673569,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,bunnie grill,"I've read a ton of reviews and watched gameplay before delving into this purchase. And the main complaint seems to be ""it's too hard"".After playing 2 hours, I haven't died a single time and have a decent stockpile and house built. Just stay frosty and be on your toes at all times and you won't have a single problem. If you enjoy figuring out the game yourself without having some system in to completely hold your hand you will enjoy this game. If you think of the word Subsistence, you imagine hunting and doing the bare minimum just to simply survive.This game is that, and I'm loving it so far."
76561198132775087,Recommended,418030,26327644,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,GHOST,"Hi, I just started playing Subsistence yesturday and I'm hooked. Even with it being in alpha, I'm very impressed that this game was done by one person alone and he continues to strive to make things work. I stumbled appon a few videos on youtube, which led me to trying it out and I'm not regretting it at all. Yes, there are some issues, like chopped wood being caught in the tree you are cutting, the small screen of mixing blueberries and water not going away, or the letters and numbers being a bit small to see unless you have a 75 inch tv hooked up,lol. Aside from some things that most likely will be fixed, I'm still loving this game very much. If I were to think of 2 games that this game reminds me of, it would be RUST and DONT STARVE. Which both are very good games in my opinion. I'm hoping some things are added in the future, such as using stars at night to navigate, or a compass during both night/day to find your way home. If you havent made a beacon yet. An aiming dot added to help you pin point where your actually going to hit, despawning trees or changing the look of them to appear empty/hollow.  If a map is added, can we draw on it. Such as, where a hunter is or where the player has a starter base. Anyway, I'm sure a lot will be added over time and so far I'm happy. I stopped playing other games to put as much time I can into this one because it's fun. It is hard but at the same time satisfying, being able to build and not worry about a wipe or being wiped out (until multiplayer comes), and being able to save what I'm doing at any moment and log off. I'm glad this game was made and being perfected. Cheers to the creator and sorry if some things were fixed already that I spoke of.One more thing (sorry), can you add weapon scopes if they are not in the game already please."
76561198302095032,Recommended,418030,28309227,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,APotOfBeans,"You know all the people who are giving bad reviews, they are only doing that because they are probably to bad at survival games,i mean i like this game because its more hardcore and isnt a matter of being able to get everything so quickly then dominating everything.But that is the main reason i like this game because of the fact that its harder than the other survival games.I just love this game i wonder what the next update will be?"
76561198002536744,Recommended,418030,28327288,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Tattman,"Although solar panals are good what we need is a lot loot in the bases to make it worth while to go after getting into them or thr Fort Knox Doors. I let one base go 4-6 days and for sure they would have goodies in there by then  but NOPE, same as a 2-3 day one, no gernades to  loot and not much better loot that was promised. I have used 3-4 gernades per base in the least 3-4 bases and still haen't gotten gernades or alot worth going after taking down the base than before for. I Would rather just kill the AI ,take their loot and head home, and save a whole lot more.       TATTMAN"
76561198060088710,Recommended,418030,29210682,Posted: 12 January,all,RazzleDazzleRootbeer,"Just got the game last night after hearing all the positive reviews.  So far, I'm enjoying it- If you like to play Rust without the crazy PVP or your computer can't run it smoothly (both of my issues),  this is the game to play atm.   keep in mind it's really early access, so I wanted to throw down the cash to help the dev make this a gem- it has a lot of potential.Update:  30 hours in and I'm still really enjoing it.  For everyone who finds it hard to play:  The game becomes really fun once you understand ALL the mechanics of the game; therefore, if you just can't seem to survive, then I recommend playing on  'Easy' mode until life becomes, well... becomes easy.  THEN play on 'normal' mode. The two modes are really not that much different."
,Recommended,418030,31476291,Posted: 30 April,all,Raging Apples,One of the best Survival Games out there
,Recommended,418030,31907200,Posted: 22 May,all,Honkey4Life,This game is actually pretty cool. For only one dev working on this game it has come a long way. its like rust but without the pvp
76561198087748724,Recommended,418030,28086597,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,devaltbk,"As a starter of the game, I didn't look any reviews up or watch play along videos. In my opinion this game is great. Finaly a survivor game without zombies. Now I know that the developer is working on the game and making loads of changes and adding stuff.I think the game lacks direction and achievments. I was clueless on what i was to start doing and how the game opperated. Once you get going then everything falls into place after dieing a couple times. It took awhile to figure things out.I like how the game is structured. The animal reactions and how they stalk after getting too close. Also the building platform which building pieces gotta be added but its a working process. I think it would be cool to have a wooden frence and a stone wall. If the map were to expand and get bigger, maybe add the animation of trees getting chopped down and colecting seeds and wood to grow more trees, well of coarse smaller trees, like apple trees. I also think some sorta mining system would be awesome, able to have cave ins if not supported properly and all that good stuff.Overall for a new game and one developer, i recomend it for people who want to see a good game evolve into an amazing game. I can see this game going alot of good direction."
,Recommended,418030,28768070,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,DJPhased,"I thought I'd give it a try, as I like survival games.It's actually a bit polished compared to some early access games I've been in. It's a bit tough, though, and with minimal tutorial. Getting food is easy, but getthing the right food is a little hard, as obtaining meat is a little tough with the current weapon system.Crafting is fun, and the resources are straightforward. I can see where this would progress into tiers and will get easier too.Overall it's shaping up with potential. My only con is that starting up is pretty hard, especially for rookie survivalists. I Hope to see this game bloom though, as it's very fun to play."
76561198364216171,Recommended,418030,33646795,Posted: 19 July,all,RockyRoad,now i bought this game half a**** thinking it was just an ordinary survival games i was so wrong this game is so unique in its own way if i could rate i would give it 10/10 btw if your looking for an easy game this aint the game for you it so hardcore its actually great keep up the good work
76561197968717626,Recommended,418030,26730259,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Mr Rob,"Subsistence is a welcome addition to the survival/crafting genre. It has the right mix of gameplay ingredients that keep you coming back for more. Considering that it's an early access game, it already has a decent amount of content and some enjoyable and addictive time sinks.The pro'sNice graphics that run well on high settings on my moderate i5 2500k /R9 2900 OCX  16GB DDR3 RAM systemSound is vital to not getting killed in this game. A nice touch that adds to the tensionNice easy to understand UISimple but competent keyboard control schemeBasic but serviceable combat - just right for this type of gameAddictive game mechanics that make you say 'just one more foraging run before bed'  well past the time when you should have quit for the night.A sensible and easy to understand progression route for your character - once you understand the sysnergies and flow of the varous mechanics behind the crafting and resource gathering systems.The consHas a tendancy to crash for no apparent reasonSometimes you spawn right next to a wolf or a bear - ceratin death that is frustrating when it happens"
,Recommended,418030,26753095,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,MakeNoBones,"Ive played the game for about 5.2 hrs.All in all a great alpha so far,little tweets are needing in certian places thing we need more of a crafting system cross bow hunting knives ect.health and food should be one bar think its weird how you have fruit and veg but then have food as in meat food is food lol,gameplay is awsome its lots of fun guna carry on playing after writing this i hope multiplyer is soon and it has private 2 player co-op and some kind of mmo feature that be good i dont know if there is something wrong the fps i have a decent pc and i dont get over 50fsp but it goes down to say 20-30fps? i think the animals have to much health to say with what you start with swap the gun for a bow and arrow make headshots kill in one hit and say 3 sticks makes an arrow and guna are only craftable after you get the work bench. examplerabbit-1 arrow headshot kill2 arrows body killchicken-(same)wolf-1 arrrow headshot kill2-3 arrows body killso on maybe something like that.not exactly like that but you get me its just seems very dont know the word im looking sorryive gone on abit now leave on a high amazing game so far having fun would recommend to any one,whats your thoughts"
76561197967349303,Recommended,418030,28093314,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Hatchling,"OK, It took me some time to understand the game.the particle system you used for sunset and sunrise is outstandingI like how there is next to no navigation system other then a small dot on your screen after you setup base camp.the life blood of the game is that fiber there just isn't enough of it spawning in. <running around looking for fiber and getting blueberries instead. Brilliant, but really annoying as all hell.>the monsters spawn rate seems like it goes up after a few hours of playing i noticed i had to either run or shoot the wolfs and bears at an alarming rate for next to no resources. thank goodness they do not alert other animals into the fray. <this might be something you could work on. if you are malicious in nature.>the wolf and bear seem to have the exact same loot table. <this sucks huge sack and balls. bear should give x2 x3 x4 more then a wolf as it is bigger and harder to kill.>the hunters are good. I like the fact when i died to one of them they gave me the bird and ran off. I do notice that they have no health bar like the bears and wolf do maybe a bug but a fix on this would be great or and understanding why you did not put this in game.i noticed a bug that crash the game. I did not think of screen shooting the error code. but it happened while i was placing items in the environment. i am trying to recreate the crash and get the code posted.going to update more i have to get back to the game."
76561198237282258,Recommended,418030,29226323,Posted: 13 January,all,Jibberish,"I purchased this game do to it not having multiplayer yet , nothing like getting a great game and haveing campers and hackers spoil it , am I right ?? I like the fact this is a survival game and not another zombie survival game . I do love my post appacaliptic survival games (any suggestions) . I got Miscrated mabye i didnt give it a chance played teo hours and had to beg for my money back ,though Steam refused to refund my money is real money they gave me Steam play money .This game was way better that I expected , I love the Hunters and cant wait for this Dev to add more content , Im sure it will be great ,I hope in the futre we will get some kind of base building ,raiding in multiplayer and pvp , mabye kind of like old Star War Galaxies were you can flag yourself or a certain server is pvpve only , but enough of wishes and complaint  GET THIS GAME !!!!!"
,Recommended,418030,28214663,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,LeL,"environment looks very dull, for beginners it might be hard but (its survival, have some balls to play ok) but it is by far the most ""fun"" survival game.edit:-i forgot to tell you when you speak you have that stephen hawking voice over! just press 'y' then type whatever you want"
,Recommended,418030,28406220,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Fieb,"Great game but it´s way too hard for beginners, the only defence you have against wild animals is a 9mm pistol with 1 magazine of ammo. To kill a wolf you need at least a mag. This game would be way more fun if i didn´t keep ragequitting becouse i got gang-banged by a group of wild animals when i wasn't looking and looting someting. Still a great game and a must-have for fans of ganes like Rust and 7 days to die."
76561198132777885,Recommended,418030,28700682,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,IamMasterminD,"I read a lot of negative reviews and wanted to ad my 2 cents...First, ColdGames, a one man army, developed one hell of a great visual and smooth running game.  There are so many games out right now, with 100 of developers and cannot come close to developing the same look and feel this game has.As for those of you that are complaining about the difficulty, well, hell, it's a survival game not a walk in the park.  That what surviving is all about; you live and you learn.From knowing this game is a work in progress and judging it from it's unfinish state, I give ColdGames an A base on the difficulty of the game, the passion you feel and see in the content and for his hustle.  The concept of the game is freaking awesome, especially the fact that its not supernatural creatures you are afraid of but real life animals and elements,Youtube channel-https://youtu.be/lUbkBF4rNKA"
76561198040929343,Recommended,418030,28803388,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,goodgrief42,"So much to say and so little time.  (1st review ever)If you like survival games like Forest or Rust you'll probably like this as much if not more.  No Canibals, just hunters that pretty much leave you alone unless you bump into them or attack them.  And no naked PVP dude knocking down your door, just bears. But just build someplace hard to reach.  Plus the build system is easy and fun to design with.Yes I died a gazillion times before I was able to develope a base strong enough so I can start subsiding.  But that's part of the fun of it.Yes I yelled at the (insert predator) a gazillion times when I lost everything I was carrying.But that's part of the game.  It's not a dark gothic like scare you get from this, but the adrenaline rush you get after being chased half way across the map and make a mad jump onto your base is something you learn to love as much as hate (because you're physicalling exhausted after a few times)Yes there is balancing to be made, additional items needed in the game and some surprises I'm sure but it's EA.  I know I've already got my moneys worth out of this and I'm just now really getting into it.  Once the hunters are balanced and multiplayer is added this game will blow up!So in closing - Ten Thumbs Up!"
76561197979116490,Recommended,418030,29016568,Posted: 4 January,all,TwoTone,"Great fun so far. Mining nodes can be a pain in the butt sometimes. Trying to get the right angle and distance, while a bear is eyeing you up for breakfast lol"
,Recommended,418030,29041570,Posted: 5 January,all,DubWine,"Amazing game. Probably the best game I have ever played and it is only early access! Then add in that the solo dev is probably the best dev ever to grace the industry as he listens to the players' feedback and helps out when players have issues.So far a very promising early access game, I am very much enjoying being a part of the journey of this game as I believe it will only get better and better in the future.Well done ColdGames and keep up the good work."
,Recommended,418030,31423277,Posted: 28 April,all,HardCoreGamer44,"well i got to say this is a good game but i already got a love/hate with this one man i swear the amimals are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s you try to get out and run all over and get supplys to start a base you come on a box bam theres a bear lvl1/2 you try to sneak up to get the box hopeing for nails scrap metal etc and boom the bear is on to you you try to run away bear is faster than you your dead and i,m gonna tell you ya think that 9mm your carrying will stop it it takes about 10 good shot's to put a bear down if not more i mean i love this game but man the haveing to get out and look all over hell for boxes with loot is what is killing me with this game i hope the loot system get's better or ColdGames put more boxes in the world cause i swear trying to get a full working base up n going is a killer it's self and trying to make clothing to stay warm so you don't have to bulid a campfire every night is a bit*h cause you have to have a fire starter to start it after the first time ColdGames if your reading my review plz put more spwaning of loot boxes in the world so it don't take a month to bulid a working base thank you for reading my review hope it help's cause this is a really good game just alot of grinding to get loot chest's"
76561198125126177,Recommended,418030,31805635,Posted: 17 May,all,Wolfenstien21#choclates,"Would recommend. Took A minute to get fully immersed, but now I might need addiction counseling. Seriously. I dream about this game. Although you need to grind a fair amount (It is in the game description so don't whine after you buy it) it is always an experience each and every day. It is a lone developer but he is super active and listens to the community.  Only SP  for now but MP IS coming. One of my new favorites!"
76561198052271786,Recommended,418030,31961528,Posted: 25 May,all,Lazyfock,Beautiful game with lots of potential! It would be cool if weather was added to affect your  temperature.
76561198058062078,Recommended,418030,32089400,Posted: 31 May,all,RoOiKrEeF,"So after over 20 hours in game I have to say that for a one man developed game, this might just be the best effort I have ever seen .This game is miles better than some games that I have played lately with a full developer team behind them. If you wonder, there are very few bugs that I can tell at this point. The game is very well playable and I can see a massive feature for this game with more implementations later along the line. Great work from this developer. Money well spent."
,Recommended,418030,28139874,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Mantis Matt,"This game makes me feel like I am playing old school games again.  Finally a game that actually provides a challenge.  It's Early Access and only been out for less than 2 months but it feels much further along then most of the early access games I have played.  The game is only starting to be made and has a lot of potential.  I love the fact that it will have a single player and multiplayer setting for the game.  It does become difficult to keep your protein up in the beginning, but with time and establishment it becomes much easier.  I really love the fact that a bear can rip your walls to shred if its aggroed and you run in your base.  This is the first survival game that I have played that actually makes me feel like I am trying to survive.  Other games let you progress too easily and love to pour ammo in loot drops.  In this game, every bullet counts.  Haven't played too much, 8.6 hours, and I love it.  It can only get better.  My only issue is the fact that wolves and bears can run up the flat side of a rock to get at you.  Can't wait to see the multiplayer aspect of the game."
76561198048577302,Recommended,418030,28814393,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,General Mayhem,"This survival game is pretty fun and surprisingly polished for an Early Access game. The game map is fairly large and looks to be expandable. I experience little lag. I'm looking forward to the multi-player that is in the works.  It's a bit challenging, especially if you play with the human AI Hunters active. Graphics are real good. Some plants you forage for crafting are hard to see when you get closer to them, but you get used to that over time. The lighting (sun rays and shadows) are done very well. There are many items to craft and upgrade. I do, however, occasionally experience items getting locked onto cursor when trying to move them from one place to another, preventing any further inventory interaction. Game saving and restart resets it though. Definitely worth the money. A must buy when on sale.Note to DeveloperWishlist/tweak suggestions:Create a map showing your character and your base locations please! Also, make deconstruction material loss only 25% or 33% (with TBD tools) instead of the current 50%. Allow undoing the most recent build placement without any loss of materials to appease those with OCD (like me) that can't seem to get placements positioned perfectly the 1st, 2nd or 3rd times. All placements previous to that would suffer the normal deconstruction loss. Code the game to toggle the same key to activate/deactivate and open/close items (using ESC key or any other key other than the one used to activate a device/object is problematic when you've already got your head on a swivel avoiding potential predator attacks). Auto-close bag window once you click the ""Take all"" button if all items fit in your inventory. Solar panels should produce double the power that they currently give now. The domesticated animals seem to eat and drink faster than you can feed them, given the resources available (even when set to allow them to free-range). Allow deconstruction of hunter bases to salvage materials. Great job so far!"
76561198052898025,Recommended,418030,28767276,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Michael Christy,"Game needs to be reworked so everyone can play it and not just the YouTubers who post this game and make it look so easy.  Just bought this game based on what I saw on YouTube and it has been drastically nerfed in many areas.Changes need to be make:1.  More loot boxes after first night.  For some reason this got changes and now they are super hard to find.2.  Animals really need to be assigned damage as they would in real life.  7-9 bullets for a wolf is a bit much and its not like you can easily get more bullets again.3.  More oportunity to build up a base quicker.4.  More varied loot spawning.  If you are unlucky (which is easy) you can get nothing but nails or metal all day and find no food or medicine.  Sometimes be hurting for just one match!5.  Be able to always respawn after death with at least your basic pistol regardless if you already have the start of a base.  The 9mm pistol should be as constant as the hachet you get always when you die.6.  Make it possible to locate your body after death.  Right now its impossible.  Perhaps a X, Y coordinates system with a compass on top, these are things you would have in the wilderness as a survivealist.7.  Make it easier to see in the dark, perhaps have a MOON so you can at least see in front of your face.  Blue light stick helps with nothing.8.  More opportunites for protein bars in loot, so that if you lost your ammo and weapon you can sustain yourself instead of resorting to desperate measures to killing a wolf which are hard to klll on ANY level.  At least 8 hits with a pistol for a level one.9.  Hunters bulding super close to your base most of the time.  That is, if you can live long enough to see one.10.  Maybe game should have challenge levels so experts can play on hard and beginners can go slower.11.  Less animal spawns and more loot spawns.  This used to be reversed now finding loot is as hard as finding Fiber plants.  BTW, Fiber plants should stand out better, they look to much like the bushes.12.  Make it easier to build a worktable.  You need all the power options built before you can even attempt that build and that is way into the game.13.  Don't be fooled by YouTubers like GameEdged, he makes playing this game so easy, but he has been playing the game for a year now constantly and has memorized the map so he does not experience the same level of difficulty a new player will experience.I have been playing for 20 hours now, and it is easier, but I would recommend the player guide available on Steam, it gives a detailed picture of the map, which is not autoregenerated, but is static.  It may help to know that the sooner you can make a shotgun the easier it will be to handle the animals.  Don't think just using a pistol will get you through this game, it takes to many bullets to even bring down a level 1 wolf (like 7 shots).  With a shotgun you can take him down with only one shot, BUT be up close because the bullets spray out and only do 120 damage if up close and not from far away.  Do not bother with bears AT ALL until you have a rifle or lots of shells in a shotgun, you can pump two clips from a pistol into a level 1 bear and he will not die.I wont give the game a NEGATIVE revew because the game has potential but it really needs to be more player friendly, people will stop playing or return a game they can make no ground in. And for the loud mouths out there that think if you cannot play the game you must be a big cry baby or something... I too watched several YouTube videos before buying to learn how to play, but funny how the game has been nerfed since that time to be much harder than it once appeared.  No one is crying over spilt milk, not everyone plays the same game the same way."
76561198011913543,Recommended,418030,31806912,Posted: 17 May,all,Kinetic,Best solo survival game I've playes so far. Nothing too crazy like magic or dinos. Just a normal person in a realistic environment trying to survive. No bugs encountered so far. No game breaking or wildy out of balance experiences found. Just a damn good survival game that keeps you going for hours. Really looking forward to multiplayer and other features in the future. So far it's a 8/10
76561198023255029,Recommended,418030,28828574,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Vavann56,Great game!!!! lots of updates and a really good dev only one tho
76561198052397361,Recommended,418030,31851303,Posted: 19 May,all,Unholy,I realy like thid game alot. graphics are awesome. cant wait to see what he comes up with next
,Recommended,418030,29396517,Posted: 21 January,all,MisticEarth,"This game is really good! It has amazing graphics and scenery, Provides a challenge and runs very smoothly! I think it's worth the price! I can't wait to see what multiplayer will be like too! I think that maybe the dev. should put a new weapon in the game like a bow! :) a silent way of hunting animals and maybe make to guns attract other animal's attention. Just an idea but other than that... this game is great!"
76561198084008797,Recommended,418030,29047221,Posted: 5 January,all,Spice,"Wonderfully fun, it's just unplayable. My monster computer can't even run it.."
76561198343056202,Recommended,418030,34739389,Posted: 4 September,all,1964Target,"A real nice game at a decent price. Game play is fairly simple and straight forward. Survive if you can, as death comes easy."
76561198194750121,Recommended,418030,26478822,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Spaghetti,All i have to say is that this game is amazing and i hope if goes somewhere in the future
76561198080215534,Recommended,418030,26326499,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Plug It In Baby,"I am in love with this game. Everyone who says its a Rust clone, is wrong, rust doesn't have an ai that build and fight and survive just as you do. It adds such a fun aspect for singleplayer and definitely will for multiplayer as well. All the negative reviews are people who put between .1-3 hours and didn't spend any of that time giving the game a chance, they are the people who went into the game already thinking it was bad, when really, its a new game on early access, and for what it is now, it is incredible, especially for 13.99 (in my opinion). If you don't mind working a bit and waiting on updates (which have been nearly every other day since release) this game is certainly for you, the gun play is good, base building is satisfying even with all the components, wood planks, nails, cordage, pretty reasonable, and it doesn't require a ton of anything to make them. The advanced building is fun and just as satisfying. Surviving against the AI Hunters is fun as well, building my house, not even finished with the first floor and I see a campfire in the distance, and watch the AI build through the night, the next day I go over and raid his little house, taking all he has worked for, for my own, its the equivalent of pvp without the other player lol. The ai react as any player would, they fire very accurately, some say they are OP but I feel they aren't. I killed a guy with a shotgun with little issue, just have to use cover to your advantage. I would say the occasional crash could be fixed. I also feel the animals should attack the AI as well since when I get into a gunfight with an AI animals nearby come at me, instead of me and him. Otherwise, its incredible thus far and I intend to put many more hours on it."
,Recommended,418030,28483734,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,CM ★+-Raiders-+,"For an early access game, its pretty cool! Sure, at first its a little hard for new players, and you die really easily. But once you get the hang of this game, you'll start to feel like a survival pro ;D+-RAIDER-+ PROS:Nice looking gameMostly realisticEasy craftingGood for players who want a bit of a challengeooooo slightly GORY >:D+-RAIDER-+ CONS:Kinda hard for new playersAHHHH SCARY WOLVES AND BEARIf this ain't your kinda game, it can get a little boring(Depending on you) SLigHtLY rAge inDUcInG wHen yOu diENote: I don't mean to say these cons because the game is bad, its for your reference so you know what you're buying.I really like this game because it's simple and you can do whatever the heck you want, charge at bears, shoot a chicken, do whatever!!!!!!This game is all about survival, some stategy and some stealth. It is also a sandbox. If this is your type of game, say you like minecraft for example, then I suggest you give this a try.Tip: If you're new to the game and keep dying, try reading a few guides, they really help!Cool game, defintely lots to improve on (its EA so I can't complain), and well, when the multiplayer comes out, its gonna be pretty darn fun to play with your mates so I'd stay tuned for that! 10/10Some suggestions to the dev(if they see this):Perhaps there is a way to increase the FPS a little bit? For me, 40 FPS is fine but some people may want 60 FPS or more.Maybe there could be some customization in things like clothes, weapons, paint even.Maybe there should some sort of trap or bair for chickens and rabbits, that could make catching them a little easier.Thanks Dev!"
,Recommended,418030,28889121,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Bean,"IdkThis is a hard game, hence the name ""Subsistence"". Subsistence means to sustain yourself at a minimal level, which is why resources are scarce. I don't get why some people are disliking the game for the difficulty. If you want an easier game, then play rust or minecraft. The beauty of this game is that you can have all the weapons, but still fear the environment. In most survival games, you get op weapons and there is no point of moving forward because it is too easy continue. In Subsistence, I wasn't able to be well-equipped until I finished building my base and craft+upgrade most of the items. Its sheer difficulty drives me to play more. Sure it is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to start a base without dying, but hey, this isn't minecraft.SuggestionsAlthough I really enjoy this, I still have a some concerns. One concern is it needs more content. I would like atleast 1 viable melee weapon since the axe isn't reliable. The hunting rifle should have a craftable scope; I waste a lot of ammo attacking the hunters because I am jittery with the iron sight. The game can also get an animal that doesn't attack the player on sight and only attacks when the player provokes it (There are currently two passive and two hostile animals.   Lastly for content, I would enjoy another gun to use. Three guns is kinda limiting.Another concern I have is with the grind. My normal routine is go in a loop everyday and scavenge for supplies in loot crates and cut trees for wood. I was thinking of making crafting material more abundant and adding more crafting recipe to accommodate it. Also increasing the rarity of the crates, but increasing the yield+quality can help to make it more realistic and players less dependent on them.Pros1. Leveling system (e.g. Bear mauls you to death and gains a level, which increases health and damage)2. Homicidal hunters (it gets boring fighing animals)3. Upgrade system (you can improve equipment by making it more energy efficient and imrpvoe its abilities)4. Difficulty5. You can flip off anything and gut animals for resources.6. Shotgun isn't too hard to obtain (best weapon for murdering wildlife)7. You can stun animals by shooting them (can prevent them from hitting you)8. Your home is a safe haven (If you are heavily damaged, you still can survive an animal chasing you by running back to your base)Cons1. Needs more content -however, there is enough for early access2. Over reliance on crates3. Low chance of not dying a few times in the beginning"
76561198282572016,Recommended,418030,26377384,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Martyjoe,"The entire game is alot of fun but do have crashes once in awhile. Love the map, animals, trees rocks, well everything. It is hard when you first start playing animals to strong I think. The hunters build very fast. Thanks for the fun and I would buy any of your games."
76561198023234833,Recommended,418030,26340035,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Deaz135,"I've put about 11 hours into this game and don't plan on stopping anytime soon.  I've been a part of the EA community for quite some time and rarely review but this game has to be one of my favorites.  Even this early the content is impressive and developer is doing a great job of staying in contact with the community, listening, and pumping out updates and fixes.  It's nice to have a EA surival sandbox where your greatest enemy is nature and not being able to get enough darn fruit.  The AI is also quite awesome at this stage.  Now not to say that it doesn't have its bugs, its obviously not fully fleshed out and has your normal EA bugs but I am very much looking forward to seeing how the entire game developes.  This game is not one where you can run around trying to kill everything...let me summarize my first day:- Super excited and wakes up with axe and pistola- Sees a tree and immediately begins chopping wood- Sees a wolf and charges at it with my gun- Empties clip and wolf is still alive and eats me *respawn*- Repeats earlier steps but does not engage wolf and scavenges some berries until night when its cold as s*&^ and huddles by my campfire cuz coldness is a factor- Finds ores and starts mining- Walks around a bit more and runs straight into a bear- Dies againAfter this I finally got the picture that nature is to be respected and took it slow.  I now have a fully functional base and can take on a bear or wolf but still am terrified whenever I hear that low pitched growl and run home to mama"
,Recommended,418030,28489871,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Azreal Dragon,"Seems like an intresting game, glad there is a Solo mode great for simple Survivle building.Played for about an hour, I think things like Fiber plants, Medical Herbs and berries need a bit of an increase in amount at the moment as its takeing me ages to find enough to make rope for building items.Maybe adding areas where these items are plentaful in number and grow in large patches.(like swampy areas have a lot of herbs, Forest areas have a lot of berries and large open areas have a lot of Fiber plants)Would also like to see maybe lakes or rivers in the game as well only way to get water I have seen so far is to find bottles in bags or a water refiner. (once you can build it)Bags seem to be pretty hard to find as well but there deffently seems to be a nice amount around the place if and when you see them.The amount of wildlife, Wolves and Bears I feel are to many as in I can travle about 10 to 20 steps in game in any direction and I seem to run into groups of wolves and bears pretty much no matter which direction I go.They either need to be spread out more or the amount in the game needs to be lowered a little bit as there are just to many.Trying to catch chickens is hard as well but that is only because of as I said there are to many aggresive animales.I always seems to end up running in a direction after a chicken that I end up running into an aggresive animale (Wolf, Bear) so have to stop chaseing said chicken.I also feel there needs to be more types of animales as well maybe to be added later as there is only Rabbits, Wolves, Chickens and Bears currently in the game and while what is there right now is cool, I feel there should be a bit more.Maybe add some Cows and sheep for farming perhaps. Cows would be great for milk and beef, Sheep for cotton/wool (makeing padding for cloths) and Mutton chops for more types of food.Otherwise so far its been pretty enjoyable."
,Recommended,418030,28928646,Posted: 1 January,all,Kn0bz,"Seriously having only played 1 hour and gathering enough to start a base... I can only say that for this game to be created by a small dev team of 1, blows my ♥♥♥♥ing mind.This is such a beautiful game with very few glitches (none I can think of off hand). Seriously only thing is work on that mulitplayer - atleast co-op... other then that man keep up the good ♥♥♥♥ing work. GORGEOUS."
,Recommended,418030,30661123,Posted: 21 March,all,Sikaflex,"I like this game, it's much like the other survival games but I have not seen any bugs/issues with it. The developer is doing a great job and is even updating the game still. I like how I can just play locally, save it and then come back to the game like weeks later and pick up where I left off. The game doesn't have servers yet so you're all by yourself with AI Hunters if you want to play with them. I like the ability to turn on/off the AI hunters, I thought I could take those bums, and I did a few times, but then they started trying to raid me while I wasn't even at my base! So I logged off, turned off the hunters, then logged back in and all was well. The game is pretty good with the loot spawns. It's tough to get started if I can remember correctly, but once you have a little base up, you're golden. A tip for newcomers would be this, keep your eye out for bears/wolves, when you hear them growl, just run the opposite way. It's a good game, I would recommend it for 13 bucks."
76561198088767929,Recommended,418030,26975838,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,jackryan529,"The Positive reviews are way off or maybe they are just little kids who don't know any better.1st of all the game is EA and I mean Super EA, which means it is lacking a lot of necessities and has some problems.Pro --1- nice graphics.2- nice sound effects.Cons --1- No water on the map ?? strange , I covered the whole map and could not find water at all.2- The Map is extremely limited at the moment, It is surrounded by a Fence you can't cross.3- Only a few animals - Rabbits that Run way to fast to catch or kill.--  bears and wolves that can kill you in a few hits.4-  No other animals in the game as of 11/23/2016Okay so do not get me wrong, the game has Great potential - But it has a long ways to go.if you are looking for a Fun survival game - You should get the forest.I will recommend this game only if you don't mind waiting for the game to be developed more than it is right now.."
,Recommended,418030,31493601,Posted: 1 May,all,Pandicate,"It's a very awesome survival game, that most other games do not come close to touching, Especially for a one guy developer he updates alot! I would recommend this game to about everyone that likes building and surviving! It has a really good building system Which sells the game for me! So far im really loving the game!"
76561198193402111,Recommended,418030,31593294,Posted: 6 May,all,bobbyfan418,"Keep in mind, when considering this game, it's being made by a single developer (that means a single individual). He works full-time, as well. The game, itself, is a very likable idea. I suggest any new players scour the forums, on here. Read the FAQ's, and don't be afraid to ask questions. The developer consistently scours these forums, so he loves feedback. The game, while in Alpha, is very enjoyable. Well worth the $13.99."
,Recommended,418030,28304442,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,MahatmaGamer,"Note: This review is early in the games development and opinions expressed are subject to change.Where to start HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥ITS A BEAR *Craps pants*.The animals in this game are savage, having spent nearly 1k Hrs. dealing with the animals in Rust I must say that the animals in this game are hardcore and I LOVE THEM. (also they aren't bugged to♥♥♥♥♥♥like Rust's(Double Name drop I know I'm Naughty)).So far I have Spent 14Hrs. testing what this game has to offer and as an avid fan of survial games I must say im highly impressed not only at the depth but the optimized state of the game this early on (certain to change with content added).CAREBEARS NEED NOT APPLY. This is not a game that is easy to say the least. Death actually means something. The grind to get to a stable base with a set spawn and enough Power to buy respawns is daunting but highly rewarding.If your looking for a survival crafting game that you can just jump in create a nice little settlement and become self sufficient within the first 10 hrs. of gameplay, this title may not be for you.You will have to EARN your right to live."
,Recommended,418030,29129218,Posted: 8 January,all,joefayad86,Hey im at endgame. Theres not much more to do. You should create a car to build and a new random zone to load into with. So that way the exploring.  Never gets boring.
,Recommended,418030,29227690,Posted: 13 January,all,Rakki,Hands down the most addictive survival game out there!Throw rust and forest into a blender and add some engineering and this is the result :D
,Recommended,418030,29309148,Posted: 16 January,all,Excubitor,Great game for those wanting a realistic survival experience
76561198068931316,Recommended,418030,32046902,Posted: 29 May,all,exotrax,One man made and is 100 time better than other popular survival games !!
76561198054586930,Recommended,418030,29335549,Posted: 18 January,all,RtB Matt,I played this game when it first came out and it was amazing...I played it a little yesterday and it's not so much fun I got killed 4 times buy the animals in game 2 wolves and 2 bears I managed to empty a whole clip into a lvl 2 wofl and hit it 2x with my axe and it killed me...lol...why give a gun with not enough ammo or damage power to kill as a starter weapon maybe another mag for it would help...the other 3 deaths happened as I spawned in and was immediately killed seconds after spawning maybe the spawn locations shouldn't have hostile animals in aggro range...I rage quit and hope my next attempt to play will be better...I feel like this game has huge potential but should be easier for players to play at the beginning.
76561198090715800,Recommended,418030,29489753,Posted: 25 January,all,Spoderman,"Realy good game, even in alpha. Its nice to play surviva alone but waiting for the multiplayer to come.Its worth the money.The good part about the game is that you can start without hunters in easy mode, so you can learn the basics etc.After that you can set hunters ON, then there will spawn hunters in your area and they will hunt on you.They are prety scary sometimes but they will first build there base before attacking you. So your safe untill you get to close to them, then your just straight up ♥♥♥♥ed. Accept if you build a base and built some weapons to figt them. Then you can kill them easely.Would recomment this game !"
76561197985664590,Recommended,418030,30074850,Posted: 21 February,all,driver79,I have looked into this game for awhile now and seen reviews at first glance thought I should buy it then the reviews made it sound bad then changed my mind to no not going to do it.After some time I started looking for a survival game with the ability  to build and craft this game came up and again first look I thought yes maybe then it hit me youtube watch someone else play and boom I flipped to got to try it my self and I have had the game about 2 weeks and can't stop thinking about it and what I should do next.Now don't get me wrong I believe the game is a long way from finished and has some things that need improved.Overall it is a good game that I believe when all said and done will be a great game.
,Recommended,418030,29386847,Posted: 20 January,all,niveK,bears are op.
76561197971155212,Recommended,418030,29430604,Posted: 22 January,all,Dargeth,Great Alpha Game for survival/building enthusiasts
,Recommended,418030,34749981,Posted: 4 September,all,MssMEPencilvester,Absolutely a great game. Dev is single-handedly producing what will polish up to be a real gem. Cant wait for the Multiplayer!
76561198214157224,Recommended,418030,35190723,Posted: 24 September,all,netflix_is_love,"So let me first start saying, that this game is really amazing in so many ways. The visuals, mechanics, and overall is a very stable game. I would highly recommend this game for people who want to play rust or dayz but without players. Now I have had some pros and some cons about this game. But in no way reflect the way I feel about this game.Pros:- Amazing visuals- Building aspect is great- The crafting system is overall stable- The map is different, meaning you have hills, a mountain, lakes, and valleys so not always the same when walking to a different place on the map.- The looting systems is pretty good, meaning it doesn't give you to much stuff or to little stuff.Cons:- Gunplay is eh, its ok but could be better- 1 hunter is ok to deal with, 2-3 hunters are really hard to deal with. Which makes sense but just something to consider looking at.- Also the minute the hunters enter your world, they have guns. I mean pistols, then little bit later shotgun, the a little bit later, they have rifles. Plus, most of the time they are dead accurate which makes sense but it seems like a disadvantage to you because you don't have as much ammo or the fact they run and hide behind every rock or tree which is amazing for AI but can get annoying for the player at times. Also ammo, they have F*ck tons of ammo, like where the F*ck are they getting all this ammo.- Also the loot you get from hunters is pretty bad, like when looking at it overall. It would be more effective for me to put my bullets into a animal and get meat out of it then put the bullets in a hunter and get some terrible stuff, the only good thing is the weapon parts which are required for the .44 magnum.- Also I don't exactly get the idea of everytime the animals kill you they level up. I feel that the system would be better that everytime you level up then the animals gain more health to match your level or something like that. ( Just a suggestion )- Also its survival so makes sense to be grindy but being able to reap more rewards would be nice, like for example trees can give you on average 3-4 logs. These then give you one plank, or you can craft it to one stick. The profit from using like 10 seconds to get logs from a tree should be worth the time to grind to get the wood.- Also most of the time is spent walking from one place to another or if you die then sometimes you will spawn like half way across the map and you have 5 minutes to get to the place you died. In relation to this con, the map is overall not the biggest which makes sense since its a new game and the creator would rather make the gameplay better than the map, but the map is overall small and the only reason it seems big is because you walk everywhere.So those are overall just my little ticks about the game but overall the game is amazing and its even more amazing that the creator is one guy and works a full time job! Also the only reason why the con list is bigger is because I wasnted to add my input on how to impove the game, and no way reflects the game being bad in anyway, because simply the game isn't bad, all it needs is some tweaks here and there and it would be even better than it already is. So I would love to say that job well done on this game and I can't wait to see where it goes! (P.S. Any negative reviews are from people who just don't understand the mechanics of the game or don't like the grindyness of it. So its better to just take those with a grain of salt.)Also here is some things I would love to see!- Overall some of the gameplay mechanics changed or reconsidered like the ones I listed above.- Map size increased and maybe a abandoned town/city. With that maybe adding a bike, or motercycle.- More things to craft, overall many things to craft already just would like to see more things, like different guns or different things to use the power in my house.- Anything else you can think of! Just keep up the amazing work!"
,Recommended,418030,35230718,Posted: 26 September,all,Sloth,"The game so far is very enjoyable, and the graphics are beautiful. It is very grindy, but it's a survival game. I would definitely recommend it if you liked the earlier versions of rust (when there was still zombies). It feels like a  better version of that. The base building and power system is very good already, and I assume will only get better. Some of the regen times for mass and power are kind of slow but if you have enough generators and fuel it'll work out (:"
76561198021336340,Recommended,418030,35226993,Posted: 26 September,all,cldbldkla,"25 hours played in 3 1/2 days, think dayz with animals instead of zombies. ok thats all i have time for,cutting into my play time"
76561198135358419,Recommended,418030,30621240,Posted: 19 March,all,RedsSunShine,"Coming from H1Z1 and 7 Days to Die, I'm enjoying this game a lot. It's challenging and the AI hunters give the game a nice twist if you choose to have that in your game.  The game landscape even in early acces is beatiful. The game runs smooth for me. Beware of the bears and wolves!!! I'm ecxited to see what additions will be made. My husband and I play multiplayer games together so we are looking forward to multiplayer being added.  Keep up the great work Coldgames!!!"
76561198021184898,Recommended,418030,31082648,Posted: 11 April,all,bigdoglvr,Great game now and continuing to grow and get better.
76561198112568232,Recommended,418030,26409094,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,counterman1128,"This is a very promising game. I understand this game is being worked on as I write this review but there are two thngs I noticed that need improvement while playing this game. First, the animals can climb up verticle cliff faces so it makes it kinda hard to run away from them. Secondly, the animals field of vision(FOV) is not blocked by objects or at least to my experience. There were times when I approached a loot box and looked all around me for any animals but when I start opening it a animal comes out of no where. So the animal must've been around the boulder. Other than these small things, this game is fun to play. Though a little more realism in hunting animals would be nice."
76561197997795420,Recommended,418030,32732496,Posted: 24 June,all,Northrop84,"It is so much more than I have expected :) Great, challenging survival game with very interesting and fresh mechanics. Love it even in singleplayer :)"
,Recommended,418030,29232553,Posted: 13 January,all,Rebel,"This game has some beautiful graphics. This is the type of game that really makes you work to learn the ins and outs. I can almost promise you that the first time you play this game, you are not going to like it but, after about the 5th time you play it, you will love it! If not, then maybe you should stick to Minecraft"
,Recommended,418030,32972996,Posted: 28 June,all,J. Brandston | 3E-8,"Love this game!! For a one man dev team, very impressed!  Keep up the great work!!!  Very excited for multiplayer!!! :D"
76561198014072004,Recommended,418030,28172572,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Dedline,"First off I have to say I was hesitant to purchase this game in such early stages and there being only one developer at the moment. My mind has been changed! What a delight it was to log in and spend a few hours of this game exploring the terrain, running for my life from wolves and bears that at first are incredibly challenging to kill. I would say this for those considering purchasing this game. Is it early access, yes. If you accept that, and are willing to support this very passionate developer who cares about his players and listening to what they need and starts fixing things right away, I think you should.Here is why.Game is only 13.99 for easily hundreds of hours of great survival, crafting, building gameplay.Farming and crafting is the core here. If you enjoy that, which I do, then you will like it.Crafting system is great, building is a blast, and learning survival mechanics of this game is much more fun than Ark, Rust, or the like.You have to manage power, in a way so different than any other survival game.Watching my protein levels drop, while my hydration is high just before dark and having no ammunition for a large animal kill forcing me to chase a chicken around on foot dodging bears and wolves knowing if I do not catch this chicken, pluck its feathers and cook its declicious meat, I will most likely starve and die tonight. What a blast, and unique experience to the other survival games.I really feel its a challenge to survive. Unlike the other games that you quickly learn to overcome the elements of survival.This is not a creative survival game where you build a whole house in the first hour. I found myself farming and surviving the first day to be stuck on a high rock with a camp fire, trying not to freeze and wait for light so I can start farming again to just lay one foundation and if I was lucky, a wall to protect my back from the wildlife.I can easily see myself spending 150+ hours on this game, if not way way more. If you like a challenge and enjoy farming, farming, and more farming knowing you get to craft just one more wall or build your chicken coop so you can start hatching eggs for breakfast, then get this game.If you absolutely can't handle a slower game, with a lot of farming and deaths often just to create your own cabin in the woods, then steer clear. I have had one hunter so far attack me in the game world, so can't say what that part of the game is like yet. I look forward to gearing up and raiding their bases to obtain more loot and push the hunters out of my territory."
76561197994913769,Recommended,418030,29592083,Posted: 30 January,all,Sovern,"Subsistence is an Alpha Early Access release,  in active development as a solo project, and has seen regular updates, modifications, and game play adjustments based on community feedback.Very early in development, the game is unfinished, but currently playable as a single player Wilderness Survival experience.  Future changes, the addition of multiplayer, etc. will only improve the game.  It is already worth the purchase, and quite a lot of fun to play.The environment is beautifully crafted.  Daytime temps around 68 F provide pleasant weather, sun, great lighting, blowing gusts in the trees, and ambient wind.  Night grows very dark, and terrifyingly cold, dropping below freezing.  The varying temperature adds difficulty and depth to your attempt to survive.Beyond weather, hostile animals provide a threat to your survival.  Bears and wolves wander nearby, but can be avoided with cautious crouching, and a carefully chosen path.  Be ready to run if a hostile creature charges your way.Wear headphones, be alert, and don’t be afraid to die a few times while you learn your way around.  Stay safe, and happy adventures!"
,Recommended,418030,29802452,Posted: 9 February,all,Sergeant Ted Baker ✅,"Great game like rust legacy, but offline and you can raid ai players, so cool :D"
76561198180330161,Recommended,418030,32790974,Posted: 25 June,all,DILLIGAF,"BUY THIS GAME.  If it's on your wishlist; buy it.  If you've looked at it once or twice and are on the fence; buy it.  I only say that because obviously if your are even reading this, it's your type of game.  I wish I'd have bought it the first time I saw it.  Basically it's what would happen if Minecraft and Rust would have a baby.  Perfect mix of survival, crafting, base building, and exproling.  YES, you're going to be more♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥than you ever have playing a game early on, but you will respawn and not switch games.  It's hard to believe this is early access, as it's more complete than most 'finished' survival games out there.  MP is in the works, but the AI is plenty to keep you busy.  This is my 1st review, and after years on Steam (and nearly 30 years of gaming), I only am writing this in hopes that more people will buy in to fund this game in hopes it becomes even better.  As it is as early access, I'd pay twice this much (and have for other games) for whats here.  If it goes no further, I'm still happy.  Dev's also active, and often posting updates.  Read the posts, and see his responses.  Very active as a single Dev, more so than big CO's taking our money.  If you've made it this far, just buy it already."
,Recommended,418030,26361706,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,willlord825,"Nice graphics and gameplay is smooth. Has lots of potential especially when the MP servers are launched and you can play with friends etc.For an early access game, this is fantastic. I love it!"
76561198303002764,Recommended,418030,26236654,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,✪Dordon,This game is really fun i only run 20 fps though but i dont have that good of a pc and i dont mind i run low fps because it so fun
,Recommended,418030,26236119,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Virus,"So far it is a very well done game, I would like a few QoL things though, wood should go into your bags :)"
76561198075778995,Not Recommended,418030,28334384,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,StickyTampon,"A solid foundation as of right now to what could be a very great game. It has nearly every aspect a gamer needs and looks for in a survival game. I would pass right now on buying the game because like most there is little content as of right now. You will jump into the game with a smile and wanting to play more. Once you run into NPCs and your base is built, you will find yourself bored. There is no room to keep progressing. Which is a breath of fresh air because the DEV can easily add content, progress, and make the game more difficult with time.Playing Rust I always thought to myself ""hmm if I want to play alone for a while on a dead server, there would be no way to be challenged?"" Meaning the lack of life threats in the game other than the community I feel limited the game in a certain way.This is exactly what I meant by that.. This game offers an NPC outside of bears and wolves to actually give you a challenge.Once this game become multiplayer and offers servers it might be worth the money.I can definately see the potential the game has.. but we all know how early access game DEVS continue to let us down.I hope i'm wrong this time."
76561197996648241,Not Recommended,418030,30330912,Posted: 4 March,all,Combatvet11b,game is hard very hard so hard it makes it not enjoyable resources and food are extremley scarce and mining metals is glitched to hell. there are wolves and bears every 15 meters which makes it half impossible to open any packages and it will take more than a reasonable amount of bullets to kill anything. For god sakes it takes three 9 mm bullets to kill a damn chicken ???? game needs serious work I regret buying it.
76561198202881229,Recommended,418030,26235349,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,feroplaygames,This game perfectly designed and executed.Coldgames the developer has done a very good job to release this in a very excellent shape.Enjoing playing the game and expecting more in the future.
76561198076150582,Recommended,418030,26682531,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,CalicoCobraStrike,"Don't waste your money. Wait a while, then waste your money."
76561198207623051,Recommended,418030,26282444,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,BakedKarma,"This game is fun.  If you are on the fence, just buy it.  You know you want to.Not sure how many hrs I've logged so far and I definetly don't know how many times I've died (once, because I saved the game while crouching by the campfire underneath a rock....).  The game plays very smooth and it looks really really good so I don't mind the challenge of starting over again after death.  If you can't handle losing your♥♥♥♥♥♥when you get mauled, then it will for sure annoy you.For the price you can't go wrong.  It's better than A LOT of games and it's hopefully just the beginning!**Edit:  Don't listen to the people who say it's got limited resources and the not having a map is terrible.  It's a survival game!!  No, you can't run around and expect to survive.  You have to have patience and remember where certain recouces (like fibers) appear on the map.  The map isn't huge, it doesn't change and it is not very hard to use landmarks to guide your way around.  Just remember what direction the sun rises and you should be fine....hopefully....if you want to survive!!"
76561198086468785,Not Recommended,418030,30314559,Posted: 4 March,all,Birb,"I am one of those people who are disliking it because it was too hard, but here's why. As far as i could see, the only way to get materials is from crates and from the surrounding enviroment. That's all well and good, but if you die and lose your stuff after had collecting a bunch of crates, now you have no crates and no stuff. The only way to build base parts is with nails, which are found in crates. The only way to collect fibers is with small grey planets that are so easy to overlook you might as well call the game a fiber hunting simulator, not to mention that from how far I looked there werent many at all. The animals are literally everywhere, and your only defense at the beginning is a dingy little pistol that does literally no damage. That, in combination with a wolf being able to kill you in around 3 hits makes you have to avoid them completely, and they seem to frequently spawn near crates. Now, don't get me wrong this game has the potential to be very good, and the developer seems to be on top of the issues found. Also, I'm not expecting this game to be easy, but it seems a bit over the top at the moment. If you're looking at this game like I was, wait for a bit. You probably won't enjoy it as early off as it is now."
76561198034624319,Recommended,418030,33157415,Posted: 2 July,all,Ulf,"Great potential survial and building game, very addictive. Would like to be able to play a hunter."
,Recommended,418030,26309989,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,MurderousMurphy,"So far this has been a very good game. It can be quite difficult at first but once you figure out where the animals normally are and where loot crates spawn it becomes alot easier. Well as long as you don't play wreckless but we all know how hard that can be. Hunters seem pretty easy to kill as long as you're quick, I got shot by a shotgun and rushed him with a axe and killed him, was quite exciting! People say fiber is hard to get but its actually very easy to find in the grassland area where there is alot more open space to see. I found a spot where where i can just run back and fourth grabbing fiber while sneaking past bears and wolves. So if your having trouble with the game being too hard just be observant and don't fight unless you have too. Spawn rates of animals seem fine to me. A diffculty setting may be needed though to make everyone happy. Game is quite polished for EA, slight frame drop on max graphics but nothing too bad, only problem i have is I crash when im building my base on occasion but nothing major. Would reccomend this game for the challenge and how's it crafting is quite simple and not overwhelming! Many thanks to the Dev for this great game so far!"
,Recommended,418030,30053577,Posted: 20 February,all,Rub_My_Meat,"I'm pretty sure this game was made by 1 man working alone and he still manages to push out regular updates, optimization and bug fixes.1 man is doing a better job than the entire team of nerds working on the messy cash grabbing crap known as Ark survival evolved...Much respect Mr. developer"
76561197982881963,Not Recommended,418030,28763551,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Razter,"Very first game, I loaded up the game, spawned in....and was killed in 4 seconds by a wolf.Well there's the first strike right off the bat. Spawning you into the world right on top of hostile animals. Good job.So I restarted.Now this game is basically designed in such a way that creates/boxes are going to be your primary source of materials and survival for a good portion of the game. Unlike games like 7Days To Die where you can (and must) scavenge supplies, this game makes you VERY dependent, almost exclusivly, on these creates.So I started up a second game. Day 1 I found maybe 6 creates total. Pretty low number and not many supplies.Day 2 I found maybe 4-5 crates before I eventually was killed trying to hunt for food. The lack of crates left me very low on ammo since I already spent a clip (7 rounds) killing a wolf for food.If I'm going to play a survival game, I want it to be a survival game. But as it stands, this game is basically just a box hunt. Find boxes and win. Don't find boxes and lose. In all, the only thing you really gather or scavenge are 3 types of plant, an occasional scrap metal and some ore nodes (4 or 5 ore node types I think?). Beyond that it's all boxes.Some other side notes....- No compass in game. Later in game you can make all these various items and high-tech machinery, but you don't know how to make a basic compass. A 12yr old boy scout can make a rudimentary compass.- No map at all. No mini-map, no world map, no waypoints.- WAY too many hostile animals in the world. This really needs to be toned down and/or scaled back in number.- When you die, you lose all your stuff. You now have a very imited amount of time to go find your corpse. But guess what? There's no marker for your corpse. So you have no marker, no map, no anything to help you find your stuff. I hope you completely memorized the whole map and know preciesly where you died. If not...bye bye to all your stuff.To add insult to injury, when you die, your stuff is contained in this teeny, tiny little box on the ground. So even if you manage to get to the area where you died, you still might never see your stuff. The box can be obscured by a bush, some grass, a flower, etc.- The food system is rediculous. You consume food a a very high rate and you are very likely to be either starving or suffering from malnutrition before the end of a day. Since you cannot generate your own water or veggies until much later in the game, you are at the mercy of the RNG boxes. You also cannot carry things like meat since they spoil extremely quickly. I once prepared 2 cooked chickens in the morning to take with me one day. They were rotten before I hit mid-day.The most efficient way to deal with the food issue is basically to kill yourself every day. So this game isn't so much a survival game as it is a running and suicide simulator.There is a solid basis for a game here. But at present, it's not really much fun and way too overly reliant on box spawns.-----A little Add-on note:The community for this game is also pretty hostile. If you're not constantly praising the game, drinking the kool-aid and declaring its glory, prepare to be thrashed.In other words: Any opinions and players that are not those of the Subsistence Fanbois™, are not welcome, and you will be asked/told to leave. (No joke)"
76561198023951595,Not Recommended,418030,34804740,Posted: 7 September,all,Meowseph,"This seemed to be one of the most promising games that are on the market right now. It has good graphics, but is still playable on affordable PCs (unline Rust and Rising World, at some point the patch made the requirements at least double than the original game) and it has a really nice crafting and building system. The modular building is not very aesthetically pleasing, but practical and gives a feeling of customizing your game.Why, then, did I review it negatively? Subsitence was made to be hard. It is not hard. It is impossible. You always run out of ammo as you totally rely on the loot crates, so, on luck. Even the bow has no affordable mass ammo, because the feathers you need for the arrows are also a matter of luck. Either you get them hrough lootcrates (see above), or you have a chicken farm. To have a chicken farm, you need to catch a chicken. The chickens have nearly infinite stamina and run just as fast as you, so you will either be exhausted or run into a predator before even coming close to them. Even if you manage to catch a chicken, you can't build the farm, because you need sinews. Sinews can only be aquired through killing mountain lions, which are by far the most dangerous adversary in the game: they run faster than you, have a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of health points and a base attack to one hit an unarmed player.So, you can go hunting every 4-5 days because you will need that time to get enough ammo. Why do you need so much ammo? Because when you hit a wolf in the head twice, it does not die, it chases you till your fecking end, starts fidgeting so you can't hit it any more and will take anoter 2-3 bullets. Like this, I had a wolf covered in bleeding wounds patrolling around my base. Killing players make animals level, so this fecking wolf has become immortal! NINE, 9 GOD DAMN BULLETS to the head and it looked at me like ""what if I told you I am Chuck Norris?"".But it's not just about the animals and the insanely luck-based system of loot crates – anyone else having enough nails to replace the wood of your house, but no damn cloth AT ALL? The hunters, NPC wild humans who shoot at sight and reproduce all over the map as if they were fecking rabbits, never encounter ammo problems, do cooperate and occupy all the ponds and lakes so that you can't even water your ♥♥♥♥♥♥ plants. Talking about farming: Why on earth can't you extract cotton seed? Do you think it is already way too easy to get cloth, one of the most important resources ever? (Hammer, any higher-classed gun, etc.)Just one final question: Did the developer even play this game him/herself? Seems not."
76561198187794330,Not Recommended,418030,28281631,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Arekasadara,"I like the reward of survival-based games. Being able to withstand nature and death is truly a great feeling, and I have had a few moments like that in this game. However, my experience with this game so far has been fairly mediocre.The first time playing resulted in my death nearly off the bat when I spawned in front of a bear, and shortly afterward, I died of malnutrition since I ran out of ammo trying to kill a chicken that ran 50 mph. The spawn crates, while numerous, were difficult to reach due to the numerous wolves and bears usually guarding them. I managed to pilfer some blueberries and apples from a few crates, but I would begin starving afterwards and die of malnutrition.It's unfortunate that this game lacks harvestable flora. I've only found a handful of blueberries from the ground. Apart from chickens and rabbits, this game really lacks harvestable food until one gets a garden. Even when I got a shotgun, I never went hunting wolves or bears. I get killed just from my wounds, so it hardly matters.It took at least several shots from a pistol to kill a wolf, and even then I died from my injuries. I managed to get a shotgun, which certainly made matters easier, but spawn crates seem to mostly drop only enough resources to craft 9mm ammo rather than shotgun shells.Apart from ammo, I can rarely find nails consistently. Sometimes I can get three or four crates in a row full of nails and construction items, but at other times I get nothing. After 10 hours playtime, I have a small house and a garden in the works, but I still do not have a bed.It really sucks not having a set-spawn location when I die, because I frequently get killed looking for dinner, but instead I become the dinner, and then I respawn in the middle of nowhere as night sets in. Then I die because of hypothermia. The dev seriously needs to revise the player attire for this reason. I barely have any time to craft a campfire before I die, and in most cases I have died because of this.Overall, this game has the potential to be good, especially for early access, but it seriously needs a balance overhaul."
76561198052769409,Recommended,418030,28224587,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,jiraiyanosannin,"Before anything else, when playing Subsistence, you must be crucially, critically aware of one thing:You are going to die.No, really. You're going to die. Often, in fact. Sometimes violently. Sometimes freezing or starving to death. Usually violently.In any case, the sooner you make peace with the fact of your impending demise, and realize it isn't a question of if so much as when, the better off you'll be.The main thing you need to remember is that while you may die, the base you're building will endure. That's where you need to pour your resources. Forget making fires, feeding yourself, drinking water, etc.; you'll need to pump all that neat stuff into your base in order to get it running. Save your berries for chicken feed. Save your water for livestock and gardening. Put up a platform, a wall, a base beacon, and a storage box. Then collect, collect, collect.Try to avoid violent deaths, as whatever kills you will level up from that kill. If at all possible, die of malnourishment, preferable next to your base so you can salvage your pants for the cloth.All this said, I love this game. I think it's quite along the lines of what Rust might have been, were it not for the thoroughly toxic community. There are, however, a few things I'd like to see in future updates:-A better abundance of resources. This game is kick-your♥♥♥♥♥hard as it is already.-More wildlife interaction. Let's see animals fighting, or attacking the AI bots and vice versa. Right now, they'll all gladly hunt you down together.-A low cost spawn-point control. Seriously, dying and having to dodge random wildlife waiting for your beacon is the pits.-Firestarter crafting. Flint. Steel. Friction firestarters.-Elimination of levels. You don't level up. Your opponents do. Die to something more than once or twice, and you'll find yourself at a serious disadvantage.-More realistic kills. Let's make headshots count for something. I burn so much ammo because everything, rabbits and chickens included, requires 2-5 shots to put down, minimum."
,Recommended,418030,26639879,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Jack Gray,The game i've been looking for.  Surviving in the wild.  no zombies.. realistic.  I hope the developer considers adding in RPG aspects to the character developement.
76561198011178253,Recommended,418030,26626047,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,nauds3000,"A pretty astonishing job the one developer has done with this game, I enjoy this more than Rust. Mainly because the single player is much better. Will recommend to friends, fantastic!"
,Recommended,418030,26497768,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Kegstand,"Complete overhaul of my first review in light of information I did not have previously. I am holding judgement until I am able to get in again and test the advanced features. There appears to be more then meets the eye and only when you advance into the game further will these changes unlock.As it stands from what little time I played. The world is nice, the controls are easy to figure out and have a decent feel. The bear will own yer♥♥♥♥♥quickly.One developer so there is no big team working on this project which is impressive fromw hat I have seen so far. I am jelous, I would love to create an MMO I have the vision and the ideas but I lack the knowledge to turn it into reality."
76561198338060095,Recommended,418030,28886947,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,chris061501,Asn much as i love this game i would like a refund because myb processor isnt good enough. I do love what parts i did get to see in it and would recommend it to anyone who DOES have a good processor.
,Recommended,418030,26675997,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Ty,Not too bad. Needs an actual map and proper 3rd person. TGhe doors annoy the ♥♥♥♥ out of me. This game lacks alot of small things which pisses me off. Overall though it is decent for a single dev
76561197989269457,Recommended,418030,26381748,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Keithb8,"Here is an in depth look from someone who's played lots of survival:You start off with your pistol, axe, and glowstick. you will proceed to roam the land, searching for loot crates. they will contain things like food, medical supplies, ammo, and building materials. The only downside to crafting is you CANNOT craft nails, so you must loot them. They are very valuable at first, but you will likely have a surplus as you continue on. They is also a rare locked crate that you can find, but it requires a lockpick which must be crafted and is a one time use. (these have very good loot, so open when you can). You will also be scavenging for fiber bushes, berry bushes, medical bushes, and hitting trees for wood. You can also harvest metals from rocks with a pickaxe, but this is for later game. Be careful for wolves and bears. You can take down a wolf with 5-7 pistol shots, but avoid bears until you have a shotgun or rifle. they growl to warn you if you get to close, but if you stay in range or get closer, they will come after you. In my experience i have been able to outrun wolves, but i dont know about bears. however, you can avoid all animals by jumping onto your constructed foundation.So before the sun goes down on day one, you'll want to have at least enough for a campfire, as you will freeze to death from the cold without it, and have either looted food or raw meat from an animal to cook, because you will be hungry. You need proteins, as well as fruits or veggies to stay nourished.  (to harvest wolves and bears, kill it, crouch near it with your axe, and ""hold f to butcher"" will appear.)The first thing you want to get materials for is the base command unit. this will serve as a beacon/compass, as well as allow you to build more essential base items such as generators. you will also need at least one foundation and one wall to place it. you also want to get materials for a storage box. once you have the base command unit and the storage box, death is not as scary. you can store all your items in the box, and if you die, you only lose what is on you, and you can use the base command unit to not only find your base again, but if you can navigate well enough, you can find your body and loot it. i have only died once, but i was able to find my body. i was killed but a Bandit hunter AI a little ways from my base, simply ran back to my base after death, and then back to where i died.The Hunter AI will arrive something like day 5 or 6. they usually start with shotguns, so if you do have to fight them, shoot from range. they will only shoot when they are within like 5-10 feet. you can kill them with a starter pistol with 5-7 shots. be careful, they almost have aimbot at close range and are incredibly hostile. if one builds near you, kill him quickly, loot him, and extinguish the campfire. they will return to their camp after a day or two, so when you see the campfire lit, you know they have respawned. kill them for good loot such as weapon parts, ammo, food, and pretty much anything else. I haven't progressed too far, but they don't seem to roam far from their base, and they dont fight or aggro animals. from what i have seen in videos online, they will also multiply if you do not kill them quickly.to give you an idea of progression, after about 3 hours of playing, i was able to setup a 2x1 with doors and ceilings. i have a generator, power storage, mass storage, 2 storage chests, pistol, shotgun,  some ammo, good amount of building supplies, few meds. ive killed 2 bandits and like 8 wolves. survived for like 8 days in game or so.my next goal is to setup up a weapons bench using the base command unit. with this bench, you can upgrade your weapons using weapon parts looted in the wild or from bandit hunter AI. you can upgrade damage, mag size, and range i believe. this will make it easier for me to hunt animals and bandits. after that, ill get a forge going, so i can refine metals and craft things like the rifle and lockpicks.This is a tough survival game, and I do recommend watching some short videos or at least viewing screenshots to get an idea of what everything looks like and how it works before you decide to even but it, let alone play. ive played almost 900 hours of rust, and with that in mind, this game interest me more, even without multiplayer yet. its simple, but you have to work for everything. it feels like survival. it feels alot better all around. it makes you utilize what you find, and puts you in a lot of risk vs reward situations. It's not the most optimized, but i didnt really have any problems, only lower end pc's should have an issue. check your settings if you do have any issues, as mine were maxed when i started.as for the crash people were getting when picking up wood, i got it too. the fix? dont hit trees that are within the reach of your base command unit. the range is only like 15 feet, so im sure you can find other trees. however, it was a rude interuption and i can see how it was a turn off for some people.Overall one of the better early access games. One of the only with AI like this. if you like everything handed to you, then dont buy this. but if you wanna be satisfied by hard work and dedication. Withstand freezing nights. Hunt animals and bandits alike. and just survive, this is the game for you.some gameplay mechanics to note:wood from trees will respawn in a day or less, same with loot crates, fiber/med/berry bushes, and ore. so regardless of where you build, loot and animals will eventually find its way there again. however, some areas seem to have better spawns than others. when you die, it respawns you randomely in the world, you dont have to restart the whole game, you'll have half health and reduced food bars as a spawn penalty. health does recover over time, and like stamina, seems to be relative to how high your food bars are. Better nourishment = faster recovery. the game does autosave every 5 minutes or so and you can ""save and exit"" but you cant just save. this may be changed though."
76561198076389635,Recommended,418030,26480130,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,bmaster64,"This game has a TON of potential. It looks great and has a difficulty that you don't see in most modern games. I can't wait to see where this game ends up. I love that it is a survival game that isn't about zombies or mutants although I like those games too. I would highly recomend supporting this author, not for what the game is currently but the potentential it has and were it is heading."
,Recommended,418030,28259301,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Jane Winchester,"I am a newbie to this kind of survival game and let me tell you it's really hard sometimes. I really like your game though! But as many others here, I have a few suggestions to make as well. To name a few things:I would like a possibility to ignite the fire without having to depend on matches. Cost me my life several times.Also it would be cool to have Berry bushes or fruit trees to actually get your fruit and veggie supplies. Or insects/worms under rocks or something.I would like to be able to lure away wolves and bears from crates. With throwing pebbles or something. Because those two things always seem to spawn next to each other.Also it would be nice if the animals had actual habitats or areas where they live. Because wherever I build my base in a seemingly safe place, the next morning or when I restart the game, they are just THERE.Another thing that maybe you could work on is the character being able to chop wood etc in third person view and making gestures in first person. Seems to be an early stage still, but I just wanted to let you know that it doesn't work as it maybe should be.And is there a possibility to make other beacons and some sort of map of discovered areas? So you know for example where a certain rock formation is etc. Being able to place a base control unit on any surface (especially rocks) would be nice in terms of not having to grind to get all the supplies for a wooden foundation and wall first but having an actual go-to base area.One last thing for now: Can you make it so that the game just goes back to the title screen when I exit the game instead of shutting it down completely? I can't pause but this would be neat.I'm really looking forward to what this game can become and I appreciate your work a lot! Keep it up!Beautiful graphics, Chill enough for me most times but also challenging enough 8/10"
,Recommended,418030,28052837,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Allurapre,"This game is Early Access. Does it have issues? Yes it does, mostly with balance of the different aspects. However the Dev of this game is constantly working to squash bugs/exploits and is very active on the games forum.Don't buy this game if your looking for something easy. This game is about survival. If you like the survival gendre then you owe it to yourself to add this game to your library."
,Recommended,418030,26607498,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,DirtyApe,"First off. Im very impressed that the game is created by one person. Crazy. Its a well thought out game with a lot to offer. I've been playing more of this lately than The Long Dark. I do have a couple of issues though. One being, when you die, you have 5 min. to get back to where you die to grab the loot you dropped. Sounds good in theory. But, my issuse with that is that when I die I have to wait 100 seconds for my beacon to show up to give me a sense of direction. Then its a mad dash to where I died, only to find that the animal that killed me is camping my body. So I die again. Its a real pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ Also, the crashes are beginning to get on my nerves.If youre looking for a fun survival game, still in early developement then I would reccomend Subsistence. But be warned, it can get quite frustrating."
,Recommended,418030,26610037,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Void 空,"Worth Every Single Penny,"
,Recommended,418030,26545057,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,FreeMind73,"This is a really good Early Access Game.I bought it a few days ago and I have enjoyed it so far.As all games in early developement there are a few tweeks needed. The Dev has been really active with the updates and pays attention to the community.Have had some more frequent crashes since the last update ( and only once I establish the base), most of them at the stage of base building and wood gathering. Other than that the game works fine, looks great and totaly deserves the amount of money I payed for it.A few ideas / Remarks for the game.1.The game mechanic focuses greatly on building machines/stations to provide for survival necessities (latest is the water thingy :)..), thats great and in general all this building stations are nice, but there should be an easier way to get water, for instance if a river or a lake was added in the map you could get water from there, maybe even by creating a base close to it, would make it (in the future) a ""prime"" spot for the hunters to try and attack.2.Animals are too many and too strong to kill. 4-5 bullets to kill a level 1 Wolf is waaaay to much. There are some cases that a single supply box is surounded by 2 wolves, 2 bears....thats crazy, would never happen in reallity. Of course its a game but it needs to be balanced better. Maybe different gameplay difficulty could fix that.3. Food...  3 steaks, 2 chicken meat, 3 Energy bars, 3 apples, 20 berries every single day just to be fed and in a good shape to survive is way too much.... less food please...4. The Hunters.... are superhuman....hopefully they will become more human as the game progresses. A nice idea could be that not all hunters are imediately agressive, maybe a ""white flag"" mechanic could be introduced even to the point that you could actually exchange goodies between the hunters and the player.5. And last but most seriously not least...dying.I get it, the continuous grind to get resources that will help you survive, the hard survival mechanics, all part of a survival game with base building, I am all for it...but the way you penalise the player by striping him from his most valuable things, leveled weapons etc...after all these hours of managing to survive and actually managing to progress in a way that you actually feel that you achieved something! all this is taken away!!! ....  an idea. instead of penalising the players just let them keep at least the upgraded gear.... you could actually pop up a message saying that ""in your (the players) absence you base has been looted"" or something and make us loose some of our bases resources, that would be fair.I hope my feedback helps the Dev make this game an even better one. Keep the good work and thanks for the fun (and no so fun :) times so far...."
76561198135908333,Recommended,418030,26481369,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Katicus,Really fun game for an alpha and for only $15 it is well worth it. It's not a big grind to collect everything and there are animals and AI hunters that you have to kill it makes it really interesting.
,Recommended,418030,26545891,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Pickled Geek,"Fantastic game. Great start to something that already rivals the best pure survival games out. If you like survival, you need to get this. The Developer is extremely active and this game is only going to get better than it already is."
,Recommended,418030,26381247,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,RedRock,"Hi guys!This game is amazing. Those who can buy.Even now, the alpha version. But if you are prepared to develop and it will survive. It will not fall over, from PvP. You can develop the best surviving this game.There's just a lack of Coop for me and my teammates."
76561198007116212,Recommended,418030,26523668,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Spikester,"Loving this game hard but so is the real world , keep up the good work Dev."
76561198283104551,Recommended,418030,26482666,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,cdog499er,good
76561198001039898,Recommended,418030,26489002,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,MichelV,"It is fun and fine for an early EA Game. I like the game but after a few hours there is nothing new to do. Only time will tell if the game is going to be any good or not.It reminds me a bit of early rust, but it really does needs more features and better AI to be fun. Let the hunters AI hunt you when you hunt animals, more different animals that also feed on eachother. Why do the wolfs not hun rabbits? Also making traps would be a cool feature if they would implement it...."
,Recommended,418030,26494711,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,East Ned87,It's a good game yet The animal spawns need to be remade they spawn why too much in one spot
,Recommended,418030,26379381,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Vinyl Philharmonica™,"I really like how well this game was made so far with only one dev. I like challenging survival games, and Unturned isn't one of them. I've spent 3000 hours playing on Unturned and I've played 17 hours on Subsistence. I guarantee you Subsistence is 10 times harder to survive. I highly recommend it, but keep in mind it's still in development.In general, I only have one dislike, but that's mostly a personal preference. I don't like how the game puts me on edge because I need to watch everywhere I go. I like to rush things, so I don't like how I can't stop being cautious because then I'll die."
,Recommended,418030,26901006,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,D0G,This game has me hooked.Yes it does need work but .. It has huge potential and all by a lone Developer.This Game has you on your toes. A real Challenge at last in a survival gameTHESE ANIMALS KILL!  and the chickens run fast.it takes time to achieve things but it is so rewarding to do so.Take your time and dont rush in. build and live wisely to survive.Reccomended if you like a real challenge.
,Recommended,418030,26610211,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Mordiguy,Great game totally woth the money
76561198173967043,Recommended,418030,26419796,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Blackwidow,"I really like this game. The way you have to forge and collect items etc to survive. Its not too hard once you start getting the hang of it. I love to buld and craft items and this game gives you different things to make your place unique. Like others have been posting a bow and arrow would be really cool to have. Planting crops etc does take alittle longer to harvest( more  different seeds would be cool to have).  Fishing would be fun  and another way to get and collect water besides the bags with the water bottles in some lol. With the bears and wolves, they give you growl warnings before they come after you which is good lol. For the hunters there not too bad if you avoid them or shoot them if theres only one(but would be nice to see the animals also going after them too)Its a nice game, and hopefully multiplayer will be added soon. Would be cool to play with friends and family to team up against the hunters and animals, and wortking together to survive."
76561198118445653,Recommended,418030,28220516,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Rick Grimes,This is a pretty cool game for the price. If the developer keeps going in the direction that's he's heading. Also this is alpha so if bugs and glitches bother you. You might want to wait. However I haven't found to many yet.
76561198151801617,Recommended,418030,28854084,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Space4Ace,"This is a nice game, brutal early on but it gets much better. It now has the option to remove the hunters, which helps when starting a new game.I originally game this game a bad review, but I gave it more time and I'm now loving it. This can only get better, and I have full confidence in ColdGames, which is the solo creator of this game, kudos for all the great work on this."
76561198321886490,Recommended,418030,27765146,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Kohaku,"I've played this game for 16hrs now. So far i'm really addicted to this game, the graphics and really good, everything is very well made, their are some features i would like to see like a weather cycle, and maybe more building blocks for bases, and the one thing id really love to see is river's and lakes added to the map, for another way to obtain water as well from rain. I know its early access, but so far the dev has done an amazing job please keep up the great work, I look forward to the futre work you will do for the game Cheers!!"
76561198130320429,Recommended,418030,27598887,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,SignalHill,cant wait for more progress on this game.YOU are doing an awesome jbo. really enjoying it thank you!!!keep uo the good work.
76561198077485284,Recommended,418030,27546445,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ッ Lowzor ッ ✯╾━╤デ╦︻✯,This game is so cool can't wait for Multiplayer!!!I enjoyed every moment of it :)
76561198166931762,Recommended,418030,27599441,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,vmurray3009,Love this game!! Challenging in some aspects besause of the wild animals and hunter. I was not fond of the hunters at first but as time went on and my resourses improved I found it easier to deal with them on a day to day basis. I appriciate how involved the creater of the game is and how he listens to what the players wants and needs are. The game is constantly growing which bring new element to the game weekly. Defininitly recommended!!
76561198066962312,Recommended,418030,26433413,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Hydrazombie,"all you devs could learn a thing or two from this magnificent game maker, even as a early access it blows the doors of some full released games, i would have shelled out 20 or even 30 smackers for this game we got it at a bargain price can't wait for multiplayer update hopefully theres PVE lone wolf or coop and PVP. the AI chickens are smart if you chase them they will run you straight of a cliff breaking you legs or into the waiting mouth of a wolf or bear"
76561197975181090,Recommended,418030,26440002,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,jfox000,"So far I am really impressed with this game, the mechanics are simple yet encompus most of the things you need to survive.  The graphics are quite good I have not run into any glitches as of yet and the map is just big enough to explore without getting to lost in your travel. All in all I would rate this a great game to lose yurself in for a few hours a day."
,Recommended,418030,26431371,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,""".""Space"".""",Good game. Has alot of potential.
76561197993011965,Recommended,418030,26432779,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,LastAmerican,"For an early access survival game, this is satisfying my need right now. Gotta eat your meat and veggies, drink plenty of water, and watch out for the bears and wolves! Im looking forward to watching this game unfold!"
,Recommended,418030,26433424,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Cha Risma,"Nice game, Survive, Build a home, go through any terrains....... and chased by Bears"
,Recommended,418030,26438056,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,IHateMyLife,"This is a very well constructed survival game, until you have a home (or wall with a keypad on it) you really need to keep your wits sharp and make the right moves. Getting lost or killed can result in having to completely start over, so be sure to try and get a sense of direction! The only flaw that really sticks out to me, is the abundance of wolves/bears. There is simply too many, let alone the shortage of ammunition and defense you have against them. In all, this is a very nice work in progress (by 1 developer!) and cannot wait to see what upcoming patches will bring. Highly reccomended for those willing to spend time to build, develop, and survive."
76561198036774837,Recommended,418030,26442307,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Joey,me liky very noice
76561198155644683,Recommended,418030,26450370,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,HurleyL39,"Extremely Amazing worth every penny.Great gameplay and the solo dev is improving it daily.PROS- Building and in game progress-combat-dev support-graphics-CORE GAMEPLAYCons-There arent really anyWHY?Because its extremely early development I want to see a city or something to add interest into where your going.I want a way to craft nails and everything else like cassing and gunpowder that stuff. I also want to see what the devs talked about already doing adding content and not only content but more to craft and progress with power. I want to have a difficulty meter. Now even if 0 of what I WANT, I me as an individual want. Even if none of it gets furfilled and he creates exactly what he wants I WILL BE HAPPY. he has done amazing so for and hes doing amazing. If your interested it is worth a buy."
76561197982340364,Recommended,418030,26683891,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,=OTC= EWayneD66,"Challenging single person play.  I seem to be always on edge, and ready to jump out of my chair.   Impressed with the level of detail and thought put into this game."
76561198025883210,Recommended,418030,26680461,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Yatoube38,This game is a very good games of survival.He deserves to be among the best survival games. I hope soon power player in cooperation with my friends in multiplayer I also think that it can already annocer an official release in summer 2017 I benefit Also to propose to the developers my candidatures to report the various expectations of French players.In any case know that I support you to the maximum for your games cordially yatoube38
,Recommended,418030,27806198,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,oscblade,"This is a very fun game so far and I look forward to the finished product and hope more people support this game. Things that I think are great about the game are its building machanics, gameplay and realism. I like how you cant just run around and shoot animals since it takes a few shots to kill them and they are fast and strong. I like the building its pretty good though I hope for more iteams like a compass. I also look forward to pvp and maybe pve coplay."
76561198291988339,Recommended,418030,34892102,Posted: 11 September,all,BoFaDeezNutz,"I Am Addicted to subsistence! I have Nearly 30 Hours played. This Game Is Amazing! If You Like Open World, Survival Games This Game By Far Is THE BEST OUT There! Some Things That I Would Like To See In The Game Would Be Different Wildlife And Fishing! Maybe Even like Some Camouflage For Bases And Weapons."
76561198008536512,Recommended,418030,26423350,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Steve,"Game looks nice and has alot of potential, being EA it will be sometime before its realy anything, currently, spawn in walk around die from wolf or bear every 10 yards. thats about it."
76561198252459566,Recommended,418030,26364926,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Bloodstalker101,"This Game has some great potential.  Even at the current state the game is really fun.  It is true survival, so protip...don't try and rambo a Bear right off the bat!  Once you get going and the NPC's start showing up...All's i can say is the AI is very well done.  When you realize that one person has been working on this game while working a full time job...Mad Props.  It is definitley worth the Price."
76561198164422260,Recommended,418030,28336413,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Stone,"So, I'm not much on leaving reviews for games, But when I come across a good game that has great features already after just coming out, I usually will take the time to leave a good honest review with some future recommendations.For starters this game is amazing, the graphics are very nice, the smoothness of the game play is on its on level (as in I havent played one thats close to it yet) The aspect of the game is on point, the survival in the woods, looking for loot and avoiding danger. I play miscreated (A survival game) and its pretty good, but its starting to head towards the DayZ Bull****. This game is early enough to change the future outcome of it.Pros:- Smooth gameplay- The Developer is awesome, stays on top of the game. always takes in consumers feedback and updates frequently!- The basebuilding is unbeatable ( especially how the parts snap into each other to ensure that they are touching)- The crafting is top of the line ( especially with all of the neat stuff you can craft)- The survival system, such as food and health is prettty realistic (Protein, Fruit and Vegs, Water)- Weather system is real, as in, if you dont have a fire or clothes on, you will begin to hurt from being cold.- Big Map Size- Solid Gun physics- Wood Chopping still amazes me at how nice and smooth the developer made it run.- The amount of stuff to do will keep you busy for days- The option that you can play just solo on your own against predators and AI hunters is awesome (Hard, but awesome)- a marker on screen that lets you know where your base is.Cons:-So far I cant say I have anything negative to say about the game, It did just come out a few months ago and even with that being said, I still cant find anything negative about it... Mayve a couple tweaks to the current game settings but thats it.Future Recommendations:::::-Keep the ability to play solo, or make it to where you can invite up to 4 friends into a game and that will be you and your friends ""Campaign""-Please dont change this to a multiplayer based game, it will absoulutely ruin it. if it is going that way hopefully the comment above will happen also. because playing this online with base raiders and people who consantly kill you just for fun would make this game fall right into place with the S***** DAYZ type games.- Adjust the AI accuracy and their health ( if he can take 6-9mm shots to the face, so should I) this neeeds some improvement forsure- The amount of bears and wolfs should be reduced a little, its impossible to get to boxes to loot them because everyone of them is surrounded by animals, which take 2 or 3 pistol magizines to kill, so if you dont have a gun you will die, there is no getting away from them.- there also needs to be some adjusting on where the AI hunters build their bases because, As of right now, I have 3 AI hunters that all have built their base right on top of mine,(SO WHEN I WALK OUT MY DOOR, ITS A GUARANTEED SHOOT OUT FROM THE START)  my only hope is to out run them because they drop the knee and take a crouched stance, two shots later, im deadI BELIEVE THATS ALL I CAN THINK OF, BUT LIKE I SAID BEFORE THIS GAME IS WELL WORTH THE MONEY AND TIME! HOPE THIS INFORMATION CAN HELP SOMEONE.!!"
76561198190957043,Recommended,418030,26740670,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,SpinFire,"Great Game, Worth the Buy. Plus the Dev support is amazing for being one man team. Map needs to be bigger with some settlements through out map, AI Factions, Fishing. ATV or something for quick transportation.Really needs more weapons & realisitc weapon upgrades like Scopes/ Grips/ Stock/ Barrels etc. Nice if there was tents for basebuilding also ingame map editor for more creative playthrough."
,Recommended,418030,34914267,Posted: 12 September,all,CALoudermilk,"I've never cared much for survival games. I'm more of a fan of exploration. But this game in particular is fantastic. The scenery is beautiful. The building mechanics aren't too bad either. I mostly enjoy it for the foraging and building aspects. I can't wait to see what else the developers add. 10/10 good time waster type of game, IMO"
76561198126083044,Recommended,418030,26640126,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,diuran42,"Initial impression:  Huge learning curve.  There's a number of things that are aggravating about this game, but it has a good foundation.  I like that it's hard, I like that there's no instructions.  Main frustration comes from things like, ""why do I have to make sticks from logs I chopped when there's tons of scraggly bushes around that would be awesome to get sticks from?""  ""Why can't I make a lockpick, or nails, from the scrap metal I collected?""  ""Why isn't there a map function.""  ""Why don't we even get an arrow to point us towards our body (some kind of help in not losing everything).""Can't do things the way I want to and have to learn what the game allows us to do.So far it's worth the effort."
76561198122318650,Recommended,418030,27884254,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,MasterKev666,awesome game even when it is still in early access.
76561198342979186,Recommended,418030,28127693,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Whinecorker,"A very excellent game, ColdPlay (the developer... and a one man show!) has absolutely got something with the design of this game.  Love the environment with its interactive feel, beautiful vistas and amazing sunsets.  Subsistence is in early stages of development and I am looking forward what comes next.  Time management and resource utilization/prioritization being paramount.  You will occasionally have the crap scared out of you too, when walking/running over a hill and come face-to-face with a bear or wolf.  For an old time game tester in the QA Lab of Broderbund Software... this definitely isn't ""Where is Carmen San Diego."""
76561198259973053,Recommended,418030,28770596,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,CrazyOger419,cant wait till you guys add the controller option for all controllers then everyone can choose to use an xbox controller or a keyboard that would be awesome
76561198010313974,Recommended,418030,28777854,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,DarkBliss,"In all honesty, this game has a lot of potential. If you're looking for a survival game where you're likely to die between days 1 and 3 via wolf or bear (before getting a base built) than definitely give it a spin. Starting off is really annoying, not going to lie. It starts off similar to Rust, in that you spawn mostly naken, with an axe, glowstick and pair of pants. Unlike Rust though, you do begin with a 9mm and 8 rounds. Until you establish a base, that is. Aftwe which time, you no longer start with a gun when you respawn. All in all, it's definitely worth picking up, but don't expect a solid ""10"" from the get go."
,Recommended,418030,28840619,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,EmyL,"It's early access, but it's a GOOD one. Yeah, there are some things we need, but they will come by time.I can see this become a great survival game if the dev keep working on it. And 100% more great if we get to survive with some friends!"
76561198252284990,Recommended,418030,28894560,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Mr.Sokolov,"First of all matches, please make them easier to find, or add a new way to start fires. i played for just over two hours, and only found 2 matches, 90% of my time was running around looking for loot bags to find matches so i wouldnt freeze at night, only to freeze at night because matches are seeming to be harder to find than crazy amounts of bullets metal computer chip looking things, i cant even survive the night. Also one more thing is I feel that protien drops super fast. I dont know if this is due to running or chopping trees or just a standard rate of drop. It wouldnt be so bad if i could find enough matches to cook food to last a little bit. This being said, its a great game. Despite the constant dying from cold exposure at night, its a great deal of fun and i look forward to seeing where you can take this game! Keep up the good work."
76561198313926635,Recommended,418030,28993789,Posted: 3 January,all,QueenCorpse,"I really like this game. It reminds me of Rust, which I have about 500 hours into, but there is a lot more to do with the base building and all of the other items that can be crafted. The game is very difficult but once you figure out the mechanics it is fun. The developer also just implemented an easy, normal and hard mode so you can take it at a slower pace if normal is too difficult. The more I play the more I think about items that could be added - traps for chickens and rabbits that could be baited, a skinning knife that could give you slightly better results instead of using the hatchet - one or two extra pieces of meat/fat/cloth (like the pickax works better than the hatchet on ore), a backpack that you could maybe craft a beacon for so that if you die you can find your gear a little better, a flash light, the ability to upgrade wood base pieces to iron/scrap metal, more guns/weapons, a spear or bow and arrow that could also be used to hunt, body armor. I hope that the developer keeps adding new content!"
76561198271601746,Recommended,418030,29029452,Posted: 5 January,all,chickensquat1,"its an excellant game but dont get me wrong, the predatory animals which is a bear and a wolf do not see the ai hunters. Once i was being chased by two bears and i knew i was dead but i saw a ai hunter and thought that if i lead the bears to him then they will kill him after me but no. i died seeing the two bears standing upright next to the hunter which ruined it for me and hopfully the creators fix because that will be a win for me and other players with my problem"
76561198038487991,Recommended,418030,29074995,Posted: 6 January,all,Fortyfivesouth,This is my second review ever just dont write them unless game is worthy and this one is .Its a very hard  game and the grind is hard as well but not to over the top.If you like crafting games and survival games this is it. Please remember that the game is not finished yet and from what ive heard its the work of a single man but in saying that so far has kept the updates regular and i hope he keeps it that way as I feel this game could have a lot off potential and would be sad if it eventuates to nothing. So in on word BUY this game
76561198008597704,Recommended,418030,29144676,Posted: 9 January,all,MYTACO,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=salqJjv5e9EI like the game so far but see for yourself and experiece the game before you buy it
,Recommended,418030,29287708,Posted: 15 January,all,ViralGamer,"This game is so addictive!  In the past 24 hours, I have spent 17 trying desperately to avoid bears and wolves.  Though, not for the faint of heart, or for anyone who does not enjoy the agony of defeat.  This game is for those who find joy in the small things, like matches and gunpowder.  And by the way, the only thing worse than a bear in front of you and only 3 shotgun shells, is one behind you that is being very sneaky.Just a few things I'd add or change.  I would like a way to know how many days I have survived.  Like a knife you can use to carve hashes in a tree or something.  Also, traps.  Maybe I just haven't reached the right level yet or something, but being able to make snares or something would be nice.  So, I can make a fridge and a nuclear power plant, but no snare?  LOL.And who is dropping all the goodies every morning like Moses', wilderness mana from heaven.  I never knew what mana was until now.  It's obviously shotgun shells and gunpowder.  Duh!Would also be nice to have some instructions early on, like a survival book or some such.And finally, plain old steps, just three steps.  I made my first foundation too high and now I have to jump to get in my one bed apartment.Great Game!  Kudos to you."
,Recommended,418030,29380211,Posted: 20 January,all,NVyusGG | Twitch,"Subsistence is intense. With 25 hours in, thus far, right now, I've had to restart and create new saves just to fully understand the mechanics of the animals and hunters. My most recent save, I have a 2 story cabin with all the resources I need. Albeit, continueing to search for resources is a must because as scarce as they can be, things are expensive to build and craft. With that said, I turned Hunters off for several days to get what I felt I needed so I didn't have to worry about them. Turn Hunters back on and within the first 3-4 days, 4 hunters moved in and are building bases within windows view from my second floor! Word to the wise, don't turn hunters off and on. If you turn them off and then turn them on later, they will double in numbers wheither your ready or not! It can be overwhelming.Anyways, this game is great! A 1 man team created this game and with everything there is to do and continue to do with this game is absolutely amazing. I hope this game continues to grow and a community to reinforce the efforts into making this one of the best, hardcore, survival games of 2017!Multiplayer coming soon! If you're getting bored of the AI hunters, just you wait. Soon, you will be able to face off with and against human players. That should add some challenge into the mix.Even without multiplayer, this game is great with the predators and hunters you have to deal with while gathering much needed resources to survive in Subsistence."
76561198307633370,Recommended,418030,31086780,Posted: 11 April,all,alfredstorm559,"I have played Subsistence four the last 3 days and all i can say is this game is awsome! it has so much to do to keep you going and growing. I dont yous the AI,s though maybe they will make them hunter traders option to in the future. and i heard on you tube that a oil pump may be in the works that would be a big plus. but nun the less this is a awsome game and worth buying. 5 stars to the makers of this game it can only get better and better in time thanks."
,Recommended,418030,31892581,Posted: 21 May,all,Bottleneck,I rushed a man with an axe while he switched from a bow to a pistol to a shotgun.And won.
,Recommended,418030,32087605,Posted: 31 May,all,HEliX oz,"Solamente he jugado 20 horas, pero tengo que dar un review ya que el juego solamente tiene un dev y el a hecho un excelente trabajo. Hay muchos juegos que tienen más de diez dev, lo cual nunca encuentran la forma correcta para llevar al éxito un juego. Este dev, que solamente es uno a hecho un excelente trabajo. El juego tiene unas gráficas buenísimas, el movimiento de personaje es fluido, el nivel de supervivencia es balanceado. Ahora mismo el juego no tiene una variedad enorme de materiales para construir, pero es bastante divertido buscar materiales, sobrevivir a los animales, en este caso oso y lobo. El dev con el tiempo debe de poner más variedad de peligro y más para construir(hizo un update hace poco para añadir más para construir). El juego es un early acces, uno bien manejable, recomiendo el juego en su totalidad."
,Recommended,418030,32274177,Posted: 8 June,all,GMO Freedom,"A Challenging and entertaining survival game - but Why??This game is well made and entertaining, though it is CLEARLY in early development (just look at the third person camera). However, the biggest question nagging mme the entire time throughout this game is ""Why?""Starting with the biggest one:Why am I trying to survive here?Unlike many games, (7DTD, The Forest, The Long Dark, Etc.) there is no discernible reason why your character has found himself in the wilderness, and why he is trying to survive. No zombies, No apocalypse, no killers chasing you, no being stranded after an airplane crash landing, no EMP disaster, nothing.Presumably, you're just chilling in the hills, hunting, and also occasionally killing other hunters, because reasons.Fun as hell game, and it will challenge you, but i really hope there's a bit of backstory or plausibility added to this otherwise great start of a game."
,Recommended,418030,32379635,Posted: 12 June,all,BrucelilWayne,Really great survival game. Love it
,Recommended,418030,28548021,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Aeryn Suun,"Great game, looking forward to the full release."
76561198076462983,Recommended,418030,28553484,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Corsa Plays,i like the gameits hard but fun at the same time.thums up from me
,Recommended,418030,28699701,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Cricket Soldier=VX9=,"I put 8 hours into the game to give it a shot and I have enjoyed most of it. I usually don't play single player survival games unless there is a upcoming update for multiplayer/coop. Initial impressions of the game are that it is either missing quite a bit of content or it is awaiting content. So far I have enjoyed my time in the game and look forward to the addition of future content/multiplayer modes. For the money this game is in my opinion worth it. If you are looking for a more developed survival game I would suggest rust (for those that want pvp action) or Ark: Survival Evolved (if you are looking for lots of content). If you are going to pick up this game, I would suggest reading the guide written by b4rt, it has good tips on starting and making your experience more enjoyable as opposed to the trial and failure I went through."
,Recommended,418030,28732644,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Chuggy,"The game is really well put together for a early access game, however still along way to go. the game show a very good potential. i mean its not your typical survial game as your not fighting Zombies. you are fighting the wilderness. you stuggling to find enough resources, food is a hard streach. i mean there is alot of balancing needed to be down such as the animals attack strength. the game is in early access for a reason though, that is to iron out the mistakes and inbalances, before the sole creator releases it as a full game.Pros:You get drawn into the game, because the game is always keeping you on your toes.Building a base is rewarding and satifying.The AI do not have aimbot like ARMA 3 AICons:Pick Locks are really expensive for when you start out. you need them to get a big reward but sometimes it doesnt amount of valve as the pick lock.Animals to my liking are to strong to the 9mm pistol that you start with but i guess it add to the survival aspect.loot Varies with new worlds, i have had two worlds, one was hard to find loot. the other its pouring out my ears. first one i couldnt find a single nail. the other one i had 160 nails after the first day.No Multiplayer At the moment, but hear the developer is working on thatMap size is a bit small. Hoping for a Expansive before Multiplayer and Multiplayer too come out quickly as me and my friends enjoy the game alotNever the less the game shows great promise, and the developer shows determination to make a good game, hes been working with a youtuber called GameEdged for 10 months before the game was release to get the game in a good enough state for it to be greenlighted and put onto steam and gave gameedge steam keys to give away to people which would further progess the game into the special game that every survival gamer will enough. showing that the developer really want to go far with this gameI would recommend purchasing the game and trying it out. its fun and intense to player. you can always refund it if you dont enjoy.GO ON, why you still reading this. Buy the Game, watch a youtube video on the game so you know what you are doing then go from there. HAVE FUN"
76561198007365395,Recommended,418030,28838693,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Sigurd,After playing this game for a few hours I have this to say. It is a rough diamond. Meaning it is a good game with potential of greatness. I have died respawned died again. But each time I learned something new. Its a game you want to explore and enjoy.
76561198064302970,Recommended,418030,28913755,Posted: 1 January,all,Elpximso 3.95$ Inv,"First of all, people writing negative reviews are people who have played max an hour, and blaims the ""bad"" ai for ruining this game. This game is a WIP, early acces call it what you want, but its amazing. It is brutal and you will have to watch some tutorials or gameplays, but when you understand what you have to do, its just about to get fun. Back to people giving bad reviews, i saw alot of people clocking in 0.5, 0,8 1,1 hours into this game, saying it was made by a 12 year old, that the AI was the worst, saying they bought a survival game not a runing simulator. This game is made by ONE!!!! man(so far) give him some space, people today have no idea how hard it is to make a game. The AI is ofcourse wanky, its early acces. I havnt seen a survival game where you didnt have to run at some points, the challange is to survive in this game, if you dont run you ♥♥♥♥ing die, would you stand still in real life looking at a bear trying to eat the ♥♥♥♥ out of you? nope.So give this game a chance, it has crazy potential to be one of the best survival games out there."
,Recommended,418030,28966135,Posted: 2 January,all,Bushy,Awesome up and coming survival gameGreat game mechanics and itemsJust the right balance of all things100% recomend for the price
,Recommended,418030,28968380,Posted: 2 January,all,Dying Tickles,"Survival game where you venture into the wilderness and try to survive from bears, wolves and other hunters. Crafting system is kinda small, the game kinda dead ends when you build/upgrade everything, and there is no real way of navigating in the game (no map or compass). The game is still fun and seems to have potential, once you get into the swing of it all.As of this edit the dev has made some interesting changes, and seems dedicated to the game. Lets hope that is the case.The difficulty levels are nice, but the penalties for dying do not seem to be any more lenient at the easy level.I give a recommend but a cautious one, because some people might get turned off by the limited content.Another big issue most people might have with this game is the fact that when they die they will have no way of finding all their stuff in their inventory that dropped. Also the corpse box is WAY smaller than any other chest in the game which are all pretty difficult to find in all that high grass. I still say a marker for players corpses is needed, at least for the ""easy"" mode setting."
,Recommended,418030,28980072,Posted: 3 January,all,Dread,Want a hardworking active communicating dev... look no further!BUY THIS GAME!
76561198071204973,Recommended,418030,29055628,Posted: 6 January,all,usamattman,"Honest Review: Subsistence is one of those games that I see going places. One guy is making this game and is really developing something a AAA company would be developing. Now its not perfect, im not a fan of the RNG loot to survive. But in hopes this changes in the future I'd give Subsistence a 8.5/10."
76561198123513532,Recommended,418030,29280291,Posted: 15 January,all,AJmcswagmuffin,"This is by far the best survival game I have played by myself. There are a few things that bug me like the plastic looking player view model but the graphics are so good and there is zero screen lag, this game is so unique, think of it this way the game is what old rust SHOULD have been! I want to see this game blow up and get big.This part goes out to the developer, I know youre working on creating multiplayer, do not give up because I so far have at least 5 friends who are waiting to buy when multiplayer comes out, as soon as the game is playable with friends sales will hopefully skyrocket"
76561197983925363,Recommended,418030,29391916,Posted: 20 January,all,General-Lee-God,"Hello,i will give a feedback to developer before playing the new update.1. i would appreciate if there would be more to build e.g. collect sand and make glass of it, then build something made of glass. as idea in the future, walls of glass for looking in the world from my base.2. but more important is buildable vehicles, little buggys or such and little bikes for even if they would look as crap but drivable to get more arround, this would become more important when map will be bigger to explore. in the future maybe vehicles tunable or updatable with parts or things to find in the would. and with usable trunk to get more things to base back.AND to this idea it would also be nice if i could produce a backpack out of fiber to loot and get more things back home.3. the oven could work longer with wood as well as the generator with fuel. i am collecting all the time to get them run.4. for wood building there could be more nails in looting boxes and/or the production of nails could be easier. some recources are difficult to find and then only a few. so there is only too less of it for nails. the same for fiber, i cannot find so much to produce enough rope for walls and bottom parts for my home. some recources of mountains as in reality would get of rocks are also hard to find as iron parts f. e.5. is it a failure that when i build the basebox and after that a generator, that the basebox doesnt produce energy and mass anymore? standing alone it produced both, slowly but it worked. since i built generators and massproduction the basemodul stopped producing.6. i like the idea to cooperate with npc. maybe as a faction settling in and marked as friendly/ neutral so they dont fight first. a simple dialog for parting in or get them to the own base would be good. so they could be the guardian of my own base or collect wood, fiber so far, as AI friends and help. this would be nice in singleplayer and for more social part.7. ALSO important, i have no map, and if there should be one, i cannot open it. there also should be a compass to find things better or get home easier. a map would be fine with editing checkpoint ability/ making markers on the map with discription or markers only would be fine and a compass.8. And another things:jump over the night when using bed as option.and when dying it would be good to begin again near the dead body because of the chest to loot and get things back. the first times when began to play i started new again and again and lost everything again and again. this could some players get started again and others dont play again and last a negative review.last .. did good work and i hope this will go so in the future. i like this game and there is much potential for the future. so i see forward. never the less good work!i forgot another thing:belonging to wild animals, it would be good if there would be cages in maybe 2 up to 4 sizes so i could catch animals and kill later or make them to pets. so they work as guardian, riding on a bear (would be unreal riding a wolf) or let them follow (maybe as mobile guardian for the player) to fight for the player. there should be than an option to heal them with parts as usual. maybe other animals follow like wild horses, eagle, owl, wild pigs and deer, maybe elk on rocks. those birds could also fight for player, horse to ride, deer and pigs for meet and so on.and another idea, more weapons, maybe a bow/ crossbow or both. it could easily be made of wood and rope as it is now in the game.10.03.17: i like it very much, that the developer is so close to the community and does updates often, even if there are only few things and no big updates. But things the community told issues or had wishes and the developer hears it and changes fast. Short words fast support from developer. Many players would wish it for over games too..."
76561198351459469,Recommended,418030,29401074,Posted: 21 January,all,ranelightborne,"Awesome Game, Challenging but fun."
,Recommended,418030,30025350,Posted: 18 February,all,123,"Starting this game was pretty brutal, took me 3-4 tries before I managed to build my base comand unit and it was frustrating, but it was survival. Soul-crushing survival.Finally i've got a base set up, but the fun doesn't stop there. Any second your not careful, anytime you're running around with more loot than you know you should, when you head into a gunfight with another hunter underprepared, when you try to grab that crate thats just a little to close to that bear over there... you knew you shouldn't, and bam, you're dead again. Sometimes you're lucky enough to find your stuff before it disappears, sometimes your an idiot and lose multiple guns and most of you ammo, and that's just the way it is. Time to go on another supply run. The map isn't huge but just large enough to get you lost for a good while, there are no buildings for landmarks, only the fence that serves as the maps bounderies and the bases you and your enemy hunters create.After putting a good chunk of time into this game, and getting the hang of things it can be very zen-like, and the ability to disable the AI Hunters allows you to make the game just you vs. nature if thats what you're looking for. Having the ability to build multiple bases is awesome, and the creator of the game seems to really care for it and updates frequently. The game is beautiful, find myself consistantly returning to this game to continue my survival journey,  build up my base, and see what new things have been added. Definately one of my favorite survival games, and worth paying the full price to support the developer who repays players with consistant updates and honestly just a really great game."
76561198053399195,Recommended,418030,30072774,Posted: 20 February,all,sybekss,"Good graphics and smooth gameplay, however i have a few suggestions which i am sure have already been addressed or covered:1. Weather effects please2. hatchet should do some dps or even punching, be nice to shoot animal with arrow or 2 and still have chance to killl it with hatchet etc..3. Ai raiding bases would be amazing, i am sure this would be very difficult to codeAnyhow great game !"
76561198057317276,Recommended,418030,30519518,Posted: 14 March,all,Platinumhits,"I don't play games much, but this one is definitely an acception. I am a Chemical Engineering student and I rarely have time for much of anything outside of school. However, when I do, I love to come and play Subsistence. I found the game extremely challenging during the first hours of having it. I died over 20 times, losing all of the items that I had gathered each time, and it made me want to call it quits. Fortunately, I kept on trying and finally established a base and got a good hold of the game. Now, I play it whenever I can and I love it.Don't get me wrong, the game can be very challenging, but once you get a grip, it is pretty smooth and super rewarding for your efforts. ColdGames constantly updates the game with great new features. I check on the updates every once in a while and become really excited to find there are new aspects. I look forward to many more things from this game. Thanks a lot for your efforts, it is much appreciated. I look forward to future development!"
,Recommended,418030,30758016,Posted: 26 March,all,Blackhawks,"My Review For SubsistencePositivesGraphicsBuilding AspectCrafting ( Simple to Understand )Gives you time to learn the game before hunters join in.Animals don't attack off the bat, they warn you.NegativesI have seen many people talk about how hard fiber is ( for a new person it probably will be a little rough to spot ) Fiber-Blueberries do look pretty similiar and will be a little hard to look for in the beginning. I noticed the longer i am playing the easier it is for me to find fiber though.I get it we need to hunt in a game, but I start with a 9mm and i shoot a bunny and it lives? ( I havent tried the bow yet, but if the bow 1 shots a bunny and if the 9mm doesnt... oh boy. )OverallI haven't played much of the gameyet, but from what i have played so far the game is seeming to be fun itsalways hard to give an accurate review of how good a game is in Alpha - Beta( since it is not done ).  But reviewing this game I would say It is very interesting and for the price Its worth it from my perspective as down the road will be multiplayer ( pvp/pve ) but solo alone is very fun and im not normally a singleplayer type person. I will be diving into this game more often."
76561198360329027,Recommended,418030,31058779,Posted: 10 April,all,cryomorphogenic,it's a good game for early access I did enjoy the game. but it need some improvent for the rifle by Adding a new attachment such as scope and reduce the recoil. I've got a hard time killing the hunters with the rifl
,Recommended,418030,31141160,Posted: 14 April,all,noah.phense,"By far, one of the best survival game I've ever played.  I see MP is coming.  I have zero interest in that.  I hope that ColdGames keeps primary focus on SP and let's that bleed over into MP.  MP games come and go, but having a bada$$ SP game will always have a place in the market.  Cheers!"
76561198377111082,Recommended,418030,31403629,Posted: 27 April,all,mj_palmieri_4_20_84,"This game is fun once you figure everything out.As a fan of open world Build, survival, build games i got to say this is not bad for the price. its fun if only after you build your first base the one downside is there are fwe if any drop box's in my opinion there should be more as i played 3 days without a drop. I suvived cause i hunted down bears. I cant wait for Multiplayer...Get this game"
,Recommended,418030,33910106,Posted: 30 July,all,JeSuis LeFromage,"A pretty good game with an active developer. As long as he keeps at it and polishes this game off it'll be a great game.The game is easy to shoot down when you first start, as you're left with little direction. Pay attention to the hints in the menus! Previously I had only played it for 83 minutes but then last night after getting passed the first night without dying I played for 9 hours straight (Despite what my steam profile says, apparently I was offline)Since I feel pros are really up to the individual I'll instead just list the cons:Poor animations, Pressing V enables third person, which just looks terrible lolBase Building can sometimes be glitchyAnimals are EVERYWHERE (avoid them)Resources are a little hard to find, which makes the game very time consuming with little reward. Over the long term it's worth it though."
76561198064791137,Recommended,418030,26666115,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Lorca,"Rarely do I download games since I like to buy retail games and this is actually my first time ever I buy an ""early access"" game on Steam. I saw a game play video of Subsistence on YouTube and the game click with me. I wanted to play it. So far the game is brutal in the beginning but I LOVE it that way. I like survival games where you feel vulnerable and not like a tourist who's strolling about without much worry. The game has a lot of potential to be more than what it is right now. I hope in the future the dev will add more animals to kill, a bigger map with ponds/rivers, caves/ruins where you can salvage rare items that can't be found somewhere else. Also, I hope in the future the dev adds more construction items because right now we have just the basics like floors, walls, roof, etc. As for bandit ai, I hope the dev implement an occasional bandit raid at your home and if you die during the raid, they will take over the place and you have to make your way back to your home and reclaim it.Anyways, good game for an early access. Good luck to the dev! I'm looking forward to future updates!"
76561198011647182,Recommended,418030,26738777,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Reaverdown,"I am really digging this game, I have played a lot of the survival games.  I like this one a lot its got a really good base to play from, great starting graphics, good animations, the game play is decent but I expect that to evolve with the game.  Base building in the game is PRIMO!!!  One of the best aspect of the game and I like building that is what will draw me to a game faster than anything, rounded edges as far as the games I have played so far is clearly a successful 1st!  There are a few draw backs though... with good there is always bad.  The game play leaves a lot to be desired, no quest or starting learing quests to get to know the game, the animals are WAY overpowered compared to the weapons you are given, you would think a bow and arrrows are a staple in ANY survival game... not here.  If I smash an axe into a wolves head I am thinking if its not dead it would not keep jumping at me, a bear on the other hand throw the axe and run like a girl (best option).  Last of my gripes, PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE put in a corpse/death crate locator!  I know this is a survival game but man I have literally quit playing the game because I am out running around trying to make boards and find nails to run over a hillside nose to nose with a wolf that I cant kill with my axe have to turn and run and die and NEVER find my crate OR just make it so the crates don't despawn and allow other players or the npc's to collect it.  Either way at least I would not lose all my hard work... when you have to resort to running around for 5 minutes then running back to base to crate your loot every that really cuts into the playability of the game for me at least.  Would I recommend this game to anyone HELL YES!!!! All I have to say developers listen to your audience they will make or break you guys!!!  I have over 1400 hours another survival game *cough*ark*cough* and I would still be playing that if they would make more interesting content and game play!!!  KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK AND IF YOUR READING THIS BUY THE GAME!!! I have shown this to a bunch for my friends and family and everyone is craving it."
,Recommended,418030,26821796,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Me And Myself,i nominated this dev for the steam awards.....i think this says it all*i'm currently awaiting multiplayer*7-29-17
76561198085796497,Recommended,418030,27738038,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,★,"BEARRRRR ALWAYS WITH THE BEARRRRRRRRRR T^T but still, is a good game. Bear-you should try it out."
76561198047480198,Recommended,418030,27739849,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Gramz,"Yes. Yes. And Yes. Some small bugs, and bad performance to start, but it's early access and I still run around 30 fps atm without optimizing the .ini file. It's a beautifully put together survival game, and fits in it's own niche in the genre. I love the way everything feels, and how balanced it really seems, even when the hunters do one shot you in the head sometimes. There's nothing more exciting than that adrenaline rush when you get snuck up on and start getting shot at by an actual threat of an AI. A pretty pissy bug I ran into set me back quite a bit, and I really wish bleeding wasn't so OP, but you can always come back from a death and loss of gear. I'm now running around in almost all of the high tier gear, and it feels awesome. Make sure you don't die on top of a foundation that you can't see underneath, that spells an automatic death sentence for your gear. I bought this and Empyrion at the same time, and I've been sinking most of my time into this over Empyrion. I honestly can't wait for MP."
,Recommended,418030,27740713,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,MAJORLEE-HUNG,Great game
76561198178120774,Recommended,418030,27768140,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Rαʊεηh⊙lт,"Well most people would look at this game and say, oh great another eary access game woohoo, but i say this to you. Do you wanna play a game where your not only completely tested on reflexs, skill, and pure action? Well here it is! This game has been a true enjoy from day one when i got it and it has only gotten better as the updates roll in. not only is it one of the best looking early access games i have played but to find out a single developer has been ding all this solo, i say well done sir you are a god among men and keep up the amazing work!"
76561198040361954,Recommended,418030,28346929,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Farfetched G,"loving the game, and it keeps getting better with contanst updates. if you like survival and shooting things give it a try"
76561198332454802,Recommended,418030,28415421,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,lokz19,"i absolutely love this game, i just have a small issue with it . every time i die i respawn with noting even tho it auto saved or even if i load my last saved game i spawn comletely empty and its starting to get a little annoying . but other than that this game is absolutely worth the money . and with its updates and patches i hope it gets fixed in the future."
76561198045261714,Recommended,418030,28428645,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Creature,Awesome game! I would like to see some more craftable items which i'm sure they're on the way.  Perhaps some deer or wild bore.  right now the rabits and chickens aren't worth the hassel to bother with and the wolfs and bears doesn't offer much more than the small game (would be nice to have that changed). no bugs or crashes or lagging bs so that gets a thumbs up and worth every penny. good job
,Recommended,418030,28745017,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Kushman,"it is a great looking game and seems to run flawless played it for awhile, will be really good i think when the multiplayer comes out"
76561198312886026,Recommended,418030,28749889,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Docker,"To the developer!First let me say thank you for the game!I know this is an early access game and probably you already worked hard and I hope you will continue the job.I was happy to see another survival crafting game came up which is not full with some silly creations like zombiees or stuff like that,but....If I can give you advice please check it out some ""bushcraft"" books or videos if you haven`t done yet to make the game to a bit more real.Walking around in the area to find boxes with items is not too real.Some items are ok to find like plastic bag to collect water on different ways or a piece of rug...etc.I think is better to craft them from natural stuff.I didn`t play too much but it was dissapointed you need matches to light a fire or you hit the trees to get 3 pieces from that and no more.I think is better if you can cut them like in Stranded Deep.I hope you didn`t find it offensive my oppinion,I would like to help you to develop further this game!Kind RegardsZsolt"
76561198120824323,Recommended,418030,28789095,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,69Banana69,Hard but good hope to see more of it
,Recommended,418030,28821527,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,dustyuncle,"I""ve bought a lot of these survival games, most of them actually, and this one is my favorite so far. There is something about the simplicity yet beautiful graphics that makes it fun. It's also not overwhelmingly difficult so it has a lot more depth in my opinion."
76561198004698989,Recommended,418030,28876780,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,SpiritWolf76,love the game so does my daughter but we are both having a issue with parts of our buildings vanishing and even some of the other things like storage boxs .. i had 90% of my 2 bases vanish on me incliding mass and electicity storage :( but this is has been happening since the last update and before that the game was awsome (fingers Crossed it will be fixed soon) all in all if fixed i will be buying more coppys
76561198246342546,Recommended,418030,28917898,Posted: 1 January,all,skullnbones17,"needs a ton of work.#1 )first off it takes 100 sec for base comms to pop up after you die,but if this happens while at night your dead due to the cold and because of the timer, you wont have enough time to make it back home.which means if you have alot of its on you ,your most likely going to lose them.and is something so forseeable but the dev cant get this right.facepalm. #2) animal housing) you need more kinds of food in the game like a berry bush you can grow or anything . you only have 4 scavangable types of food in th game ,,,meat , berry, apple, choco, bar.none of then can be grown, but a tomato plant you can,lol. the game is all over the place and half of the stuff doesnt even go together in a way that makes you become sustainable in game. theres alot of stuff need to be added in this game.all in all maybe in the future this game will become better which i hope so, because  the game has alot of good concepts and very fun a playable, but lacks in execution.and this is said buy someone who has played and owns just about every  survival game on steam.  if devs need advise pls hit me up ill be more then happy to give feedback and input to improve the game.  OVERALL  id recommened this game if the dev /devs work alittle more on adding  a few more thing to the game like, (  1# fishing, 2#growing strawberry and blue berry bushes,3# more guns and more hunting weapons like a bow or spear, 4# traps. 5 # and more ways to make light. i could go on but these small add ons will help the game be great."
76561197974801818,Recommended,418030,29072408,Posted: 6 January,all,ZeppyDooDah,"First time playing and I put nearly 12 hours into the game.  I was looking for something that allowed me to grind and not feel instant when crafting and this game has just that.  The game is currently only single player, with the developer working on the multiplayer aspect of the game.  So much to do in the game!  You go around looking for loot boxes, plant fibers, and chopping trees for wood.  Feels a bit like Rust, but optimized better.  Once you get enough to start your base, beware of hunters!  Hunters are AI that move into the area and actually start to build their own base!  You must defend your area as they move toward you to try to eliminate you. I won't ruin too much of this beautiful EA game, but if you are on the fence like I was, purchase this.  There is a slight learning curve and the AI is brutal, but that would make sense in a survival situation, right?"
,Recommended,418030,29096134,Posted: 7 January,all,AxFactor,"Great work so far! I'm liking the look and feel, crafting is fairly simple, although some items are hard to come by as often as needed; but that's also the point sometimes."
76561198146057518,Recommended,418030,29295599,Posted: 16 January,all,darwinrocks80,Have not played this game long however I Enjoy the game I am glad to see there is a future option to play with friends.
,Recommended,418030,30109681,Posted: 22 February,all,eskejp,"If you like open world, survival and a game that needs knowledge in crafting, well you came to the right place because this game has a very large map to discover animals to kill, oh and people too so stick around  for beautiful landmarks, animals, challanges, guns and also amazing graphycs, which i already mentioned before.A good game with a very good design, although it still needs quiet a few improvements which i believe the improvements will be done in the game shortly.But at the end of the day it's just a good survival game.!!PEACE!!"
,Recommended,418030,30242339,Posted: 28 February,all,Grim Reaper,"@ColdGames... dude great job on creating a survival game that is both fun to play and challenging at the same time. For a game that only has 1 Developer, you have done a great job in keeping me wanting to come back for more.To all you haters out there that think that this game should be perfect from the get go.. ♥♥♥♥ off. It is Early Access, read the definition of Early Access. You don't like the game don't play the damn thing.I have countless hours in survival series genre games including ARK, 7 Days to Die, Rust, Savage Lands, and many others. This game has a few things none of them do, and that is limitless potential. Sure Ark has Dino's and more dino's and wait even more dino's, but lets get real, that is about all it has. The other games are about building and surviving in a PVP world. No one wants to PVP all the time. PVE is good on most games, including ARK, but it is still a monotonous chore to build, harvest and tame.This game has the potential to be better than all the games forementioned in the fact that the lands and map could be unlimited. Sure you have to craft in this game too. Just like al the others, if you want to survive you have to build your shelter. But the placement of those foundations and walls, in this game are flawless. Once a foundation is placed the others just snap into place. Other things such as window, door frames, doors, etc.. are the same.Here in my opinion are the PRO's and CON's to the game. These are my opinion and if you don't like what I have to say, well then go make a post of your own opinions.PRO's* Great Graphics right from the start* Large map with lots of room to expand and build your domicile.* Numerous trees providing lots of wood for your building pleasure.* Animals that are both smart and daunting.* Solo play is both enjoyable and challenging at the same time.Add the hunters in and you have yourself a fair amount of♥♥♥♥♥pucker.* Plenty of food to eat (if you can catch some of them)CON""s* Resources for building are rare. I have found one spot on the map where the resource bags spawn in great frequency.This also goes for medicinal and fiber plants. Other parts of the map, there are no spawns at all. Making it very difficultto build.* Animals at time are too smart or in some instances to stupid. If I walk or run close to an animal such as a bear or wolfthey growl and let you know they are there. But if I go into crouch mode, I can almost get right in their faces and kisskiss them.* Why does it seem that everything on the map is focused on me. The animals will eat me, the hunters will try to kill me,the rabbits and chickens run faster than I ever can, making it almost impossible to get protein.The predatory animals should be as aggressive towards the hunters, as they are to me.* Better spawning of the resource bags through out the map. Just not in a few key places. More docile animals to hunt,such as deer, goats, etc. Make it easier for me to obtain protein. There is an exploit to getting the chicken, but I willleave that for you all to figure out.* Hunters building right in my lap. Why do the hunters have to build so close to me? Let them use the other 99% of themap I am not using.Overall I really enjoy the game. I have had a challenging experience and would love to definitely see a lot more from @ColdGames with this title."
76561198066461458,Recommended,418030,30310406,Posted: 4 March,all,Goatnips,So after playing for bout 15min here is what i think.ProsGreat UI super easy to use.Great graphicsGood looking animalsConsThe movement in 3rd person is wonkyThe chickens move super sonic speedShould have a flashlight or torch instead of chemlightShould have some buildings by default to hide in from animalsNight time with out a flashlight or Torch is super darkNo real meaning to game besides to build and survive right nowAnimals are over powering at 1st with no good gearNo fishing :(
76561198065695184,Recommended,418030,30601059,Posted: 18 March,all,chillytpc,"This game is so frustrating imo. I like it and it looks nice. Maybe it's just me but i can't get established and just lose interest and play something else. i have 8hrs into this game likely the least of my survival/crafting games. always short on fibers, (yes i know what they look like and know how they are easier to spot from afar) still always an issue. the last game i just quit and deleted was the farthest i got. had base command thing,1 foundation,wall,doorway and door with steps. had a lot of stuff in my inv and kept looking for nails. needed for my 1st storage crate....died from malnutrition on my base.. np, was running back to base. bear killed me, hit R to reload last save.. repeat, repeat, this time a wolf. get home. no box lost it all.. deleted save file. will try again at some point."
76561197978081139,Recommended,418030,31186308,Posted: 16 April,all,Against the Board-Dom,"It was because ofthis game that I ended up with a gaming PC.  I love  what the developer (yes, singular) is doing with this.  I try to get to this game at least once per day, regardless of the updates, but the updates are always very cool.  Everyone owes it to themselves to check this game out; especially if you like survival games.  The crafting is cool, and the fact that the game is still in a developmental phase means that I've gotten a chance to watch this title grow.  Keep it up, dev!"
,Recommended,418030,31249827,Posted: 19 April,all,XythØs,"This game is so much fun. Very well rounded and mostly bug free for an Early Access game. Much better than Ark and Rust and 7 Days to Die in some aspects. Definetely pick this game up, so much fun!"
76561198006198683,Recommended,418030,31287310,Posted: 21 April,all,Bruce McGee,"Decent game thus far. They keep adding content I can see potential here. I am giving it the the thumbs up, but you may want to catch it on sale for now."
76561198374038891,Recommended,418030,31307241,Posted: 22 April,all,swak,highly recomended to try this game. i have played a fair few gmaes similar to this an i can tell that this game WILL become huge if the single dev keeps releaseing updates as he is.  extremly talented guy to create this game and pull off what multi dev games cannot. cant wait for multi player to come out this game will go viral. and i dea for the ai hunters is maybe make them or some of them friendly untill u show hostility or something like that. give options to trade goods or somthing along those lines. the more u trade with one base of hunters the more stuff they have for sale the next day or so :) so much potential here
76561198274180069,Recommended,418030,31386551,Posted: 26 April,all,LavenderDart638,"Although the game glitches often, I highly recommend it to many gamers who are up for a challenge. It requuires lots skill and a different perspective for survival. I have found that you must always be keeping an eye on your different aspects of health, or they may run dangerously low whithout you being able to take of them. Many difficulties can be present but the game is very fun to play."
76561198053956142,Recommended,418030,31412682,Posted: 28 April,all,LentilPotato,I'm really enjoying this game at the moment. I think it is a great start and has lots of potential for future development. I'm really looking forward to watching this game grow. Only downfall is there is no option for a female character. I have no doubt however the developer will listen to the fans and there will be more character choice in the futrure. Keep up the good work!
,Recommended,418030,31795524,Posted: 16 May,all,darkomer23,it's one of the best survival games in here. really hard but wonderful.
,Recommended,418030,31799288,Posted: 16 May,all,Crum,"The game in its current state is fairly dull with very little to do besides the basics, it feels very generic although the hunters are a very nice addition. I certainly recommend this game, if you have some free time and are feeling a bit bored. You will certainly get your moneys worth if its your cup of tea. I'll not list the pro's and con's since they tend to be the same with any game in this particular genre. Along with all of that, the dev seems to be quite active which is something that tends to push me towards buying any Early Access game.I will mention the graphics are quite nice, one could argue that the texture quality is worth more than $14 USD.Again with time to burn a bit of creativity and some general ♥♥♥♥ery this game hits the top of my list for Early Access. Best of luck to the dev/devs."
,Recommended,418030,31801297,Posted: 17 May,all,Adeptus Ineptus,"This game is great for two reasons; it's difficult to survive and it takes time to build your base. Those two things make this game quite challenging and enjoyable, even on the Easy setting with no hunters. If you're looking for a resource managing, survival and hunting/stealth game, try this out! *****"
76561198202101525,Recommended,418030,31812062,Posted: 17 May,all,aceofmaine21,i like the game. needs a bit of work but still good. i am running it on alienware and it still lags like hell. so for the money (meh) could be better.
,Recommended,418030,31834229,Posted: 18 May,all,Frostii Jester,"Shot at a wolf 9 times, Missed 7 shots and got mauled to death, I'd say it was a pretty good deal for $10 on sale"
76561198155032010,Recommended,418030,31884028,Posted: 21 May,all,dandye25,"7/10I have to say it is a good game with great potential.  the graphics on it is pretty good, so much like ark survival evolved but more life like.  The advancements on building structures is pretty good.  Now there is a few things I think that need to be implemented for it to be a great game:1.  Animal AI needs some work, they just patrol one area until they chase you, afterwards they stay in the area they killed you.  The animals should be more wondering type rather than stuck to one area.2.  I think more animals should be in the game rather than just chickens, rabbits, bear, and wolf. Deer, Elk, Cougars, Longhorns, Fox etc. would make the game even more life like.3. A bigger map and zones would be great too, A lake or river to fish in.  Desert Zones, More forestery zones, Ice zones etc would be great to implement into the game with some sort of acheivment to build in those areas.Overall though great game with great potential, however a lot could/should be done great work I would recommend it."
76561198023605249,Recommended,418030,32059290,Posted: 30 May,all,Zero,"Awesome survival game, and getting better with every update. Very responsive developer that acts on community feedback."
76561198037865085,Recommended,418030,32064091,Posted: 30 May,all,Palm_Jockey,"Admittedly I am still early in the game, but some of the game dynamics make no sense, particularly the lethality firearms. I have to shoot a rabbit twice with a 9mm to kill it. I shot a chicken with a shotgun and it ran away. This is illogical. Anyone with a reasonable knowledge of firearms knows neither of these would happen.Otherwise the game seems pretty fun. You have to invest some serious time in gathering materials to build things, but that is the point. Survival is not a one day thing."
,Recommended,418030,32442300,Posted: 15 June,all,[Draco] KillerCoventry,Needs more updates and fixing but overall it is very fun game to play. Maybe also make it more realistic with the tress and stuff but Great game good job on this game and good price.
76561197988062219,Recommended,418030,32493451,Posted: 16 June,all,SnoHo,Great game! but unfortunately i will not be playing it again until multiplayer comes out. This game would be so cool to play with friends even just PvE!
76561198085857259,Recommended,418030,34502109,Posted: 26 August,all,Sirpluto,Well i wanted it to be a fun game like 7 days to die. I started out on normal mode and well died 10 times before i found a plant fiber. When i died they spawned me really far from my stuff so i would run back to see the animal that killed me still there and others and well i died again. So i backed out and started a new one on easy.......WELL I DIED EVEN MORE AND FARTHER AWAY FROM MY STUFF. On the run back there would be 10 bears and 10 wolves all coming after me. I would pick up my stuff and die. Repeat process....run to my stuff...die...plant fibers are very hard to find as threw all my running i found 3 before i said this isnt for me. I usally like these games... well love these games. not this one. to bad there isnt a refund i can get. Changed my review from bad to good for the reason they actully wrote a comment. They also need to work on hitting and harvesting. i haft to be really close to the item for it to make contact. Makes it hard to pick up things when your running from animals.
76561198098949623,Recommended,418030,34737296,Posted: 4 September,all,skootur,BUY IT! Absolutley the best developer in the EA world. Being that he is the only one working on this fantastic game I was wondering how he planed to make it possible. I already have 25 hours of gameplay and don't ever see myself uninstalling this game. I'm extremely excited to see the game grow! As have many others I've also started working on a mini series showcasing the game! I'm sure we all play it a little different. Its true their are alot of games in EA with the whole survival base building theme. But he executes this differently then any other title i've personally played and does it very well with solid gameplay. Bugs are to be expected but I've come across VERY little hiccups. It's a game that doesn't hold your hand for sure. He has some balancing to still do but again for being a one man army building a game from the ground up I couldn't be more impressed! Not to mention how he stays in the forums listening to everyone give feedback! Subsistence is not just a game he is developing its his passion and baby that he won't just give up on as a cash grab. The man has a full-time career and seperate life yet still destroys other companies with over 100 people with a rock solid game. Well done ColdGames well fu**in done! I'm sure I speak for everyone. So for the price? You can't beat it. BUY THE GAME!!!!!
76561198006933248,Recommended,418030,26638080,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,LegendEternal,"This game has the potential to be one of the greats.  The content that is currently there is phenomenal, although it does need quite a bit more content to be one of those games you spend hundreds of hours on.  The developer (one guy, as I understand it) has done a fantastic job at making this game stand out from the countless other survival games that seem to be popping up left and right.  I'm looking forward to seeing it grow."
76561198001913517,Recommended,418030,26638966,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,RagenRuin,"A good simple game. The aggravation at dying makes me want to make it farther next time. It is similar to the long dark witht the wolves and bears, except, they don't wound you and run off. Any buildings are saved when you die so far in single player but you lose whatever you have on you when you die. Losing a handgun is a real pain when it takes about a whole magazine to kill a wolf.I did kill a bear my very first time playing with about nine shots. I tried it again later and I died instead of the bear. The crafting is simple and thankfully I don't need a ton of supplies to make a section of a building.The random supply crates help and to advance you have to use them. The Base Control Unit gave me a lockpick which I guess means you get random items after a given amount of time. I was thrilled to go and find that crate that I needed to pick and then of course I died. Losing the lockpick of course."
76561198158997557,Recommended,418030,26714309,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Emrys,"Best 15$ ive spent on steam so far..Consistant improvements to bugs  ( although i havent experianced any glitches/ crashes thus far 18+ hours logged )Beautiful seamless gameplay!!Wide range of build optionsbut best of all this game is a real CHALLANGE!Keep it up ColdGames, youve done a fantastic job so far. I cant wait to see what this game hold in the future :)"
76561198292214923,Recommended,418030,26735429,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,RapidJosh,multiplayer would help because this game is hard af without another person
,Recommended,418030,27742475,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,IisAmazingD14,"So far this game is pretty good ive played it for about 2 hrs now and its stilla challenge, i wish their was a way to do creative mode though since i really like the crafting menu and the look of build/crafting peices in game!But it's definatly a must buy game and totally worth the money!"
76561198030975344,Recommended,418030,27969524,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Topwatch,"I find this game frustrating, repetive AND engrossing at the same time.  I recommend you give it a few hours of your time. It is early access, so many of the problems and frustrations may only be temporary.The point of a survival game is to ""survive"", but this game intends for you to die many times. You don't have the option of backing up to a previous save. There is only one save and it is overwritten when you die or exit.1. The world is small.2. Essentials are often only available in gear drops. Why aren't tomato seeds available from the tomatoes you grew?3. Resource collection and management is challenging... and repetitive, very repetitive.4. Five minutes to get your stuff back after you die?  Why? Why not until you die again? Why not a permanent box? Why not dump it all into your storage trunk?5. Hunters? Why?  These are tough. They have ALL the protection they need, unlimited ammo and there is usually more than one.Currently, there are too many ways to die and too few ways to survive. You know what to expect from every drop, no WOW drops. I will continue to monitor this game. Give it a shot."
,Recommended,418030,28118997,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Zylantis,Great survival game so far.  Only a few hours in and I already like it!
76561198246706272,Recommended,418030,28353192,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Jamm,"Hey ever since the update on Dec. 11 I can't play the game for 30 mins without it crashing... hope you can fix it soon. But anyways great game and I intend playing to it's full extent, keep up the great work, ColdGames."
76561198340806476,Recommended,418030,28382281,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,eric24parmer,just had my first crash after almost a week of play..so sad lol
,Recommended,418030,28448203,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,geordietony,"After a few hours into this game I thought I would go add a few viewpoints.First off if you don't like a challenge I wouldn't bother, this game is TOUGH to say the least. It is rather unforgiving, you have to battle the elements, animals and AI hunters. Resources are found in boxes around the map and you will wonder around the map looking for these. When you die you drop everything on you, however there also isn't a marker to show you where to go back to.On the positive side the total opposite to this if you like a challenge and want to see if you can make it then go and pick this game up. It can get very tense when you need some meat or you are struggling to find some supplies.Graphics and sound are pretty good, developer seems to be supporting it well.  I will keep returning and so far I am enjoying it and hopefully that feeling lasts.I've recorded a bit of a let's play on this game and you can check the video out below from a newbie view point.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7tQc_Hs6BYw"
,Recommended,418030,28740563,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Captain Kush,"First off I want to say from what I've read most of the negative reviews are from people who want their hands held with no chance of danger. The key to surviving is to gather resources while being aware of your surroundings and to build a fire to survive the first night.I really loved the idea, in fact it's the main reason I choose to give this game a try, of having AI NPC's building their base up as I build up mine. I find it gives me a feeling of urgency while I farm and it also gives  the game a sort of End-Game scenario as the hunters give you something to ""hunt"" once you get geared.This game is great and can be SO much more with time and an active dev."
76561198118630973,Recommended,418030,28814663,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,sdrnorth,"Great game, very challenging and addictive as well.  Single developer but from what I have seen and read, very receptive to constructive feedback, user suggestions and has created a interesting environment for the player. I am going to gift  copies to my sons as well since they like challenges too.Keep up the great work ColdGames, you have a winner !"
,Recommended,418030,28916230,Posted: 1 January,all,TBD GAMING,"I saw Lirik play this game on his stream and he seemed to really like it, so I decided to pick it up...and I really like it. I am a newb so I have died A LOT, but I am excited to learn more about this game because it seems to have a good amount of content once you get the basics down!The graphics aren't amazing, but they arent bad either and the game seems to run great on my PC. It is just single player at the moment, but multiplayer is being added and that should add a lot more to the game. Even without mulitiplayer, the game does not feel like there is a lack of content.I am surprised how much I really enjoy playing this game...a hidden gem IMO...Give it a try!"
,Recommended,418030,29028406,Posted: 5 January,all,Random,"I really love this game, however some of my friends doubt the game because there is no mutiplayer."
76561198045054887,Recommended,418030,29081442,Posted: 7 January,all,FARSTR1DER,FYI dont use the pistol.
76561198032661368,Recommended,418030,29099549,Posted: 7 January,all,Alanray,"Bought this game during the Steam Xmas sale more on a whim at the time. I didn't expect to much from it being Early Access but I have been surprised with the enjoyment plus anger I have gotten out of it. All below is just my intital beginners take on the game. I am sure with more proficiency it will become easier but right now. It's a challenge :)Death is a pain in the a$$, no two ways about it. Nothing worse when a freaking wolf/bear appears from behind a rock and hands you a whooping. My chief complaint is the corpse decay timer. Five minutes is to short, I would suggest at least ten minutes to allow player orientation and then searching for your cache. Often I have noticed when taking  a death, the corpse seems to slide along the ground a bit and could end just out of view, within a shrub or behind that tree. Your cache being a small brown box can be easily obscured within the landscape. So yes, longer despawn time.Setting up your base is relatively easy and it would be nice if they could some how give you a sandbox builder so you can look at a base set up you can consruct then work towards as you game progres with what you build. Some of the building items look real good, curved walls etc, even a roof, but how they all fit together is going to be a case of trial and error and in the end a waste of resources.Perhaps introducing a good information in game system would also help. Creating an animal house to house your chickens and then how do you keep them alive? Says add water and food yet they seem to eat so fast I cannot see a way to keep them alive long term, I ended up having them for dinner :) Possibly the feed rate will be adjusted over time.Anyways, just a bit of rambling here. I am enjoying the game, pressing on and learning. Doing my best not to look up Google for other tips from other players so I can see how far I can go in this game."
76561198064934048,Recommended,418030,29105174,Posted: 7 January,all,ginglyjoe,is there any way to light fires without matches?
,Recommended,418030,29118124,Posted: 8 January,all,Shadow,very good game! looking forward to future updates.
76561198059185104,Recommended,418030,30614476,Posted: 19 March,all,acidarnold,Really original and unique.
,Recommended,418030,31189105,Posted: 16 April,all,Highroad,"I have always had a love/hate relationship with games like this. I enjoy having to search for supplies and materials to build a base, but tend to end up pretty bored after not too long since there isn't really only so much you can ever do in these sort of survival games. Once you have a base, the basics, and some decent stuff...you run out of things to do. That pretty much applies to this game, but it is pretty fun to get to that point.This game is hard, especially at first, but once you get the hang of things, it's not too bad. For what it is, it does things well. But don't expect to be wow'd by anything.Pros:-Decent world to explore.-Some interesting things to collect and build.-Challenging but not frustrating.-Graphics are relaxing.Cons:-The A.I. of both the animals and enemy hunters is pretty terrible. Animals ignore each other, but attack you. The A.I. hunters have the intellegence of the Nazi's from Wolfenstein 3D.-Poor animations.-Lack of purpose after you've got the basic essentials.-Respawning Loot boxes to find pretty much anything important gets boring (though the creator is updating this as it goes.)Conclusion: It's been fun for what it is, and won't cost you an arm and a leg. I have enjoyed my 19 hours so far, and hope that future additions make it worth coming back to."
,Recommended,418030,31808494,Posted: 17 May,all,Kappaccino,Gud goyim 11/10
,Recommended,418030,31915969,Posted: 23 May,all,Sou,Great Dev. Great Game.10/10
76561198020228648,Recommended,418030,32260352,Posted: 7 June,all,HybridOhio,This is not minecraft.This is a hardcore survival game.You will get mauled by bears and wolves and die.Enjoy it save often and keep your fire lit
76561197985893174,Recommended,418030,32358745,Posted: 11 June,all,Coolake,"When i first got this game i wasnt having much fun, but when i played it for a little while longer i killed my first bear with 2 shots of a shotgun, and i felt so awesome and so i started up my own base and now i have these hunters right beside my base keep attacking me :( but luckily my defenses are way to good for them :D this game is one of the best survival games i have in my steam library and well i know that i will play heaps more of this awesome game :D"
76561198322208749,Recommended,418030,32490225,Posted: 16 June,all,L.T RIPs,Ok so some people might hate on this game big time it is still alpha but its amazing its so fun look you might buy the game and say well this game is boring but its not just get your base up and loot up to day 4 then you get some great action if you find some hunters near your base i said the game was boring my self when i bought it on my second account i played 1.5 hours and refunded the game it was trashy but now the devs are more focused on the map size and more there is no bugs so far what ive seen so you should buy this game10/10 would buy again
,Recommended,418030,33962744,Posted: 1 August,all,jbertrand,"Love that the dev keeps updating! I love the detail and thought that is put into every update. This is one game that even if i take a couple weeks off of palying, i still check for updates. Keep up the AMAZING work!"
76561198096577526,Recommended,418030,34757768,Posted: 5 September,all,fitzy527,"Love this game, realistic survival aspects and excitement about protecting your base from the AI hunters! Looking forward for more updates! Thank you to Coldgames. Would recommend this game to anyone loving survival."
,Recommended,418030,27863496,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Blackrose,This game has the potential to become a very very nice survival game...If the dev keep it up!
76561197998646825,Recommended,418030,28213267,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,ClassicFont,A very challenging game and frustrating at times but this game has me on the edge of my seat every second I play. Definitely recommend for survivalist fans
,Recommended,418030,28453294,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Delnaga,"Not alot to the game yet but, what is there is good and appropriately priced.Also updates are frequent, and lots of Developer interaction with the comunity."
76561198114150193,Recommended,418030,28729991,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Fb||Jeffeyes,"Im happy with my money that i put towards this gameThere are a couple of bugs but the game is alright, some rescources may not spawn but bro its a survival game, its supposed to be hard.Its not as good as Rust and stuff but i would recommend it to people who are learning to play survival games.(Rust is too hard to learn)It is a good game with lots of potential and I cant wait for multiplayerRIP   RIP   RIP   RIP"
,Recommended,418030,28777092,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,soulred12,"I can tell this game will be really good. It's already pretty good - but unlike other survival games on steam which seem to only use the ""early access"" tag to justify having bugs, this one actually feels like early access. (Not meant to be an insult, just an observation.) Basically the categories of items in this game and the basic ideas show lots of promise, but there needs to be more variety (and a larger play area) before the game will truly feel like there's more than a few hours of gameplay. Because it's in early access I wouldn't have even mentioned this except that the game is selling for $10-15.Outside of things that will clearly be fixed/updated as the game progresses, I don't actually find much difficulty in this game. I've heard some controversy over the difficulty and I swear I'm not saying ""lol dis game easy u plebs."" It's just that putting aside the intial curve of figuring out how to do things (i.e., getting into the swing of searching for boxes and determining what craftables are the most crucial when starting), the game becomes really repetitive (go out in day, randomly find boxes, return to base at night to build) and the animals aren't really threatening as long as you 180 as soon as you hear a growl.Admittedly the hunters that moved in haven't really bothered me yet. I hear they raid your base but they haven't done that to me yet. So, once they do, maybe my opinion will change a bit but...honestly, next time I play, I plan to go raid them instead to see what happens. I have all three guns now with at least 1 extra magazine for each.But yeah. I will probably keep playing this game for a while since I admittedly haven't crafted everything yet and I still wanna see what its like to make a big base, but I hope some of these issues are fixed soon."
,Recommended,418030,28809772,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,MrSheep,"people crying about this game because its ""too hard"", as soon as you learn the basics its such a good game!"
76561197970863962,Recommended,418030,29074138,Posted: 6 January,all,Gh0stWrecker,"You will die.  A lot.  In fact, I would buy a cheap keyboard/mouse and a monitor just in case.  Hell yes I recommend it.  Go on.  Buy it right MEOW."
76561198134566810,Recommended,418030,29077178,Posted: 6 January,all,Lethallady,"I absolutely love this game.  It is so beautiful, day or night and the challenge is real.The reason why I believe it has some bad reviews is because people have a hard time understanding that it is a game of survival, so it is going to be challenging to get on your two feet and survive.  This genre of games attracts players that do not know what they are in for and end up disliking the game.  It took me a while to get used to the challenges of this genre but as soon as I did, I fell in love.As for this game -- it is a lot of fun and sucks you in.  The concept is simple, yet extremely challenging.   It is a challenge to just get through the first day, nonetheless the first night.  The graphics and environment has been done beautifully.  The building mechanics are done really well and look good.  The progresion is also really good and satisfying.Here's the gist of the game: You gather natural resources and collect loot crates full of very important materials.  You have to hunt for your protein and forage for your fruits and vegetables until you get seeds and can make planters for a porch garden.  Eating balanced meals is important in this game.  You also need to build your own shelter, tools and machinery in an off grid fashion in order to work up the progressive chain of crafting and survivability.  If you go with hunters mode, you have to be wary of them until you are brave enough to face them head-on in an all out raid of their base, which can supply you with other things necessary to become stronger and better at surviving.My advice for anyone starting out: I suggest going with the EASY mode with no hunters until you get a grasp on things.  It helps you get your bearings with the basics as well as helps you figure out how the chain goes in the crafting so you can prioritize better on the harder difficulties of this game.  It may help prevent you from getting frustrated down the road in the harder modes when you first understand how to play the game.  Since there is no map, it is important to learn the map as well before launching a harder version so you can get a feel for the different biomes and  the area you have to work with.I, personally, have just started to play in normal mode with hunters and I have to say, the differences between easy mode and normal are very noticeable.I also suggest new players watch videos done by a very knowledgeable youtuber for this game, GameEdge.  He has been playing the game for a year, well before the game was released for folks and he takes the time explaining things really well for new players.One note of caution:  If you do not like games where you have to repeat the same stuff over and over again (grindy games) then you might not like this one.  There is a grind for resources every day and even moreso in the beginning stages of setting up your base.   This does not bother me because I can see my effort in the progress I am making.  I find it gratifying.The only con for me is, you are a man.  You can't choose to be a female at this point.  I am hoping in the future there is an option to be a female, but it is not a game-breaker for me,  I am still able to really enjoy the game and that's the point.Another thing worth mentioning is that this game is in early release, which means the Dev is constantly working on new content (YAY) and he is doing a great job.  Kudos to all the hard work!!!  I am looking forward to playing more and more hours of this game and seeing what is in the future of this game.In my opinion, this game is worth buying for the $$$.   I can't see it staying this cheap once it is completely finished."
76561198321766647,Recommended,418030,29405876,Posted: 21 January,all,diemar99,It's a really fun game and has a different feel to it. I think there should be some type of scope the rifle and if you die you should have some type of beacon for a limited amount of time but over all a really good game
76561198031656346,Recommended,418030,30044789,Posted: 19 February,all,judgedredd001,"after wacthing a few videos i purchased game , game is very fun and addicting and every thing works good only seen one bug some times opening storage box game crashed on me but no biggy just reload. this game is not intended to be hack slash survival i enjoy it just building base gathering resources wich you need to do alot and see what new things you can build . youll definitly get your money out of this game casuall playing"
76561198357273443,Recommended,418030,30291257,Posted: 3 March,all,Wyrex,"I don't have a lot of hours in it, but I've gotten the gist of it. It has some issues (my client crashes rarely), but overall its an amazing solo survival game (multiplayer apparently coming soon).Pros:-It looks beautiful for the little amount of power it requires to run. Even at low settings.-The game is actually about survival. You have to carefully think about whether to use ammo or not and have to manage time/power in order to progress.-Great AI system. They can be annoyingly accurate, but they're unique. Build their own base, camps, and even group up to 3 eventually.-Animals give a few warnings before attacking you. They sniff/growl, then slowly start approaching you, then attack.-Has basic farming/husbandry. You can grow cotton/tomatoes for seeds, and raise rabbits/chickens for animals currently.Cons:-Deaths can be a little punishing for new players. Especially those without a BCU (shows where your base is on your screen). Players unfamiliar with the map can become lost, and with only 5 minutes before the loot disappears, can be pretty punishing, especially when you can't even get another gun when respawning.-AI can be deadly accurate most of the time. Granted it's not horrible, but if you miss 1-2 shots, consider yourself dead because they aim accurately at the head.-No end-goal. Currently, once you get to the point where you can ""raid"" and kill hunters with ease, that's pretty much all you can do. Just farm animals and grow tomatoes so you can survive, then raid/kill hunters. It gets pretty boring after a while. *I was debating on adding this because it's still EA, so of course there won't be one for a while.Overall I rate it 8/10. With only one person making this game, it already is more promising and worth the money than most other survival-based games. Once multiplayer gets added (with hopefully anti-cheats/mods to be able to moderate the servers), I hope it becomes even better. But for a solo survival game, I'm very happy with it."
76561197980793429,Recommended,418030,31357995,Posted: 25 April,all,LowBridge=VX9=,For an early access game this one is well on its way.  I have just over 30hrs into it and I feel it is progressing in the right direction.  I would recommend this game to anyone who likes the crafting/combat type of games.  The only small drawback at this time is no multiply player mode yet but I know that is coming in do time
,Recommended,418030,31809148,Posted: 17 May,all,Dis Bitch xd,"Intresting game , amazing becuase its only one person behind this and i think its very addictive so i would give this a thumbs up you just need alot of time to enjoy this and mabye the map could be bigger but its great"
76561198309930211,Recommended,418030,31919939,Posted: 23 May,all,hammadslv,Great game! Soo much fun to play and much better than most other survival games! Looking forward to a multiplayer version of this game!
76561198128519251,Recommended,418030,32890991,Posted: 27 June,all,Montizuma,This has got to be one of the best nature survival games out there.  It's a beautiful and rewarding game so far. The dev is doing great considering he is the only guy working on it. He shows more interest and involvement in the cummunity than most companies.
76561198130570117,Recommended,418030,34196671,Posted: 12 August,all,cheese is oozin,You guys are stole my precious time.can't wait for next updates.
76561198127919223,Recommended,418030,34447526,Posted: 23 August,all,rinoruben,"The man is still updating his games and its getting better, I recommend this..."
,Recommended,418030,34739691,Posted: 4 September,all,AlastorDB,This game is amazing and is constantly getting better.
76561198066417035,Recommended,418030,28726803,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,MadPixelRabbit,"I cant imagine how awesome this game will be in next year. I can see how hard ColdGames is working and try to bring the game for succeed. Its unbelievable that one guy can do all this!The AI hunters are so cool!!!, i have never seen anything like that befor.Its a really good game and i highly recommend it for players who like to play games with crafting/building, survival and open world.This is one of my favorite games on steam!"
76561198079510469,Recommended,418030,28756177,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,maxp80,"First I'd like to thank the developer(s). The frequent updates and bug fixes must take time and effort and you guys have more than earned the cost of the game with your hard work on keeping this game freash. Second, this is a fantastic, ever growing game that has a bright future. I have a heart attack in the best way everytime I play, The excitement I feel playing this game is unmatched by others. Finally I see that feedback truly matters in the corresponding changes to the subjestions from your customers. Nicely done to the creators and maintainers of this game. Take a bow son"
76561198203914873,Recommended,418030,28953511,Posted: 2 January,all,solx,"I hate this game!I only have a few hours in-game, and I have died like 5 times. BUT, I am having a blast!It definitely tests your game limits: without minimaps, easily seen or accessable materials, and crazy OP AI.I can see that my time is going to be taken up by this game. Yes, I die a lot, but it pushes me to be the best in-game.Get this game if;- you like hardcore games- you like realistic survival- you want a change from the normal gamesDon't get this game if;- you are expecting this to be as easy as Minecraft- you can't handle dying and having to find your way back (with or without a beacon)- you are going to complain about bugs and the difficulty"
76561198033784600,Recommended,418030,29017522,Posted: 4 January,all,sbaill23,im dying a lot in this game bears wolves starving cold finaly got to the point were i could last overnight but i can already see my next death coming as i only have one more match.overnight a fire is essential.a fire starting tool {bow } its basically rubbing two sticks together but a method that works or flint and steel would be a nice addition.streams for water and fishing and my last thought small animals are caught using snares.the game already has the basic for making these in flax.though streams andfish may be asking a lot but i like this game support the dev and buy.
76561198105528384,Recommended,418030,29081704,Posted: 7 January,all,JoeDart,"Extremely fun, building is innovative and interesting. Also extremely challenging but keeps players interested and progressing. I would 100% recommend this game if you enjoy challenging survival games."
76561198067679488,Recommended,418030,29100989,Posted: 7 January,all,andrewblough81,"Hi there so my feedback on this game. I think it is great has a lot of room for potential, however I would like to see you have someone help you at this game like the guys that made the forest. also i feel the animals are to unbalanced. chickens rarely run from people like that none that I’ve seen. it should die after one shot from any gun. same for rabbit. wolves should take no more than three to four shots and should not be able to kill you in two hits. the bears seem ok. I feel their drops should be more than liver and fat and the rare leather. if i shot and cleaned a wolf I would have the fat, liver, two ribs of meat, and at least three stakes. as well as leather and bones which could be applied to make tools. I’d like to see other animals as well even if they are just for show like squirrels, birds and raccoons, maybe mountain lions, deer and goats.  next is the landscape if we are to assume that we are in the woods why are there so few trees? walk around in the game ""the forest"" and apply what you see land scape wise there in to this game such as the way trees are chopped, the flowers, herbs, weeds, grass, and other plants take up most of the surrounding. add more food/ berries bushes. and you have a forest. there is so much that can be done to this game it has so much more time before its complete. and I can't wait to see what happens next.On a personal note to the maker, we have all seen it happen before. ""not that you are like them."" but someone starts making a game then just stops and disappears and the game goes unfinished. Please don't let this one be one of the many dropped projects like those we all have seen from other makers. If you decide to stop working on this at least give it over to someone you know will continue it."
,Recommended,418030,29720807,Posted: 5 February,all,RuecK'乔尔,I've played it for 30 mins and i really liked it so far! grafiks is cool and the gameplay is smooth. good animations and good enviroment. worth giving a shot! 7/10! Some more description on items would be helpfull tho like where to get them. maybe a picture of the plant (i had trouble finding fiber in the begining :D)
,Recommended,418030,30291871,Posted: 3 March,all,IG 80 Eighth,"I think this game is going to be awesome if they keep going in the direction they are going but there are a few kinks that is for sure.  I keep wanting to get into this game, and I keep telling myself I'm waiting for multiplayer (or even co-op) but the reality is there are a few things that keep me from coming back to this game.  The main things that bother me most about this game are the two main things you need to craft: wood and fiber.Wood is everywhere, and gathering it is pretty straight forward but the problem is it's just annoying.  When you chop a tree you get four pieces of wood, and those pices just fall on the ground and then the tree has a red ""X"" when you chop it.  It's decently bad for immersion and honestly just not that fun to do.  I've played a lot of survival game and while I'm by no means an expert I think I know what works and this does't work that well in my opinion.Fiber is nowhere, and you'll never find it ever.  Seriously though I've been in certain areas where I've found it pretty quickly and other areas where I can't find it at all.  It can be frustrating especailly when you've found a place you want to build but there not being such an essential material to do so with.With that said this game is one of the cooler ideas I've seen as far as survival games goes and I'm very excited to see what they do in the future.  A few simple mechanic changes and co-op and I would be willing to give this game another try.  Until then I don't think it's quite my cup of tea.While I do reccomend this game it's onlt because it is early access and so you would be buying it with the future in mind."
76561198066430096,Recommended,418030,31308713,Posted: 22 April,all,daddyshunter101,"I highly reccommend you give this game a shot. It can be a little frustrating when you first start out, but I personally love this game. It is a beautiful environment. If the single dev keeps doing what he's doing and continues to release regular updates, I really do think this game will go somewhere. It is an early access game, but the dev has done a wonderful job so far and I can't wait to see where this game goes! :-) Great work, Dev!"
76561198249955660,Recommended,418030,31310822,Posted: 22 April,all,Dragonfire7051,like the game sofar good work..
76561197980659919,Recommended,418030,31357961,Posted: 25 April,all,FluX,I think this game is awesome.  The person doing this by themselves is clearly very talented.  I like the over all game design and feel.  There are some minor things i would recomend tweaking.  Couple examples would be wood needing to be looted off the ground instead of going into your inventory.  Especially someone who likes to start new games often.  The early game is a bit rough. Some crafting recipies tweaked a bit.One big thing I would like to see in the game is Co-Op multiplayer.  Not neccessarily pvp but coop would make this game so much more fun than it already is.
,Recommended,418030,35055241,Posted: 18 September,all,xlockeed,"No hand holding, fight or flight survival game. Too many games these days follow a cookie cutter design. This game actually forces you to learn how to aim, caculate and manage resources. Hunters and rogues are deadly, wolves, bears and cougars even more so. You won't load into the game guns blazing, you will die. Game is pretty shallow but is gaining depth with only one developer working on it in his spare time. The price is good for what content is currently in right now. WaB"
76561198119344576,Recommended,418030,26637680,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Jcoe80,"Potential 10/10 Great Concept i love how hard it makes u work spending 20 irl minutes making 2 bullets to kill a damn chicken is so rewarding the slow progress you make is sometimes painful but all the more well earned and its not like you have to be some amazing player you just need to be paitient and pay attention to ur surroundings there is no way to rush around and be the best in an hour. the content so far is great and i cant wait to see what comes next. i never really write reviews but thought that i should since some people complain the game is difficult currently. I thought it was impossible till i finially got my first wall up and put a command console on it, this gave some sense of where you are on the map and makes it easier to find ur drop box after you dieTIP: SHREAD UR PANTS TO MAKE CLOTH EVERY TIME U DIE YOU GET NEW PANTS"
76561198095814064,Recommended,418030,31813752,Posted: 17 May,all,happyjoker,Like the concept just needs coop added
,Recommended,418030,31915345,Posted: 23 May,all,♕ Beiqhy,"Good game, few bugs but has great potential, i recommend."
76561197972514198,Recommended,418030,32036584,Posted: 29 May,all,DocWatson,"A great survival game. Already on day 30 or so in hardcore. Those complaining about difficulty need to git gud. Needs a bit more crafting and base defence options, but overall a solid game."
76561198058036250,Recommended,418030,32306232,Posted: 9 June,all,amanda.a.scott,LOVE this game. It is exactly what I was looking for in the survival genre. Rust is ok for a bit and since I'm a woman I don't get killed on sight all day but I wanted a single player game. I've had a couple disconnects but no other issues and I hadn't lost any progress when I logged back on.It is unrealistic that there are so many bears and wolves intermingled but there needs to be some kind of challenge. I guess the alternative could be to make them so rare that starvation is the main threat but I'm ok with listening for the animals and trying to avoid them until I'm suitably armed.The people giving bad reviews because it's hard to find fibres or they don't understand the plot are obviously not typical fans of this type of game. The point is to survive out there alone and if the fibres were all over the place you'd be over the game in a couple of hours of play.My whole family is bugging me to play all evening so they can watch. This game dev is obviously passionate about his game and I feel I got a steal of a deal to only pay $15 for it.
76561198014751669,Recommended,418030,29195308,Posted: 11 January,all,darkbladed,"Great game, but I find my self suiciding and respawning every few days as I run out of food (and the ammo to get more).  I wish on the easy mode it was a bit more easy, so I can focus more on building and crafting."
76561198045041225,Recommended,418030,29249724,Posted: 14 January,all,MBoz,"I have just begin playing this game, and find it to be awesome.  Thank you for your continuous updates, it has definately made it better and more playable."
,Recommended,418030,29580419,Posted: 29 January,all,Semirotta,Current state:AI = too OP (bad thing)Really difficult to get any kind of ammunition (bad thing)Animals are strong and challenging (good thing)Overall a fun game to spend some time with but really needs balancing :D
76561198266804234,Recommended,418030,29837014,Posted: 10 February,all,kaganpunchwood,"Highly recommended. Is a single developer persuing his passion to create a game, and the passion shows.Its pretty hard at first and you die quite a bit learning the ropes, but thats part of the fun of the game; overcoming the difficulty.Once you are past the first few days and have a base going, it gets easier. There are 3 modes, easy, normal and hardcore, and easy isn't that easy. But after a while you figure it out and get to hardcore.The game promises much more content, and to eventually develop into MP,  but as it stands, the existing content is already worth the price of admission.The game has relatively few bugs (compared to other EA titles) and runs quite smoothly in terms of fps. Some report fps issues, but, for example, while I can't run Empyrion or Ark, I can run this.If you prefer games with relatively little challenge and are low on patience, then maybe skip this game, but of you like getting your butt kicked (initially), its for you."
76561198017572964,Recommended,418030,30225792,Posted: 27 February,all,jon,"TL; DR > Very challenging survival game with a serious 'just two more minutes as the next crate will be the one that saves my life' feel.EDIT 05Mar: 30hrs in; one profile now at 30 days, base built, all mod-cons > I have no idea how people can say there is not enough resource to progress? It takes time and a watchful eye, and not trying attacking a wolf with anything less than a rifle!There are some games where it's not worth starting on Easy difficulty as you know it'll be a walk in the park unless you just want to get the hang of the controls and find your feet in a safe environment.  This is not one of those games!  If you want a 'survival' game where food, water and shelter are just handed to you on a plate and wildlife are a mere inconvenience, this is not one of those games either!Food and water are in very short supply from the beginning. There are no easy-pickings and you will be on the edge of starvation for much of your first few days (possibly weeks...)Wolves and bears are a serious threat and you learn to keep some stamina in reserve for a panicked sprint away from the slightest growl.Thinking about walking more than a handful of steps away from your campfire at night? Prepare for near instant hypothermia.It's recommended, but be prepared for a lot of death animations as your character, again, fails to escape a wolf, bear or just dies of malnutrition...I hope the Dev keeps the challenge high because it would be all too easy for this to get hammered down into just another survival clone.  I really enjoy the 7DTD and Empyrion kinda game - but Subsistence deserves to be in that rarer ""hardcore even on easy"" niche.PS - don't be fooled into thinking that disabling the hunters makes it easy.  Easier, yes, easy, nope.I hope this review helps :)"
,Recommended,418030,31213222,Posted: 17 April,all,Tips Fedora,"5 hours, 6 deaths, and 1,000 profanities later, I now have a pretty stable, growing base. Bless the person/people that decided to throw random bags and crates of supplies out in the wilderness to help people like me survive. I'm starting to feel trapped with this huge metal, barbed fence that seems to wrap around me in a wide radius. I still don't know how I got here (or how I have 9 lives like a cat), but right when I started feeling like things were going good and I got my somehow-being-powered-by-nothing-base-command-module installed, God told me that I was going to get neighbors moving into the area in a few days. I sure hope they're friendly. Maybe I can share some of my crops or domesticated animals with them."
76561198107795829,Recommended,418030,31875961,Posted: 20 May,all,Yellow Quiet,"If you're into this sorta thing, then I highly reccomend it. It's really good at what it does- In my case, wandering around an empty forest isn't really my thing, but if thats what you're looking for, This game has it in spades- good work!"
76561198351285438,Recommended,418030,32186668,Posted: 4 June,all,aaronjoepatterson43,"i dont meaan to offend in any way but why does the game look as though it is laggy when your walking and looking my fps is running at 60 but was wondering if there was something else i could try, i love the game its just the laggy effect really kills it for me"
,Recommended,418030,33758063,Posted: 23 July,all,Sanchancho,"Give it a chance, I actually asked for a refund but bought it again, at the beginning it might seem boring but it gets really good and fun afterwards."
,Recommended,418030,34598262,Posted: 29 August,all,MicMacNCheese,"Definitely enjoying this game, and I am excited to see what it will evolve into, but I have to say it's hard to play as it is now. The AIs are well made, crafting is easy and straightforward, and finding *most* resources isn't too bad. But there are a few things that I find make the game difficult to play:-CORDAGE. Finding fibers (though they are spread out decently) is a pain. Maybe placing small groups of fiber plants about the map instead of just one yeild of fibers would be better. Almost everything that is craftable in the beginning requires cordage, and some a LOT of it, so it's frustrating having to run around for an hour collecting enough fiber to make one hunting bow's worth of cordage.-Campfires consume wood at a crazy rapid rate. Realistically it would take a hot (*rimshot*) minute for a chunk or log of wood to be consumed by a fire. Balancing this with the wood-burning stove was smart, but it takes a lot to be able to make said stove.-Small game hitpoints? I mean, I'm not gonna lie...the rabbits and chickens in this game are pretty beefy. I don't know a single small animal that would take more than one shot to kill, even with a .22 cal round.-Amount of food yeild from animals. I distinctly remember taking out a wolf and butchering it, and the yeild seemed somewhat small to me. I was able to collect two fat and only one meat from it...just personal opinion but I feel as though perhaps flipping that around would seem a little more realistic. Same with chickens, where only one raw chicken breast is yeilded.-Crafting building materials. The variations of walls, foundations, etc is GREAT. What's not so great to me is the materials needed. Like I said earlier, EVERYTHING requires cordage and the work needed to get materials to even make that doesn't seem to balance well. Perhaps adding the requirement of a different tool like a hammer or a handsaw rather than using cordage would help balance it.Other than the afformentioned above, this game is very well made and has so much potential. Watching it mature and transform in the future will be exciting and I can't wait to log more hours and experience everything this game has to offer."
76561198030316503,Recommended,418030,29061514,Posted: 6 January,all,ItsCharlie,I am here to give u guys some advice on playing this game.Yes this game is in preview state but it still is fun if you enjoyed games like rust you will enjoy this and when muilty players comes this game should be on top charts when muilty player is hereDev ideasDev team here are some of my ideas for the game1. more gun types instead of rifle make them more speffic2. building cub so you have a area of land just for you deffently for muilty player3. instead of a fence for the edge of the map make that a beach you spawn there and then you will move further into the map4. also a map to see were you are for like towns with loot5. you could add towns for more loot to go with crates because it would be where hunters loot players lootThank You Dev's if you read my ideas
76561197963686337,Recommended,418030,29704360,Posted: 4 February,all,Brew Master,Awesome survival crafting game.  Its a time killer and additive.  Cant wait till he gets the multiplayer done......
,Recommended,418030,31221947,Posted: 18 April,all,Bowmar,"I've had loads of fun with Subsistence. I've laughed, I've cried. I simultaneously hate and love this game. The farming, crafting, hunting is all fantastic. The hunters are a major hassle but if you can't take the heat, get out of the kitchen....right? And you have the ability to disable the hunters in any savegame and re-enable them if u want a bit of an advantage...it sets them back to the campfire stage and they have to rebuild everything.As with any pre-release there are some lumps and bumps but only small things AND they're being regularily fixed and the game is being regularily updted by what can only be described as an open-minded, dedicated, and very talented developer.As I'm typing this, it's updating again and I'm very excited to see what new things I'll have to play with in the game.The game is really hard and doesn't forgive stupidity. It requires you to be always thinking and balancing the pros and cons of a situation."
,Recommended,418030,33352227,Posted: 7 July,all,The Amazing Rando,"I have been raiding the hunters every morning, forgot to do so and they came to me. They killed me and put their middlefingers up for me. 10/10 will get flipped off again."
76561198058640073,Recommended,418030,34521316,Posted: 26 August,all,[TDBH] Marquis,"Got this game and sunk 10hr into it died a lot screamed and ran away and broke my legs a-lot this game doesn't tell you what to do but that is  okay sandbox survival my opinion its one of the best and hardest ones i have played it would be 10/10 if i could co-op this cause i had to turn hunters off cause between wolves and bears trying to make me into a rug i had a AI shoot me and kill me plenty so with a fresh game with no hunter this game still give you the slow struggle grind you would expect, Base building got easier as i got to know the game more and so far i got a good thing going and i recommend you guys pick this up it may be grindy as ♥♥♥♥ but the satisfaction of reward make crafting the rifle fun."
,Recommended,418030,28957427,Posted: 2 January,all,Zhanman,Please never update the old mechanics feeling and text to speech.
76561197971292565,Recommended,418030,30659903,Posted: 21 March,all,Macgamer,So this game is seriously hard at the beginning and you will be challenged to survive even one day.. Hang in there like i did if you make it 4-5 days things get alot better. use a bow hunt small game save ur ammo and build a base up. be very cautious. That being said this game looks great and for still so early I think everyone should give this a try. Survival at its best.
,Recommended,418030,30982124,Posted: 6 April,all,goat,Why can't I name my chickens?
,Recommended,418030,32964964,Posted: 28 June,all,Minoumimi™,"Great game to relax well a bit more stressful with the new hunter changes which are very welcomed ;3There is just something about this game thats very enjoyable i can't quite pinpoint whatIt is a very decent survival not the best But very enjoyablecould be bigger and more in depthBut Let's not forget a single man is doing more then Triple A companies.id say we are getting Wayy more then anticipated and he is constantly updating it so cannot wait for the futureThe only reason i have this few hours on it comes down to 1 Single thing that irritates me so much that until he adds that feature makes me not want to play otherwise this would be a daily 2-3 hours game in my listIt is the fact that Not only is there no Iron Sight adjustement Separated from the unzoomed one but it actually increasesAnd has a person who plays shooters with 500 dpi in sight and 700 out of sight well i simply cannot shoot anything in the game.But ill just be patient and im quite sure he will add it, since there has been atleast 2 or 3 ideas i was talking about in my videos and litteraly less then a week after these exact features were added.Totally worth it for any survival fans"
76561198183186183,Recommended,418030,34452398,Posted: 23 August,all,Ooberlicious,"This game just keeps getting better and better! Though some other players may feel it becomes tedious after a while, the developers do find ways to keep it interesting and interactive. One of my favourite things to do in games is create bases and there are limitless possibilities with Subsistence. You can make small barely noticeable abodes or giant looming bases. Predators are definitely a challenge to over come as you look for materials and food. Can't wait to see how it all turns out!"
,Recommended,418030,34744865,Posted: 4 September,all,driden,"I love this game, it's perfect for those of us sick of getting raided. This world exists only when you start playing.It's pretty unforgiving though, but has ""chill"" vibe to it. Glad i found it"
76561198193730405,Recommended,418030,34818952,Posted: 8 September,all,Brodon,"I take back my orignal thumbs down on this one, after putting some more time in and figuering out a few things this game is becoming more enjoyable each time I play. It is a struggle till you figure out a few things but thats the whole point isnt it!! Ive finally got a small stock of meat and ammo and can relax and explore more, life is good."
,Recommended,418030,35051196,Posted: 18 September,all,Vapor_79,"This game is excellent, out of all the Survival/Crafting games this one just runs great and shows lots of promise. Keep the updates coming!!!!!"
76561197984640142,Recommended,418030,26359756,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,|SNR| Orange,My game keeps crashing every 15-20 miutes. love the game however
76561198210931999,Recommended,418030,26465687,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,j.cube1987,"lot of crashes again and again, the animals moves should be more realistic, they are moving in slow motion untill you shoot then they run like forest gump... not so realistic. The sound of wood crafting is terrible, pls take an example from the rust. Rest of the game is realy nice, this game has a big chance and i hope it will go the right way."
76561198074875271,Recommended,418030,26468012,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,SuckleMeBungels,"The game has a nice touch with graphics and gives a felling like you are surviving, But the game gets boring after you do evreything... Gather, Build,Kill,die then you reapeat... but I get to flip pepole off good game"
,Recommended,418030,26407992,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Vent3r,"Played a lot more than shown on steam, Subsistance does everything right, for a one man passion project I am impressed, I purchased it to support ColdGames and I love the game, the AI hunters is the draw point and what makes the game unique as you grow stronger so does the Hunters and they start building up their bases to survive, just like you do.The game looks beautiful , UE4 does the game justice and its very polished for the state it is in.Not going into detail but if  you are on the fence on getting the game, just buy it you will thank yourself later."
,Recommended,418030,26407111,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Thavock,"If you want to have a survival game that is an actual challenge to survive, does not spoon feed you with easy materials and keeps you looking over your shoulder the entire time, this is your game.  If you want to run around the map, kill everything that you see and build a mega McMansion, you will not have an easy go of it, prolly not the game for you.  Multi Player is said to be coming, not sure how that will change the dynamics, but for the time being, the game is very tough and rewarding when your able to accomplish some small upgrade you had to work for.I would recommend this to anyone who wants to get a fulfilling gaming experience and does not mind or enjoys many set backs along the way.  The 1 man dev team is doing an excellent job at both communicating with the community and fixing issues as they are reported, but he is only one man, so keep that in mind it may not advance at light speed, and that is ok.Ammo, nails, fiber, meat, hide will always need to be spent carefully and make sure you know what your next goal is so your not wasting them!"
76561198300552294,Recommended,418030,34923092,Posted: 13 September,all,Gooden Zero,"this game is great!im so dm addicted :)to the creator of this game, you are the best!"
76561198067809207,Recommended,418030,26407386,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Big Ern,Excellent early access game! Here are my PROS and CONS.PROS:1. Graphics are well done and the world is gorgeous!2. Crafting system is well thought out3. Perfect balance between life and survival4. The daily struggle to keep yourself fed and hydrated motivates all aspects of the game5. Gaining access to new gear/items is very satisfying because it took work/time to get them.CON:1. Of course it is early access... so there are some crashes/bugs to be worked out
76561197998921388,Recommended,418030,26406635,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Ahren,"For an Early Access Game I think the Dev has done wonderfully considering it's just one guy. Is it perfect? No. Can it be frustrating at times? Absolutely. But over all the Graphics, Playability, depth...Spot on. Now for those that are looking for Multiplayer it hasn't been implemeted..YET. He IS working on it but be patient, there is only so much 1 person can do at a time. If the Mulitiplayer is as good as the single play then it will be well worth the wait.  One word of warning....Be prepared to die ALOT. The bears and wolves are merciless and not easy to kill. But if it were easy it wouldn't be worth playing. Having been a gamer for the better part of 40 years, I have seen may titles come and go and I believe if the Dev doesn't get discouraged by the community and continues as he is this will be a title to remember. It has the potential to be one of the best in the genre in my honest opinion."
,Recommended,418030,26408326,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,braygator,"I like this game very much. It is fun and if you like Unturned buy this game. It is worth the 13 bucks. The only bad thing is if you die it is hard to find your stuff, but there is a easy way to fix that. Don't die!"
76561198068772368,Recommended,418030,26406156,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,IRONBALLS,"realy enjoying this game so far i can see alot of potential coming :)only downside ive found so far is when you die if you try to run back for your items if your not fast enough or you die again your items disapear, i think for solo play your items should never disapear, ive lost multiple handguns from this and even upgraded guns what has taken afair bit of time :("
,Recommended,418030,29879186,Posted: 12 February,all,Nyphty,"I can't recommend this game enough!! It's simply addictive with an active development, what more could you ask for? Word of warning though, it is a very grindy game. If you don't enjoy repeating the same tasks daily in order to survive then this game maybe isn't for you.If you are still unsure, check out my first video on the game to see what your first half hour of gameplay might consist of:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2fF3vFsYTJM"
76561198009937122,Recommended,418030,26345868,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Aesfotedium,"Love the game.  It's got enormous potential.  Really enjoy the progression, but man...  the AI hunters take no prisoners.Recommend farming for a few days before putting up your base command unit. This gives you the freedom to collect ammo, cloth, etc, while not having to worry about taking a bullet from a hunter.In terms of game play, I can't wait for the introduction of new systems."
,Recommended,418030,28354744,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,SCE_Ghost,Its still in its infancy but so far the balance is great and enjoying the amount of content and fixes being pushed by one dev. Great Job!
,Recommended,418030,29806277,Posted: 9 February,all,Biadabs,"90% your time on this is game is searching box and plants.the hardest part in the early stage is to keep your protein fulfilled, you have to kill animal, and of course you need weapon (gun). even the easy mode is challenging. If you are experienced with survival genre, this game for you.This game has bright future, because the dev teams giving you regular updates and new contents. for now."
76561198124976285,Recommended,418030,32919221,Posted: 28 June,all,Exo,This is a great game but be awre that it tekes a long time to get statdet with bulding a house it's not like rust where u take 2 hours and have a big base/house it's takes way longer but it's a relly great game.
76561197980743328,Recommended,418030,26721593,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Boernjong,"Awesome game, Can't wait till there will be a co-op option.I hear a lot of people complaining about getting killed a lot by animals :SI must admit i got killed a couple of times to but damn.. man up and learn from it be more careful.The graphics are looking great it runs pretty smooth.I like the building part of the game. there's not so much to decorate the house with yet but i hope there will be added Some more in the future.I found the combat part and the walking/running/jumping part a bit stiffy in the beginning but no troubles with it anymore after a few hours of playing the game.dunno if i'm just used to it or if it's just not really smooth yet.I'm still having fun with this game after 12 hours on record so definitly gonna keep playing and when i don't i'm gonna keep track of all the updates since there is one update after another."
76561198003355560,Recommended,418030,28193976,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Gunner,"I love the game, Yes it needs some work. But you only have one person working on it and it does look like he updates the game oftenSome down sides is the game is lacking primitive weapons. The game needs a spear and a bowAnother frustrating part is shells for making ammo. I have yet to come up with enough to even try to take out the AI Humans. Definatley need to be able to make shells.Really after almost 20 hr that is all I can complain about. Other than how hard it is to eat enough proteinWould love to see traps at some point put in gameBut keep up the good work."
,Recommended,418030,28197891,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,fhSwamper,"This game has the potential to be  something  truly amazing just remember there will be  bugs  as  there always is in early games  so  get  it now  at  your  own risk the gathering  of ore and fiber  may be rarer  atm but who cares  its a survival game its not meant to be easy ...  if you want a game  that is great as it is  and is only going  to get better as it grows  than 100%  this  game  is for you if you want somethin  you  can be king of in a day  than  dont buy it eitherway i am glad i did,looking forward to seeing  where  this game  goes in the future...PN>  building  models  look great,landscape looks amazing, animal and player models  are good :D :D"
76561198063568816,Recommended,418030,28966421,Posted: 2 January,all,gremlin4korbin,I can honestly say that I am in love with this game. It's just absolutely perfect for me and with every update it just seems to get better and better. I cannot wait to see what else ColdGames has in store for us and I appreciate all the hard work and love he has put into this game.
76561198121740214,Recommended,418030,29031963,Posted: 5 January,all,DustyDust,"→ start a new gameDay 1-4: carefully play, start building little shack, every thing is going fine...Day 5; grow over confident ""hahaha nature! you'll never get me! i'm too gud 4 U""Day 6: ""oh chicken!""*run after a chicken & catch it*""oh, chiken!!!""*run after a second chiken & catch it*""oh! chiiiiicken!""*start a long run after a third chicken*""you little feather sh*t! i swear once i catch you i'll pound your egg hole before eati-*massive bears groan*→""oh♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; → realise no more stamina after chasing the chicken→ ""oh shiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiit""_gun shot*3_ nature bear : 1 - human : 0respawn & run to find the dead body _ cannot find it _ losed all my  inventory""Goddam mother fu- OH! CHICKEN!!!"" *start running""Somewhere, Somehow, in a forest, a man run after chickens...-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------love those early access survival/exploration game,and the hype at each new update, love it.Subsistence is HARD, even on normal mode, expect to die a bunch of time, mostly because of your own fault.So  don't be impatient, stay on guard at every time, learn to abandon some crates-even if you want it soooo much- in order to stay alive.the dev, Coldgame, is doing a great job on his game.ATM, the game is only singleplayer; on the game menu you'll be able to see that one day a multiplayer would be possible.P.S: be careful of chickens, they're not that stupid, they're the real trap in the game... and soooo deliciousOH! CHICKEN! *start running*"
,Recommended,418030,29722374,Posted: 5 February,all,Arnold Schwarzenegger,"One man army has skills over 100 man army, i cant belive he made such a good survival game! Gj"
,Recommended,418030,30488531,Posted: 13 March,all,DontCareDeleted,so far the game is great
,Recommended,418030,30973643,Posted: 5 April,all,-Toxic-Shadow,Fun game for a very short period of time. I understand it is still in development and there will be updates but as of the time of this review. There are not many things in game and it gets boring pretty quick. I liked the gameplay though so I gave it a thumbs up.
,Recommended,418030,31195236,Posted: 17 April,all,TAW_LightningCh,"First of all, I would definitely recommend this game to anyone who enjoys a slow survival with a resource heavy crafting/base building system.The graphics are great, and the optimisation is great, I'm at the lower end of the requirements section and can still get 30fps with maximum graphics.Update are consistent, and adding new things, which is a huge plus :DThe overall gameplay, is... slow. which is a nice thing. I haven't progressed very far in all my hours on this game (I'm not great at it, and I have lost a couple worlds during file transfers, but enough about that)I only have 1 issue with the game... and that, it's random generation of resources can cause inconsistency between day to day play. (which ok, subsistence is about surviving with the bare minimum, but some days you can waste half a day looking for fibers)This problem is most prominent after death during your early days. A lack of chest and Fridge means you are carrying all food on you, and if you die you will respawn with so little resources (especially if you have built a BCU) that you can sometimes be forced into a chain of deaths purely by the games random generation.Example: I died after a bit of bad luck with wolves and a bear spawning near me as i was butchering the wolves. My fault for not listening out, but my BCU prevented me from spawning with a pistol, ammo, etc. Just an axe, a glowstick, and 1 bandage.So back to square one, find my BCU, then start hunting... except, while chasing down chickens and hunting for crates to open, my hunger, fruit, and protein bars drained enough to prevent stamina regen,  (I could not access a single crate that I saw due to wolves and bears being next to them). With no stamina left all I could do was keep searching for crates but to no luck. Died of malnourishment in the end.Respawn, and then I found every crate I could ever wish for and rebuilt my gear back to where I was before the first death before nightfall. And it's a good thing we can craft fire starters, otherwise I would have died from the cold and inability to cook the food I had.Overall the game is great, just there is sometimes an inconsistency on the random generation (5 crates in one area, and then suddenly 1 crate every 5 minutes) which makes this game a long slow grind, but a worthwhile one! Definitely enjoyed it so far."
76561198095121217,Recommended,418030,33405411,Posted: 9 July,all,كريس,'s good.
,Recommended,418030,33622173,Posted: 17 July,all,918 Spyder,The game is fun has a good supply of content and receives updates monthly 100% worth getting
76561198352464892,Recommended,418030,34208676,Posted: 13 August,all,MisterMeatface,This game is a must have for almost anyone who loves survival games.
,Recommended,418030,27769816,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,{DCB} My name is Kyle! Yay!,This game is intense.Dev is solo and kicks out updates 2-3 times a week.Buy it.Give him money.Now.
,Recommended,418030,28312999,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,San,"Awesome game so far, really love how the AI is set up."
76561198037887537,Recommended,418030,29061048,Posted: 6 January,all,The Mighty Chemung,Avoid Bears Simulator 2017 is fun.  Crafting is a little lackluster but the building makes up for it.  This game is going somewhere for sure.
76561198135151004,Recommended,418030,29337619,Posted: 18 January,all,scottbezanson93,"This is a really great game but like any early access game it has its flaws and things that should be added for a game of this genre and for a survival game there are some really key things that are missing ,1. wheres the water? theres no rivers or lakes2. you can craft a gun but not a bow and arrowI think anyone would have an easier time making a bow then making a 9mm in a survival situation3. a smoker to smoke meat would be a good addition4. when you die kiss your loot good bye theres damn near no recovering itOther then rocks theres no real landmarks to help aid you in finding your death location maybe a compass and a message saying your loot was dropped in the northern part of the map to give you a general search zone, its a pain to spend all day running around looking for resources only to have a wolf chase you into the arms of a not to cuddly bear5. this one kinda goes with 1 if there were rivers or a small pond/lake there could be fishing in the gameFish traps, nets or a fishing line with a hook would be great for getting food and throwing it in the smoker i mentioned would be a great addition ,6. the damn fibre, holy crap it the fibre ever hard to spot when you running around looting , maybe change the color of the plant so its more noticable ,7. you finally kill a wolf or bear ....thats it no skinning it and harvesting the meat or furIn a survival situation or a situation where someone is living a subsistance lifestyle there gunna take the fur to tan the hide and make clothing , leather etc and there gunna eat the meat i was vary surprised this wasnt an option after i finally killed a wolfthis is an absoulutly great game for 14.99 i would definitly say get this game its loads of fun these are just some things i think would amke the game a little more realistic and more fun to play ,"
,Recommended,418030,29796811,Posted: 8 February,all,⎛⎝Ptoman5 Productions⎠⎞,"If you are a fan of survival games, then this is definitley the game for you! It's constantly evolving in early access and every update always has new features to the game.The game can be difficult to get used to and can stay pretty difficult throughout your play. As of this moment in early access, there isn't much crafting possibilities but they are in development. You main way of getting resources is finding them in loot chests, providing you can sustain your vitals long enough to find the needed materials, all while avoiding the relentless animals and the devious hunters of the forest.Multiplayer is a feature currently in development and it is something we all cannot wait for to be able to survive with others or maybe even against them?I strongly recommend this game to any survival fan, you will be sure to enjoy it!"
,Recommended,418030,31586973,Posted: 6 May,all,iruleyounow,"I would say this is a pretty great start! Not a huge amount of content but whats there is pretty polished and the game runs very stable. I would definitely like to see more NPC's. The NPC's now are kind of linear, id like more variety and just more in general. I don't enjoy the crates and grinding although I understand why it's there. Overall the game just needs more content but the Dev's have done a great job on whats already there. As long as the game keeps getting addtions then I will be more than satisfied."
76561198051505813,Recommended,418030,32166055,Posted: 3 June,all,AlphaGamur,"If you like ""The long dark"" and ""The Forest"". Then buy this game. No bugs that I've found. If the Dev stopped right now and never did anything else to this game it would be worth the price. Just buy it, easily worth more!"
,Recommended,418030,33512432,Posted: 13 July,all,AustynRox,Good Game Deffiently get the game again when multiplayer is added for right now singleplayer is a little meh
76561198307482746,Recommended,418030,29968981,Posted: 16 February,all,Dyssoma,"SubsistenceSubsistence is a beautiful game, it has everything you ask from a survival game, I wont lie this game is challenging and yes i have rage quit many times but i always find myself coming back to this game as it always gives me a thrill.This is a Hardcore survival game that honeslty makes rust look like childs playthey have not yet got a multiplayer feature but the devs insist that one will be comingThe game is worth every cent8.2/10 still havnt found my dad who left me"
76561198140702035,Recommended,418030,31052777,Posted: 9 April,all,TheFlamer,"This is the Rust that Rust wants to be. But rust has a crappy commmunity that hates its own players and prides itself in killing all possibility of friendship within the game. Don't be like rust, make a system for multiplayer that doesn't reward KOS.Best survival game out there for the hardcore survivors."
,Recommended,418030,31169019,Posted: 15 April,all,TangerinaCat,"i bought this game a long time ago but i refunded it,i saw some videos of it now and i wish i didn'tgoing to buy it as soon as possibleplease add coop"
76561198072577531,Recommended,418030,31264272,Posted: 20 April,all,Rocky Jet,I love it and the lone developer is making this game awesome. Constant updates! Thank you! 10/10
,Recommended,418030,31686186,Posted: 11 May,all,Dairigadus IV,"Cool game, very good for this early, reminds me of Rust. I know Multiplayer is in progress but if you increase the map size by alot and add more stuff to harvest/gather/explore this game is amazing!"
,Recommended,418030,33013127,Posted: 29 June,all,PowerMan1469,"Loving the game so far, its like a better looking version of 7 days just need more things added to do. But for 1 man working on it its great play, i havent ran into any bugs. Adding MP will be fun. I do wish it showed where you died last so u can at least try to get back to ur body in 5 mins. Overall great game and hope its contintue to be worked and added on!"
76561198116284293,Recommended,418030,30362497,Posted: 6 March,all,lukelyons64,"so i've just come back to subsistence (i left for a number of reasons, not all because of the game). i was recently reading up on the new updates and additions, getting very excited to get back into it again. and then i was suddenly reminded of how much polish this game still needs. i had just built a wooden platform toward the end of the first day and suddenly a wolf attacks out of no where. i run and try to jump onto my platform (which can't be more than two feet off the ground). naturally i'm unable to get on the platform because of course, a two foot jump is absolutely unrealistic, right? sigh. seriously, you need a climb function or to re-evaluate the in game physics. i'm going to start back up again, but one person can't do this idea (as incredible as it is) justice. i hope a larger company spots this one and gives it the money and man power it so badly needs."
,Recommended,418030,34389319,Posted: 20 August,all,Weeed_eader,"I have played a couple of the survival, open world games that are big. Rust being one that I have almost 500 hours in, these are some of my favorite games.The more I looked into this game the more I started to really enjoy the direction that this guy is heading in. And yes, I said this guy. Apparantly the project is being worked on by a Solo developer and he is very willling to listen to players requests. He has made countless updates on it that were requested by players and have made the game better every time.Things arent too easy and you can increase difficulty if you would like. You can see where your dead body is. Loot is attainable yet challenging to get a lot of. And there is a lot of PVE and AI hunters which is what really hits it home for me. Most of these games are so reliant on their PVP or population in servers when this game has its fun solo, with muliplayer soon to come! Its so exciting to have this game now and I cant wait to see where it goes. Cheers to everyone to reads this and is looking for a new game to spend some time on.Trust me, get it now while its cheap. This game will get big."
,Recommended,418030,29926622,Posted: 14 February,all,kennedy_lincoln,Thank you for making a great game that pushes you !
76561197999494448,Recommended,418030,30067659,Posted: 20 February,all,Paratrooper82,"What is subsistence? Subsistence is a brutal survival game, with lots of stuff to craft already and a pretty decent hunger and thirst system.PROs: The map is of good size so far and the graphics are beautiful to say the least. What you can craft already is nicely done and makes you want to build better and nicer thigns, every time you are able to craft something new. The fact taht AI hunters who build their own outposts move into the map after you've established your base, is extremely intersting and adds some sort of adventure and complexity to the game. Also, the developer seems to care about this game and its community, and for not having a huge team, brings out updates fairly quickly and continuously.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yBia9vtQABMCONs: Obviously still early in production, so it doesn't have hundreds of hours of gameplay. (which really is not a CON) Sometimes the bears and wolves, at times overpowered can get on your nerves, if you don't have enough ammo to take them on.This game is one of the better survival early access games out on Steam. In my opinion, if the developer doesn't give up on his dream, keeps improving the entire game, builds up and improves the AI hunters, adds some sort of deeper meaning or features to the game and adds multiplayer, this game will be amazing.So far in my opinion I rate this game a solid 7/10, and that because it is already nicely done, has a minimum amount of bugs and has much promise."
76561198012385663,Recommended,418030,34352938,Posted: 19 August,all,Nobody,"Great game!  Not supper hard, but that will come over time."
76561198166196583,Recommended,418030,33931645,Posted: 31 July,all,Draxx,Please implement things like Craftable nails or a other way for scrapmetal. And please make the treefelling better!This game is great.
76561198273290045,Recommended,418030,30835064,Posted: 30 March,all,MasterJedi34,"Good job on creating subsistence man! Glad you made it. It's what i have played for the past few weeks.ALSO: Is there a like ""Game Suggestions"" Forum on the Discussions page. Because I have a couple of ideas that i hope people would hear me out on."
76561198069505390,Recommended,418030,26344054,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,romilus,"hi just wanted to say this game is cost me £10.50, which may seem like alot of money. but the game is so much fun to play the money spent on it is justafiable. also just want to say to coldgames, i would like to see what you can come up with if you had a team of people to work with. i tip my hat to you Sir."
76561198255136993,Recommended,418030,34998955,Posted: 16 September,all,UltimateVoider,"This game is rly hard core and every moment you spend in the game is a life or death matherYou start with a axe,pistol,glovstick and try and fight throu the wild life but not only that you have to watch out for enemy AI witch will spawn 2-3 days after seting up your base (BCU).At start you have to surrvive of crates.There are a lot of diferent typs of crates(Ammo crate ,First aid crate,Building crate and ofc the most epick crate of them all the Lockd Crate witch will give you 5-6 times more rare recorses than the other crates ).There are curently 3 typs of predators in the game Cougers Wolfs and Bears. I recoment to everyone thats looking for a chalange to get the game and see how far he will get.There is allso the posebilery to capture small animals (rabits and chickens) witch will give you food and more recorses based on their level .And one thing id love to see in this game and I hope that we will see it in a future update is fishingThat does it for my review of the game and I will see you all hopefuly one day in MP :D"
76561198238537364,Recommended,418030,34433818,Posted: 23 August,all,DREW BOI,"Awesome game, if you like survival games, this is for you. Can't wait for more updates, love everything about it and already played 20 hours in 2 days"
,Recommended,418030,30874786,Posted: 1 April,all,=X=,I know the game is in alpha but I wish it had more substance. I became bored after 100 or so hours because the updates didn't come quick enough. Over all a great game play and the one thing that I didn't like was starting completely over when I died. Your base was still there but everything in your backpack was gone. If you could find your back pack (which isn't marked on the map by the way) you're fine but if it's near night the back pack simply dissapears and that was the number 1 annoying facttor in the game.
76561198312045716,Recommended,418030,33824826,Posted: 26 July,all,GotNothinOnMe,"Amazing game that is fun to play, easy to understand, and is overall well put together. If you enjoy survival, against the elements and animals, with the occasional human hunter fighting you, you will LOVE this game. Its EPIC. Well worth the money"
,Recommended,418030,30115229,Posted: 23 February,all,PhineasGage,"Hmm... It is an EA game.Nice world design.  Excellent graphics for the outdoor world and in game crafted elements. Will I be spending much time in this game in it's current state... Probably not. I don't like spending nearly three hours looking for one element in the game that keeps progress at a stand still... FIBER... I literally had hundreds of nails... a pick, hatchet, bullets, food...But could not build a thing due to lack of finding fiber.  How much did I find?  Enough to build two foundations, one wall, and a fire starter kit.  I walked an entire game day avoiding bears and wolves just wondering the map looking for fiber and found very few."
76561198115913588,Recommended,418030,33145510,Posted: 2 July,all,Burnt Toast,Its hard but good
76561198010177140,Recommended,418030,28286246,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Ardendro,"loving the game so far, looking forward to more content. Reminds me of Rust legacy-which is no bad thing. !5-12-2016; new update, this is a warning, more adictive then crack"
,Recommended,418030,26254394,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,CGRAY,Subsistence has alot of potental for a Single Player Survival.
,Recommended,418030,28886714,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Vancer2,"THIS... THIS.. This game balances any survival game I have ever played. Your needs for survival are very balanced. Fruits, veggies, proteins and water. These are the factors that you need to keep up if you want to survive. Resources are just common, not too rare and not too abundant to keep you from death. Yes at the start you will die many times, but learn. eventually you will start to see the familiarity of where you are at. Also. You can craft chests without a base. So if you're in fear of dying. You can put items in chests. I don't know if animals attack them. I bought the game apparently just after the patch that allows you to disable hunters. I have them disabled. Its very fun. This game has A LOT OF POTENTIALAlso,If your about to die press escape and save and exit, start the game back up and you'll be healed and anything attacking you will be gone. Its going to be changed in the future."
76561198034045045,Recommended,418030,28882215,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,OzLotch,"( Read the suggestions at the end of review if you agree with new features for the game! )This game has a great potential of becoming a triple A game! If you're looking for a survival game that leads you into the unpredictable wilderness with real threats, such as Bears, Wolves and AI Hunters this is your game! The most important thing is that you'll need to take care of your hunger, HP and stamina in order to craft your way to survive. You never know when you'll step near a bear that will have no difficulty to kill you with a bite or two, so watch out and try to hear them before is too late...Just by having great graphics and a balanced survival gameplay, this is already a masterpiece for me! Expect great updates for the future, keep the good work dev!"" AI Camps will freak you out during the nights... ""CategoryGradeGameplay10/10Graphics10/10Sounds7/10Overall Rating9-> Suggestions:- Introduce the Bow and Arrow or a spear to the game, making an alternative (and less resourceful) way for killing small animals such as rabbits and chickens on early game.- Make scrap metal more avaiable in the world, since it's used very often in any kind of crafting.- Small rivers could be a great way for fishing and stuff.- A simple radio would bring a chilling soundtrack for your base during the days or nights. It would kill that silence.- Fibers and Blueberries are commonly mistaken with each other, so I would highlitgh one of them or change the model to be more recognizable.- Spawn more AI Camps but make them less stronger, so they could speed up their camp construction but the fight would be more balanced.- Traps and walls could be a great way of defending against any kind of threat.- Reduce animal chase time would increase survival chance.- Introduce Stone, cement or clay to the game, so better defenses could be built.- Make AI patrol routes around the map carrying loot on tamed animals, so it's up to the player to attack them at higher risk to get the loot or let them pass.- I would change the wood log dropping sound, because it sounds like something falling into the water when you chop a tree.- Remove the fences for for invisible walls or replace them with the sea. If there's a thing gamers don't like very much is world limit, so making a long sea would make most of them to give up. (it's not a big deal, just a detail... :D)( February 6th, 2017 - Note: )I simply don't have words to describe the amazing community feedback the developer have been giving us. Being able to test the game and suggest what to do next is the best kind of partnership between developer/community. I wouldn't imagine someone would really care for what we think at all, but the guy behind it is the real MVP!( March 29th, 2017 - Note: )I noticed that the game could be more imersive if an history or some misteries could be found such as cerimonial trees with altars from a tribe, or even some blood marks on rocks, that kind of thing.In addition to that, some things could be come in hand:- A hook for rock climbing (is it too ambitious? xD)- A tent (maybe for the future snow update, huh? :D)- Checkpoints or markers (A cheaper version of the BCU to save the point of interest)- I bigger wild plant that you could take its fruits to eat or choose to scrap for fibers.( May 23th, 2017 - Note: )- Upgradable bow, with drawspeed for quicker shots would be nice.- Take fruits from trees.- Hunting knife to get more resources from animals.- Reduce Game Crashes. (Idk if it's my pc, but I experienced 2 game crashes in less than 1 hour since the last patch...)- Hatchet upgrades (chop down trees faster)- Long Scope for the hunting rifle.( July 10th, 2017 - Note: )- Fishing Spots.- Coal and coal machine to generate some primitive energy- Weapons could be cheaper or easier to craft in the weapons workbench- Legendary (high level) animals on caves, for example, a lvl 10 white bear on the mountains.- Rainy days with debuff to HP- Some sort of zoom tool, scope or binoculars"
76561198115203439,Recommended,418030,32901665,Posted: 27 June,all,The Hash Slinging Slasher,this game has alot of potential i really reccomend
76561198031037614,Recommended,418030,30578759,Posted: 17 March,all,Subotai,Great game
76561198344953165,Recommended,418030,28873656,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,cakeawesome,very good survival game hopefully will add more guns and a marker for houses. Still a great Survival game
76561198317757292,Recommended,418030,29770228,Posted: 7 February,all,Laundry Machine,optimization suuuuuuuucccccckkkkkkksssssss fix before multiplayer plz not real revew fun so far but bad optimazation
,Recommended,418030,34358481,Posted: 19 August,all,StarDestroyer,This game is totally worth buying
76561198244226504,Recommended,418030,26690957,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,nickerfran,make ai better
76561198128523406,Recommended,418030,26247151,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Mellie (October 25th),Would love to play this more.. If only I didn't get killed every ten to twenty steps.  The bloody gore doesn't bother me..  The dropping of my loot does.  Could you please tell me why it so hard to find crates that are not guarded..? Fiber I have found the most is 6.  This would be fun if only...
76561198016638391,Recommended,418030,26251029,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,LittleCookie(aka WIZZ),"I think this game has tons of potential. I've been playing alot today and have enjoyed it tons,only thing is...I'm not too good at staying alive for long enough to build anything but I'll keep at it untiI I do! The game is worth every penny and I hope the Dev can do all he hopes with this. I have to give him credit where credit is due...it's awesome and I love it! To think, it's only going to get better!"
,Recommended,418030,26275648,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,God damn,แนะนำครับเกมส์นี้ + กับราคาที่ไม่ได้แพงเวอร์ แล้วก็ + กับตัวเกมส์ยังเป็น Early Access Game (ก็ต้องมีพัฒนาอะไรใหม่ๆมาแน่นอน)จุดเด่นๆเลยก็- ภาพสวยพอสมควร- บรรยากาศเกมส์ดีมากก- ระบบเกมส์ก็เหมือนกับเกมส์ Survival ทั่วไป ไม่ซับซ้อนอะไร- ระบบการสร้างบ้านถือว่าดี ไม่ค่อยมีการ error ในการวาง Foundation แทบจะวางได้ทุกที#บรรยากาศภายในเกมส์ก็ประมาณนี้https://youtu.be/7HBXD_6nbEs
,Recommended,418030,26241886,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Frap1K,Very beautifully made game of course some animations need work on but the game is still work in progress ! So far zoo good!
76561198289613833,Recommended,418030,26288586,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,xxVfighterxx,this game is cool it has unique gameplay the and really hard so if ur a really gud at surviving well try this game its hardI like this game really cool stuff its still an alpha (i think) so this game has a long way to go
76561198202807798,Recommended,418030,26320371,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,ihatedoritos,"I am very neutral at this point. There are a few things that make this game not as enjoyable.... The concept, graphics and basic controls are good. The fact that the wildlife almost overwhelms the map and you basically have to hope to outrun them or die repeatedly is bothersome. I know this game is early in development so I am still rooting for it. I just feel that it is more of a walking simulator with some survival aspects. My suggestions would be to make the fiber plants easier to differentiate from normal plants, make wildlife a little more sparse and maybe make more items lootable or more items you can gather resources from. I also like the idea I saw in another post about being able to establish a elationship status witht the AI. Otherwise... good game and has awesome potential to be successful. Keep up the hard work devs."
,Recommended,418030,26351848,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,prophyz,"There is no specific ETA on how long Subsistence will be in Early Access, but it’s made known that the game will stay in Early Access until ColdGames is confident in the amount of gameplay polish and content depth provided to the general public.I would say you are buying into the 'potential' of this game. Not the first Steam game I purchased in this manner. And I still play those games today, so I was willing to take the risk of the future 'potential' this product may offer.I've played only about 3 hour into it, here are my thoughts:- Noticed it's using UE3/UDK over UE4, wondering if UE4 is planned?- Performance is fairly solid but dips to 45-50 in some rare instances- Looks pretty, though animal/entity animations need a bit of work- Sound design needs work, like a lot- Very grind-heavy, building stuff is time consuming as hell- Animals are dangerous (no joke, learn to sneak)- Hunters are even more dangerous- Hunting chickens with low stamina is not the best idea I ever hadIt's been in development for a while (about a year maybe?) now, and just released on EA, it's not like it started development a month ago or something, there definitely has been some effort into it but even still it does need some work.Looking forward to seeing how it progresses,great dev. Wish him the best with the game !"
,Recommended,418030,26244737,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Poticus,Pretty good but needs alot of work would definately benefit from a bow or something in which you can make ammo for.
,Recommended,418030,26334225,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Ceronos,"WHOOOOOAAA MAN!!!!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vJwZixQ8EgsThis is a game worth watching. More so, worth supporting now because it comes out of a one man team.Gameplay can be really difficulty, but needs to stay as it. Allot of the complainers play less than an hour, or just come off as incompetent. ""The cold night kills me"" Really now, and HOW would you go about resolving that?This isn't a crafting game. You need to actually make a base before the days tasks really start becoming apparent. Building a generator, to power your base and increase the amount of production you are capable of doing in a shorter amount of time. Oh but you need to hunt animals for biofuel, however, NPC hunters will start showing up to make things even more hectic.Yes ammo is scarce. Go play Battlefield if you wanna shoot things, or something else entirely that's catered to the notion of shooting every minute. This isn't the game for you, you will NOT make that kind of ammo unless you are really good.This game requires patience, some modest intelligence, but more so just common sense.Unfortunately the game crashes allot at the moment. Believe me, I've played tons of survival EA games and this is one that has crashed more often than many.I recommend waiting and keeping an eye on this till it's been updated a few more times. By all means, jump on board the EA train but seriously don't purchase if you're one of the forum complainers.No one wants to read about how you are incapable of googleing something, or how a youtuber is having a ""hard time"" with the game."
,Recommended,418030,34422500,Posted: 22 August,all,Tigarious,Dying simulator 2017Seriously though. You will die. A lot.
76561198325596482,Recommended,418030,26249876,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Grimplance,"Really happy I purchased this game, defenitely worthwhile. So far I have played 8 hours, and I cant get enough. Really recommend this to anyone looking to buy."
76561198096320396,Recommended,418030,26300342,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Stripes,I think this is a great game but until coop is actually available I think difficulty settings would be nice. Also maybe make it easier to get started and progressivly harder. Last thing I think building should require nails OR cordage that way players can have an easier time with their first base. Other than that 10/10
76561198324101476,Recommended,418030,26240790,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Cynox,"The game has real potential. As a profound lover of survival games, I can see this reaching extraordinary heights; A sort of mix between Cabela Hunting, and Pioneer Survival. I love it! I think it was a perfect time to begin EA as player input (both positive and negative) are essential for appropriate game progession. Congrats and good luck on the continuous work here!Quick Suggestions:-More Fibres! I've scoured countless acres only to craft a handful of cords.-Less initial Wildlife Dmg, perhaps have it progess with an integrated 'current player status'.-Easier Lumberjacking: Marked or fallen trees/stumps indicating previously harvested fauna.-Higher Quality Goods : Found in specific bags & lockers. (Ex. Cloth for easier armoring)-Slower Meter Degeneration: Both food as well as bleed effects are currently doing drastic initial dmg to 'Fresh' characters (Refering again to the progression with 'current player status').Progression Suggestions:-Water, fish, a craftable boat.-Water Irrigation for crafted gardens, penalties for not crafting/irrigating crops appropriately.-Larger variation of Wildlife-Multiplayer* Coming soon, I know. <3 ;)Again, I feel a great many things about the forward progression of this game; foremost being excitement to the limitlessness potential for the games great many possible plot directions still to unfold.You've done some amazing work for an Independant Producer, ColdGames, and congrats on the sign-on with Unreal I'm sure you'll work wonders together.Cheers - From an Inspired Fan"
,Recommended,418030,26325110,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,kizzzz,Great game.
76561197962150819,Not Recommended,418030,30125171,Posted: 23 February,all,Gremlinz グレムリンズ,"I really, really tried to like it. I gave up today. I knew I was taking a risk buying this game, but I really love survival without zombies and thought I'd give it a try. I know this is not the finished game but it's unplayable at this point. The animals are way to tough, headshots don't count form much and you need a full clip to kill anything, yet you make one bullet at a time after hours of searching for the components. I was so excited about the bow..... well that passed after I tried to shoot a wolf 3 meters away and missed twice. The resources are really hard to find so you need to run around a lot, there are animals everywhere so you need to run away from them.... and so on."
76561198061891686,Not Recommended,418030,30517169,Posted: 14 March,all,Kristrin,"UPDATE: I took some time to play the game again, after my review, mostly because of the reply I got.  While I still can't recommend it, this game has amazing potential.  There are balancing issues, but the core of a good realistic survival game is there.  I think those balancing issue cause a lot of frustration and then the community that exist for this game makes things worse.  I would like to see the forums moderated and directed to be more positive.  So in a few months, I will revisit this rewviewOriginal Review Below:1. The forum for this game is toxic, so it's impossible to get any help unless you want to be verbally abused.2. The developer only listens to long time, hardcore players. So this game will continue to get harder and harder.3. No matter what anyone tells you, if you don't like it within 2 hours refund it.I got this game after watching several people play it on youtube.  I didn't realize that they were experienced players with tons of practice and 100 of hours invested.  This game is hard, even when you play in easy mode. People on the forums will tell you that you need to invest time in the game that goes past the refund period.  Don't do this.  At 2 hours I found this game frustrating and beyond difficult.  At 50 hours, I still find it frustrating and beyond difficult and now can't get my money back.The developer for this game unfortunately only seems to listen to those hardcore players that only want to make the game more difficult.  I started in easy mode cuz I wanted something to ease me into the hunting and dealing with enemy AI.  Animals are unforgiving and you will die over and over; I never got into playing against the AI hunters.  My first hour of this game was dying, 10 times.  There is no room to learn and at no point will this game be relaxing.Who is this game for? People who are only interested in playing a few games and really focusing on only those games. The forum is filled with talk of learned skills and other things to belittle new players.  Spending months on one game isn't for me.  I like to play many games and usually what I play is dependent on my mood.  No matter what mood I'm in, gaming is suppose to be fun and relaxing.  Substistence is a chore and feels more like a job.  Any mistakes you make are completely your fault.  If you complain about anything, there are crazy fanboys littering the forums to rip you apart.I admit my review of this game is harsh, but I feel it's another early access lie.  And while I don't play this game anymore, I do watch the forums, mostly to learn about updates.  The forums are what♥♥♥♥♥♥me off the most, they are simply toxic and should be closed."
76561198058697785,Recommended,418030,26238938,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Geezer56,"I've played just about 3 hours in game but watched a lot of videos from the people who were given early releases.  And I'm gonna say this about it....""A true survival experience"".  A life or death outcome based on your decision, should I get that crate/tree/fiber even though there is a bear/wolf nearby.  Should I shoot that level 3 bear/wolf with my 9mil early game or should I save ammo for a level 1.  Food, water, meat are all handled outstandely in my opinion.  But yes it's hard and survival should be.Tweaks, tweaks and more tweaks are coming so be patient.  So keep an eye out....stop occasionally to see what's there.  That's the most important thing right now in this game....BE AWARE of YOUR SURROUNDINGS.That's my opinion and I'm sticking with it.  It's a fun game but not a run and kill."
76561198252684600,Not Recommended,418030,29510051,Posted: 26 January,all,YaBoiYevin,"Bought this game, had tons of fun with it at first. Then I did everything once and suddenly there was nothing to do. Absolutely no longevity due to the fact that there's no multiplayer yet. Build a base, kill a hunter or two, and then you're done.Overall 6.5/10Pros:-Good base building. I like how the time is done on it. It takes like 10-20 seconds to build a part for your base (Wall, ceiling) but then you can place it instantly.-The combat is ALRIGHT, you aren't going to get one-tapped by a hunter when you can't even see them, giving you time to react, but i have no idea whether or not I'm hitting my target half of the time-Good crafting. I like the items you're able to craft. Everything has a use and at some point or another, you will probably have to craft every item in the game. You also have to build a base in order to craft better items.. Neat.-The time (as mentioned before). I really like how long it takes to do things in this game. It's not like those games where it takes 3 hours to build something or you can speed it up by using in game currency. It's inbetween minecraft creative mode and one of those other ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t games. Cooking and other things apply to this as well.Cons:-The wildlife. There's like 3 bears and 5 wolves growling at me at any given time. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.-Protein. You have these bars that control your stamina. They are hunger, thirst, protein, and fruits/veggies. All of them work well except for protein. You kill a wolf with 6 of your bullets (that aren't super easy to get), you get a liver or steak, cook it, eat it, and then your hunger instantly fills up and your protein barely does at all. You can get to a point where you can literally eat no more meat, but your protein level is♥♥♥♥♥♥ therefore ♥♥♥♥ing your stamina.-Longevity-Wildlife Combat. It takes 6-9 9mm shots to kill a wolf, (9 is more than your clip carries so you have to reload while fighting) and like 12-ish to kill a bear. They 2 shot you if they're a high enough level. Their attack speed is too high for the damage or vice versa.-Cold. I wasn't sure whether or not to complain about this. You spawn without a shirt. When it becomes night time, you will freeze to death if you're not by a fire the entire time. So when it becomes night, you have to just sit still the entire time. I crafted a shirt which isn't easy to do because one of the materials isn't craftable and semi-hard to find, and I still started to freeze at night. Bad feature.Not worth howevere much the game was for 6 hrs of playtime where you're sitting still for half of it"
76561197960384841,Recommended,418030,26222749,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Sh4rk,"A running simulator...Spawned, got mauled to death by a bear.  Spawned again and chase down and eaten by a wolf.Would spawn again..."
76561198059435407,Recommended,418030,26304894,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,SeaWeed,"Great Game, I am really enjoying this.  Keep up the good work."
76561198011609180,Not Recommended,418030,29880540,Posted: 12 February,all,ZHOEVAN,"There are several ways a review can go of this game there is some good and some really bad points to be made - if you [devs] want brutal honesty read further if you think you have ""arrived"" and this is all going to be great just stop looking at this comment.Pros: gameplay is smooth menu and functionality of menu seems fine. Changing graphic settings doesnt really seem to affect the visuals in any way- a plus for slow crappy computers but no benefit for serious gamers. The depth of crafting looks like it is planned out reasonably logically however the fact you have to get nails from supply drops soon becomes a negative.Enemy Hunter Logic is better than most, they build a campfire, gather resources and so on and honestly might be the best part of the entire game. Upon attack they never run out of ammo and never miss if you dont find cover. Would expect the loot to contain more useable resources if you want to show balance.  Once you kill one they kinda pack up and leave not sure if there is ever more than one hunter.ConsBegining with the animation- seriously the wolves look like those electric hockey table top machines from the 60's they just slide back and forth howl once then eat your face off.the jump and eat animation is decent otherwise just really a poor effort.-the player character doesnt appear to have any cuts or scrapes in third person just sweaty Ken dolls that then fall over dead. They lack any true traits to distinguish one from another.The wood flying off the tree is ridiculous since it almost blends into the gorund and can't be found or falls into the tree truck and can't be retrieved.The early game is terrible, not nearly enough resources or weapons available to stay alive long enough to get to, much less enjoy the mid game. In my opinion you should be able to ""survive"" by natural resources or be provided adequate weapons to kill the wolves, stun them, trap them or a feasible means to escape an attack. Without adequate supplies you cannot build a structure to keep the animals at a distance, nor can you hide anywhere since they magically climb over cliffs and eat you with nothing to stop them.Once you get a base your are still dependant on supply drops from the game gods for items to just survive or expand. The iron copper or other resources you harvest is unusable until so late into the game you have lost interest due to the unbalanced early game. There is no water source other than water bottles in drops, no rain to catch no river etc. I could drone on for hours about this lack of actual content to make this a survivor game but will close with - don""t bother with multi player the map is the size of my back yard with 10 wolves and 10 bears, even co-op would be like living in gta with houses next to one another.Honestly there are un paid mods for ark that have thousands of hours of better content than you have tossed into this project, if it was 1.99 you would be overpaid - but $13 bucks is a total rip off."
76561198272770286,Not Recommended,418030,26370577,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,ManBeast,"At the rate of improvement the game will be good soon. BUT it is not great now, it needs to be more ""try to survive"" than make a base and kill everything you see.Not worth 14 dollars yet, but it will definitly soon."
,Recommended,418030,28723619,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,King Pin(gu),"(please comment ways I can improve my review, no flaming please but if you feel the need go ahead I won't rise )Firstly, for all the people mocking others saying wah wah I died boo boo, please f*ck off, it doesn't help any one and really you just look like an ar*ehole, honestly if someone is finding something hard, help them, don't mock them (que sh*t storm of wah wah)Ok good, now I've got that out of the way I want to give my honest opinion . I love this game, and I think people would love it more if they appreciated it was a work in progress by only one person at that. Updates are regular but not too often and the content of these updates are again bottle necked by a one man work force but even this is admirable. *Hats off*Focusing on what content there actually is, it's very very promising. The game feels authentic but not bogged down by overt realism, the systems he is setting up are well implemented and will surely make way for more complex systems in the future once balancing and tweaks have been established.The game is harsh but fair with one exception, animals. It is clear alot of people are having issues with the animals. Personally I think the only problem is when you spawn in, it hasn't happened to me fortunetly , but some people immediately upon spawn have been killed by animals, perhaps introducing a radius system will help with this? Nothing spawns in the radius for a certain amount of time etc etc. As for dealing with the animals, always walk never run, and listen for animals they give warning growls, if you are alert and vigilant (as you should it's a survival game) then you will be fine and you can always run away.Building is hard, in my first few hours I only managed to build a foundation and a wall but a few hours later I managed a 2x1 base with full walls( no ceilings still don't have any xD) and it felt really really rewarding to have achieved that, the grind is there but fair. I like the loot box system for now , but hopefully it will tweaked in the future , like airdrops, or helicoptered in crates , basically a scripted event the player has more control over with grater loot rather than super random crates.The hunters is a great idea for single player I hope it can evolve into something bigger, maybe you could allie with them and  then trade with them (and then back stab them and take everything and then they won't trust you anymore) maybe basic gathering quests too.Honestly, this game is worth it and has the potential to be brilliant, as it is, it's a good few hours of entertainment and pure survival, and if it becomes what the Dev wants then I'm sure it will be one of the best survival games of 2017,TL;DRGreat game, harsh but fair-Unlucky spawns can mess you up and make it hard to get into-Animals in this respect need to be balanced+Rewarding survival mechanics+- solitary experience so far, if that's what you want good, if not hold off for now+Regular updatesIf you are unsure, wait and watch , see what happensHopefully this was a fair enough review, I do have bias I do very like this game, but again it is a work in progress, if you buy it you have to face the early access lottery, but it is promising"
76561197981004817,Recommended,418030,26465347,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Avery,A few glitches but its alpha. Pretty fun and challenging.
,Recommended,418030,26364289,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,My name is not important,"Why is it that every survival game I try has this ♥♥♥♥ing notion that ""ALL RESOURCES MUST BE SCARCE""?I get it that there's gotta be a challenge to it, but when I spend 30 minutes looking for fibers, as opposed to 30 minutes GATHERING fibers, my patience wears thin. (Yes I know what they look like. You can save it.)Then there's the fact that if you die, everything continues as it was, so you can be respawning and be immediately met with night and freezing temperatures.All that aside, the game shows potential. I don't suggest buying it this early on, but definitely keep an eye on it. There are far too many early access survival games here on steam, and most of them won't ever be finished."
76561198122599840,Recommended,418030,26251915,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Vondragon,A few words to review this other survival.Consider it as a kind of Rust but only PvE with animals and NPC Ai to kill.Did you like Rust and you enjoy doing PvE?So Buy it!Great price and it will also be implemented multiplayer in the future.
76561198077742238,Recommended,418030,26365881,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,sidswayin,Well 8 loved this game just wanted to tell u the fiber is rare i got about 2 in 30 min so if there was someother source of fiber tht would be great like ivy plants tht sort of thingOther than tht i love it hope to play more ..... thanx man
76561198132235826,Recommended,418030,26326273,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,UnjoGratisTheForbiddenMonkeyGod,This game is great! But can you remove the Protien and Veggie food bars? Having just food & water bars is better.
,Recommended,418030,28204727,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,DatSh3d3vil,What's to say! This game is beautiful and I personally haven't encountered any issues yet.  I think the developer is doing a great job.  Will definitely be fun to play with others when the multiplayer is available.  I find it very challenging as well and I'm sure many people would like that aspect.
76561198205228683,Recommended,418030,26342599,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Haven,"This is a very fun game, but once you die you can never find your stuff because it is in such a tiny box, and than to add on top of that i had 10 hunters around where i died and i only have a shotty and an m4... and been playing for 6 hours... This game is really hardcore right now but once he releases multiplayer this game will be 10x better but until then.... Good Luck, i think im just going to wait until multiplayer because its to hardcore as of right now."
76561198105218214,Recommended,418030,26255179,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Xx420YoloSwagMoney69SexMasterxX,Theres more than meets the eye. Highly recomend
,Recommended,418030,32550331,Posted: 18 June,all,thebigstickihityouwith,"Haven't seen anyone else yet but I died three times before I managed to build a piece of foundation and a wall. The secret is to avoid confrontation at all costs! Want that crate? Forget it!If I had one complaint it would be the amount of ammo it takes to drop an animal. I mean OK maybe a wolf can absorb 7 bullets but a chicken should be knackered after one. And don't get me started on rabbits!It's also WAY too easy to make a shotgun.But it is fun and well worth a spin. If you enjoyed The Long Dark, then you'll possibly enjoy this too."
76561198182346295,Recommended,418030,26513016,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,firelight44,one of the best survivle games. not as good as rust. but i cant wait until it has multiplayer because it is early on but fun. bw developer please take away the need for nails to build. and please lower the difaculty.
43402402520682123,Recommended,418030,30380056,Posted: 7 March,all,Music Junkie,"Before I start-Needs a way to window the gameNow for the review;the game itself is solid, for 4 dollars this game would sell so fast you couldn't keep it on the shelves... wait this is digital...The game isnt worth what its selling for at the moment but it is ""Early Access"" meaning there is more to come, i understand this and I have it in my library and check it for updates weekly. I can play it as it is now with its building (which isnt half bad) the AI hunters, who have decent AI themselves and the animals (a bit overpowered / have too much health)Pros:-AI works, so far-Building is at a good point-guns are decentCons:-Guns either dont do enough damage or animals seem to have too much health. I should be able to kill a wolf with 5 shots to the neck / chest with a pistol (even the weak♥♥♥♥♥lookin one you spawn with) Bears I can understand, they are hulking beasts but the wolves should drop like flies.-Fiber is too hard to find in my opinion, even if it spawns sometimes I miss it because the ♥♥♥♥in stuff is almost impossible to see.-Building takes too long / gathering is too slow. hopefully we get a ""X2 / X3"" like there is in ARKSuggestions-Fiber is plant fiber correct? I think you should take the ARK / 7D2D approach and make it so you can cut up grass to make fiber-Tree falling animation would be neat-Giant Mechs so we can reinact the great war of 3259, for science"
76561198297116703,Recommended,418030,28482338,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,QcY,"most beautiful open world survival crafting game so far, would love if the trees acutally could fall down tho, but otherwise 9/10"
76561198094277100,Recommended,418030,34700770,Posted: 2 September,all,dustymccray :3,I think the game can work out. Hey i like it alot.
76561198216221456,Recommended,418030,34780741,Posted: 6 September,all,shoes7340,This is really fun don't listen to others fun but hard
76561198029135482,Recommended,418030,34916412,Posted: 13 September,all,ItsNumptyDumpty,"this really needs co-op, not masive multi just to be able to play with 3 or so friends would make it so much better but a good game at this stage"
76561198174226191,Recommended,418030,29773467,Posted: 7 February,all,wrangler258,"i have played this for several hrs great game, i wish there was a map and a way to retrieve what you have lost when you die"
76561198358009983,Recommended,418030,29776476,Posted: 7 February,all,asgardiagaming,"I love the theory behind this game. Maybe it's just my dumb luck, but it seems that on your first day crates seem to be available at will. Day two and three not so much. Between the second and third day, I maybe found 2-3 crates. Now for a game that currently has no looting, players are very dependable on what those crates offer. Mainly the matches, nails, and the electonic components. Don't get me wrong, I'm hooked. I'm going to keep playing this game. Fair warning though to those who decide to give it a try...you will be tested. I'm hoping that somewhere down the line loot becomes more available. All in all though, as frustrating as this game is right now....it's a blast."
,Recommended,418030,30492731,Posted: 13 March,all,clyde,its soooooo fun i love it
,Recommended,418030,30593257,Posted: 18 March,all,Pleb,Let me give you a quick run down:People who like the game: survival enthusiasts who actually put in time to learn how to play and appreciate the game and develop skills.People who hate the game: WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH! ITS TOO ♥♥♥♥ING HARD!
,Recommended,418030,32226545,Posted: 6 June,all,Commie Slayer,Very funsoooo hard
76561198108719090,Recommended,418030,33746516,Posted: 23 July,all,pimpofdadead,this game is very good well thought out and look forword to mor updates
76561198402039704,Recommended,418030,34250057,Posted: 14 August,all,eliasmancias123,"i love the game in general, but i cant wait for multiplayer to come into play. keep up the great work"
,Recommended,418030,34362601,Posted: 19 August,all,Wolven,"Ok, so i have a few thoughts on this gameFirst off, after only 20 hours of gameplay, i already have found that there is essentially only 2 places i can ever build (due to terrain & box spawns) i understand the crates are a placeholder however i feel the spawns are not evenly splitOTHER1. Nails are not common enough, once i start building my base i run out very quickly, and due to the fact that crates are unevenly found, and not all have nails, i find myself with storage full of wood and very little nails.2. hunters when they initially spawn have literally nothing in their base, i would like to see a tiny incentive to jumping on them while they're still building3. !!MULTIPLAYER PLEASE OH MY GOD THAT WOULD BE AMAZING!! even just 2 olayer through steam (like the forest) would be awesome. I dont know if you could contact them and ask for some help if you need it.This is all i can think of for now, but overall this game is awesome! Love the consistent updates and clear vision for the game. <3"
,Recommended,418030,29450199,Posted: 23 January,all,NvZoom,"Already 11 hours and a 5x4 base setup with a few deaths and its looking great so far. I find it a little costly for building and I think that should maybe be cut down just a tad so its not such a back and forth trip looking for every material within the 30mins of light you have, but the game is coming along great and was amazed just 1 developer has put it together this far in his freetime, worth the price for sure."
76561198152383224,Recommended,418030,29492200,Posted: 25 January,all,Djcosmos,This is a great game that i think has tons of potential for improvement
76561198085156287,Recommended,418030,29535113,Posted: 27 January,all,Kdogrules29,well here is my review i hope you see it if not its ok. um the easy mode until i get used to it it says less animals but i seem to be in the middle of a lot of them. i know you are doing what you can and it is an awesome game i love it just wish in easy mode it wasnt so hard to get some stuff. but yeah keep up the great work man and if you see this well even if you dont leave a reply atleast like for me if you can man. thank you.
,Recommended,418030,29577219,Posted: 29 January,all,Illusionsociety.ggopenskins.com,"-Amazing Detail-Eh Handling-Eh Performance-Great Gameplay-Hours of Fun-IMPOSSIBLE TO FIND FIBER-difficult, too difficult-mlg-pro gamer meme manz onlyI r8 8/8 m8."
76561198141991216,Recommended,418030,29988151,Posted: 17 February,all,BIGJERK>XI<,i just wanna say i love this game but somethings suck like when u chopp trees  u only get 3 logs or so and picking thiem up sucks need beter way and getting chickens need better way  but other then that its so awsome
,Recommended,418030,30485476,Posted: 12 March,all,Poo Plunger,"Wow, where do I even begin! I have been looking for a survival game that I actually enjoy playing and I have finally found it! I have put about 7 hours on the game so far and they have been incredible! The graphics are absolutely amazing for being early access! The gameplay mechanics are very well done so far for being early access! The AI is fun to play against and the game is actually quite fun to play with just yourself! It is actually a challenge at some times, between avoiding death from the animals and the AI. I can't wait for multiplayer support! There is only a few suggestions I could make. One would be to lower the animal agro range, I have found that I could be quite far away from an animal and It still manages to agro and chase me to my death. And second, make the collectable plants a little more noticeable. This may be a part of the difficulty but I find myself having a hard time spotting them even up close. Absolutely recommend this game for someone looking for a challenge while enjoying awesome graphics!"
76561198006780984,Recommended,418030,31573511,Posted: 5 May,all,edson_jr,"Very good alpha!Stable with added content in a regular basis, incremental steps.Some is missing here and there (its an alpha), like triangular foundations,Some balance is needed (too low damage from 9mm, much less than an arrow), but its just a matter of twitch here and there, as is happening afaik.Im on the 60th in-game day and im about to place my BCU, but i must to confess that it got tense on the start.Now, base building stuff to wait for the hunters (lets see how it interacts with animals and so.Untill now, i can only congrat the dev.Keep the good work!o>"
76561197970773731,Recommended,418030,32915495,Posted: 27 June,all,macker36,Great game and worth the price. For an early access it has better gameplay and more polished than lots of completed games available.
76561198212427697,Recommended,418030,33896299,Posted: 29 July,all,Lazy Lawnmower,"Subsistence is a early access survival game in wich your only hope of survival is to forage weapons, a base, and tools. Subsistence is a great game overall, The Dev (ColdGames) Is a studio of 1, He is working very hard to fix bugs and add new items and mechanics to keep his following tuned with patches and updates. I WILL SAY THIS ONCE, THERE IS ONLY 1 DEV, NO OTHERS. JUST HIM. IT IS NOT EASY TO GET AS FAR AS ColdGames HAS. So if you are just here to hate, Just leave. Don't put negative reviews towards the game. Just leave it alone and go play another game while this game progresses. This is not a Rust clone, nor are any other survival games. JUST BECAUSE RUST IS THE MOST SUCCESSFUL SURVIVAL GAME DOES NOT MEAN SURVIVAL GAMES WITH SMALLER FOLLOWINGS HAVE CLONED RUST.Thank you for reading my review, And Coldgames, If you are reading this, KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK! don't let anyone fault you for what you are doing, just go with what you think is right, it is your game afterall!"
,Recommended,418030,34365217,Posted: 19 August,all,roguedriver,"I usually get sick of survival games after my 1500th death, but this one keeps drawing me back in. The graphics are fantastic, the gameplay seems to strike a great balance between game and realism, and it keeps me constantly on my toes.Not to mention that the developer seems to be more active than any I've seen recently so I'm confident this game is only going to get even better."
,Recommended,418030,34752340,Posted: 5 September,all,SonicBlaster,This game is amazing!
76561198019412592,Recommended,418030,28041649,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,FALCON,Nice game but seems hes not done yet
,Not Recommended,418030,29312559,Posted: 17 January,all,HopelessDecoy,"PROS:the pics look goodthe game worksthe crafting is in orderit is the START of a decent survival gameCONS:the games enemy spawns are set up very lazily in clusters with levels above thier heads like an MMOresources are randomly spawned all over in survival packstrees are wood vending machinesbears can run up mountain like rock walls very quickly and then kill you, there is no safety on large rocksthe area is small with a metal fence surrounding the playable areathere are many many other small issues with this game not as worth mentioningdeath penalties are pretty harsh for how early on and in development this game isSUMMARY:This is being done by a single dev so I don't want to be too hard on it and the price is pretty reasonable for how well it works however, I don't recommend it because of how simple everything in the game is and how super alpha it feels. For a slightly higher price you could get an amazing survival game that is much further in development than this one. If I were to put a price on what I saw I'd say 5 dollars but I really think the game should stop adding features and work on imersive atmosphere. Such as better spawning, better game walls than a chain link fence, more realistic resource gathering, bears that cannot scale cliffs, and most importantly while balancing and bugs are rampant there should be a less harsh death penalty. on death you lose everything which is fine in a beta/finished games but in alpha it isn't difficulty its illogical. This is just my warning and opinion but if you like his idea and wanna support it that's fine!"
76561198210071037,Recommended,418030,29580269,Posted: 29 January,all,intence66,ahhh im going to get a refund ........... the game graphics and design and the screen shots ive seen from other players are legit the game that you see and get and do everything in and it does look promising but for me its not really my kind of game so im going to have to ask for a refund but to behonst it does look like a good game but not for me
,Recommended,418030,29775657,Posted: 7 February,all,RX The Rugged Doge,"Okay so this game definately is not for everyone and it's still in the early stages so expect some graphic and animation quirks and i'm sure the limited amount of items and models will eventually be replaced.it's an effective single player survival game that already as is beats ♥♥♥♥ing horrible♥♥♥♥♥DAYZ. it's pretty similar to Rust but not as graphically and CPU demanding, which allows it to be run on upper-midrange laptops (im using a lenovo z585)Ok to put it simply this game is -challenging- the PVE element is a lot harder than rust is (i play subsistence on the medium difficulty mode)Through trial and error and restarting my game over and over i've finally got to a point where i understand the game.if you read this review there are small spoilers to the game but nothing major.The main first objective is to find enough cordage nails and other resources to build a foundation get a wall up and a beacon, is this the first thing you should do, no it is not.let me help here:so first thing you want to do, load your 9mm gun as it only starts with one round, this is not enough to kill a wolf or a bear, use your bullets wisely.run around avoiding animals (animals will respond to you depending on proximity, in tiers, tier 1 they are aware you are near, tier 2 they begin to follow, tier 3 they try to rip your face off and have no mercy, so make sure to toggle your running, watch corners, and listen for the animal's tier 1 growl.)now back to the bullets, as youre running around collecting bags, weeds/berries, scrap metal and other resources, You need to kill a few chicken and especially a few rabbits(chickens drop feathers and rabbits drop cloth) . why do you need to do this? you will be starving and the berries and apples from the bags wont help much especially when you need protein. also you need something to keep you busy at the firepit at night.eat chicken and rabbit will take 2 bullets to kill and will flee after being injured. later on you will switch to using a bow and arrow to kill them more often than a handgun. try to hold onto this handgun. when you build your base, build storage immediately, followed by a power generator. from here on in it's smooth sailing untill you fight bears/wolves or the other hunters which will all kick your♥♥♥♥♥if you aren't super careful,this is not a gung-ho game, it is metiuculous and takes patience and is a great survival game for its stage and lack of content and it appears to be taking off well on steam hopefully the developers keep striving and this game turns out as good as it appears to be capable of. Just think a more PVE oriented rust on a smaller scale but much much harder to kill animals or get resources.also the fact you need to eat different foods and stay hydrated while doing all these other things to stay alive really makes this game a great survival.let's hope the developers stay active and make this game even better and better. i can't wait for co-op and pvp options. i'm guessing an option to change the map or increase the size will also later be implemented as the map is (though quite large) not persay as large a RUST map meaning smaller servers, this could be seen as either good or bad.So far I like it, even thought i died for the first 14hrs straight and learned many lessons the game has me hooked like peanut butter and crack sandwhiches."
76561198040382483,Recommended,418030,29963567,Posted: 16 February,all,Looming,"very promising project, amazingly work of one single develper.if chinese localization were done with proper marketing, it will take place of many similar games like 7d2d.keep on the good work!"
76561198086245724,Recommended,418030,31139466,Posted: 14 April,all,calihead,simply great game a must have!!!
76561198368916893,Recommended,418030,32004269,Posted: 27 May,all,KravenGaming,"Watched GameEdged, DatSheDevil, and OhnoCoho playing this game. Have finally bought it and am loving it. Thus far my only request to ColdGames would be a sort button on personal inventory. I do not have a ton of exp on the game yet, have not seen a hunter, but am anxiously awaiting their arrival. Thank you for such a wonderful game CG. Keep up the good work."
76561198292943107,Recommended,418030,34376534,Posted: 20 August,all,rksking,AWSOME GAME i LOVVVVVVEEE it keep up with the good work. And i enywone who know the creator plz tell him to add some sort of knife to skin animals with instead of a axe and mayby make it so that fruit and veg goes bad after a while atleast in the hardest difficulty but enyway fun game hard game and rely good i deffently recomend buying it. And sorry for bad english i am not english so yea.
76561198186389551,Recommended,418030,34388439,Posted: 20 August,all,troylakin21,"Very good concept, really love the free form building hope to see more things added to this.   I despise difficulty of obtaining items.  trying to collect materials that are near impossible to acquire to build things that are only minimal benefit.  ammo is almost impossible to obtain and does garbage damage to the animals.  be ready to waste ammo and die... A lot!  Be ready to use all your resources trying to stay live while attempting to build a base. never heard of anyone dying from starvation in a day and a half.  Not mention this is on easy for me, and i like to consider myself an avid gamer.be nice if they would either improve the initial dmg of weapons or increase ammo spawn.  also when i look down at a wolf and swing my ax and hes nibbling on muh bawlz why cant i hit him at that range?  seems a little broken... i'm sure ill have more to add to this as i die more."
76561198012450935,Recommended,418030,28381041,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Grandpa,This game is a winner!!
76561198038705562,Recommended,418030,29320439,Posted: 17 January,all,Rocco,"Great game, especially the crafting and micromanaging wich I hope to get more intensive later on. Good graphics and the hunters are to be taken seriously, real survival really and my thing.Some early access issues wich make the game boring for me, very fast. All you do is scavanging crates, chopping wood and farming plants and ore while you do some crafting overnight. When it gets day you're back scavenging, to get back at crafting when the evening falls in. The world is small and not very interesting, eventhough the graphics are great. When there are more hunters the game gets more interesting, eventhough not very realistic when you get hit by a 9mm from a range of 80-100 meter, approximately, while the hunter isnt even visible to me... Unrealistic use of handweapons i'd say, but ill get him with my rifle. (ofcourse some of you can hit a target with a 9mm from 500 meters, brag all ya want ;)It's early access and I'm convined that the game will become more interresting as it progresses in development. For now I play one day, game time, each day so I don't lose my interest, since I'm curious about the crafting possibility's the game provides I'll keep playing. I am waiting for more diversity in gameplay.The hunters are worthy enemys if you're not carefull in engaging them, thats a good thing!The hardcore mode doesnt bring me any addition to the game, I love hard and unforgiving gameplay but the way it's working right now, especially with the limited gameplay it still provided, hardcore mode makes the game more boring.I do recommend the game, I do have fun. But be aware, it's very early access and there is very much more to do (by the developer) before it's gets interesting for a longer gameplay.It's a hard survival game, get it if thats what you like. Else, wait for futher updates.Great and active developer! Good job!"
76561198058176483,Recommended,418030,31131310,Posted: 14 April,all,OGM,"Even though I like 3D survival games, I find the aspect survival of this game to be almost ZERO. For two reasons.  1 is the fact that when a player collects a large amount of materials to craft and then, get killed by a wild animal, not only does he lose everything he has collected, but also he is spawned miles away in any given direct where if possible to get back his crafting material, he is unable to. Secondly when using a pistol to kill a wild animal, it shouldn't take two rounds to kill whatever animal you are hunting for food or defending yourself from.  Also, the game should givwe thew option of loading from any saved position and not just the last one. Therefore I rate this game having good graphics but poor survival."
,Recommended,418030,28392866,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Slade,So where should i post if i want to give feedback and ideas ?Also is there a place that i can find sort of a wiki on the game ?
,Recommended,418030,30847605,Posted: 30 March,all,ExoticHitler,One of the best indie Games Ever. Please develop this further. Thanks
76561198003070460,Recommended,418030,29322194,Posted: 17 January,all,xnin33,Really enjoying this game ..looking forward to updates!!
76561198076720778,Recommended,418030,30826367,Posted: 29 March,all,Charmis,"I paid for this game after seeing people like PartiallyRoyal, can honestly say i love the game and would recommed to any and all people who are into survival games. I have to give props to the Dev. for creating such a game and i hope that more is to come with the game."
76561198055795627,Recommended,418030,31752047,Posted: 14 May,all,StealthHUNTER,"I enjoy survival games and this game has great potential, must take care not to overcrowd it with unrealistic concepts, keep it a survival game, keep zombies out of this one please! Great to see constant updates an responses from the developer...you are doing great in my opinion."
,Recommended,418030,34201489,Posted: 12 August,all,Helk,it could be the next big thing when multiplaye hits buut even in solo play its fun it would nice to see a form of raiding and pvp but stay mostly survival i give it a 8/10
76561198287567571,Recommended,418030,28093421,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,exiled halo,Great game. Needed an offline survival game for when I don't have wifi and this was it.
76561198043882835,Recommended,418030,29509985,Posted: 26 January,all,cyman,"Having played Rust, 7 Days to Die and Miscreated, I am clearly a sucker for these types of survival games. However I have very high hopes for this title. Given the game was created, and has been updated (very often) by a single developer is beyond impressive. The developer is very active in these discussion threads, and seems to have an excellent vision for how the game will progress. Game can be a bit grindy at times, and death usually has high consequences, but it simply makes your accomplishments feel that much better. Looking forward to its continued development, and eventual multiplayer.EDIT: after about 120 hours, I still very much appreciate the gameplay, and the developer has remained really engaged with the community. This game appears to have clearer end game in mind as opposed to some of its competitors. Also has a great community, plenty of help on the message boards."
,Recommended,418030,29734850,Posted: 5 February,all,Masey Kay,This game just keeps getting better.  I know alot of people (myself included) did want to see a bow and arrow introduced into the game so to see this addition...well it's incredible to have a developer listen to his audience.  I can't stop playing this amazing game and seems to be getting more and more popular when I stream it.  thank you Coldgames and I am so excited so see whats next.
76561198167141011,Recommended,418030,32741277,Posted: 24 June,all,achieve1dream,This is one of the best early access games I've ever played.  It is truly addicting!
,Recommended,418030,34090940,Posted: 7 August,all,bswainston,One of the best survival games on steam. If not the best. Would be hands down winner when the Dev adds multiplayer.
,Recommended,418030,34137548,Posted: 9 August,all,KAZYKILLA,"After 40+ hours of game play it's time to review. I have to point out that i know its early access but here are some things I feel this game needs to reach a 5 STAR. One i believe you should add some more wild life like deer, moose, bobcats, and maybe even some kind of bump in the night creature kind of like a legend to the wilderness. i dont know about that last one kind of a random thought. wish that hunters could eventualy build them self'ves their own compound. Two i really wish that wood from the trees would just go in to your inventory or atleast give the option to have auto on or off. Three multiplayer is a must i got to have multiplayer. also theres a bug were the wood you chop falls into the tree and gives you the red cross in the cirle that shows the tree has been chopped and wont allow you to pick it up. and the loot drops need a bit of a overhaul takes way to long to get resources makes the game feel very grindy. but other wise this game of yours has a ton of potental and is well worth a 4 star for in development state.If you read your comments can you please get that auto pick up for the wood! like were it just goes into your inventory not a auto pick up button LMAO but i will even take the auto pick up."
76561198309097313,Recommended,418030,26328083,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Popeye The Infidel,"Played for 21 min. and lovedit, had problems with frames even with all settings low though. I think ill wait till it has developed more but Its a great game I will come back to buy later."
,Recommended,418030,32943207,Posted: 28 June,all,Ionut,"You need to add more stuff, more animals, balance crafting a little bit, but for now i love this game..."
76561198091667027,Recommended,418030,28846635,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,yafeth,varey good so far  im loveing it   9 out of 10 soon to be 10 :D  woth a buy YES
76561198027423757,Not Recommended,418030,31354303,Posted: 25 April,all,Nauner,"I actually like the game, but its too frustrating at this point to recommend. Only virtual reference point is your base marker. no compass, no in game map etc. If you die, no corpse marker, you are randomly placed somewhere on the map,  your corpse box despawns in 5 minutes, but your base marker dont show for almost 2 minutes, and unless you memorize the entire map and are constantly aware of your exact position in your head.. You lost everything you scrounged for the last hour in the game, plus all tools, guns, etc etc. While a death penalty isnt overly bad, if you do find your body box somehow you have to try to keep from having another box next to it from the animal that killed you and leveled up. If im going to spend hours running in a circle to find crap so I can craft a house, gear etc, I dont want to keep starting from square one every other day in the game because some wolf or bear that was not in line of sight aggroed you through the rocks while your looting a box and your basically dead before you can turn to run."
,Recommended,418030,26247882,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Soraya,"This is a fun game, Good job"
76561198049877047,Recommended,418030,26308625,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Synthetic Dragon,I have been having problems lunching the game i would get a windows promps saying there was a problem i hope that this will get fixed as i spent 15$ on this  game i would like it if you could lookinto this problem if i am not the only one.I still recomend this game it looks amazingThanks    Beast
,Recommended,418030,26244393,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,AlwaysSunnyLLC,"This is a great survival game as it stands and any more addition or improvements will be unbelievable. You fight against bears, wolves, AI hunters, and more. You battle the elements of hunger, thirst, and cold temperature. The feel/user interface/graphics engine is similar to Rust, Day-Z, Stranded Deep, The Forest, Osirus New Dawn, H1Z1 and 7 Days To Die. What makes this game unique is the ability to fight other AI hunters that also live and fight for the same things you are fighting for; land, food, shelter, weapons, and women. The highly unique electricity and mass system is ingenius and unprecedented. To obtain resource, you chop down trees, hunt down animals ranging from chickens, rabbits, to wolves, and pick up boxed packages and bags of items scattered throughout the map. It feels like geocaching when you are on the constant lookout for these packages or bags scattered across the beautiful landscape filled with lush greenery to snowy tundra. Ores can be mined to provide you with materials to craft essential items. Nothing feels better than hearing the sound of your firearm as the chambers get reloaded, bringing me the CSGO vibe. Best of all, 1 shotting a wolf with a shotgun and throwing it's meat into your fridge makes this game worth more than what I paid for.I highly recommend this game."
76561198024530543,Recommended,418030,26283824,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Rufio!,"Game is early access.There's a decent amount for an Alpha gameThe concept is good and has a lot of potential for the future.there are as to be expected bugs and problems aswell as imbalances.But that's what you get for buying an Alpha Game, You are effectivly testing the game rather than playing.Is it worth $13.99? Probably not, but like i said with it's potential it could(and hopefully will) Evovle into an awesome survival game.Only problems with the build as it is- No navigation option(until you get into building)... makes it hard finding your dead body and or places.-A whole heap of Wolves and Bears that are ruthless.-Basic building units require some relativly rare items to make. Which makes base building take too long.But these elements dont ruin the game. Just makes it more challenging for the beginning.If you wish to support an awesome  Survival game that should get some amazing content in the future...... Spend the money.If you can't handle bugs, flaws and problems. Why are you even looking at early access games?"
,Recommended,418030,26306336,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,azdesertmike,I really like the game but there are too many animals everytime i get enough stuff together i get killed havn't been able to start on a base yet been playing it for 3 days now also would be good if you could save anytime you want i play a lot of rust and some other survial games compared to them this is very hard to get started and hard to get resources i will cont to follow the game and look for the next updates i think it could become a great game
,Not Recommended,418030,26236438,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,itawtitawapudytat,"The animals' behavior is really...  unrealistic.  Same problem I had with Long Dark.  Also, with how small the map is, I expect to completely run out of resources before I can really manage to 'get going' in this game.  But, it's still early access.  I really wish I could have gotten to the point where I actually had the makings of a base, but after about 2-3 hours of play, I found literally 4 scrap metals and just enough nails for a foundation and a wall.But if you want to spend the time, I could see the depth of 'base management' getting interesting, provided you don't run out of resources.  Seriously.  The map is THAT small, and resources are THAT scarce (except trees that, once harvested, look... exactly the same.  Hope you have a photographic memory to know which trees you've harvested from).Just... as soon as possible, build a foundation and a wooden storage crate near the fence so you can find it.  Put all your hard-to-find stuff there.  Just do it, you'll be thankful later.So, particular issues:1. Rotten meat after about 6 hours in-game time.2. ""Scrap Metal"".  Really?  Could we get away from that whole trope, that just 'random' wilderness areas have chunks of rusting metal laying around?3. These animals are crazy.  Wolf and bear looking straight at each other, several rabbits and chickens all around.  I come within 100 feet of them and they come chasing after me.4. Map is small.  Tiny.5. Trees stick around if you harvest them with no visual cue that they've been harvested.6. Crafting feels...  Incomplete.  Requiring me to find 'supply drops' to build anything beyond a campfire feels wrong.And so forth.  Doesn't feel like it has much to offer above other similar survival-crafting-etc games."
,Recommended,418030,26324422,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Daikhan,Great Game !! ColdGames .. can't wait to see how this develops
76561198137742578,Not Recommended,418030,34423725,Posted: 22 August,all,Mr.Grimm,"I was going to give this game some time before I just went and wrote a bad review. I have ten hours into the game and none of those ten hours have been enjoyable for me. This game has so much potential but it just falls short of that.First off is the looting system, it is almost impossible to find anything you need in the game to survive. The only way you will be able to get stuff you need is through the cases through out the map that are guarded by animals that will kill you in a few seconds.That bringing me to the next topic on my list, the animals. Wolves, Bears, Mountain Lions, Chickens and Rabbits.. Theses are your food sources. First three will kill you in two seconds and the last two , you will never catch. The ammo to kill these animals are so rare that you will never get ahead of anything in this game, you take days to find and make enough ammo to kill one wolf to get some kind of food to save your life from you already dying of being malnurished. Yes you can find apples and blueberries... in the cases being guarded. I have died 8 times, all from just starvation.Third is the amount of supplies it takes to craft anything. Took me 6 days to build my base, a 4 foundation, 8 wall, 4 roof base. Not including the items in the home which isnt much, a stove, 2 storage boxes and a generator... no bed. (Tip: Dont make a base unit until you have your base built.)The Hunters! These pos somehow magically have every weapon in the game and have food. Where they found that♥♥♥♥♥♥on this god forsaken island... Ill never know. These hunters should evolve as you do in the game, not be stacked from them spawning in and when they get killed, magically only have some eggs a stick and maybe a bandage, not the shotgun they were blasting your♥♥♥♥♥away with not two seconds ago.Overall the game is very time consuming and you will have not much to show for it. If you look at my base, you would think I just started 2 or 3 hours ago. If they can fix the OP animals, easier way to get food, less materials to build simple♥♥♥♥♥♥ and not have all the supplies in the world almost impossible to gain then this game might be something but for now it is almost unplayable."
76561198124761608,Not Recommended,418030,29528338,Posted: 27 January,all,LaW_bs77,it´s just a tech demo....don´t buy this game. it´s basicly runing around in a boring forest with nothing to see in it. the only animals are wolfs and bears every 50-100m which are trying to kill you . the other two animals are chicken and rabbits which always run from you.the only goal is to find loot crates every 150m.there is nothing pretty nothing to discover nothing in this open world. it´s not even an open world becaus they build a fence around it.......a tried a few houres but now I want my money back......this is just boring. this is not even a game. if anyone tries to sell you this game with thumbs up has no idea what a good survival game needs.
76561198137275242,Recommended,418030,34948224,Posted: 14 September,all,Face,Hey guys!! When is the next update and when will we be able to play this game online??
,Not Recommended,418030,35408135,Posted: 2 October,all,Killerfurby,"at this point i can't realy recommend to buy this game.and that is not because its too buggy or anything like that.but let me start with some pro'sthe game looks pretty nice and most of the features currently implemented work without problems.the dev also seems to be what used to be normal, meaning he doesn't wan't features released before the bugs are ironed out. (plz keep it like that)now to the cons:with my biggest issue, there aren't much options to configure your own singleplayer game ( coop isn't released for public yet) you can only choose between easy, normal and hardcore and for me easy isn't realy easy... its just easy enough to not quit playing it right away ( you allways hope at some point you find enough ammo and such, which never happens) i miss  settings to increase or decrease lootspawn and loot quantity/qualitycurrently the game just feels like another EA survival game at a very early stage ( with not much to do) if thats enough for you, or you just want to help fund it. go for it and buy it right away, if not wait.if later on there are more options to configure the game i will change ny recommendation ( like i said my biggest concern yet are ingame settings)"
76561197998303416,Recommended,418030,28264487,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,ARCLIGHT00,"Nice Game, very chalenging. I do Have one issue. Storage boxes that empty when you die. not cool bro."
76561198170191947,Recommended,418030,28271750,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,narib414,"For a game that is being created by one guy that works a full time job and does work on this during his off time, this game is actually suprisingly good.  He keeps his finger on the pulse of the community, and actually listens to and works with his community.  The ambient sound effects, graphics, base building, and resource gathering is actually pretty well built.  I cannot wait to see what the future holds for this prospectively rare diamond in the rough."
76561197968780022,Recommended,418030,26289747,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Ultack,If survival games is your thing then you must get Subsistence.   It will give you the challenge you are looking for and all that in a beautiful setting.
,Recommended,418030,27908850,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Hechmo,Game is great and Coldgames is always working on new content along with stability.  The game is very hard to start out but deservingly so as it shouldnt be easy.  If you are afraid of a decent grind to get a base and stay ahead then move away from this game.  It will challenge you and is unforgiving if you cannot beat the timer back to your body.  I really appreciate the attention to detail and graphics look great.  If you have played The Forest then this is something right up your alley just minus the storyline.Small updates to fix crashes and bugs keep this game moving along.  Load times are fast.  Game is well worth the amount and will just get better!
,Not Recommended,418030,26240012,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Jake iLLz,"Hmm, 48 positive reviews in 6 hours upon release. Hmm, 9 more reviews total in the next 40 hours. Hmm.I can respect a solo developer, but I CANNOT respect that this game is loaded with positive reviews that are frankly... false. I mean, it's cool that it's got a (albeit horribly designed) human AI enemy... that's original. But the originality begins and ends with that, Everything else is executed much worse than every other alternative in the genre. The graphics are okay. The performance is♥♥♥♥♥♥ The AI is♥♥♥♥♥♥ The systems, progression, diversity, and mechanics are♥♥♥♥♥♥ The GAME is♥♥♥♥♥♥and it's depth could be considered the kiddie pool of the survival genre. It is literally the tiniest step away from being as big an Early Access scam as DayZ was (and IS, get mad)... and that's me being generous. GGWP.Downvote this because i'm real.Refunded. Will review again in 5+ years of development."
76561197988927906,Not Recommended,418030,26223610,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,BloodPanda,"In it's current state I cannot recommend this game. It feels like the beginning stages of Rust. There really isn't a lot of content or depth. It is graphically pretty but nothing super stand out.So far it is another survival crafting game. I am eager to see what they do to set this game apart from Rust or the host of other games in this genre. It has some promise if it can find a way to stand out, add content and smooth the rough edges"
76561198017004514,Not Recommended,418030,33202247,Posted: 3 July,all,makau,For the most part un-playable. Running around looking for bags of loot gets old real fast. Non-existant crafting...not even the basics to make nails for your shelter. Has a long way to go... wait for more fleshing out before buying.
76561198037319778,Not Recommended,418030,32516208,Posted: 17 June,all,Jase,"My initial review was argequitesque so I've decided to try something more balanced.Pros- throughout play there's a genuine feeling of threat- Putting aside the stupidity of the random boxes, it evokes emotions such, when you find a box full of stuff you need it feels rewarding- graphics/effects are acceptableCons- game is totally contrived with almost no realism.  E.g. you starve to death in a couple of days, I can craft a complex machine e.g. generator from some scrap parts with my hands, but cant craft a nail- too many animals placed arbritraily instead sensibly e.g. near a water supply- the find stuff in boxes system is idiotic - why not have abandoned buildings, litter, garbage dump, landfill site, recycling centre, - or whatever.  Also they could be the source of pitfalls and danger- you cant make traps to snare animals instead you have to shoot a rabbit 5 times to kill it - what kind of moron hunts rabbits with a pistol, you use a snare- no true survival elements e.g. you cant dig for edible roots, collect mushrooms, make a still to collect water etc etc etc- the game needs tiers e.g. you start by crafting a basic tent then work towards buildings"
76561197970812087,Not Recommended,418030,31577143,Posted: 6 May,all,magnusej,"I know it's still early access, but this should have the subtitle ""The Quest for Supply Crates while dodging bears""."
,Recommended,418030,29590951,Posted: 30 January,all,Zerocool,This is by far the best survival game ever created! even if it's single player at the moment!
76561198258565739,Recommended,418030,34168693,Posted: 11 August,all,owleh,This is such a cool survival game......
,Recommended,418030,26286497,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,BadM33TSEvil,This game is harsh Hardest survival game I've ever played lmfao way to many animals and not enough bullets that about sums it up lol.If you dont mind dying again and again give it a try and learn to be sneaky this isnt like other games where you can just run around hap hazardly and expect to live no you actually have to crouch and be paranoid and look around to see if animals are gonna attack you because after that second growl gg lmao so If you like hardcore survival this is for you if you dont want your blood pressure to rise this isnt the game for you haha.
76561197963309524,Not Recommended,418030,30297741,Posted: 3 March,all,Neekapp,"I can't say I don't recommend this game it does got some potential I'm more on the if you have the $14.99 and time give it a go but in this state it isn't for me. I give Early Access games a chance because I want to see small game companies make it with their great ideas that aren't the big names like EA and Ubisoft that spew unfinished crap at you for $79.99 or $129.99 with Season Pass, that rant over... Ark(Xbox One) and 7 Days(Steam) is what got me into the whole Survival/Sandbox/Building games and I noticed this on in my ""Queue"" I read reviews and read the dev is with the community and this game gets updated regularly, read the bad ones with the plant fibers and the bears and wolves in massive numbers.I decided to give it the benefit of the doubt and thought maybe these guys didn't give this a chance or whatever? I spent the $14.99 and fired it up happy to try this game because it was different from the zombies, dinos, etc. and it was surviving the elements of the environment and AI Hunters. I gave it 32 minutes on ""normal"" mode and I found 4 plant fibers and got killed 3 times by wolves. It took me about 2-3 minutes to find a playable graphics settings I guess my i7 and GTX 1050 can't handle this game. In my running aimlessly for 32 minutes I also found some crates, most were filled with 2 nails and some electrical parts, most crates I happened to see were protected by packs of 3 wolves, sometimes a bear and 2 wolves, 2 bears, 1 wolf, the varied of animals changed. I always ran away, the time I died a wolf always attacked me running up a stone I was climbing (Note that when you die animals level up so I was already 3 levels behind and still had nothing to show for it). I manged to find a gold mine of plant fibers but they were all behind this fence I am guessing is the perimeter of the world so I couldn't pick any of those fibers(Thanks for that trickery). Dying you lose everything and cannot find your backpack. There is no compass so you can't trace your steps to where you were and have been, no map, just very little fibers and a hell of a lot of wolves and bears. I did manage to find some medical marijuana but you can't even smoke it.In the end it reminded me of Miscreated which I gave more game time playing, but the lack of plant fibers really ruined it for me... 32 minutes of running around and I couldn't get a foundation started for a base. 32 minutes of play time in Ark and 7 Days I have the start of a little base going and am already leveling up my character... Not saying this is a bad game it just isn't ready yet in my opinion. I do get grinding but when the grind turns into a full 8 hours of your day to get nothing done thats not a grind its a waste of f***ing time. Maybe in due time like 1-3 years or when multiplayer is live so you can at least have some help scavaging I'll pick this up again... In the mean time I'll follow development."
,Recommended,418030,28558425,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Hype,Single Player Rustits pretty good
,Recommended,418030,30364221,Posted: 6 March,all,SparkZ,"I would recommend buying this game in a few months, right now the gameplay and items are a little limited.I think this game needs a better way of starting, I get a gun, and a axe, than I have to somehow kill random predators attacking me and build basicly a computer to start my base. Also, I've seen bears and wolves, thats it... No hunters or any other animals for that matter besides the chicken. I think after this game gets some more support it could be an original game with lots of fun to be had, but right now the game is lacking gameplay..."
76561198177329578,Recommended,418030,32664111,Posted: 22 June,all,spanglybooch288,"this game is amazing, chalenging, and fun but then again i got a trainer mod soooo. but any ways i would like to kindly ask, when is the multiplayer coming out?"
,Recommended,418030,33054633,Posted: 30 June,all,DoctorBoomshot,GREAt GAME!!! no zombies but wild life and a.i hunters build cutom homes any where very large map.
,Recommended,418030,34464736,Posted: 24 August,all,Michotic,good game
76561198335526043,Recommended,418030,28459429,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,SirNick,"So i would like to start with that i have played for 75 hours and think this is the best survival game i have ever played. As for some of the negative reviews saying its impossible to outrun animals is invalid, you can hit shift and run from the wolfs and bears, and after a short period of running from them they lose aggro and start to ignore you again. I live stream this game every day ontwitch.tv/SirNick187if you want to learn anything about this game. I started another profile and survived just fine without problems. The first day it can be difficult to get protein, but as long as you have fruit and water you won't be malnourished. I started off catching chickens and saved them for a couple of days to stock up on protein and let my protein bar empty out as a strategy for farming the next. When your protein bar empties out, you just need to strategize your stamina so you don't get caught by animals. It can be really scary which makes this game so much fun. After a few days of doing this and farming crates, you become very wealthy and things just fall into place. This review is for the people that are not sure about buying this game because of some of the invalid negative reviews i have read. I defnitely recommend this game!!! Cheers!"
76561198347927263,Recommended,418030,28515739,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,dadoctor,i love the game its fun. I have just 3 problems with the game and its not really a big deal one is that the bullets gets used when shooting an animal to fast i had 13 bullets and it dropped down to one i know i did not shoot it 12 times another one is we need a bow and need to make something faster on mass like the solar panels u should be able to switch the either one but other than that the game is great and i would like to talk to the dev a little bit about the game he has done a nice job with the game
76561198260441010,Recommended,418030,30725909,Posted: 25 March,all,💞 abbie <3 gaming 💋💖,the game is good but could do with a how build guide. and y dose it say muilti player whn u cnt use it would b awesome to do muitiplayer. i hope it get inporved alot thn it would be a awesome game
76561198071776533,Recommended,418030,26324561,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Trouser_Dune_Worm,"A game that's pretty good for an EA alpha release.  It has great potential and has enough game mechanics already in place that you can really see the gem this game will surely be.  It is hard.  Be prepared to die and die and die  and die.  It's just how the game is and that's a good thing imo.  Lot's of balancing to do, content to come and bugs to fix as with any EA title.  Would recommend if you understand what EA really is and want to help a challenging, difficult, no hand holding survival game be developed.  The NPC AI players are a unique take.  Looking forward to seeing how they progress."
,Recommended,418030,26329532,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Mobius,"Overall decent gameHowever the beginning is BRUTAL. The death penalty is absurd. You get 3 minutes to find your body (was originally one min) and the beacon you can craft for your base only showyour bases location after 100 seconds of dying. If youre not familiar with the map yet you lose everything.The beginning of the game is to hope you can craft a foundation and storage box without dying. Store everything in there and go on kamikaze missons to find more loot and hope you dont lose everything.Once you do get a base the game opens up quite a bit but the struggle to get there made me want to never play this game again.The unfortunate thing now is that I do have a base is I need cloth to make a better gun, so I need to kill things. Its ridiculous to try to kill things with the 9mm. Takes to much ammo and isnt worth crafting it so it puts you in a huge grind.Ive played many survival games and dont mind grind but it feels like you get nowhere.Besides the above this game is very well put together, has a great foundation for something to be amazing. It looks beautiful and has some very good mechanics. Definately one of the better EA games out there.My only fear is the BRUTAL difficulty of the game will scare people off before they get to enjoy it."
,Recommended,418030,32215146,Posted: 6 June,all,IcewaterCreekStudios,"No zombies. Terrific.Hunters vs Hunted. Nice twist.Builder, scavenger, freedom. Wonderful.Terrific graphics and fps.Actively working on the title and communicating with the forums.Go on with your bad self, and get jacked by some animals, and some good AI a*holes that want to take your stuff.The constantly update, patch and add content. Graphics are amazing and so are the sound effects.We run at 60-fps or better, no lag or hiccups.A must have in the Anti Zombie Survival Crafting game. So well done thus far!!8/10Our equipment;Running at 61-63 FPSNVidea GTX 960Intel I-7Samsung MonitorDDR3 12GBDiscalimer; The Review Crew's evaluations are based on paying close attention to forum response and activity, system demand, fun of the game genre, position of originality in respective genre, growth of the project in its current state at time of review, graphics as a whole for end user, presentation of the game and display, replayability, patch/tweak progress, beginner friendliness & gameplay direction, content & depth, attention to detail on small things(polish), lag and multiplayer application if applicable, badge card availability, with a minimum 8 hours of gameplay and interaction with customer base after release. We are not affliliated with any specific brand or entity or on any payroll. All views are based on positive only feedback as we are in no position to criticise anyones craft, just current states of development and progress at the time of our participation. If we offend anyone with our content, it was not us! Our review was hacked!"
76561198106297350,Recommended,418030,26408366,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,harley46714,Awsome as hell
76561198008681334,Not Recommended,418030,28257667,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Hwyranger,"Well, I am about 4 hours into this game and Ive already formed the opinion its a game of1- not getting killed by one or even two at a time of the numerious bears throughout the map.2- not being hunted and chased down by a wolf to be killed or become lost.  If you do happen to evade the wolf, a bear seams to always be near-by to finish what the wolf started because your exhausted and wounded.  The bears and wolves appear to be working together as a team.3- while attempting to stay alive, it appears these so-called loot boxes are either,a- guarded by a wolf a bear or both.b- these so called loot boxes which Ive read ""randomly"" spawn, seam to never spawn in an area not populated with ""again"" wolves or bears guarding them.4- You start the game with an axe, which can chop wood, yet you cant use it to defend yourself if again a wolf or a bear attacks you. Now you do have a pistol, but it pretty much is useless, wont scare off the wolf or the bear.  If you do hit the wolf, multiple rounds are required to kill the wolf, thus leaving you wounded and ammo-less.  Again Bear comes and finishes what the wolf started.  Tryed pistol against the bear, LOL that was a mistake. (YES, I do crouch and I do try to avoid these animals at all cost)5- I understand the concept of a challenge and survival of the eliments, but why start off half naked and shoeless? WTH, was he kidnapped and dumped off in the wilderness?This can be a fun game to play.  I do like the map and the graphics are nice.  But it does need better balance in regards to  the key components, loot spawn, wolf/bear spawns, and use of the provided weapons you start with,I shall give this game time to evolve and hopefully for the better.  At this point, I shall still attempt to play, or should a say survive to what thus far are futile attempts to survive.  I would NOT recommend this game to any gamer which does not truly truly enjoy survivial games.  Unless they are into pain and failure.This is not my first survival game played ""Long Dark"" by far my favorite."
,Recommended,418030,29357389,Posted: 19 January,all,Nqzy,Good game buy it.
76561198141528724,Not Recommended,418030,28191038,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,ChaiVat,"Decent price for a game that's obviously in Alpha, but just a little too grindy at this point.  Seems a bit unbalanced at the moment.  I'll reinstall when I hear of a new and improved update...hope to see one sooner than later.  Kudo's to the single dev. too...good job, make it even better and rise to the top of all these ""survival"" games  :)"
76561198291009257,Recommended,418030,28360248,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Ben,balancing  issues
76561198065101396,Recommended,418030,28548127,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Drune,"I really like the change from the focus of just pvp killing and raiding like Rust. Not just survivial as in subnautica. Also the dev seems to Really listen to his players, and the game moves forward well so far."
,Recommended,418030,26380293,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Sir K,"Too early to be accessable to the public.I have a 980 and i ran it with 40 frames, poorly optimized.I see great potential in this game, it looks gorgeous.The graphics are fanstastic.Gameplay is honestly mixed, i dont know what to think, not good not bad.I think at this stage its not a game i find playable, but if they keep working on it,we could have some real good potential here."
76561198266405139,Recommended,418030,26262712,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,TheMonsterhd32,VERY GOOD GAME!!!! only few problems i have is1) apperantly an axe to a head dont mean anything. no damage. REALLY??2) only 2-4 logs per tree? really? and the tree dont even fall... dead tree3) i have seen 100s of bears. i get its a survival game but tone down the bears. wayyyyyyy to many.4) it says the are AI hunters. where are they? i can understand this not being put in yet due to only one person working on the game. but would really like to get more guns and gear rather than just meat from wolfs.other than that its a beautiful game and has so much potential. please do not abandon this game. 4/5 stars!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,418030,26400321,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,SubstantialCalf,"ColdGames, way to go! Excellent Release. I see a lot of potential for this game! Logged 7 Hrs of gamely yesterday! Finally got my BCU Before I went to Bed. Now the only thing that didn't please me was that Once you get a BCU it is to easy. The BCU dot that shows you exactly where your base is! If you could get rid of that feature I think it would increase the game realism. I already memorized how to get to my base without it. I would hope others can do the same!  More challenge = More fun!"
76561197972269669,Recommended,418030,29957626,Posted: 16 February,all,Sersjant seriøs,awsome game!
76561197969801512,Recommended,418030,29326963,Posted: 17 January,all,RedQueen,"Gorgeous hardcore survival game (single player only at the moment multi player is planned) that forces you to make hard decisions and weigh risk verse reward and manage your time.There isn't a lot of content at the moment but the foundation is very solid and in about 10 hours of gameplay I haven't encountered any major bugs and certainly not anything ""game breaking"".The playable area of the map seems a bit small and the RNG nature of the loot drops can get a bit frustrating (especially as ammo to kill animals is your primary source of protein) but the game does reward smart decisions and punish bad ones.The feelings of panic and desperation when I can't find my base with a full inventory are similar to those experienced in Rust, but the danger here is all PVE, it speaks to hell well it's already done that a purely single player game is so intense.  Battling your own sense of direction and keeping calm as the daylight is dwindling is challenging and keeps things tense at all times.   It's nice to relax at night in your base (eventually I'd like to see the Hunters come look for you at night if you♥♥♥♥♥♥them off) knowing that for a few minutes you can relax and enjoy the spoils of your day.Overall this is a great example of a good EA game and any fan of hardcore survival should check it out.  I'm surprised it's not more popular.  Compared to a game like ""The Long Dark"" I think Subsistence compares well.  Not nearly as far down the development path but the graphics are better and not cartoonish at times like TLD and the gameplay mechanics are more fun IMO."
76561198070410108,Recommended,418030,28207522,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Firefly,"Dude this game is really hard, you need to make it more palyable. I freaking died at dusk and got destroyed like 5 times by the same wolf next to my base. Also all my stuff disappears when I die, I mean I recovered it once, but that was because I spawned where I died, otherwise four hours of work just dissapears because you had to walk 5 min. You could at least make items not♥♥♥♥♥♥away into nothingness at least in the base, because really where did all that♥♥♥♥♥♥go? Did the bears use my guns to arm themselves? Also bears can't run downhill, and make wildlife chase wildlife not just bend you over. I really like this game, it just has a few quirks that are a little unforgivable, but I guess that's early access."
76561198032632037,Recommended,418030,26397276,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,DeepDarkWater,"I played just a bit. Bit that was enough and I will play more. This game is in my opinion better and more promising than ""The Long Dark"" . It's already challeging from the start. I'm sceptical about EA games, but this gem I think will have success.-Graphics are good-Sound is good-Enviroment alive. The wind, birds,nature itself-optimisation is ok.-AI animals and most importantly - Humans ! Finally ! (compared to The long Dark,which came in 2014 and still no Hunter AI )-not buggyI definetely recommnet this game.P.S. : Game was made by a single person so it makes even more amazing."
76561198166304212,Recommended,418030,26497038,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,OldButNew,Losing everything sucks very bad.Almost dieing is exciting!TipDo not build a command center until you are ready to fight the people that will spawn in with rifles.
,Recommended,418030,26375499,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Robber,"Pretty primal for now. I love how it takes time to build a normal base. I can see devs are pretty buzy with this game, so it could turn up a great survival game.For a survival fan, who have played a lot of games like this, i'll recommend!"
76561198067207576,Recommended,418030,26373344,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Dawg711,"I have some hours in the game now so I will try to convey my thoughts on this game for others prospective players.Many compare this game to Rust saying it is a copy. Perhaps in some small ways yes it could be. Thing to keep in mind is the Dayz Mod for Arma 2 was the original start of the survival Genre. Games after that were a copy in some way of that. This one however is going down a road different than most. As of right now the game is very playable. Graphics are not wonderful but still look good. (running on a 980Ti) You start out it is very hard at first. You dont have the ability to be the predator right away. You must avoid most threats. There are some balancing issue but they are not big issues. The way time and the sky react together make the game feel more alive. You can truly tell game time by the sun. You can navigate by it as well. Making this feel lilke a true survival game not a fantasy. You have bears and wolves at the start but they are avoidable. As a half naked guy with a 9mm and a hatchet you are vunerable. As you progess it gets easier but you can not play this as a run and gun. Must stop look and listen often. Plan and then execute. Think about time of day before doing things. Dont go looting if the sun is low in the west.Overall this is an increible game. The idea that only one man is doing this is irrelavant, the fact that he is skilled and has a plan is what makes me feel he will make this into one of the better games of its genre. I highly recommend this game to anyone that wants a true challenge but understands its a Work In Progress which to mean is different than Early Access as we have seen many updates already.Last thing I need to add to those that have been burned by EA games. This dev is very much a part of the community. He is doing his best to communicate as he makes this game. The recent updates are a show of this as some of them come right from Community feedback."
76561198331972394,Recommended,418030,34003425,Posted: 3 August,all,[SD] redjacob02,"This game is good but what bothers me is the motion blur effect that you cant remove I know that you can go into files and change MotionBlur=True to MotionBlur=False but it doesent necessarily remove it, it just makes it less noticiable but overall this game is pretty good especially if you like challenging survival games. I also like that this game does not cost 20$ on steam. The graphics are pretty decent for early access, havent encountered any bugs so far.suggestions for dev:make an option to turn off motion blurAdd more animals like Stags and Boarsextend map boundaries because the world seems small i run into the map boundary oftenadd fishingadjust ""ignition source"" to light more than one fire without disappearing"
,Recommended,418030,30460058,Posted: 11 March,all,Pilav,"Too bad this game white screens everytime I open it.Update March 13, 2017I reinstalled it and it works now, but thanks for trying to help me out ColdGames. Haven't played the game yet, but I will give it a good review because the support team is one of the best."
76561198015506320,Recommended,418030,34315881,Posted: 17 August,all,JOKER,Way to hard to play in the beginning stages of the game.
76561198174987527,Recommended,418030,26571701,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,24630838,"Without a map. Wolf too much 4 guns are playing the undead, less resources, place is too monotonous is all mountains, should get some towns. No traffic tools, a few cars,"
,Recommended,418030,28408152,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Picklo Joe,this game has gone through so many improvementsthe only thing that sucks is that there isnt any multiplayer (that ive seen)better than rust imo
76561198263772340,Recommended,418030,29847299,Posted: 11 February,all,Sqwrl,Just buy it.
76561197981324557,Recommended,418030,32752269,Posted: 24 June,all,About_30_Babies,10/10. Awesome game but be award you will be hooked on it.
,Recommended,418030,35397455,Posted: 1 October,all,Aesthetic,"This game is great and I really think it could become a greater game. When they add full mutiplayer, But this game feels 50% done. It is in early acess, you havee to understand that they are still in development. Also I don't have a PC master race Computer I game on a laptop, I have everything on low and it looks ok for what im gaming on. But I hope they optimize it better so if you dont have a gaming mater race PC you can still play it. Other  than that its worth a try, they are a lot of games out there like this its just I could run this one. Iff you get this and dont enjoy it I would refund it."
,Recommended,418030,35353677,Posted: 30 September,all,emerald.gg Dutex [csgo500],"this is one realy good game with a huge potential and i can not imagine to you with what impatiencei wait multiplayer mode! However, this is game who deserve an annention !"
76561197999701350,Not Recommended,418030,31594320,Posted: 6 May,all,Beauxy,"The game is hard yes, but it's not a good kind of difficulty. This is the kind of difficulty where a bug or poor movement/gameplay can force you to essentially restart and lose hours of work."
76561198039472553,Not Recommended,418030,28316930,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Auld Seanair,"A Noob with a REVIEW and a few suggestions:I am a complete noob... so here goes my basic review with comments and suggestions. Please do not be offended. I only have 6 hrs. in this game....Substinence is really fun and a definate challenge to survive. Unique and exciting in many ways yet also frustrating, aggrevating, and confusing in others. Not sure I am happy with this game. It lacks depth. At the risk of sounding like I am complaining (which I assure you I really am not)...let me offer these comments and suggestions for what I percieve would lead to better overall game play and enjoyment. (So here is my ""laundry list"":)-There are far to many animals that are aggressive and placed close to most drops. Which logically means I have to ignore about 70% of all drops or I will be attacked and most likely suffer death.-No birds except for Chickens...which I have yet to shoot or catch one to eat. Too fast and area too dangerous most times even by the fence line. You must chase and chase and then chase after them usually right into aggressive wolves or bears. Unless of course you are fortunate enough to get one against the fence or out in the open/clear.-A player is ALWAYS on the edge of dying either from starvation...predators...or the elements. This in my humble opinion does  not really enhance the game .-I was able to kill two wolves (level 1 and 2)....each only gave me one small section of meat....why could I not harvest more...seems in a real survival situation I would harvest more...much more. Heck...I would probably eat the tongue and eyeballs even if I was hungry enough.-The chests/bags/drops are okay....just never enough protien in them to satisfy the meter.-no fruit trees or nuts and berries to gather. Why no clothing in the chests? No dead bodies to loot anywhere eithewr except for mine....lol-No bugs, or snakes...no fish....no deer, wild goats, or other miscellaneous critters to hunt.-Game definately needs ""primitive weapons of some type...such as a sling, a bow and arrow, a spear, etc. I can't even throw a stick or a rock at the dang chickens or rabbits....lol.-Need traps/snares.I must have tried this game like 20 times now from ""new-solo play and each time tried diffent methods and died after I keyed off what I read on line and in the guides then followed what Youtibe showed me in videos. All to no avail....lol...I still ended up either getting eaten or dying from hunger. NOT GOOD....lol...NOT GOOD> either way I was D_E_A_D_!!!!!Please tell me that as the game's single developer you have plans to balance everything out at some point.....I play many other games and this is really off the charts out of balance in my noob assessment. I hope it gets balanced because it is a good game but needs help....SERIOUSLY.Please be kind in your replies....thanks and have fun....for me I think I will still keep trying but not hopeful for success in this game at all....***oh one last comment....so what do I do once or IF...and that is a big IF...I ever survive long enough to build a base and hoard everything? In other words...""what is the big picturedown the road?"" Will there be some kind of ""quests"" or ""mission""?in closing let me say thank you and take my hat off to you for your hardwork, dedication, and meticuous attention to detail thus far. I am amazed with what you have accomplished singlehandedly. Kudos!!!!! I look forward to improvements as the patches arrive.I am not certain the game developer will even read this but if you have then thank you a second time for having the patience to understand. To everyone else....I can't really recommend this game at this time. Honestly, it is worth the $15.00 I paid for it and has given me some entertainment. So I am content. Would I buy it again knowing what I know now....well...probably. It is a low cost investment. I am sure in the future it will cost a lot more.peace out-damentor"
,Not Recommended,418030,32534443,Posted: 18 June,all,Drjeebus,"Game was really pretty decent.  Rust with WAY more stuff and better grahpics.  The biggest killer was animals.  Theres an absolutely cray amount of animals.  Could not do anything, didnt even get a foundation built, before something ate my face.  Also a little laggy and clunky, seems like has potential to be my go to survival sandbox but not at this stage of development."
76561198034513773,Not Recommended,418030,30541376,Posted: 16 March,all,68plex,"I can't recommend this game in its current state. It is horribly unbalanced, where loot drops and costs to survive are currently geared toward total frustration and constant death. It runs nice and looks beautiful, but I'd recommend waiting until the dev takes some time to balance the game play. I for one don't have the patience to wander aimlessly for hours and die constantly from not finding enough raw material to survive. I don't die that often from animal attacks, it's from starving to death where you seem to find nothing but scant scrap metals and circuit boards and not 1 frickin apple, or freezing to death because my guy doesn't know how to start a fire without tons of hard to find materials."
76561198138197351,Not Recommended,418030,27775927,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,< blank >,"In my experience, survival sandbox games are really hit or miss. This game looked perfect for me though, so I ended up watching a couple of YouTube videos before I decided to purchase it. If the information from YouTube was correct and it’s really one guy developing the game as a hobby, he should be extremely proud. The game has a lot of potential and even though I would not recommend it, there is a lot that this game gets right.The gameplay is gorgeous and the crafting system was excellent. I especially like the base crafting, which I would say is comparable to ARK. I found it challenging, but not too challenging and it’s a nice touch that dying doesn’t affect your base.With that being said, I wouldn’t recommend the game in its current state. The game is EA, so I did take that into consideration, but some of my favorite games have been EA and this just isn’t worth the play time or money yet. I only put 1.5 hours into the game, so take that as you will, but that’s plenty of time for me to at least decide if a game is enjoyable or not, and Subsistence is not.The biggest issue I had was that aside from crafting and surviving animal encounters, the game didn’t really offer anything else. That got boring extremely quick and I can’t see myself putting in any more time when I was already bored playing less than two hours in. Besides that, I found that the resources were really limited. There’s only a few select plants, trees, scrap metal and loot drops that you can interact with to get resources. I found that I had to roam around for pretty long periods of time without coming across anything. For a survival based game that was frustrating and probably contributed to how boring I found he gameplay to be overall.Bears and wolves will pretty much immediately kill you. That wouldn’t be an issue for me if there wasn’t one of them lurking around every corner. Honestly, there were more of them than there was stuff to collect, which made collecting the sparse resources largely unenjoyable. Basically, I found that I had to run around for about 20 minutes and try my best to avoid tons of dangerous wildlife, just to find a loot drop with barely any supplies. It didn’t even begin to be worth the effort.Another issue I had was that the map was incredibly small and besides being pretty, there wasn’t much else to it. There’s no points of interest, nothing to really explore and you’re always running into the edge of the map.Overall, the game has potential, but would not recommend as is."
,Not Recommended,418030,32070105,Posted: 30 May,all,CrossedMan,"I'm a big survival game fan. I love them. On Xbox One I have 375 hours in Ark, 42 hours in 7 Days to Die and a good amount in The Forest. I was super excited for this game after seeing the graphics and hearing about the game play but it was really disappointing. The graphics are amazing, they really are, but the gameplay itself is lacking. When I think survival game, I think about crafting everything I could possibly need, building buildings and killing things for food and security. On this game, somehow, your charcter can make a control panel out of some circut boards, scrap metal and wood planks BUT if you need nails to build a floor/wall/door or anything ya better get to walking. You'll spend the first day or two on the game just walking around looking for supply crates hoping to God it has the material you need in it. I like the difficulty of the game but if your going to make it difficult at least make it kind of realistic. Not a game where most of your time is spent hunting down supply crates that spawn randomly while avoiding wolfs, that take a whole clip to kill, or a bear, which is impossible to kill without standing on a foundation, OR hunters whos' sole purpose in life is to kill you. Currently this is just not the survival game I would be interested in."
,Not Recommended,418030,30376253,Posted: 7 March,all,📂Documents,"Such a disappointment .. No originality, no innovativity.Think i covered the map - yet i met no other hunters.Walked around hitting trees and picking up plants for 30 min .. just to be insta-killed by a bear ..."
,Not Recommended,418030,30423465,Posted: 10 March,all,NateyBoss,"Sustinence? Subside? Subtle? Sub... Subsistence??? That.. You are a person dropped into a somewhat small sandbox survival game. This game frustrates me in many ways. Everything you craft is very expensive and not enough resources around to make the grind for them fun. Said resources are very difficult to see, very easy to walk over them without noticing. It made my eyes hurt having to squint so hard looking for them. One can outrun wolves and bears relatively easily but if they get you, it is pure murder death. Jumping onto a rock does not save you, animals will walk up the side of rocks like Skyrim horses climb mountains and bite you in the booty. You have 7 bullets in a weak pistol to defend yourself with, after that you have to either craft more bullets or find them in crates/bags laying around. As previously stated, crafting is so expensive that it is a nightmare to need something created. Crates/bags are your saving grace, they usually have goodies in them that will help. If you die you get spawned practically across the map with no way to find your dropped inventory accompanied by a five minute timer to find it before it disappears. Do the animals eat it after five minutes? Who knows... but good luck finding it. Building bases is equally elaborate and expensive, very indepth though I give it that. After three days other hostile hunter NPC's begin spawning in the world and build their own bases and come to murder you. Personally, I have not gotten that far because I either die before then or get frustrated and not want to play anymore. It is very easy to get lost so pay close attention to your surroundings and I recommend building near or at visible landmarks. If you do not have a campfire before night time, you are practically guarenteed death is coming for you. During the night, your object of illumination is a barely lit glowstick. I recommend reading the guides available on Steam so you have a general idea of what you are doing. It would be easier and more fun to go out into the woods in real life and try to survive."
,Not Recommended,418030,28939195,Posted: 2 January,all,𝓝𝓪𝓽𝓦𝓾𝓽𝔃,"Resources are too far apart, if you die you lose everything, grindy, repetitive and hard in the frustrating way. Its not fun, I don't recommend this."
,Not Recommended,418030,29639079,Posted: 1 February,all,Trump the dump ✪,"First: I do recommend this game after some tweaking.The concept is great, however, I've played a little more than 1 hour in total and am already bored of how slow paced it is in the beginning. Basically spent 1 hour just to find boxes to build a starting command center. Also, the crafting is waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay to slow, I don't want to spend 30 seconds crafting 5 planks to then have to spend x seocnds to craft >1< foundation piece. I'm sorry, but as much as I like the concept, the game is way to slow.Speed up the crafting a bit, tweak the beginning or change the concept of the beginning part of the game and I may revisit it in the future.With that said, these are very subjective opinions and as I think the concept of the game is great, I would still recommend people to buy it/test it somewhere, and see for themself."
76561198027097640,Not Recommended,418030,32143325,Posted: 2 June,all,tictac,"edited---haven't been able to get far becuase of the games current state of difficulty for starting off.  no glitches or crashes that i've seen so far and it has a  dev. team thats responsive. pending on how the game play is, will reccomend"
,Recommended,418030,31407100,Posted: 27 April,all,sHaKeNbAkE,I sum it all up here-https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ypNRGEr1TbU
76561198325436287,Recommended,418030,26304292,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,frankdabaws,great get it multiplayer will come soon ive been told
76561198065977170,Not Recommended,418030,28245358,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Amrak,"6 spawns, all on top of animals that killed me...."
76561198087108728,Recommended,418030,26331956,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Dagger Dick,"For a one man game this is amazing, fixes come out quick and changes are getting better, i cant wait for multiplayer. 10/10"
76561198306161903,Recommended,418030,30995046,Posted: 7 April,all,8oNeZ,10/10
,Recommended,418030,34787216,Posted: 6 September,all,Joe,okay
76561198245421162,Recommended,418030,29512037,Posted: 26 January,all,Brice,hey i was trying to get ahold of the devoloper can any one help me
76561198282703722,Not Recommended,418030,28221564,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Dairylea,"Wouldnt reccommend. Not really a survival game considering you startt with a handgun.Iknow its in early stages but its very very basic, it needs much more detail added to the mechanics of the game.Dont relese games too early, atleast get on your own two feet before you relese it or this kinda thing happens."
,Recommended,418030,26334599,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,GamblingGamer,"While I do Recommend this game there are a few conditions for it.Lets start off with me, I play hardcore surival Games including DAYZ, ARMA 3 EXILE, Miscreated, The forest etc etc so Ive played a few game of this genre. This Game is EARLY EARLY ACCESS. Which Means not good graphics, AI, or Content however if like me you want to help the developer and play the game to improve it then get this game.If your looking for a Game with hours and hours of Hardcore Survival then I will Suggest Miscreated or Rust, etc etc this is very early stages of development and for that alone its not full of content. However Only 1 Guy is working on this and he has alot of Passion for it. So Lets cut to The basics,Graphics are just average, and arent very impressive as of yet there are plenty of games with better graphics. Graphics arent everything but it does help.The AI is very basic, Wolfs and Bears will kill you extremely quick and will teleport slightly, Human AI will shoot you in the head before you can Aim your gun at them.The Crafting is Basic with the usual Shelter food and Protection Deal.The Gameplay needs alot of work with 3rd Person being practically useless and Seeing stuff in the night is a waste of time.Overall Sounds bad right? Why should I pay for this, Well Short answer We need games like this, Hear me out.....Rust and miscreated and even DAYZ (ARMA 2 MOD) was terrible when they first came out, I mean bad trust me I played all of them from the release date. They improved over time and It was Brilliant to see. Thats why you should try and help Games like these develope and not judge them to harshly at the moment during development.So for me Only buy this game if you want to see it grow and improve over time if not wait maybe a year or buy Miscreated !!!!!!.If you liked this then check out my channel.....https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCt-AaSNfwwcaWXEBBlAIkag"
76561198095636232,Recommended,418030,28352024,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,MikeDommy,"I do recommend this game, but NOT YET! Too little content, and too out of balance. I have more hours watching ""Let's Plays"" than I do actually playing, but even those are boring. 90% of the game is panicking for loot, and avoiding bears and wolves every 100 feet. Not realistic. It's early access and has promise, but it's just not there yet at all."
76561198269569662,Recommended,418030,34247944,Posted: 14 August,all,studio1pdd,I need help the D3D9 error is poping up i have tryed 3 diffrent things plz help someone
76561198007020401,Not Recommended,418030,28430658,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,scottishtartin,"Not playble in current state, save games keep deleteing"
76561197982885560,Not Recommended,418030,31987197,Posted: 26 May,all,Khazdar,"the game had alot or promis but is not nearly ready.most items needed for building you have to rely on finding loot crates ( computer components, nails,)items that are needed for making alot of items are only available from loot crates ( computer components, no cotton in game, have to get lucky and find seeds to grow some. 14 hours and I have like 9 seeds. tomatoes same as cotton, gunpowder)cannot move items once you place them you have to destroy them and get back 50% of resources and remake it. so put down a chest and thats where its going to be. ( major pain in the butt when starting out since the computer parts are needed for alot of the items and those are ONLY available from loot crates)Wild life will kill you alot, hunters can see in the dark so they will kill you most of the time, and I dont think there is any way to reduce the number that spawn it just seems to go up.Overall I would recomend waiting another year or 2 and see if the developer has managed to get the rest of the game created so you can play without needs to hunt for rare loot boxes and pray it has what you need. or it seems you can cheat by looting the crates and then save and reload and loot them again, which I found to be more of a pain and not very fun. I find fragmented or even conan exiles to be more fun for survival games"
76561198075410259,Recommended,418030,28568580,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,AFK,Are good work CG.
76561198329448096,Recommended,418030,26342598,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,uskillme,"I LOVE this game. It has such a huge potential for becoming the best survival game around. It seems to me like a mixture of RUST, DayZ and Stranded Deep.The crafting/inventory system is almost perfect. It only needs slight balancing.I really only have a few minor complaints about this title at this time.-Animals, SOOOOO many of them. For some reason I manage to stuble upon about 10-15 animals per loot chest. This might not sound bad, but in most cases the chests seem to be surrounded by animals. A good thing later on in the game maybe but not so much the first few hours of gameplay.-Loot chests, this ties into my animal problem. Not enough loot crates for the amount of time spent searching/dodging animals. (maybe its just bad luck)-Killing animals, The basic strategy here is shoot them and get them to charge at you then once they get close spam bullets until they drop.. Not a sound strategy for killing animals in real life. I would like to see something where you have a kill radius or some areas that provide a damage multiplier (head/vital organs) This way, you could drop an animal the same way you would in real life. Killing a wolf with a 9mm from even 50 yards out can easily be done with 2 well placed shots(not 6-7 shots from point blank range to the head). Moving on to bears, A 9mm from even point blank range should barely even damage them(currently they only do slightly less damage to a bear as compared to a wolf) however, 2 shotgun slugs is plenty IRL to mow down a bear.Tweaks that would be nice.Bleeding- if you shoot something, it should bleed. This bleed effect could differ based on what type of cartridge was used. a 9mm(low bleed except for when shot into critical areas) The shotgun and SVT ammo could cause more bleed just like IRL. If you shoot a black bear with a 30-06 or 308 in a critical area chances are it is only going to be able to run for a short distance before dropping."
76561198302971654,Recommended,418030,26343517,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,KowaiXDto,Good game but i found a glitch if your throw a thing like a stick and you pick it up you dont get it
76561198020485757,Not Recommended,418030,28751882,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,MARINEAD,"This game has potential but in its current form cannot be recommended. They playable area is very small and generic. Bears and wolves sit on the supply spawns. Many features are not implemented and while it is in pre alpha state it is barely in pre alpha. There are much better options available. I hope the DEV continues to develop this title and adds some more features and areas to the game. Additional items, weapons, tools and other features would also be beneficial.2/10Has potential but not currently worth the money."
76561197970865435,Not Recommended,418030,33610885,Posted: 17 July,all,RAMIREZ,Finding nails simulator
76561198153483885,Not Recommended,418030,26320939,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Odikpah,crashes all the time! im using nvidia gtx980
,Not Recommended,418030,28598000,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,[CZ] Colonel Clanny,"Mainly the game is well made, but I still have a couple of stats for people who read this reviewPros:- The Game itself has a amazing looking, realism and is pretty much good within graphic settings- Random Boxes can be found same for other usefull items to craft stuff- All Items including atmospharic and enemys look realistic and also with alot of detail- It is early access, meaning that you can buy the game (X-MAS) for only about 12€Negs:- The time goes a way to fast in my opinion, if you buy the game, you'll have to know the controll, settings and events of the game (Survival Game experiences)- You cannot craft specific important stuff to build platforms (and others) to have at least a small chance- You just spawn, receive some small messages on the top giving you small hints about the game, which is your tutorial, basically no previous story of how you came there, you just appear out of nowhere.- If a Wolf/Bear is hunting you, you either can use your time to sprint away (Which will most likely fail, coz they are always on you) or you just let yourself being killed by thus creatures, no chance of surviving that- Gun aiming is pretty much weird setted, aiming for the head with a pistol does not give an instant-kill as it usually does, aim for a chickens head and you'll see what I mean- (People with low PC Graphics and stuff) shouldn't play the game at all, if someone reads this with an pretty bad computer, I do not recommend that you'll buy the game- For myself personally, I'm going to refund the game, it was fun at the first place, but after being killed all over again due spawning close to wolfs/bears, I'm not going to try more"
,Not Recommended,418030,26394314,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,NoHarmNoFAL,Literally spent 45 mins walking around a fenced in forest area avoiding a bear or a wolf standing every 100 yards over and over digging through boxs only to die and start over.
,Not Recommended,418030,26514355,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,BriThe Ghost,"Sorry but i just asked for a refund of this game , the main reason is the levelling system, if i shoot an animal in the head i expext it to die not take 5-7 shots just to take off half of its hit points , Lose the levelling system and make it a little  more realiastic and i will be back"
76561197961264191,Not Recommended,418030,31176588,Posted: 16 April,all,Joeyramone,"i do really enjoy alot of this game....however spending hours and hours and hours.....days and days and days farming resources only to die and lose your body.....no thanks.....people say ""oh just dont die"" ya thats helpful.....game has alot of potential....but in its current state....run around try not to die farm res then do nothing....."
,Not Recommended,418030,30400271,Posted: 8 March,all,123,"Truely an aweful game, wolves and bears every 10-20 meters on the entire map with random boxes that are procedurally placed on the map with the wolves and bears pathing around them, they do not roam they just walk away from the boxes as another walks towards it, not at all enjoyable. Also the bears and wolves agro through cover/trees/rocks etc, that was the last straw for me, when the bear climbed a vertical cliff to attack me when i respawned i did my refund. THe demo video looks amazing though doesn't it lol"
76561197995118731,Not Recommended,418030,31143108,Posted: 14 April,all,#yoloscope420edgy5swag,"It's an okay game but it's basically a run from animals and get lost in the woods simulator. I understand its alpha and that there's only one guy working on it - that should not, and does not, affect the review of the game.One of the frustrating aspects of this game is that, somehow, the resource system revolves around running around the world and hunting for random ""supply bags"" - these are small, squat duffel bags (in a realism game, no less) that are randomly generated in the world. The items they have, are found nowhere else, yet some of them are mandatory ingredients for all recipes. Ditto for random ""fiber"" plants. This is how resources are gated, and it sucks.There's only two animals, a wolf and a bear, and both are clunky. Their only job in the game is to procedurally wander around, and make it difficult for you to roam for those ""supply bags"". You have no hope of fighting them until you make a decent base with decent weapons and ammo - again, only possible if you collect enough supply bags. Self-defeating concept.The environs, both auditory and visual, are quite good. It's just a shame that the actual gameplay mechanics, UI, and balancing, are completely and hopelessly bad. There's quite a ways to go, both polish and refactoring of mechanics, until this game can be considered ""good""."
,Not Recommended,418030,32211838,Posted: 5 June,all,Backdraftf20,Not worth your time or money. the different diffuculty levels are all the same. very easy to get lost and not be able to find your way around. animals are way out balance and way to many of them around to be able to avoide them like the game says to do. things might change later once its finished but as of now the game will just♥♥♥♥♥♥you off. i normally dont do a review where i dont recomend the game but this is one i would say to stear clear of.
76561198315705595,Not Recommended,418030,28195855,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,PayMePal,"im begging to hate this game cant run aaway from wolf they dont stop chasing, abd the actual problems is i have to forage for nails wtf i cant make them??"
,Recommended,418030,34134686,Posted: 9 August,all,"=The Gaming Engine= ""He's Dead""","Great game 8/10 would reccomend but can you please add a creative mode because above all I love building in this game but I just don't have the patitence to run around for hours to get only an eighth of the work done, I really like the game all I really want is a creative mode so I can build a really amazing base.PS I ♥♥♥♥ing found a speical box and not 5 seconds after I opened it and got the amazing loot the goddamm game crashed, I can forgive the crash but this is only another reason for creative.PSS Upon further inspection this game crashed alot and it really pisses me off just add the creative mode so I can get a get a cool base."
76561198139555483,Not Recommended,418030,26686665,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Tyr Wulfram,I wanted to like this game it's pretty much single player  rust with some different additions. But sadly the crappy hit boxes and the fact that you can't walk 15 feet without a bear or wolf attacking you is just dumb. And maybe I haven't played long enough but this is the only survival game where you don't get a bow so yeah when you run out of ammo your pretty much screwed.  If the dev's gave us a little bit more customization such as sliders for how many hunters we want or animals we want that would be great. I hope this game grows but right now it's just a pile of monkey turds.
76561198121679007,Not Recommended,418030,28361161,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Manimal,"I would not recommend this game in its current state. I played for almost two hours and was unimpressed with the current content, which is basically running around avoiding wolves and bears trying to loot crates which were the only source for loot that I found in my two hours of game play.You could argue that I didnt play enough to get to the late game content but from what I played it was repetative and boring. There are other games further in development that are more entertaining, Rust and Hurtworld for example."
76561197998875275,Not Recommended,418030,34716185,Posted: 3 September,all,Korso,Bears will kill you early and often with a pistol that does almost no damage. I read the writing on the wall and got my refund early on this one because I could tell it would be just like ARK in how it pretty much punishes players for just starting out with no tools or weapons. Almost like it expects you to cheat to survive.
76561198064918062,Not Recommended,418030,28368146,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,lwb0738,"Well i only have 8.2 hours played and sadly i have done all the game has to offer so far. The game is okay at best maybe a 4/10. There just isnt much to do. Run around gather as much as you can, never even try to fight a bear, starve, die, respawn, gather build a few things and that is that. The ""people"" who spawn never move their spawn site and are back up and running around in less then 1 day, they can snipe the heck out of you and then are standing near your body so getting it is rough. I would wait on this one guys and gals."
76561198142383642,Not Recommended,418030,29304775,Posted: 16 January,all,TheKingPotat,"i feel like this game has great potentiel especially with the computer controlled humans but there was simply not enough game there, not enough meat on the bone in a way. this game will be possibly a great title if it has a bit more content and work added to it with evrything from map genration to enemies to animations and so on"
,Recommended,418030,33060396,Posted: 30 June,all,Nobledroid Gaming Stream,Awesome Game!nobledroid.comnobledroidgaming.comfor my review
76561198094883563,Recommended,418030,26312794,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,[[ZAZHU]]--MIGZY,"played the game for 2.4hrs, i was really enjoying it but now it keeps on crashing..."
,Not Recommended,418030,35398602,Posted: 1 October,all,Cephalopod,"Wouldn't suggest unless you want to spend literal hours hitting trees while starving, then getting eaten by animals over and over again. Even on Easy, this game is not enjoyable."
76561198142149133,Not Recommended,418030,35400922,Posted: 1 October,all,SynapseBreak,Great game has potential. Its a hard game not that easy to get started. The main problem is that it updates too slowly and its not Game changing updates
,Not Recommended,418030,28968251,Posted: 2 January,all,jimbob6f,This game makes me so angry! I have played alot of survivals games this 1 is badly balanced! Feels like a waste of time to play! just too slow! And i now ♥♥♥♥ing hate boxs ffs!
76561198091073163,Not Recommended,418030,35404778,Posted: 1 October,all,carasghant,Way too hard even on easy difficulty. Impossible to get into.
,Recommended,418030,26702519,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Kilroy5150,"These comments are from gameplay between 12/2016 and 01/2017. As this game is still in development, it will (probably) slowly get better.While this game has evolved, quite a bit, since it started. All of it's ""reality"" factors are WAY off-scale. If you're INCREDIBLY patient and can stand the current system, sure, it's the game for you.No Story: With no introduction story, the game seems bland. It's like some cheap, b-movie version of ""Predators"" where you are dropped into a game preserve and, well, there are no aliens.Starting: Straight up, getting stable in this game is annoying and stressful until you get the hang of the game and how the AI animals work...and once you've passed that, the game is INSANELY boring. It's just a repeat of every other sandbox where you build a living environment and there's no real excitement.This game needs: (1/5/17)Berries and cotton growing in the wild: Nature just proves that, if there are seeds, the stuff will be growing in the wild. To have it in the drop packages but not growing wild makes no sense at all.The ability to make matches: This game allows you to build everything up to solar panels...but no matches? The fire-starting kit, to me, is a backstep when it would take less resources to make matches.The energy situation: Horribly imbalanced. While the solar panels might be the most realistic things on the game, it takes a few ""game"" days to actually fill 1000 units and you need 500-1000 to do most anything noteable in this game. The ""mass"" element of this game is COMPLETELY pointless and should be removed all-together. If you have parts, you don't need anything else to create stuff.Weapons system: HORRIBLY off-balanced. A chicken takes THREE 9mm rounds to die? SeriouslyA little less focus on hunger: Better than before but still sucks...too much focus on eating for 1 day unless you're a 400-500 lb person with extreme cravings..The hunters: These guys must have armor on. I emptied a full rifle clip, full 9mm pistol clip, and was killed before i even got the CHANCE to try the shotgun...and i was behind a TREE (the AI was in the open doing that ""terminator"" straight-for-you walk) and i got killed with full health. This means one of two things: Either they are unkillable or WAY too hard to kill. Either way, this needs fixing. (update) Finally killed one of these but they're running in packs now, 2 on 1 is practically impossible for the ""common"" gamer. I've heard the ultra-radicals (who play this game) claim it's perfectly normal. But it's like trying to kill two terminators with a weak weapon.One last thing: The weapon factor is ALL wrong. In reality, when you discharge a weapon, wolves don't run AT you, they run away unless you're stupid enough to be standing on TOP of their den.Animals are all wrong: I help people handle animals. When a weapon is discharged, a wolf doesn't run at you unless you're stupid enough to be standing next to it's den and, even then, it's probably going to run until you leave. Maybe packs of hyenas might come back sooner but still not likely. The thing is, they made the bear less agressive than the wolfThis game, to me, could be better but it's got some growing to do..My last thought here, if you like the game...PLAY IT. Never let anything, that someone else tells you, ""completely"" dissuade / convince you from playing a game...it's just one person's opinion. It was just too much drive space, for something that's already been done, to me...In NO way am i implying ""like what i like""....i'm just telling you how it felt to me....there is no right and there is no worng, there is only perception from the experience and that's what i'm verbalizing here :)"
76561198065089392,Not Recommended,418030,28177118,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Solemnwind,"Even for early access this has a rediculously limited amount of content and for a survival game, it has such a tiny playing area."
76561198018165319,Not Recommended,418030,28994450,Posted: 3 January,all,fndr2002,Just tried this game How about a way to use stones to make tools and flints to start fires? Ummm..where is the water? is there like a stream or pond anywhere? Way too many predators to be in any way realisitic. Tired of running from wolves and bears guarding loot. Fibers should be available if you cut down trees and bushes...waay to hard to obtain. Love having an axe and a pistol...but give me a chance to use real life survival skills...let there be more basic crafting. You can do ALOT with just a knife and an axe...i give it  3 out of 5
76561197984855740,Not Recommended,418030,27801636,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,freddy6toes,Can't say this is anyting special compared to anything else out there.   Missing a lot of stuff still and even then it just doesnt have the feel I like in a survival game.
76561198020163908,Not Recommended,418030,34708634,Posted: 3 September,all,Hypothermia,Very repetitive and boring.
76561198051698320,Not Recommended,418030,28745395,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Knights-Templar,looks nicebut there is a big gameplay issueyou can be careful but you will still end up dead lotssave will be overwritten when you dieso bottom line if you like games that use lots of your spare timeand just anoy the crap out of you then this game is for youif not i would give it a miss for now maybe one day it will be balanced
76561198072434484,Not Recommended,418030,27222271,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mr Meowgi,This game has become unbearable. Crash after Crash After Crash. To start i epxected this from an Early Access Game and had a few crashes.. Nothing major. Since the past few Patches / Updates crahses every 4-5 mins. Soon as I start chopping down trees CRASH. Reload Chop a Tree CRASH... Cant get a refund any more as surpassed th limit.. At the moment I would save your Money until its more stable...I will be uninstalling this game and may return in a few months to see if theres any improvement but at the mo. DONT BOTHER
76561198008589693,Not Recommended,418030,32835815,Posted: 26 June,all,♥ Ðôxiá ♥,"game is boring AF , the wildlife is too OP , they 2 shot u, animation is horrible and the building is a bit off O.o ... worth 5 bucks at the most .. i had it refunded D:"
76561197978494995,Not Recommended,418030,31449200,Posted: 29 April,all,OldSkippy,"Unfortunately  this game isn't playable for me due to my red-green color blindness. Different colors for chests would be a help, making fiber plants with some sort of contrast would also help. As it is, I'll keep an eye on updates in case some day it would be of some enjoyment for me to play.I did buy it however.For many of us if you can't play it in black and white (grayscale)  then the game lacks the contrast to be enjoyable by many of us with differing vision problems.I played for about an hour before giving up. I thought the general idea was good, the only criticism I had was thrying to figure out in what universe did 6 shots from a 9mm not kill a wolf? On easy mode?  So beware dealing with the animals early on is most likely going to get you killed.I didn't ask for a refund becasue I thought it might be one I can play if they deal with the contrast/color blind issue."
76561198089528594,Not Recommended,418030,28333732,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,William,I like the consept of the game but its in early acces and i dont think there is a lot to do in the game. There should be a neutral botton
,Not Recommended,418030,31576495,Posted: 6 May,all,Pacific Hero,"Boring.The world is empty. All you can do is collect logs and fiber(which is realy hard to find...) while hiding from wolfs and bears.""The forest"", ""the long dark"" and ""7 days to die"" are much more better."
,Not Recommended,418030,31945080,Posted: 24 May,all,BANGBUS IS LIFE,"One guy working on this after he gets home from work... so nothings gonna happen anytime soon. Gathering needs reworked, I don't mind time, I do however mind running for hours and getting very little resources. Landmarks would be nice. I don't wanna play on easy mode, I want to play on normal, which is currently insane."
,Not Recommended,418030,29666925,Posted: 3 February,all,Scott's Tots,Pre-Alpha levels of gameplay. Not worth the money.
,Not Recommended,418030,30519339,Posted: 14 March,all,Smileyen,"I'm done wasting my time of this piece of crap! Seriously, stay way from this. It's sooo unrealisticly hard, confusing, unlogic and stupid!What do you do?Try to understand gameChecks on the internet for the most basic stuffGather stuff from boxes, that somehow has just been placed around for no reasonBuild basic stuff, and get's good feelingAfter an hour of grinding for stuff, finally gets what you need, to actually start making a homeSees a level 2 wolf... 2! Attepts to kill it with my pistol. Hits it 5/7 shots. It then jumps on me, and kills me...Respawn and search for my stuff for 5 minutes, then gives up, cause after 5 min, your stuff disappear in thin air, and you have no clue what so ever where to look for it.Am I really that wrong to think, that 5 shots is not enough to kill a damn wolf? :O- Oh, and EVERY animal is faster than you, so you have to use you bullets for them too. And yeah... A chicken takes 2 bullets, lol. Cause it, you know... Makes so much sence! ''.I have tried this game over and over again, and the closest I got to finally build myself a base was what I just discribed there. And if you actually make a base, I know rangers attack you house, so good luck!I rather play the whole story of Dying Light on hardest difficulty, than play this again!"
,Not Recommended,418030,32829285,Posted: 26 June,all,Fresh Outta Hell,"I came into this game expecting it to be another Rust copy that I would immediatley refund. That is exactly what I got. I am not suprised that I am refunding this game after I review it.Graphics: The visuals are fine I guess. Not exactly pretty, hell, I wouldn't even go as far to say ""Good"" But at the same time not horrible. Just kidding... They're pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥ It's not like extremely bad to the point to where it is unplayable but they're bad. 5/10Crafting: Terrible system. For one; there is only like 40 items that you can craft. And collecting even the most simple resource, such as wood or fibers are terrible things to collect, it is so tedious. I only found 4 fibers in an hour and you need fiber to make cordage, you need cordage to make ANY AND EVERY building part. Some things are way to easy to get, such as guns, and somethings are ridiculously hard likke cordage and fibers (You find fibers but they are way to hard to find and you need them for EVERYTHING!) . Honestly, other than the ""Fiber Incident,"" the game's crafting isn't that bad... Not much worse than alot of games, atleast. 5/10Building: The only thing that stands out in this game, in a  good way, anyway, is the building. Alot of different parts, like, half wals, railings... etc. etc. But, honostly its hard to get the matierals and stuff just for a simple foundation. I'll stop there before I get too far. 6/10Gameplay: Terrible, clunky AI for animals. Buggy, nonsensical mechanics. I can;t explain it very well, but, buy the game play it for an hour, and you will end up refunding it. 3/10I don't have much to say about this game you kind of need to play to understand, I guess. Seriously, it just isn;t fun, simple as that. 5/10"
76561198070031764,Not Recommended,418030,34469254,Posted: 24 August,all,Snoobicus,"I reccomend subsistence to the enthusiasts who love the brain-melting monotony of walking around finding little ♥♥♥♥♥♥ crates over and over again just to hopefully find the material you need since most of the items you will need are found in respawning crates, that just appear nowhere in the middle of the forest. If the whole game wasn't just looking for crates I'd say it still has potential, but so far it is very tedious."
,Not Recommended,418030,26481662,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,IPowis,"Even though its early access, its very plain and simple, NOTHING to do apart from run around and find bags on the floor, build a house which takes a ridiculous amount of resources, animals which one shot you and chickens which are faster than you. this game is bad"
,Not Recommended,418030,30191143,Posted: 26 February,all,AuzzieMuzzer69,after death it spawns you without a gun and animals level up meaning they become harder to kill i really dont get the building  it takes to long not enough resources and when you die before you finish your house you it respawns you in a random location. there i too much animals i end up getting killed because the wolves in this game are ♥♥♥♥♥ and breed too much.
76561198021784092,Not Recommended,418030,32227856,Posted: 6 June,all,memerick15,Usually I do not write reviews till i have played 30hrs on a game but to die constantly by wolves and bears makes this game unenjoyable to play. The graphics look good but needs some seriouse balancing for the price it is at right now not worth the money.  if the devs would down the wolf count up the resource count plant fiber is way to few and far between and the cost for crafting is way to high specially in the begining. Also there is no ingame tutorial just tip screen when loading so you have to finger fumble your way through.  the game has potential just not at this point. Also as the Dev has said this is a side passion of his so the game updates may be far and few in between. Before buying this game read the disclaimer
76561198043338421,Not Recommended,418030,29134173,Posted: 8 January,all,[FL:RP] rice901,"This game looks like it has great potential, but the execution of the mechanics is poor. The controls are clunky at best, and the game stutters like an old movie. I would recommend waiting and seeing what the future brings before purchasing."
76561198119002258,Not Recommended,418030,28961828,Posted: 2 January,all,andymuir1308,it is a poor effort...to be honest
,Not Recommended,418030,32964134,Posted: 28 June,all,Eleven,Pros:. Looks quite nice.Cons:. RNG Non-survival simulator. Roll the dice to see why you fail this time.. Jumping/falling more than 4 feet breaks your leg.. You need to eat your own body weight in food to survive a single day.In 2 hours of playing (the Steam time played counter is wrong) I managed to find the materials to start a campfire once but the fire-starting kit doesn't start a fire. Didn't once find enough materials to craft ANYTHING useful. When you die your belongings despawn in 10 minutes but with no way to know where they are what does it matter anyway.
76561197993360402,Not Recommended,418030,31892287,Posted: 21 May,all,Morocco Mole,"I love survival games.  Got annoyed with this one early.My first game, killed several times by the abundance of hostiles while I ran around trying to find the hard-to-see plants.Second game, I ran around for 20 minutes and never saw a supply box.  Then, when I finally found one, I was jumped by a wolf before I could attempt to loot it.You can't craft early without these supply boxes.  I was hungry and losing health before I could even find one.  Plants are a b**** to see.Chopping wood doesn't put wood in your inventory.  You have to pick each piece up individually.  Seems petty, but it's annoying.Bottom line, just not fun."
,Recommended,418030,26303340,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,4archer,Dont read my review just buy it
76561197985072614,Not Recommended,418030,28168711,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,krautmeister,"lets start with the good. the game has good graphics and a lot of potential. however, i found the game less of a survival game and more of ahow soon will you die game. of course you want a challenge, but there just arent enough things to (food and ammo mostly) get you very far. since a begining level wolf can kick your butt after you hit him 4 times with a pistol close range and he bites you a couple times and your dead. forget the bears. youve got a better chance of winning the irish sweepstakes (and i dont live in ireland). food should be more available and animals less abundant. to be honest, i was kind of bored very quickly with the game .... but ... it is nicely built i must say. goof hunting all."
,Not Recommended,418030,29568537,Posted: 29 January,all,Redneck Texas,"It's alright, but not a lot of items or reasons to keep playing. EDIT! I wasn't aware that building the Base Command Unit unlocked many more features and items. Note: although my recommendation is negative, I still think it's a cool concept, too bad I already refunded it, SO if you liked RUST but hated zombies, or the numorous other problems and bugs it had. SUBSISTNECE seems to have resolved all of those issues, so check it out!"
,Recommended,418030,26303545,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Ankido,"Haven't played much.  Shows a lot of promise.  Think of 7 days to die minus the zombies.  You battle against Bears wolves and hunters.  For the price, it's worth a try."
76561198040468740,Not Recommended,418030,26497027,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Weasel,"I have been playing survival games for a while now. I must say that this game is by far the hardest and most frustrating game that I have ever played. First off, it is not very clear how to play the game. Most of what I do I find accidentally. Secondly, I can hardly find any plants to harvest. In the entire time that I have played I found maybe 4 plants to harvest. Where do you find fiber to make other items? This brings me to my next point. It is very hard to find the items you need to build anything. The easiest  item that you can build in the game is a camp fire. My next point is that you start off with a axe, a pistol with 1 round in it, and a glow stick. If you reload the pistol so that it has a full magazine it appears that you lose that 1 round. What ever you harvest or gather will be lost when you die. You see I say when and not if.  There is no map so finding your body is next to impossible. I have die so many time that it is not funny and I have yet to find a single body or what I dropped. I understand that this is a early acceess game but come on make it where you can play it where you are not dieing every 5 minutes."
76561198216948417,Not Recommended,418030,28459230,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,EngineerScotty,"I love hating this game.  It's very addicting; however, very frustrating.  I put up a post perhaps too early.  I'm trying to figure out why the hunters have to be murdering maniacs!  I wave, I put my hands up...whatever.  I'm not sure what those gestures are even in here.Yes, I like  challenge, but I would love it if there was a level you could sent before playing.  I'm pretty sure EVERY OTHER GAME out there has that so that people like me can have fun too.Great game though, really.  I'm out for a while to give it a break.  Way too frustrating.  Let me know when you get the level difficulty put in there.-Me"
,Not Recommended,418030,28368817,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Riggs1980,"If you played the forest I would keep playing it, honestly. The crafting in this game is very differnet then any other game and not in a good way. Its very hard to see items in the game. They've put chests in here but they are so tiny they mine as well take it out."
,Not Recommended,418030,34297756,Posted: 16 August,all,Strykr X,"It was good at first, but after about an hour, the clunky interface really starts getting in the way, and the game really struggles to hold your attention after that."
76561198098306501,Not Recommended,418030,31182229,Posted: 16 April,all,cellos,"There are some problems with this game that makes is a huge irritation. 1.If you die in game, all of your gears will be lost and stored in crate which will disappear in like 5 minutes. I understand that the devs is trying to make the game hardcore, but you should know that there are players who simply want to survive and craft without having to worry for their precious gears. I mean, you can make it an option for us to choose whether to suffer penalty after death, but you simly don't do it. 2.The mechanism of the resource collecting system is unrealistic. I mean, you have to run around collecting ""crates"", which will automatically refresh every day. This makes the game less immersive because it makes you feel as if someone is dropping you supplies every day. The devs could have made the materials spawn in other ways. 3.The game has absolutely no guidance as to how to use some of the craftable items, like the little house for domesticated animals, I built it like three days ago and still didn't figure out how to use it. 4.The weapon system is ridiculous. If you want to kill a chicken, you have to shoot two times(with a pistol). I mean, you can makethe game harder by making the gun a craftable item instead of having it in the beginning or making the ammos harder to find. Instead they make the pistols weak like toys. Apart from that, there's the bow. I crafted a bow and 12 arrows in the early game. Until now I cannot shoot anything with it, and after you shoot it is very hard to spot the arrows, which means that you have to craft more arrows, with which you will shoot absolutely nothing.Of course, the game has some merits. I am extremely into the survival/craft genre and the devs could have made it into a great game, but instead it is made into something that is more annoying than enjoyable."
76561198041325415,Not Recommended,418030,26260923,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,stevegit,"This game is a weak attempt at a survival/craft genre.  Perhaps I am spoiled after the longest dark, where my only issue was limited crafting.Resource problems:* You start with almost nothing, which would not be an issue if you could realistically craft things up.* Supplies are very random, including those needed to build a base.  As are all supplies.So the first part of the game is run around getting enough to create a mini base.There is some challenge, but it is all sneaking, with no real cognitive challenge and a pain of repetition.  So far I have not seen a way to anchor spawn either (though this may be good, because a bear destroyed my base.  (They do not seem to fear fire, and it seems to take about 10 head shots from a pistol to kill a bear, so yeah).Lack of realism or balance.First, you gun is a toy gun. headshot?  What, that just pisses them off.If you fall even a foot more than you can jump, you will instantly bleed to death.  The guy really needs some Vit. K in his deit,Meanwhile, a wolf can survive a headshot, a bear can survive several, and you can survive a stubbed toe, or wait, no you can't.  Don't attack the bunnies, they will kill you!!!!!Unfortunately I played 12 minutes to long hoping it would get better :(...Back to the Longest Dark, so far the only survival (semi-crafting) game worth playing."
76561197970998492,Not Recommended,418030,26264715,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,windfollower,"I decided to get a refund for this game.I like survival games a lot, but this one, to be charitable, is not ready for early access. Maybe there's more to it than met the eye in my time limit, but it's just not a rich enough environment to be interesting. Furthermore, what is there requires too many suspensions of disbelief to get past, such as the way chopping at a tree just gets you a few sticks of wood, and the tree doesn't actually get chopped -- it's just depleted. There aren't that many things to build, and resources are hard to find. Half of what you do find is in chests just lying around in this fenced-off wilderness you find yourself in.A decent story might help the imagination to get past this, but there's none, Nada, zip, zilch. Is it after an apocalypse? Some kind of Hunger Games? Who knows?Anyway, if there's more to it, apologies to the dev. But I was not enthralled, and I had to act fast to make sure I qualified for the refund. My recommendation is to try The Long Dark, for example, if you're looking for this kind of game."
,Not Recommended,418030,28854694,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,goodsnpr,"This game is touted as survival, but in reality it's just you wandering around looking for nails to build your base. You will die many times because you have very little ammo, and most of the random loot boxes are close to animals which will turn on you very quickly. This game is nothing but artifical difficulty, with no fun or redeeming aspects."
,Not Recommended,418030,35027426,Posted: 17 September,all,Duckroll,"Literally dozens of animals in a small area, making it very hard to move around. Often you'll end up running into a bear while fighting a wolf because you were avoiding running into another wolf. The animals take several shots to kill even to the head, and you have no crosshair. Many can one-shot you, and if they do kill you, they level up, restore all their health, and camp your corpse.The bow is horribly inaccurate and doesn't have crosshairs.Base building requires huge amounts of materials, I still only had a 4x4 platform 4 hours in.Seems to be very grindy to make up for lack of content."
76561198150725768,Not Recommended,418030,33599775,Posted: 16 July,all,DeGugs,"When I purchased this game, I was expecting somewhat of an upgrade fromThe Forest. I expected this to be the next realistic forest survival and base construction game, but this time with guns and AI enemies who know how to use them. Perhaps all this was waiting for me at some point, but the fatal flaws of this game became apparent early on and forced me to jump ship on this game.Right from the start, this game failed where other survival games succeed (inEARLY ACCESSno less); the first day of survival. Most survival games give you the bare minimum tools and supplies you need to get started right in front of you as you take your first in-game steps. InMinecraft, you can build a shelter out of just about any block you see, inThe Forest, you start off surrounded by a bounty of lost luggage containing medicine, food and a crafting guide that will show you how to pitch a basic tent with only sticks and leaves. In Subsistence however, you are given no tutorial, negligible supplies in your inventory (which you don't know how to open), an axe, a glow stick, a gun with ONE bullet in the clip (which you don't know how to reload even if you find more bullets) and one instruction; to build a communication device. ""Gee thanks game, so where do I get the stuff to craft it?"" Well there are these teeny tiny bags of supplies scattered FAR and WIDE, but somehow they lack the most annoyingly important resource in the game;NAILS!If you don't have nails in this game, you can't build ANYTHING that looks like a base. I remember reading another review that warned me about how hard it is to get nails in the game. I thought, the game would, at the very least, give me a decent amount at the start, but no, I had to go around searching for these little bags, and hope that I didn't get eaten by a preditor that I couldn't defend myself from. This of course happened to me about 5 times in a row. 2 or 3 of which were in the MENU of all places, that's right, the menu doesn't pause the game in SINGLEPLAYER! When the normal mode description read ""the recommended and default setting"" I didn't realize this meant that I would be within 100ft of a bear or a wolf at all times!And to top it all off, I had to chose between the game looking and running like crap! The game's median graphics settings are comparable toThe Forest, a game that runs perfectly on my laptop, and yet I had to go into the game's broken menu, and dumb down the graphics even lower to get the same framerate on the same laptop, how does this happen?I hope this game's fans are patient for updates, because there is a lot of work to be done. If the developers want people to fill up the servers for their upcoming multiplayer mode, they had better work on giving new players a good first impression first. Meanwhile, I'm heading back toThe Forest."
76561198048034277,Not Recommended,418030,26456324,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Aburn,"too much wildlife , cant really play it for dying every 4 minutes even ark isnt that bad , meh refund"
76561198114087537,Recommended,418030,26219231,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Salted Words,Oh Man am I ever Happy I bought this Game. Two Thumbs up!
76561198017265525,Not Recommended,418030,28592424,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,intered,"Really wanted to enjoy this game as it seems top notch even in its current state, but once I got it on sale and went in, I was baffled by the performance. Strangely, I did not notice any reviews about the poor performance, so I never took that into account.GTX970, 8GB of RAM, and an FX 6350 on mostly Medium settings. 30-40 FPS wandering around and looking at the horizon. Only by the time the night settled, I had a stable 60 FPS.Performance ruined the experience."
76561198054726291,Not Recommended,418030,26447858,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,SloppyDangle,"Just got this game a few days ago and I just had the opportunity to sit down and play some of it today. However, when I try to run it, it crashes almost instantly. For a brief moment it will say ""Running"" in my game library then that disappears (nothing else happens, no windows pop up, etc). Same thing happens when I try to run a dedicated server. I already checked my game cache, reinstalled the game, restarted my computer, and restarted steam. Seems like a fun game, wish I could play it. Any advice would be obliged."
,Not Recommended,418030,27585909,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Ducky848,"♥♥♥♥ this game. Totally stupid.You run around gathering♥♥♥♥♥♥for hours. And then a lvl 1 bear chases you to the edge of the earth, and stamina runs out and you die, and you can't find your body so you start over.Then get this, the game instantly saves the moment you die, as a big ♥♥♥♥ you. You'd be better off alt+f4 right before you die.And to top it off, the bear doesn't even eat you, it just ♥♥♥♥ing chases you and kills you then continues on like it just ejaculated on your face and is done with you so entirely.I cannot stand this game, and I refuse to play it. I have better♥♥♥♥♥♥to do with my life.These indie projects are so worthless, I don't know why I even bother.There's is absolutely no purpose in playing this. It gives you nothing in return. What do you expect to get from it, hours of toil so you can take a screenshot and share it on facebook? what the actual ♥♥♥♥. If it had multiplayer, I would reconsider it. But right now this is the worst game I've played in at least the last year.*Mic drop*"
76561197962063466,Not Recommended,418030,30458652,Posted: 11 March,all,Iesous,"yet another game that is a polished turd.  dont play this game, i get that its supposed to be this badass hardcore survival game, but cmon where is the realism, i literally shot a wolf in the head 5 times and got mauled to death, and yes im going to mention the common problem that is finding the hidden plant fibres that are all around you yet you cannot harvest. maybe i am quick to judge this game as you can see i havent put more than an hour in. all i can say is play 7 days to die way more fun it actually has multiplayer and is way more immersive than this pos."
,Not Recommended,418030,32880334,Posted: 27 June,all,₪ Skippy,"The Game is fun, but i dont feel it is worth the money at the current state, it has alot of scavenging and cool things you can do, but grammar is my enemy and i must conquer the world with my brain. Good Game, add Mutiplayer"
76561198062594094,Not Recommended,418030,26646087,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,charlestrange,"This is the most frustrating game I have ever purchased. Why is this forest over populated with overly aggressive predators? You know what would be nice? A gun. But for some unexplicable reason I've started spawning without one. I can make a 9 mm, but it's too weak to kill anything other than chickens and low level wolves, but I can't tell what level the wolves are because the hp and level bars only seem to pop up at random times.In summary, it's easier to actually go out in the woods and survive than it is to survive in this game. I understand that this is an early access, but goddamn have you ever actually played your own game?"
76561198145915303,Not Recommended,418030,28322141,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,oCloudyKun,"it is an O.K. game, but it needs a LOT of improvment."
76561198126818838,Not Recommended,418030,29596045,Posted: 30 January,all,DocGreen,this game has some cool crafting and solid mechanics my biggest issue is the DEATH PENALTY REALLY WEIGHS THIS GAME DOWN!!!!! ITS WAY TO FRUSTRATING TO DIE AND HAVE TO RESTART WHAT A WASTE OF TIME PLAYING WHEN YOUY KNOW IT WILL ALL END SO SOON
76561198158130270,Not Recommended,418030,26538820,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Kool Aid,"i will say this is a very good game, but the the main thing they should fix is adding dear and bears and wolfs there really should not be that much animals. the animails should be hostle to each other like for and example bear vs wolf i would like to see that in game. there going in the right direction but they should add some abondanded buildings, and please make the map bigger."
76561197978962421,Not Recommended,418030,28460211,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Ninja2dan,"41 minutes into the game and I'm ready to uninstall it. I won't be asking for a refund through Steam, which might be a mistake but only time will tell. Instead, I'll leave it alone and see if it improves enough to become playable at some point.So far, at least in regards to game mechanics, it's pretty much a knock-off of Rust, with hints of other games thrown in. The graphics look cleaner, but this early into development that isn't a huge bonus.I find the game unplayable at this time though, which is disappointing. Every 10-15 feet is another large bear or other aggressive animal that will kill you in seconds. Your first day is spent running around, dodging predators while trying to get lucky enough to find the supplies to get a base foundation down and a fire going. Because loot is random through these little boxes, you might get just what you need or you might get useless garbage.I had found just enough to get a foundation down and was starting to freeze, so I hunkered down in a small rock cave with a fire going to stay warm at the end of the first day. I could hear a bear somewhere nearby, but I dared not move until it was bright enough out to see anything. Then, a bear comes OUT OF THE ROCKS and mauls me to death. I lost everything I had found, only to spawn who-knows-where with the starter garbage again. That right there was it for me, I was done. I can't deal with animals clipping through terrain and objects like other fail games.I don't mind a challenge, of course there has to be something out there to offer some threat. Surviving the elements is fine, and I can see having to deal with a few aggressive bears, wolves, etc. But there were enough bears around that I thought I was in a zoo enclosure. Seriously need to tone it down, reduce the number of bear spawns, and get rid of them clipping through objects and terrain. Until then, no point even trying to play.And yes, I'm fully aware that this is ""Alpha release"" and work-in-progress, etc. After playing the game and encountering the problems mentioned above, I was reading the forums, only to see people complaining about issues like severely high bear spawns and animals going through terrain for quite a while with no fix in place or any apparent temp solution. Instead, the fanboi community simply says ""deal with it"" and that's it. So at this time, I can't recommend the game even to those willing to attempt to help with feedback."
76561198213684703,Not Recommended,418030,34205249,Posted: 12 August,all,AgentMrBig,"Well I dont want to be too harsh, but in its current form, this game is no good. Nothing to do, interface is not so great, no controller support. I had a 9mm pistol, I shot a chicken, it only damaged the chicken for 1/3 of its life?!! I shot a wolf more than 10 times, still had over half its life left. This is unacceptable and honestly its pretty stupid. Graphics, not bad. This is basically a walk around board till you come across animal life that is imune to 9mm bullets and get killed simulator. Feel like I wasted my money."
76561198036297849,Not Recommended,418030,29936821,Posted: 14 February,all,Revirks,"Instant Refund Requested. The trailer couldn't have been lying any more than it did.Resources are too scarce, wildlife is too strong, Crafting requires so much resources it's ridic."
,Not Recommended,418030,33211114,Posted: 3 July,all,FREEMASON,"First impression:This game is similar to ""The Long Dark""pros:-The game runs smooth on my GTX 1080-Animation of gutting an animal is good-gives you goosebumps when wolf chases you-lions, tigers, bears, oh my ride!cons:-running DX9.0-no tutorial-UI could do some change-They didn't mention that there is a third party agreement thing that we have to abide toI don't recommend for myself you guys can check it out and refund if you want"
76561198036737739,Not Recommended,418030,28578699,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Jacobscorner,It takes way to much of your time to find and build the supplies you need to get started. I have spent 10 hours+ on this game and it is nothing but BS and rage quitting. Too many animals spawn near you and kill you. Too many animals spawn near crates and kill you. Im done with this game!
,Not Recommended,418030,32308913,Posted: 9 June,all,a big ass sammitch,Boring after a while and hard to get into. Not the best game..
,Not Recommended,418030,29412656,Posted: 21 January,all,Aunara,"Really cool concept, but only an hour in I'm already sick of being eaten. It kind of seems like your handgun in here shoots pellets, because even rabbits and chickens find it little more than annoying. No number of shots to the head for a wolf or bear does anything at all but have them bleed on you while eating you. I'm all for the difficulty, but some reality would be great - like maybe not having the gun in the first place since it's useless, but after you find one allowing that to matter?I'd love to reccomnd it, but there's little point in a survival game that's so far removed from reality."
76561198091287991,Not Recommended,418030,29170945,Posted: 10 January,all,Sayonara,Idea is good but the way of developing the game is worst i have ever seen..Reason- No map cant do♥♥♥♥♥
76561198024822178,Not Recommended,418030,31336620,Posted: 24 April,all,irreversal,"You will die from boredem. cant say its not my type of game, i play 7 days to die and heaps of other survival games. and yea the dev has talent. but from this point. its so boring especially at the start. just walking and walking and walking and chopping wood and walking and oh a bag and walking and walking. a few wolves and bear oh boy and more walking and finally i can craft something..wait..i need this..and walking and walking. some of these review make it out to be so good. they must be on crack while they play or something because sober playing this is so hard to get through without making you fall asleep."
76561198015782118,Not Recommended,418030,28847351,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Josh Voorheez,"in almost 2 hours I was able to build a foundation and 2 walls, then i was killed by a silent wolf who was able to move through rock. There are no distinct features in this world so I rez'ed who the hell knows where, and was walking who the hell knows where. You need fiber to make cords to male walls... but there are no fibers to be found. If I can't build 4 walls and a roof in 2 hours,  who knows how long it will take to actually progress anywhere in this game.- no distinct features to the world- lacking resources- animals spawn every 100 meters or so, you end up just walking in circles- if i wanted a grind I'd reactivate WoW"
,Not Recommended,418030,34901796,Posted: 12 September,all,Landysh,"if you see to bye this game this week, I don't recommend. The game is raw as rabbit meat... and without any realistic sense. 2 bears and 5 wolves, and only 1 rabbit within 500ft circle range - I can't even imagine where it can be on the Earth, but in a zoo... However, the zoo have much more rabbits than you can meet in game. And there are too many lootboxes for the 1 sq.mile. I hope game will be more realistic to play it, but now don't waste your money."
76561198067080774,Not Recommended,418030,28646660,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Stringfellow Hawk,"Could use a lot more work, wasnt fun.  Not liking being respawned in to a group of bears and wolves pretty much everytime.  Would be nice if you could go back and pick up lost packs after death, but again the gang of wild life rapists would be hanging around anyway.  There does have to be a chance of survival to make the game at least somewhat enjoyable. Single player or local servers would be nice and a map of course, maybe a map you could piece together or find or by just plain exploring.  Hell if I was lost in the woods I always carry a map, a notebook and pens just so I could map out a region if needed.   Not real sure where the testing comes in, feels like they are already having you play the game.  BTW I have never seen a bear or wolf climb straight up a shear cliff face."
76561198097523195,Not Recommended,418030,32234561,Posted: 7 June,all,in4thekill,"I have bought this game and enjoy it but the wolves and bears are to numerous, fed up dying and loosing my gear.When is the next update, seems a long time ago any update was reported?  Why not a weekly notification on what is happening?  We need more development. I feel that this is not going to be finished."
76561198020359396,Not Recommended,418030,29048949,Posted: 5 January,all,Taniyama,"Quite honestly, if you not into hard core survival games?Then I wouldn’t recommend Subsistence.It’s got a lot of shortcomings.Considering it’s a survival game? You can’t even craft a spear, which you should be able to, with an axe and a bit of wood. A bow and arrow would also be nice. Considering that you can make a hand gun from wood and scape metal. I think a bow and arrow would be more realistic in that type of situation.Seven bullets it takes to take down a wolf, even if you hit it in the head. A head shoot counts for nothing.You die? And trust me you will die a lot even on normal mode. You lose everything unless you get back to it in time, but one problem. It doesn’t even tell you where your drop is. It also gives you five minutes and since there’s not many landmarks? It makes it almost impossible to find.Then there’s the one-hundred second delay in the base beacon’s activation. During the day it’s not so bad, but at night? Considering you’ve got nothing but a pair of pants, axe and glow rod. You can freeze to death within a minute, even quicker if you respawn up in the mountains.Trying to catch a rabbit or chicken, almost impossible. They’re just too fast and you can’t make any traps to trap them. With an axe this is a simple task in real life.Getting resources isn’t very realistic. They magically appear in randomly generated bags around the map. Its potluck what you’ll find.One simple programme problem. Likely my graphics set up, but the game appears too dark and there’s no in game control to adjust the brightness.As off 01/06/2017.I would not recommend this game, but with some thought and work. It could a diamond in the rough."
76561198033055771,Not Recommended,418030,29278719,Posted: 15 January,all,Teckis,lvl 1 dog/wolf takes more bullets then gun has in clip. really stupid.
,Not Recommended,418030,28956325,Posted: 2 January,all,Advanced,Why does this exist??
,Not Recommended,418030,29026682,Posted: 4 January,all,SizeablePunch,"The Pros:- The game is hard.The Cons ( 1 to 10, 1 being mild anoying  and 10 being wtf)- The game is hard, but more like hard as in prison is hard.- The interface is very 1990s-esk- Everything is clunky- Crafting system is painful to use- You get many 'gathered' resources from boxes lying around the game world - lazyI would love to see these guys succed and I'm not sure why so many people gave it such good reviews.  I can only assume that they havent played games made in this century."
76561198009000488,Not Recommended,418030,35380203,Posted: 1 October,all,2fatactualnotinegypt,waste of money even if free
76561197987782863,Not Recommended,418030,34350190,Posted: 19 August,all,^0SuP^7e^0R | ^7WhI^0t^7E,"This game fails to keep you interested. You can be playing for an hour and actually have nothing done in this game. The crafting system needs to be balanced out, because the way it is now is way to difficult to get basic equipment."
76561198241847162,Not Recommended,418030,33021790,Posted: 29 June,all,Lord Dake Kai,"No.I simply hate this games playstyle and poor design.Cannot last more than ten min. at a time before a random mauling. Even on easy the game does not change.Pretty decent looking game though on the ultra setting but I have not really had the chance to see the game yet.lolI've patiently waited through some updates to see if the random maulings would subside a little but to no avail.Everything in this game runs and moves too fast. The chickens are on meth I think.7-8 hours of play and only 10 min. at the most playtime per life/respawn. I have uninstalled and re-installed many times and it's always the same thing. I play a lot of survival games, through Steam and not. The 'A.I.' of the animals is total rubbish. That's because there is none. Everything seems to be queued by a distance ratio trigger. Hell, I've spawned in and died immediately cause of spawning really close to a wolf.The game has potential but that's not saying anything really. A rock has potential to.lolIs it a survival game? Yes. But only cuz you have to survive the programming. Oh well, swing and a miss IMO..."
76561198302307217,Not Recommended,418030,28984800,Posted: 3 January,all,Bounce,doesent even run the game not recomended if your just browsing
,Not Recommended,418030,26251854,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Cobalt,To be 100% honest i felt like i was playing an alpha version of legacy rust. All the best to the games developement but i will be requesting a refund.
76561198080607442,Not Recommended,418030,29237548,Posted: 13 January,all,NJregulator0214,"I have played a lot of brand new sandbox survival games, but I cannot recommend this one.  This game has too silly grinding and too many wild animals, to be enjoyable.  Maybe after more work is put in, I could see playing this."
76561198138664071,Not Recommended,418030,26692678,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,wldaniel,Need a LOT more work.
76561198026931892,Not Recommended,418030,29620216,Posted: 31 January,all,Grenadieros,"Bad game design and mechanisms. I died 4 times on normal before i could even manage to build a single base foundation or a single cloth piece, even though a looted severals of crates. Shame"
76561198107152704,Not Recommended,418030,28279396,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Irish Potato,IT DOESNT HAVE ANY AI
76561198070467008,Not Recommended,418030,31967277,Posted: 26 May,all,King Joe,Grinding for boxes and plants is boringCombat is boring
76561198029818396,Not Recommended,418030,28352486,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,GrenadesAndHamm,"No tutorialThe game has no in game tutorail, no instructions, no hints on what you're supposed to do unless you research it and find ones done by users, and they are not well done.The rude defenders of the game say repeatedly there are guides, but the ones I've seen were written by people that admitted they were brand new and game very little information.  Maybe there is a good one, somewhere.  When asking for one on the forum, nobody could present one.It's easy enough for a developer to do a simple fifteen minute tutorial these days, and those developers that cant be bothered to do that deserve it when people like me don't want to dedicate ttheir time and down vote their game.  EA or not.Tons of bugs, sounds like the game is unplayable, check the forumsThere are quite a few topics (that seemed to pop up after I bought the game) complaining about game breaking bugs such as the game auto-saving as you die so all your progress is lost.  Apparently this has been known and not fixed for quite a while.Check the forums as to complaints of the bugs.....many sound game breaking.  Guns not loading when you have ammo.  Wildlife spawking inappropriately including indoors.EA games should be playable on Steam, and plenty are.  This game is reviewed as an EA game compared to other EA games.  So don't get your panties in a bunch and claim EA games shouldn't be down voted.Typical, unhelpful forumAsk a simple question, get three responses that are all unhelpful, rude and blame me for not wanting to correct the games lack of options on my own.  If you want people from outside your own region to want to play a game, include simple things like temperature conversions.Question:  Is there an option that allows you to change between C and F?Answer 1:  Gives me formula to calculate it myself, and then calls me brain dead for not wanting to do that every time.Answer 2:  Kinder reply, but tells me the same thing after explaining who invented Celcius.I still dont know if there is an option or not.  I assume no.No back key to switch to SteamIt's a little thing, but not having a key that lets you back out of the game to view Steam is annoying.  You have to quit the game to access your computer.  Personally, I typically don't play games that do that.My time played: Five minutesI only played it the five minutes it required to leave this review.  I spent probably an hour researching what I was suppose to do....trying to find a tutorial, looking at poorly written user tutorials.....If you're going to comment that five minutes isn't enough time to judge a game, it will be deleted.  The reason I can't recommend it is listed.  If you want to watch hours of video to play a game because it doesn't give you instructions, you have more time than I do.I exited the game while I did this so I wouldn't go over my hour."
,Not Recommended,418030,30531364,Posted: 15 March,all,Trelokomeo,"EA review: unrealistic. That doesnt fly for me with survival games. I mean, loot boxes randomly placed with a heave dependence on them..? Where to start.. read the other negative reviews. you will find what you need to know."
76561198040537703,Not Recommended,418030,28279153,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,RDLINEmac,This is crap.... played for 10 mins and now it just crashes ever time i try to restart it.
,Not Recommended,418030,30028371,Posted: 19 February,all,*****gamer2014,"Worst character movement, no starting guide. Looks bad as 1998 bad"
,Not Recommended,418030,28720724,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,💎IMpRoVe💎,I purchased a survival game not a fckng Runing SimutalorThis game just makes u run from box to box in the begining for a long time hoping you dont recognize the lack of content.(well i did)its not only that game also thinks that you are stupid or someshit >> you start the game with a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ gun and a Woodcutter axe then you found 1 wooden chest it asks for a lockpick to open it like WTF ? Really ♥♥♥♥♥  i can litterelly shoot open the lock or just break the chest with the axe its stupid as hell ????The AI is i dunno wtf  game seems to have this HUNTER's which will build bases and sht but i just cant stay in that game for that long too see those dudes  other then that there is only 2 other AI i saw was a Bear and a Wolf Thats It !!!!.Optimization is legit crap runs like a turd on a :i7-4790GTX 1080 OC16 GB RAMgetting 45-50 FPS on 1080p WTF ?it might be a early acsess or whatever but srry i dont belive that sht no more. DayZ is still in early acsess aswell...
76561198109326468,Not Recommended,418030,26461850,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Good Guy Waldo,"Well I bought this game when I was completly sloshed and I was like ""whoa this sounds pretty toobular"" but after playing it for 30 minutes and grinding like crazy I said to myself ""♥♥♥♥ this"""
76561198413502051,Not Recommended,418030,34899285,Posted: 12 September,all,zach.mayer122,"Meh.. Not very pleased with my purchase on this game.Canèt even run it well on low settings... so pretty well not even playable...In all honesty, i wouldn't argue with a refund.. at least i'd have my $14.99 back and not this potato of a game."
76561197972797160,Not Recommended,418030,26461904,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,RagheadBandit,Games incomplete for even an Alpha launch. you base your entire survival on loot crates and they are way to random and not to mention few and far between to even consider making a strategy on how to survive with out starving. this game beeds more balancing before it should have been relesased. EA game or not i still cannot reccomend this game in its current state and would advise others to avoid the game untill its more balanced.
76561198037293464,Not Recommended,418030,30952682,Posted: 4 April,all,Lenks,"Too soon, unless you like empty worlds with with very little in the way of goals or guidance, with resources so sparse that I traipsed around for the better part of an hour to find two - TWO - plants to make ONE piece of cordage.The biggest problem with this game is that you're reliant on found resources rather than being able to go after and hunt/craft what you need from the beginning. You are literally forced to do nothing but wander around scanning the ground for bags and plants, while avoiding animals that kill you in three hits. Dude, if I start with nothing but an axe, I better be able to use that axe to get the next thing I need, and so on. Mere chance should not be part of it.I usually persevere in open-world crafting games, even early access. Had 7 Days To Die and Stranded Deep, etc, for ages, and they give you enough to manage from the beginning to keep you interested. Afraid this one does not do the same. Lost interest after an hour total."
,Not Recommended,418030,35233132,Posted: 26 September,all,RelentlessSpork,"Unfortunately, I cannot reccomend this game in its current state. I have played for approx 8 hours, and I have yet to actually be able to complete a functional base. Crates are too hard to come by and animals that want to eat you too common. It takes 3 hits to a tree to get one piece of wood, 3 pieces of wood to make a plank, and about 4-5 planks to make one piece of a base. It also takes 10-12 nails to make that piece of base, and you only get about 4-8 nails per crate when you actually get some. This means TONS of running around looking for nails to make your base, all while hoping you dont become malnourished because you cant plant fruit to keep that level up. All in all, feels like the game has been artificially made difficult by making the simple things require so many materials. As an adult with a job and life responsibilites, I do not have hours upon hours to grind wood and nails to make even the most simple of bases. I wish I could refund, but I gave this game too many chances to impress. Guess ill come back to it later and hope its improved."
76561198325421138,Not Recommended,418030,32135245,Posted: 2 June,all,TmK,"This game is so f****ng annoying.  The idea is fun, but it is ruined by being unnecessarily complicated during game play to do simple tasks.The beginning before you have a house, they make it so rediculously hard and if you die, YOU START ALL OVER AND ALL THAT WORK IS GONE.  SPENT HOURS gathering resourses and crafting stuff, which requires A LOT just to make very little, then a fk ng bear killed me and I have to start from scratch!!!   FK that.   And it automatically saves, so you can't just go back to a certain saved point.They make everything unnecessarily complicated.  Basic stuff like starting a camp fire (or you will die of cold) takes SO MANY f***ng steps: Collect log, split log into sticks, have enough logs and sticks, craft a camp fire.  Then to start the fire, you need a fire starter: collect log, split log into sticks, make rope (collect 2 bushes they call ""fiber,"" which is basically bushes but are so rare in A FOREST, for some odd reasons), craft the fire starter.  To start the fire, use the fire starter, put it in the camp fire menu, choose ignite.  Then add more logs or it will die in a short period of time.  ALL THIS WORK JUST TO MAKE A♥♥♥♥♥♥♥FIRE.   And the fire starter is good only 1 time.  So you need to keep repeating this s**t every night.  If you don't make the fire in time, you die, LOSE ALL YOUR STUFF, and start the game all over.  Rediculous.Other more popular games have the same idea too (The Forest, Stranded Deep) but those games are fun, because they don't make starting a SIMPLE FIRE rocket science.  So players can actually focus on other fun tasks like building, crafting weapons, hunting.   And resourses are more realistic with those other games too.  They don't require 10 things to build a simple wall.I can tell this game is designed by a programer for a programer type, who likes many steps to do simple things.  For normal people, survival games like The Forest and Stranded Deep do the exact same stuff in a less cumbersome, less unnecessarily complicated way.I would not recommend this game at this design point.  I would request my money back from Steam, but it takes so long to play this game to the point you have an idea what the game is like, and by then it's already 5+ hrs and no refund.  Don't buy.To be fair, the game developer's commitment to his game & its players is good."
76561198011305194,Not Recommended,418030,30825641,Posted: 29 March,all,{TWB}_L0N35TAR,"yup... that last update made this incredibly difficult on ""easy"" difficulty... as of right now this game isnt that great. pro's: it's got kind of a cabela's wild hunt feel to it but not in the sense that you are a hunter more like the ALWAYS Hunted. the graphics design is coming along nicely it isnt ark but it's got it's own nice visuals. there is a nice crafting system that uses a multitude of items. Con's: it takes a god awful long time to collect the resources to do anything, your only dependence on water is finding a ton of resource drops like ammo bags and medical bags... the predators are way to strong and only get stronger when you die which means there is no room for error. grindy as hell, best get in tune with the ""thunk... thunk.. thunkaplok"" because you will be hearing that kinda sound all the first week in game grinding wood, it also doesnt help the fact that the most common tree gives only 3 wood planks per 8 hours of cool down. overall this game has a nice direction and im glad they are updating frequently but they need to do some serious calibration in this games development. i hope to come back in a few months to this game and finish up at least a few more hours of gameplay. but for now its a 3.5/10. you can do better!"
76561198080212726,Not Recommended,418030,28570553,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,bob_ross,"i'm done with this game. after hours & hours, i die and find my inventory on top of an unclimbable rock."
,Not Recommended,418030,30826026,Posted: 29 March,all,The Amish Goat-Man,"While there is so much good potential in this game, I can't help but feel like it's a poor rip off of Rust. The animals are impossible to negotiate because once they agro you, you're dead and there's no out running them. There's a stupid system in place currently that gives you a 100 second delay on being able to see your base becon. Considering the game is singleplayer only at this time, why is this even a thing? What balancing issue could seeing where your base is affect the game? The resources are so scarce that you have to spend a whole day looking for supplies to complete one building project. The only thing in abundance is trees and enemies. So as clever as some of the facets of this game are, I would say save your money for Rust or save your money until this game greatly improves. I can't play for more than 5 minutes without getting frustrated at the wolves and bears let alone the hunters."
76561198093527294,Not Recommended,418030,31797993,Posted: 16 May,all,doodoobutta10,"never CRAFT A SHOTGUN IT DOES LITERALY ♥♥♥♥ NOTHING. youd think a game where the only message you see is ""your cold"" and where wolves and bears are the only wildlife youll see 90% of the time that atleast if you shot a ♥♥♥♥ing wolf point blank with a shot gun itd die. i even shot a damn rabit w it n still nothing then after you die you lose it all. i uninstalled this♥♥♥♥♥♥as fast as i installed it"
76561198311834676,Not Recommended,418030,28314608,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,patrowolf,"If like to be eaten by a wolf every 2 minutes, this is the game for you"
76561198089468510,Not Recommended,418030,28999216,Posted: 3 January,all,The Bone Doctor,Do Not Reccomend
,Not Recommended,418030,29454261,Posted: 23 January,all,MurderFace,"The game isn't hard. You just need patience and to look around so you don't walk into a bear or wolf. Those are your only threats. The map is bland and it's enclosed by a metal chain link fence. There are little wood crates and green bags scatter throughout the map with some loot. It's just weird how all the animals (only chicken, bear, and wolf) and loot creates and trees and rocks are  just neatly spread out in the map. The wolfs and bears act weird. I don't fear them. I don't recommend."
,Not Recommended,418030,31708713,Posted: 12 May,all,StringCheeseHustler,"The approach is decent, execution is poor.  If I can find more scrap metal laying on the ground than I can plant fibers, something is seriously wrong.  Played only for 26 minutes and couldn't stand to go any longer.  I'd rather play 7DTD any day than this.  I would absolutely recommend waiting until the game is OUT OF ALPHA before purchasing, if that ever happens.  This is just an utterly boring walking/getting mauled by animals simulator."
76561198102730879,Not Recommended,418030,29875170,Posted: 12 February,all,Gruesome Puglet,"If you enjoy an empty world with no content in it, bad physics, overpowered wolves and bears, bulletproof chickens and rabbits (yes there is only 4 different animals) then this game is definitely for you.There is nothing to this game. No goal whatsoever. You walking trough the ""open world"" (fenced) with full of stones and trees. There are a wolf and a bear every corner. Sometimes you will see a chicken (bulletproof as I couldn't kill it with 2 bullets), sometimes a rabbit will pop up.Natural resources are not easy to find but don't worry you will find a lot of loot in wooden chests and camo bags (that are scattered around)... Just can't find the word to describe the stupidity of this idea...I've actually watched few YouTuber's gameplay and I must say there is no honesty these days. Clickbait videos, sponsored by the devs are the plague of the YT.Or they must take a lot of unidentified forbidden substances because this game has positive reviews in most of them...At the end thanks to Steam, there is a refund system in place... Don't forget to use it ;)"
76561198206168637,Not Recommended,418030,34907814,Posted: 12 September,all,GameFreakLuk1986,"Decided to give this game a try and i have to say it needs alot of work yet.  The only good things about this game are the graphics, crafting and building mechanics.  It is pretty challenging right off the bat even for easy mode.  Needs fruit trees like apples and pears.  Fishing should be implemented as well.  It's really tough to explore because the bears and wolves aren't spead out enough making it harder to establish a good area for a base.  Traps like snares would be a nice addition for hunting purposes.  Torches would be good addition that way you could light a path around where you setup your base.  Would be nice to see caves and abandoned structers to scavenge for supplies.I'm not going to recommend this game right now mainly because it's not a very big area to explore."
,Not Recommended,418030,32546128,Posted: 18 June,all,RAMPAGING_SPACEMAN,didnt like how hard the damn game was every time i walked a dam wolf would show up and if not a wolf a bear
76561198341300957,Not Recommended,418030,26495593,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,its_corey,"too many animals that kill you, hunters too difficult, horrible spawn points, nothing in the game to give you a sense of direction, losing all your stuff because of a glitch in the game when you die happens too often, the game is fun for about a few hours and then you get really far, get all kinds of cool weapons and a nice big house and then you die next to a rock and your stuff glitches and you never see it again. DO NOT PLAY THIS GAME, biggest waste of life."
76561197982660703,Not Recommended,418030,26407521,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Everlord,"Game feels very much like RUST but single player and with a more difficult twist.  I enjoy it but what some are calling a difficulty curve I call a lack of planning.  You need meat to survive, okay cool I like that but once you die (oh and you will, many times) you lose your gun and wont be able to farm the equipment to make a new one for a while.  This would be all good but you need weapons to stand absolutely any chance against wolves & bears (you could kill a rabbit with your axe but no way in hell can you catch it) meaning you will be running away 98% of your starting game (first 5-6 hours) with no way to get meat.  This means you starve to death repeatedly and have to run back across to your base again and again and again (hopefully looting the hard to see bags and plants).As far as price its good, and I am aware it is one developer making this (kudos I am impressed), but being early access I truely feel you are playing a pretty empty game that has a far way to go before finished or really even considered beta.  I would be fine with that but there isn't really much for players to do right now.All in all, its got potential and its cheap but everything this game has to offer currently is already present in RUST and done better there as well.  I will keep an eye on the game for future changes which I am sure could really turn this into a gem but for now I won't be putting much more time into it.I only recommend it if you want to play a game that has potential but not quite ready to be played.  It is fun, it just gets old quick (currently)."
76561198042378606,Not Recommended,418030,28693221,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,KLear,Looks like it has been made by a 12 yo with no understanding of gaming common sense. Unreal Blueprints and doubtfully anything else.
,Not Recommended,418030,34746284,Posted: 4 September,all,Flyin_solo,"do not play this game. right now, unless you're into really diffulct games where you die a lot.for one thing it currently offers nothing special. and it's very difficult to get started in the game.if you enjoy survival game i reccommend getting this one and waiting for it to get to beta, or play it now and get killled by bears 27 times. i reccommend buying it now because if it gets t beta or full release and it becomes really cool the price may jack up like it did with ARK. i would buy it now aa an investment in the game's future"
,Not Recommended,418030,32276538,Posted: 8 June,all,Arrakis,"Game is a chore. Crafting is super slow and queues up one item at a time. Say you want to craft 30 wooden planks - it crafts 1 plank one by one. Each plank takes about 20-30 seconds to craft. You do the math there. Normally I'd be fine with this but there is absolutely nothing to do while you're waiting for the items to craft. The map is super small and the wildlife is very limited. Bears, chickens, rabbits and wolves.Another thing to note is that the dev team consists of one man and he has a full time job. Don't expect decent nor consistent updates. This game will most likely never leave early access.If you want a really good survival game check out The Forest or wait for Survive the Nights to release."
76561197993147571,Not Recommended,418030,33870839,Posted: 28 July,all,trekie122,wolves over powered not realy much to do but die over and over again  not fun
76561198048059733,Not Recommended,418030,33931729,Posted: 31 July,all,slog,does not follow what i would call the standard for a good survival game. this might be worth while once it's completed but right now id say spend your money on a game that actually does have it right.
76561198351774770,Not Recommended,418030,33930721,Posted: 31 July,all,fearnofish09,this game reels yuou in thinking its good but...its not...the gathering items in the world are few and very far inbetween so youre only hope is finding bags and crates. you cant hit animals with your axe and you start with one bullet that your better off using on yourself because by the time you find an ammo crate or supply crate youve been eatten by wolves that can hit you from 12ft away and your dead in 2 hits and this is on easy setting the animals need work its such a small map with a sh** ton of bears and wolves makes no sense  ive played many survival crafting games and this game is at the bottom until they fix that crap
,Not Recommended,418030,29432268,Posted: 22 January,all,CadenZa,"This game is not fun at all. You have to gather a huge amount of resources to build a single foundation, you are depended from crates fibre is almost impossible to find, animals are op and besides that it gets really boring fast."
76561197983660557,Not Recommended,418030,28849396,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,[Bx0}Cattle Bandit,"I'm sure this will be a good game one day, or maybe not.  Though I couldn't let myself own it, had to be returned.  A game that goes for $11 on sale and is as predictable as subsistence is, does not belong on my computer.  I have one foot in the door of real world subsistence and can say this is a glossed over day dream of what would really go down.  I do like that this is a single player game, due to having 56k internet living in the middle of nowhere.  I threw in the towel after zig zagging through a field of dogs, picking up fiber to make my house walls, to then have one jump out from inside a tree without warning, take 1/2 of the bullets in my clip to the back and head, and proceed to kill me.  Wasn't a rage quit moment, more a, I'm wasting my time, goodbye.  Good luck developers, I hope you create a better game and community than rust."
76561198125153616,Not Recommended,418030,31762414,Posted: 14 May,all,Viktor Vaughn,game world was literally empty other than a few scattered trees. no content.NO CONTENT
,Not Recommended,418030,28351808,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,mr.viruS|#[           ],ugh buy something else people.this is like bad version of rust. VERY BAD
,Not Recommended,418030,34536924,Posted: 27 August,all,kcarpenter2014,"Compared to other survival games this one was not worth the buy. Its an extreamly difficult game and while I do enjoy a survival challenge I can't survive long enough to enjoy it. It would be by far more enjoyable to find buildings along the way and while yes other npc hunters will develop their own after you build a base scavenging is sparse, its impossible to hunt."
76561198053415937,Not Recommended,418030,26232571,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,swensonb,"I think REpO MaN nailed it, death by wolves and bear. I run around as long as I can grabbing resources Hoping to find by body agian to get them back. There should be some level of progression when crafting items. I played for only two hours, but I died close to 16-20 times. So I am super pumped to play. I think 5$ would be a better starting point to get people envolved. Keep working on it, and ill be play again maybe in a few months."
76561197960562538,Not Recommended,418030,28405972,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Shiz,i had a base and had door roof  and when i come back the floor and all my stuff is gone and i am in solo play why
76561198108366707,Recommended,418030,33256450,Posted: 4 July,all,Goopie,Ok
76561198050860204,Not Recommended,418030,26329667,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,dmac167,"crash city.  Bears and wovles just wonder around doing nothing.   You don't have to explore anything, everything just pops up randomly..  this is way way too early to be early access.  It's broke."
76561198101599241,Not Recommended,418030,26498785,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Dooky Butter,I wouldn't play this game if it was free. Are all the thumbs up fake? Cause this game is horrible. I saw the few thumbs down and ignored them cause there was so many positive reviews and the screen shots and game footage looked good but damn.Did No mans sky set a trend of misleading. At least this pos didnt have the balls to charge you $60.
76561198050762161,Not Recommended,418030,29954423,Posted: 15 February,all,General Pyro Wulf,Bad game with sub par graphics. Aiming system is so broken that you'd hit the wall behind you when you shoot the bear in front of you.
76561198020220685,Not Recommended,418030,33776697,Posted: 24 July,all,^3Swift^9Kick,"Lame, waste of time and money."
76561198002334047,Not Recommended,418030,26562374,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,roymathew,"Ok.  I get it that this game is in early trials, so, I guess that should have tempered my expectations but I was expecting some basic elements to be available:1. No help guides regardinjg the game.   Yes, there's the menu that allows you to set the controls and graphics options but that doesn't give you any indication as to how to actually play the game.  For example - something as simple as eating or drinking.   Sometimes (in a very rare while), right clicking on the item does give you some options but not always, so after finally coming across the ""right"" youtube video, I saw that the gamer had literally, dragged the food item and then you have to find the right number key to eat/drink your food.   A simple, this is how you do stuff would have been helpful and would go a looong way.2. No difficulty setting - The default is what you get2a. No way to set the temperature information (in either Celsius or Farenheit)3.  Unrealistic animal AI - The wolves and bears ignore each other and other animals while ""guarding"" items4. Saving - it's seems that the game arbitarily saves and so your quick saves aren't very reliableSo, what do I like about this game1. The graphics - overall very well done2. Game performance is quite good considering the overall gameplayOverall, I would wait on giving it a recommdation to buy vs. if it was free to play during this period."
76561198125783891,Not Recommended,418030,26333342,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,xBarracudaSlimx,"This Game is still way to early for the price. Not to mch to craft other then a simple house which is not impressive, the gameplay is of poor quality and very choppy.  The game machnics are dumb and easy, its survival for dummies when there is crates and bags under every tree full of supplies to use. Theres nothing else but bears, wolf's, tree's and rock's the enviroment is horrible and shallow. Damage is not practical while getting bit by one wolf will instantly kill you causing you to loose all your simple gear. Very early and trying to be the same as every other survival game out there with out even comimg close."
,Not Recommended,418030,26352342,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Rascaldees,"I do not reccomend this game at all.The map is small. There's no in-game map to know where you are, nor one you can build. Almost everything you need cannot be harvested/crafted in order to make ammo and most of what your base-building needs. I can't seem to find these mystical hunters that exist.Oh yeah... and a chicken survived a headshot from the 9mm they give you. By the way, you only get one shot to start with. Uninstalling. Refunding. I'll spend the cash on something a bit more useful."
76561198023440656,Not Recommended,418030,34074691,Posted: 6 August,all,Funkman,"This is just one more stupid game sponsered by Steam. The point of this game is to run around collecting crates without  being eaten  by thet OP bears and wolves. Wolves are too difficult and bears are simply impossible. Building has almost no options outside the normal walls, roof, and floors. If you like survival games that have NO content this oones for  you. Otherwise I do not recommend it at all. SAVE YOUR MONEY!"
76561197962293076,Not Recommended,418030,31322795,Posted: 23 April,all,Creager,Lasted 17 minutes before smashing the refund key. Graphics are from 5+ years ago. Movement is painful in the game world. There is no map HUD. Crafting is extremely limited. Very janky and old feeling game for being released last year. There are much better survivers out there than this crap. Save your money and move on
76561197960510353,Not Recommended,418030,28368740,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,diegodeltorro,Ohh. No.
,Not Recommended,418030,28345279,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,guigotattoo,Do not waste your money Do not waste your money Do not waste your money Do not waste your money2 steps to the right: wolf (you die)2 steps to the left: bear (you die)Night: (you die)Loot hard to findTiny MapMultiplayer game disabled (bug)Machado is in front of the field of vision making it difficult for the player to see the tons of bears and wolves that kill you with three bites ...Want to buy a real game buy H1Z1 Just Survive (10 trillion trillion trillion trillion better than this horrible and poorly built game)
76561198197791034,Not Recommended,418030,31187514,Posted: 16 April,all,Papa Stalin,boring just boring animals op cant get resources close to no content and this is all on easy mode plz fix if u havent abbandoned this game
76561198353614032,Not Recommended,418030,34723920,Posted: 3 September,all,JPHEllis,"I have to downgrade my settings all the way, and I have two ram drives that have 10 gigabytes each."
,Not Recommended,418030,35219913,Posted: 26 September,all,mouseno4,"In it's current state, the game is not at a point where i can recommend it to anyone. And that isnt because of early access.It is because of design decisions.Easy isnt at all easy. Wolves can kill you. Bears can kill you. And you cant stop them. Keep clear of them? Sorry but you need to CONSTANTLY go looking for wood, crates, food etc etc. So you WILL run into wolves and bears NON-STOP. Even on the easiest difficulty. If the resources you needed at the start of the game were nowhere near the wolves and bears, hey no problem! At least you can survive and progress when you are ready to take them on. But nope.The design choice to randomly place the character somewhere on the map after death with the same gear you started with is just absurd. I died 4 times trying to reach both my corpses AND my camp site. 4 times. In a row. Why? How? First off, you need a rare item from a tiny bush in order to start a fire. You cannot create a fire from simple wood. I died at sunset. So i spent 10-15 minutes trying to survive with nothing in the middle of the night. And without the ability to create a simple fire.The whole idea of ''drop inventory on death'' wouldnt be so bad if you respawned somewhere near your corpse. I have respawned across the entire map after death. And if i choose the easy difficulty, death and respawning SHOULD be part of that. If i die on easy difficulty, i should be respawned near my corpse or have my inventory NOT dropped. The whole point of easy difficulty is that it should be EASY. Wolves and bears should not be a problem unless i do something stupid. The temperature should not be a problem unless i am in the snow. Food and water should not be a problem unless i sit there for an hour doing nothing.And this rubbish with your inventory will disappear after x minutes is absurd. Sorry, but that should be reserved for the higher difficulties.The game is obviously intended to be that way by the developer and therefore i cannot recommend this to anyone who likes survival games like i do."
76561198130273795,Not Recommended,418030,33884842,Posted: 29 July,all,markus piirits,Too Many Animals
,Not Recommended,418030,32190897,Posted: 4 June,all,-shhfiftyfive,"small, empty, fenced ""world"" (play space).imbalanced. pathetic.get your money back before you put in 2 hours.idk if bad reviews disappear if you refund, so i'll leave this up a while before i do so, as a warning to others."
,Not Recommended,418030,33988773,Posted: 3 August,all,RETARDED FAGGOT,"What is Subsistence? It is a game with an interesting idea of survival, no tutorials to help you or anything, explore and get killed a lot simulator.The spawn rate of animals is insane and hitting them will only apply a small scratch in their lifebar. i shoot a ♥♥♥♥ing wolf 7 times, hit it with my axe 4 times AND still he ♥♥♥♥ing killed me. FOR REAL? ARE YOU ♥♥♥♥ING SERIOUS? AND I WAS PLAYING ON EASY!You will find a lot of trees around that can only generate 2-4 pieces of wood...FOR REAL NOW, WHY? LET THE TREE FALL DOWN AND REGENERATE OVER TIME, NOT STAND STILL AND SIMPLY SAY, haHAA ♥♥♥♥ you im out of wood, im a tree..Also, when collecting wood you will haave to look for the wood pieces around, sometimes pieces get stuck into the tree and are impossible to get or see.The next thing that bothered me was the ♥♥♥♥ing idea of random magically appearing crates in the forest.. really? okay, its not original or anything but at least you can get some stuff IF YOURE NOT ABLE TO GET A TUTORIAL TO UNDERSTAND HOW TO DO THAT AND THIS...Moving next is the lack of UI.. Why you have to open the craft menu to see all the information?Also the text size is pure♥♥♥♥♥♥. playing on a high res will cause you to squeez close to the monitor trying to read to press F to collect something..The idea of animals leveling up when they kill you is pure trash if the animal cant be killed by 7 bullets, 4 axe hits and some hard swearing words thrown at him.I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THE GAME AS IT IS NOW, IM GLAD I HAVE A REFUND BUTTON, BUT, There is hope, maybe this game will be sometime good and players will actually play it, if not, hope the devs wont stare at least.."
76561198067062279,Not Recommended,418030,26396738,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Meat Popsicle,"So atfer playing for a couple hours i couldnt really get far in, too many damned bears running aroundso i cant recomend it as i couldnt really play it1/10 dont enjoy being trolled by devs░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀░▄Subsistence▄ ▐▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░"
,Not Recommended,418030,26721808,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,rebootz,"Never written a bad review before..This game has potential but can't show it. Ik it's early access and in development but after killing 1-2 wolves, you're out of ammo, takes YEARS to make more, after that if u accidently run into a wolf/bear ur done. FRUSTRATING, and NOT WORTH almost 20 dollars. Not to mention I can't start to make a base cause im struggling to find anything."
76561198122756465,Not Recommended,418030,32374783,Posted: 12 June,all,dand0912011,the game is not even half completed and the commands are really awfully made so before that i recommand it its beter they change their command system for a better one and that they makes the animals weaker cause its not normal that you need over than 10 gunshots on a dog and that it ends that he touches you once and you died
76561197964162187,Not Recommended,418030,34034442,Posted: 5 August,all,Hyde,"I never leave reviews and sure this game has potential and shows it has some cool stuff but DO NOT buy this game as it is right now.  I can not recommend this as is.Played for about 15 minutes.  Wtf are these animals?  Can't get away.  Can't kill.  Run out of the small amount of ammo you start with.  Don't expect to kill♥♥♥♥♥♥with a hatchet or anything else bc that doesn't work either.  The animals have this super glide jump you can't avoid.  So run around hoping to come across random, who knows how this got here, loot drops.  Try not to♥♥♥♥♥♥off the wild life and die. ♥♥♥♥♥♥off bear.  Jump into big pond and swim down to bottom.  Bear literally continues running through the pond chasing me unhindered and kills me in like one hit.  This was playing on easy.  Then you've got the trees that are all over sure but you smack it with your hatchet and get like 3 total logs out of it?  That's it?  Three things of wood.  No tree disappearance.  No or fall down just an X on the indicator.  Ok I can live with that but 3 wood?  Continue running around looking for loot drops hoping not to♥♥♥♥♥♥off the animals for nails and scrap metal and crap you're going to lose when you die anyways bc there's no defending yourself.  What are you thinking dev?  What are you doing?"
76561198036880967,Not Recommended,418030,26246764,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Zz,"Played for a while. Slow progress in game. Saved and quit. After loading the save got immediately killed. Have to start all over again. Games should be joyful, not a chor. Pending refund."
,Not Recommended,418030,30681942,Posted: 23 March,all,Jonathan Joestar,Decent i suppose. Can't give it a real thumbs down or up yet. Spent most my time either having bears spawning on me or looking for ****ing fiber.
76561198107596987,Not Recommended,418030,26357125,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,BoomyTrevor101,Ea maybe more updates but right now I'm asking for a refund its ok but not that fun to me I do think it can be better in du time but right now I'll just pass.
,Not Recommended,418030,29168804,Posted: 10 January,all,Cody,"Rip my money, no refunderino, thanks steam."
76561198036033324,Not Recommended,418030,26331010,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Fatal7x,"not exactly what the video made it out to be, a poor substitute when your life is fuedal server is down for maitenance"
76561198329317481,Not Recommended,418030,33671359,Posted: 20 July,all,gnarcotic,IT HAS POTENTIAL BUT YOU SHOULD JUST CALL IT WOLFS AND BEARS I WISH I COULD GET MY MONEY BACK TBH
,Not Recommended,418030,30814553,Posted: 29 March,all,Reaper2707,Meh
76561198108552720,Not Recommended,418030,26557132,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Whatever,"""The One Game for Masochists Geeks"""
,Not Recommended,418030,33098964,Posted: 1 July,all,Akilled,One of those games where morons suggest it to everyone and about a year later everyone realizes how bad it is. will be following just to watch it happen. 7/1/17
76561198010617024,Not Recommended,418030,33644891,Posted: 18 July,all,12awku5,"Wow this game is one of the worst Survival games I've played...Game has zero potential, the concept isnt original and brings nothing to the table. Not to mention the unbeliable diffuculty in finding resources to make just a one square home is f-ing stupid. More boring than watching paint dry I definately do not recommend even attempting to give this game a go."
76561198076019570,Not Recommended,418030,30535887,Posted: 15 March,all,RustyIsRetartded,i ran grand theft auto 5 at 230 fps and this at like 40
76561198287630033,Not Recommended,418030,26340629,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,ZachCotton GT YouTube,"Night is too dark even with a glowstick. Can't even see anything. Weapons suck. Bears and wolves do nothing but wander. No map so you don't know where you are. Small map, you are boxed in by fences. Found both ends of the map in 10 mins."
76561198047092264,Not Recommended,418030,34874756,Posted: 10 September,all,ChristianTheBeast,"I swear to god all of the positive reviews on this game are fake!!, this game is absolutely trash and not worth a dollar!its NOT OPEN WORLDits NOT MULTIPLAYERyou can't farm for materials like in normal survival games you have to find bags scattered around the map filled with USLESS loot and find scap metal on the ground100% of this game is finding those loot bags for ammo and thats itOVERALL 1/10"
76561198188405482,Not Recommended,418030,33996921,Posted: 3 August,all,Fläsh,I shot a wolf 21 shots half of them in the head and he is alive (i shot iwht a pistol you get from the start) are those rubber bullets or nvm 21 rubber bullets would still kill and they did not look like rubbers bullets.
76561198032676424,Not Recommended,418030,26267717,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,goldentrowelsi,omg whats with the needing cordage for building walls made out of wood and nails ? 1 out of 10cant build have to walk round looking for cordage even tho i have nails wood everything you would need in real life but no let make him use cordage witch is so sparse but u need loads.. please sort these issues its unplayerblei died 15 time before managed to build floor 1 wall and storage omg so hard to get going will put so many offcould be a great game if cordage fetish is resolved or let fibre grow in clumpscould do with more species not all 2 bites and your dead like with bear and wolves
76561197961404270,Not Recommended,418030,34769589,Posted: 5 September,all,ImmaHoodieNinja,"No matter what i do, EVERY SINGLE TIME I start this game, the damn animals kill me before i can even collect HALF the scrap i need to start building a house... maybe, JUST MAYBE, you should INCREASE the loot, DECREASE the animals, or GIVE US A BETTER WAY TO DEFEND OURSELVES AT GAME START!-1/10 deleted AGAIN and probably won't install til you get multiplayer going."
76561198092171474,Not Recommended,418030,26226480,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,PhanTasM,"""Death by Bear simulator"",.. Aka ""Chicken Chasing 101"" Aka ""wolves! and bears! and fenced in map? Oh My!""Game feels empty, i know it's EA and made by one dude, but the forest is made by two guys and was and is way more than two times as good and fleshed out, even upon EA release.i know there is crafting and whatnot, but the UI feels like it's right out of H1Z1 without discovery, which is the fun part of Just Survive..i know i'm making comparisons here but it's mostly on the EA content,..This feels more like an aged tech demo than a game, pass or pay to help create.way too early for me to keep this at 15$ though. this is a $3 game right now sory Dev.Refunded,.. back to Rust i guess,.. i so wanted this to take me away from it lol"
,Not Recommended,418030,32595171,Posted: 20 June,all,"""invade russia"" they said","Wonky character, gun damage is kind of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ at the start. Hard to do much without turning the difficulty to the easiest so I don't get obliterated by wild animals at the start, which my starter pistol didn't do any damage to."
,Not Recommended,418030,33392812,Posted: 8 July,all,Coldfire,"just go play 7 days to die or ark survival evolved. this game isnt ready for even an early access.youve died, your stuff will be gone in 5 mins. and you will never ever be able to find it becuase theres no indication of it. stupid as it getsno markers,no map,no indicators period.useless gun to start with.no auto pickup or key to collect loot,no audio settings options.no sneak indicatorno Farenhieghtterrible sound designextreme over done in your face hard to see sun rayshorrible 3rd person which doesnt allow you to interact, so its just to look atno indication of what items are which, you will spend 30 mins looking for fiber and herbs because nothing is explained and the pictures for items are so off its cringe X 1000"
,Not Recommended,418030,26333902,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Fred,It was released to early. Waste of time. I'll come back in about 2 years time. Hopefully it's better.
76561198348001796,Not Recommended,418030,31693669,Posted: 11 May,all,Stimpy,Dont waste your time on this POS game.
76561198052837452,Not Recommended,418030,28397062,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Idox,"!!!!!!!!!!!!!DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!!!!!!!!Okay this game is absolute crap, the survival aspect is running from animals that are faster and stronger then you and never lose aggro, i spent half an hour doing nothing but walking around the♥♥♥♥♥♥world that has limited play area collecting backpacks with random♥♥♥♥♥♥in them, after half an hour i couoldent even craft a pickaxe and after dieing from a bear who chased me for 2 minutes i refunded the game because how♥♥♥♥♥♥it was, you cant so mnuch as build without scrounging the land for backpacks that decide if you will live or dieif the dev ever reads this, stop using your time on graphics and end game crap and make your game better from the base-dont make players rely on RNGthis is a survival game why am i relying completly on caches-nerf animals, idgaf if they get stronger over time but if aggroing a bear means it will eventually kill you this game is dumb-procedural map-fix crafting, it shouldnt take me 30 get almost make a single pickaxe"
,Not Recommended,418030,26321075,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,♛ ★ ヅ MrHippie™ ヅ ★ ♛,This game sucks♥♥♥♥♥♥...
76561197988692161,Not Recommended,418030,35227822,Posted: 26 September,all,EliteOneShot,Sucks the animals are waaaay to hard and well everything is just out to kill you even the water that looks clean in the clean forest but poisons you lol... Played for a few min seen the weird fence borders weird boxes to pickup stupid animal AI i mean save your money and get ARK this game is not going anywhere promise.
76561198003496562,Not Recommended,418030,28385980,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,SharpBullet,I just got it refunded!
,Not Recommended,418030,30800835,Posted: 28 March,all,TheyCallMeMoNk,NO.
76561198094995831,Not Recommended,418030,32217552,Posted: 6 June,all,Lord Cheesecake,Don't bother.
76561198287528224,Not Recommended,418030,32147110,Posted: 3 June,all,ImBad,teerrible game i think i would be a little bit better with multiplayr but from my experience i couldmt play for more than 5 minutes
76561198006524453,Not Recommended,418030,26469809,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Hassie54,"I don't even know what this game is. I saw reviews talking about how the wildlife is overly strong and crazy. Yeah it is f*ck'n insane how the wildlife just runs up and tears your throat out in 2 seconds. But not to worry you are thinking, you start with a 9mm pistol, with 1 bullet in it. I assume the one bullet is to shoot yourself in the head the devs were thinking. God only knows what the players would do to themselves being forced to start new game after new game, being killed be wolves and bears beyond end. They knew that no sane person would wish that punishment on even their worst enemy.Hell do you know what is even worse than the 1 bullet in the gun thing? YOU HAVE MORE ♥♥♥♥ING BULLETS IN YOUR BACKPACK! Why did you put 1 bullet in the game, and then like 8 more in my backpack? Why not just have the gun fully loaded, or empty, why the 1 bullet if you aren't secretly telling players you want us all to go kill ourselves? I mean jesus christ man, After rummaging around this hellscape of a forest, I NEVER had enough supplies, which are for some reason left around the forest in little boxes and bags, to make the holy ""Base Command Unit"" which I assume lets you spawn on your base if you die. I have no idea though, as I never even got close to getting enough supplies to craft it.Let's talk about these supplies, and the bags and boxes they are in. This game could literally be played on Mars with stupid random bags and boxes thrown all over, for absolutely no reason, and would be as engaging. I mean why are there bags and boxes of supplies randomly thrown about with the exact supplies you need to survive? Not like DayZ where you loot 10 buildings, finding 90 items, 12 of which were useful to you, while having that thrill of finding a winchester or running across the military tents and scoring a sweet military weapon. No, instead this game gives you random bags with  ♥♥♥♥♥♥ stuff in them, that you can use, to craft ever so slightly less ♥♥♥♥♥♥ stuff. No thrill, no excitement, and definitely no where near the fun that a game like DayZ gave when it was first unleashed on the masses.I don't want this game to be a copy of that, not by any stretch, but this game really needs to decide what the hell IT IS trying to be. Is it a survival game? If so, why is the player so damn limited on what they can create and the tools they start with? Why am I getting random bags of♥♥♥♥♥♥ so that I can craft weapons and bullets? The game isn't multiplayer, and if that is just because it is in early acces, than I missed it, but as a single player game, this missed the mark by half. A game like this, with the proper mechanics, an actual ENGAGING PvE, and some damn PvP could pull this game out of early access hell. As is though, please save your money and your time, stay away from this game until the Devs find what they want this game to be, buy it on a hefty sale, like $4, and you will probably still be overpaying, but at least only by a few dollars at that point. This game goes straight to the refund pile for me."
76561198068431321,Not Recommended,418030,29224375,Posted: 13 January,all,mijxero,"Chopped down a tree, got lumber, tree didn't fall.  Gathered materials from random loot bags everywhere.  Walked until I realized there is a literal fence surrounding the map.  Uninstalled."
76561198145370397,Not Recommended,418030,31273664,Posted: 21 April,all,Killer8529,this game is basicly a carborn copy of RUST ligit i have played rust and have found this game almost copyrightable with how  it is made.. if you want to play with people get rust if you want to play alone get thisthe only thing he has changed is the AI there is AI in rust but its♥♥♥♥♥♥and not part of the main gamenow if this guy went to rust and said hear i have a nice ai program for rust it will mmake that game(minius the terrible grafix and the models) EGSACTLY THE SAME
76561198095669001,Not Recommended,418030,33925055,Posted: 31 July,all,XSmiddyX,Taking way to long for simple Co-Op FeatureWill change when implemented.
76561198088577547,Not Recommended,418030,29794780,Posted: 8 February,all,RaKeeTeR,Poor game af
,Not Recommended,418030,35087349,Posted: 20 September,all,Ex Nihiloish,This game really isn't my cup of tea. Mainly because I don't like huge pieces of♥♥♥♥♥♥in my tea.
,Not Recommended,418030,34998677,Posted: 16 September,all,[HZ-HERO] Sgt. Ford F-150,Game crashes soon as I select solo game.  Pointless game.
,Not Recommended,418030,31594945,Posted: 6 May,all,Nemesis,You need a ♥♥♥♥ing god tier computer to play this and i have a power gaming lp
,Not Recommended,418030,26428883,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Viperenz,"Not ready for release, even as an alpha/beta. This is my opinion, I didnt ask for yours."
76561198068189723,Not Recommended,418030,28654439,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,•~ Sir Vhonzo ~•,Knock off Rust
76561198133614494,Not Recommended,418030,32786363,Posted: 25 June,all,Vladimir Frutin,This game is trash thats all i got to say
,Not Recommended,418030,28654306,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,lennyteske,"I love survival games but this one is awful. It has no instructions at all and within the fist 3 minutes of playing it, I was dead...3 times. Just not user friendly at all... There are a ton of way better survival games out there. Uninstalling after playinjg for 30 minutes."
76561198116171633,Not Recommended,418030,33442621,Posted: 10 July,all,Ducki Kin,this game is trash
,Not Recommended,418030,29804739,Posted: 9 February,all,Hardee's,Trash
76561198390748886,Not Recommended,418030,32652651,Posted: 22 June,all,superduperkylo,Game sucks balls. i know its an alpha but♥♥♥♥♥♥is unplayable
,Not Recommended,418030,31873658,Posted: 20 May,all,Eminem,I played this for 5 minutes so i could review it badly :)
76561198120446758,Not Recommended,418030,32643689,Posted: 22 June,all,Koevoet1997,absolute♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,418030,26337144,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Bandit Hunter,I dont recommend.the games retar ded.I shot a chicken with a 1911 pistol.and it ran away with 50 percent life.the games stupid.and clearly the devs are also.
,Not Recommended,418030,26392301,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,jordananchorman,lags and im playing on a alien ware 17 it should not lag at all
76561198007264241,Recommended,418030,26395942,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,NightOwl,"I like this game very much, but the animals are a bit over the top. They shouldn't really attack unless provoked. Hopefully they fix this annoying issue. :-)"
,Recommended,418030,26401070,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Rotten Flesh,First of all with my warm greets this game might be a new taste of survival because of the single player this game is lettin' us to deal with wild life and lookin' like hardcore because of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ bears and wolves however still funny and if we support the devs I hope they will improve the game. At these times game is flat but if they add more animals better UI better DROPS then it will be awesome and my english ends here farewell gamers have fun ! (WE DONT NEED THE BAD SIDES OF GAME BECAUSE ITS JUST ALPHA THEY WILL IMPROVE BY THE WAT IN 2 DAYS THEY MADE SUDDEN FIXES FOR BUGS GUESS WHO SENT BUGS OF COURSE THE COMMUNITY !)Beyler malum oyun daha yeni olduğu için içerinde çok uzun zaman alacak şeyler yok lakin şu haliyle bile en az 10 saat eğlenebileceğiniz bir oyun çünkü 2 saat falan oynadım ama bi sikim yapamadım. oyun o kadar da kötü değil yani oynayabilirsiniz parası da idael bence kendi kişisel görüşüm her verdiğim kuruşu hak ediyor sizde alın ve mp geldiğinde arkadaşınızla beraber çok güzel bir gameplay çıkabilir....
76561198103208303,Recommended,418030,26404959,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Thrasos,I really love this game but please can you fix de AI hunter please hes just fraaking op it take me 4 shot of SVT + 4 shoot of pistol this is ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥+ he kill me at the end
,Recommended,418030,26364826,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,ImMrMeeseeks,"Although in early access stage, this game has great potential. Really addictive game, even though the longest I have survived is about 45 minutes, due to getting attacked by bears/wolves."
76561198033417187,Recommended,418030,26364835,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,vanmeer59,"Overall, it's a game that is gonna have it's fans and some not. I played  for 5 hours. Spent most of my time dying. Forget about finding your corpse. Just write the stuff off. Except for the direction of the sun, no system for mapping, location, or orienting youself. Since there is no streams not only do you not have a  ready watersource, you also have no real way to j help orient .here my list of things that need done soon:Aiming cursor is almost invisible. hard to tell if you are doing ANY damage at distance.No craftable compass.The save system...don't get me started.The animals don't know about fire or walls. I had a decent spot and a bear walks right over my campfire. Stands in it and kills me. I die and then rez in Bum%$*^ with no fricken idea where my camp is.Some really useful craftable items? how about knife, spear, compass. sharpened stakes for a defense. Not to mention all the lovely empty bottles you just toss after drinking them.That being said, I am not that bothered by the price of the game. I am impressed that one gentleman is building this game. I will recommend this gane for now and see what it is like in six monthsVM"
,Recommended,418030,26378745,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,LOGICAL15,"I do not regret buying this! When I first saw the game on my Steam Store page I thought it would be some bullcrap game but after I bought the game everything changed. The game is not bad, It's very fun to play and I love how the game is built up, It's not like the other survival games where you need to fight zombies and monsters it's more of a Hunter survival where you need to hunt for food and kill other humans.Remember that the game is in Early Access so it isn't finished or perfect."
,Recommended,418030,26457605,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Knick1173,Subsistence is a amazing game it is in fact not like other games reguardless of what people say. It has it's own way of going about things. The fact that there is AI that builds and hunts after you get going is amazing. Most people say BS about this game but those are the people who dont understand the concept of EARLY ACCESS this game is still in develpoment and already is very good yes of course there is things that need to be fixed and this game needs the support of people to grow better then it already is. The dev is very active and listen to the community about things that need to be fixed and what they want to see. Everyone should give this game a chance it has shown more improvment then most Early Access games out there. And believe me i know ive bought a lot of early access games and found alot of♥♥♥♥♥♥ones. But this one is worth every dime and is a lot of fun. I wont lie yes its a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to get started and what not but once you do it's lots of fun. So give the game a try you will not be dissapointed if you are give it time the game is in fact Early Access and needs work but as it is now its alot better then most and is playable unlike this other BS thats out there. Do not buy the game if you are just gonna whine about all the♥♥♥♥♥♥thats broken its early access its a time to support the dev and give them feedback to fix the problem instead of saying screw this game it sucks and asking for a refund and ruining it for people who will actually love this game like i do and many of my friends who played it have . Amazing Game 10/10 will be around for the long run keep up the good work.
76561198020015111,Recommended,418030,26421714,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,2017ChargerR/T {IEI},"Not to bad for the most part. Feels like a combo of ""7 days to die and Day Z"". Then you see a fence on the outter perimeter and can't help but feel you're in Auschwitz, except mother nature is the one out to get you"
76561198264724072,Recommended,418030,27538791,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Tonlah,really am enjoying this game allot. would like to see hunters as a option.
,Recommended,418030,27972918,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Dark Maiden,"Harder then you would expect for a 'in development' game, but very well balanced, for that hardness. Can only get better as time goes on."
,Recommended,418030,27830676,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Bisch,Best survival game at this point already
76561198097629719,Recommended,418030,27779628,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,InstaKarma 4,"Good game,get mauled by a wolf on day 1. (11/10)"
76561198026495381,Recommended,418030,27808202,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Sir Lancelot,I Like it. plz add Sound control
76561198038599214,Recommended,418030,28171091,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,(585)Pistolwhip,"This game is spot on. A lot ""like it"" but the fact that this is being made by such a small team is impressive.  The developer(s) actually care and updates are pumped out frequently.  Cannot wait for multiplayer to come out. Keep up the great work!!"
76561198086210955,Recommended,418030,28243957,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,BrownBear,"When i first bought this game it looked promising, and as i thought, it was.Starting off I don't play survival games that much, i'm much more into the fast-paced, fps, strategy like games. So this is new ground for me but I like the game very much.Though I sometimes do notice some odd stuff, as an example when i run towards my house, having my nice wood burner on, i can see the through the wooden walls on the ground close to it, but as i run closer it disappears.I tried this at a couple trees, but some you seem to be able to half-way glitch into making you able to look through the tree.But besides that and some other minor things that will likely be fixed in the future of this game, it's really an enjoyment to me, i've played a small amount of hours already and it doesnt get tiring, as i read in one of the earlier comments, it's a fun grinding game, every day is different on the game, and the progress you put up depends mostly on finding the good crates at the moment, which I personally think should be another(maybe a bit more difficult way) way to still find some progress although it's slow.As of now i'm hiding in my house watching my plants grow and my empty animal shelter staying empty, have killed 2 hunters untill now, died several times but magically came back like wow i'm f*cking jesus!There isn't really another way to obtain clothing then by killing wolves, maybe some bunnies or a bear or two. or if ur lucky in a crate. Unfortunetly i don't have that much luck and i spend quite some time on my game getting myself a nice pair of boots and a nice sweater, Though now it's worth it.As last I would like to say I fully support this game, given i've read there is a single dev on this, I would like to tell him that he's doing a great great job, and he has to keep it up! I think that much more people think this way. Also I think it is safe for me to say that we all have your back on this :)"
,Recommended,418030,28228402,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Bobby Swagg,My only compalint is there is entirly to many Bears and Wolves spawned around the crates. Tone down the wild life a touch and that part will be golden. Also take out the need for rope when building walls and such.
76561198251526862,Recommended,418030,28132387,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,sorestsage09853,Really Good it has potential for a great multiplayer game i recommend it but heres some things you should know before you get it its a early access game and as all games it has game crashes bugs lag but not for everybody ive only had one game crash in the game so its pretty good for a early access game.
76561198287444378,Recommended,418030,28349728,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Sliim,"Amazing! A little rough first starting, but when once you get things rolling it's a lot of fun! The bears and wolves are relentless, and deadly! take alot of shots to kill them but makes it more fun! Definitely take your time when starting out avoid any altercations until you get guns and ammo. Thanks"
,Recommended,418030,28193351,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,3dmedium,"At 18hours I can say this game is challenging, the first few hours of the sucked, Dieing collection again and dieing. but once you have that base command unit installed, you have a location where you can travel to. I think the game is pretty well balanced. It gets you to travel around your world to collect stuff. The biggest hint I can give you is bring food to heal you stamina or leave your weapons at home if your not hunting. Cause when you die you have 100 seconds to get your barings and find your crap before it disapears on you.it would be nice to have some type of indication of where you died. but I understand the whole surval part too. and this make the game very challenging. Especial if the game respawns you on the other side of the map.FYI Dont install the Refiner unless you want more of a challenge in your game. How ever this unit is what you need to  make the rifle and all the upgrades to your items. but it adds hunters who dont miss and wildlife doesn't attack them either so you will have wolf, bears, and someone with a gun shooting at you. They are easy to spot so you can stay away from their camps.  but it does suck if you are coming back with a great run of finding stuff in the world.it would be nice to have a creative menu - console (=) is locked down so comands doesn't work. Since you die alot it would be nice to have the ability to spawn in a basic weapons if you unlocked them. I think it would be cool if you could make a bow and arrow or a compound bow.It would be nice if the wolf didn't run away if you shoot them from your base. It would be also great if there was a way to make traps for the Chickens and rabbits vs running around the map like a fool and ending up in the bears din when you catch the dam rodent.But all said in done this is a great game, very challenging. and for 1 Dev this game plays and looks amazing. Keep up the good work."
76561198138000949,Recommended,418030,28218543,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Mashiro,"Awesome game for early access, lot of potentials for future updates."
,Recommended,418030,28212959,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,CANADIANEH,"This is a survival game with animals that will track you down and kill, if you dont watch for thier warning signs. Is this game hard, at times you feel frustrated enough to throw your pc out the window and shoot your mouse and other times its like cutting butter. This is by far the most hours i have ever put into a game without completing or even accomplishing all that much, really lolWill update again later down the road!Dec/5/12/2016"
,Recommended,418030,28119128,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,zroc,So far so good.  I think ya need to add motion blur for graphic options. Camera is took fast on the fly and causes issues and people will end of having seizures.  Should be able to craft a spear after acquiring some wood and perhaps stone to help in basic survival.  Still checking it out though.. Like it so far!
76561198017617795,Recommended,418030,27344751,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,BIGMessiah,Is a fun game for early access & will be even more fun when multiplayer is added. Has a heap of potential
76561198016729293,Recommended,418030,27282684,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Everfrost,PRO:This one is a very polished EAConstant updatesGameplay mechanics are spot onWell optimizedPlays and feels wellCON:Kinda small mapNeed a compass or a map and a map marker systemNeed some kind of late game goals
76561198003380804,Recommended,418030,27734590,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Skipper909,"this is a great game, loving it. early access at its best. just get it."
76561198206132976,Recommended,418030,27772803,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,demonspick,"This game is well worth keeping your eye on, it's a great deal of fun to play"
76561198120459171,Recommended,418030,27895029,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Bring Back Rust Legacy,"Great game, I run it on my cheap, poor performing laptop on medium settings and it runs fine. It is unique in it's own way which makes it stand out from the others, like rust, 7D2D, Dayz. And the fact of how well made the game is so far in early alpha with only a sole developer as a hobby. Great,great potential! Keep up the good work man!"
76561198267026033,Recommended,418030,28549609,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,dagaaknome,"Well... Yes, ""Subsistence"" Kicks ars.Expect to die... expect to die much.""Please do not feed the animals..""Simply Smile, Laugh,and try to find your♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198324322211,Recommended,418030,26418801,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,FreeFlyingFred,"Awesome game. It is challenging, I have died many times. The game play, crafting, foraging, and graphics are really nicely put together. While playing the game you need to remember to breathe, I find myself holding my breathe while sneaking up on crates. Just breathe......I want to thank GameEdged, PartialyRoyal, and Kage848 for the great Youtube videos.Couple of suggestions\Ideas for future updates.1. Would like to see us start with a bow an arrow to start, rather than a gun. I think the bow and arrow would work great for the chickens and rabbits. Bows could be crafted with sticks and cordage, and arrows with sticks and feathers.2, A river or stream with fish would be good to. You could get water from the stream, craft a fishing rod to catch fish. I am sure the wildlife, bears and wolves would also like to show up at the river for a drink, and to kill me.2 Thumbs up on a great game. Thanks."
76561198071882400,Recommended,418030,26601402,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,rsist34,"Game is awesome. It has a very steep learning curve but once you get the hang of it is fun You always seem to be walking the fine line between survical and starvation.The very first thing you want ot do is build a wood foundation, a wall and then the BCD"
,Recommended,418030,26639263,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,kalilove707,"I LOVE THIS GAME , its very fun and keeps my interest even while I'm not playing i have to think of the next thing i will do , yes some things need tweaking but that is to be expected in such an early game , i look forward to watching this game grow."
,Recommended,418030,26637914,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Tapxforbeer,"game is good so far jus needs more updates like upgrade base, almost like rust but this way is better so far"
76561198067169109,Recommended,418030,26934656,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Zublime,Great game with a lot of potential. Probably won't be playing it again until the amount of wolves/bears is fixed and multiplayer is added in.
,Recommended,418030,26769389,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Darton3700,"This game is amazing I love the detail that was done to it. It is a really cool game to be around and play becuase i just can't get enough of it. I love what the maker did to the game for being just him, he did a really amazing job on it and it is a really cool game."
76561198066517371,Recommended,418030,26878673,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,HTxGamer07,Couple of things to be fixed and added but i can see this game going big soon
,Recommended,418030,26959312,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jakal,Really good survival game :D a must have for any real survivalist :D
76561198259415715,Recommended,418030,27065223,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,WOLF_DJANGO,"This game is really awesome if you like a challenge and this style of survival games this is the one to get. The Dev is constantly adding new updates making changes and bug fixes he is a one man team ,but he is very involved with this game and on the community discussion pages. The game is challenging when you first start playing but as soon as you learn the mechanics of the game it gets easier and more exciting. Even the grinding part of collecting resources are a lot of fun so if you want to be part of this project to help develop the game and give your input and feedback I will recommend buying this game.  I have never done a review for any game this is my first review I don't normally do review , but felt that this game deserve it. Even as this game is now in this early stage of development it is well worth the money."
,Recommended,418030,27059736,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,OGPelayo,Although it's in early access this game is pretty good imagine the character health system of Day Z combined with Mad Max
76561198109258129,Recommended,418030,28696259,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,NBK2012,"well im going to say this game is fairly enjoyable and if develpoment contiues it should be a great game. i found it rather boring so far because of lack of depth and/or features and i just roamed around looking for parts to build my base which was a little underwelming as of right now being in alpha or beta state i cant remember. the game runs really smooth with no glitches that i found. i do however feel that the animals are biased towards the player and basically dont attack the ai. i was sitting watching the ai waiting to ambush him for his resorces and a bear walked right uo to him and did nothing, when i went to attack the hunter once the bear moved away i was attacked by both hunter and bear at the same time which was a losing battle. i do feel we should be able to get more supplies from killing hunters or theres really no point in engaging them, just walk around collecting supplies and byuild a base dont bother attacking anyone seing how its kind of a waste of bullets for what you get in return. if this game gets a lot more features i will play it a lot more but for now its going to sit and collect dust. i will say that if you like to spend hours on end collecting items over the same terrain over and over and building bases then this game is for you"
76561198059839463,Recommended,418030,28667591,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,john.reynolds123,great game it hard core !
,Recommended,418030,28660285,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,addiecora,I thought the Hinterlands in Dragon Age: Inquistion made me hate bears. This though... Is like a whole new level of bear hatred.
76561197968537610,Recommended,418030,28640609,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,MikeGuindon,"This game is very challenging, Keeps you on your toes, reminds you that you can't just go stumbling around like an assclown, hahaha...Anyone that has played Survival games in the past, will view this as refreshing and ""ZombieLESS"" which in itself is refreshing and simplified.  NOT A SIMPLE GAME by any means!  And this is only EARLY Access, can't wait to see what CoolGames has instore for us in the future."
,Recommended,418030,28535115,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,CDN-Hunt3r,"I,m really disapointed ,partially in myself because I loved this game to start with but after 11hrs im still nowhere .its like climbing a slipery slope just before the top You SLIDE all the way back Down F&%^ Ive read Tutorials,Watched Video's Thats what made me Buy it But something wrong with the set up {beginning}. I would just wait ,I know its just 1 guy and hes awsome at this,Great game .I am just going to  wait a lil while So I dont ruin this game for myself.I think when done I will be a joy to  spend the HOURS playing. I Recomend this Game. I would just wait untill there,s more progress."
,Recommended,418030,33507205,Posted: 13 July,all,Snakebite,"Well Thought out design this game has potential. The game is in the early stages of development, not a lot of content but glad to be on board to experience it's growth and development.I am enjoying the game play, the whole building aspect of the game is beautiful, things snap together and you have the freedom of foundation placement where in other games you do not and the textures are realistic which makes you feel good about all the work of gathering items to construct all worth the effort.I think the developer did a fantastic job with the Bow, after playing around with the Bow and getting the feel for it I am really enjoying hunting with the Bow vers. the Guns.I am sure we will see different weapons and tools. Hope to see a larger veriety of trees and animals. Maybe even some cave structures.I Highly recommend this sand box survival game to all that enjoy survival games and building and crafting, very reasonable price also."
76561198022563931,Recommended,418030,33547245,Posted: 14 July,all,Shaden,game is fun would like to see the multi player aspect of the game opend tho kinda gets old after awile solo
76561198163690433,Not Recommended,418030,28273092,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Zeio95,"(english is not my 1st language) It's just a starting point, the game should be 10 times better to be at least good. Updates should be more and more effective. If you want to waste your time searching for new games that are in development then you're fine.If I could go back and take back my money I would. For 14€ the game should be MUCH better. Disappointed.Edit: Months have passed and the situation doesn't changes. This game is unenjoyable, after guides and multiple chances i'm still at the beginning point. This game is crap. At this point i'm pretty sure that it will never be terminated, don't waste your money"
,Recommended,418030,29995717,Posted: 17 February,all,Gabe Crowell,"Personaly, I dislike this game for multiple reasons but it is a good game overall+Great concept+Chalanging+Great bulding system+-Easy scavaging system.(take it as you will)-the Game looks Beautiful but it is very terrible optimized and has very inconsistant gameplay.(Suposidly they have fixwed the optimization problem but i refunded the game so i cant check)-Lack of MP at the moment"
76561198150533959,Not Recommended,418030,28321952,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Beercules,"After fixing alot of the glitches players have absued to make they're large bases, the rest of us are left to grind to get to enjoy the experience, while the game looks great, has alot of depth, its just another stupid a** grind, thanks to the way power and mass are generated. Since its single player and very limited game play, its not worth investing your time or money."
76561198132780231,Recommended,418030,30226731,Posted: 27 February,all,LM,"Really well made game, dev listens too."
76561198306492050,Not Recommended,418030,29172798,Posted: 10 January,all,sham 39,"I  call this game ""The dying Game""  its not a servival game, becouse its imposibal to servive this gameSo what good about this gameThe graphics are very good and the game runs well.So what's in this game?Grass,Trees,Rocks............Yes thats it, no rivers or streems, no building or POI The most uninteresting small map i have ever played.They is however loads of overpowerd wolves and bears that will kill you over & over & over again and you will lose all the stuff you have spent grinding and grinding and grinding for the last hour or so, then you have to grind and grind to get back what you just lost and the grind is BORING!So whats the Game play like? It Felt very very stressfull and absolutely infuriating the most infuriating game i have ever play in 25 years of gaming. Many gamers have rage quit this game.I Felt terrible after playing this game.SO THAT MAKES IT A BAD GAME!So what did i get for 22 hour of grinding and frustration..........A wooden shack with some items inside.........YES THAT IS IT! the crafting is so limited.Yes this game is EA but there is only 1 person developing this game,How long do you think it will take him to finish this game?.........years maybe never. But with that said,Coldgame do's have regular updatesI am so glad to give this game a thumbs down after the way it made me feel."
76561198045465804,Recommended,418030,31540158,Posted: 4 May,all,Pablo Of Azkaban,very good game had some problems but coldgames got back to me and helped me fix the issues.would recommend this to anyone who like survival games.
76561198104040378,Recommended,418030,31086207,Posted: 11 April,all,Pneumo,"Personally, i'm refunding this game. But that doesnt mean i wont be keeping an eye on it later in the future, it just means i allocated an amount of money this month to purchase a game, and within an hour i decided it wasnt for me as the game currently stands. Quick read review scores at the bottom.The balancing of the game is the main reason i'm refunding the game.Randomly wrtten thoughts:-I am a survival game player, and i like my survival games to feel a little more realistic than this one, given that its a survival game loosly based around out current time period...ish. I do appreciate space survivals, and non realistic survival games, but my issue is not with what the game is supoosed to be, the balancing is the main issue.Examples-* Bears EVERYWHERE. Bear dodging simulator 10/10* Wolves Can take 5 or 6 shots to take down from a 9mm pistol (my aim maybe off but it feels more like they have too much health, and arent scared of the noise/injuries.(i can understand this though considering NO games really have this mechanic).*The only animals that are non prey animals that ive seen are Chickens and Rabbits, which are harder to find than Bears and wolves(??) and are so hard to kill, wont be providing you with a meal anytime soon, so dont try that idea.ha.*Right from the start, the game has you relying on finding crates that are literally scrambled all over the place to start surviving- yet no man made buildings or roads etc- who put them there? - the only man made structures are those created by yourself or npc hunters, so boxes just spawn all over the place- in a completely untouched wilderness.*Trees dont fall when you chop them- and only give 3-4 pieces of log, which then you craft into sticks or planks that, out of one log- which is about a foot long when looking at it on the floor- takes two logs to make one plank,or 4or 5 sticks.*You cannot chop bushes or vegitation, so no sticks from that either.*Fibres which are needed for alot of further recipes, are, as easy as they are to see, so widely spread apart, and dont return a fair return when using them to craft.*Nightime means you have to stay pitched next to a fire all night due to cold, because fibres are harder to find/less likely to find than the boxes.*No crafting table until you craft a base marker that is like a computer with other recipes, that requires fuel that requires all of the other tech bits to run.*lacking tutorial of any kind, its kinda just - load the game, Go.There are many other poorly balanced things and i've found them all within an hour.The game has masses of potential, its Very well optimised, Very good looking, needs levelling system and better UI, and no doubt will turn into something amazing.I will be returning to buying this game in the future - depending on which way the Developers decide theyre going with it, but as of its current state, it doesnt seem to feel like it knows which way its going.You can reload the last Auto save if you die, but you've got to hope you werent close to starving at your last save.8/10 General impression4/10 Balancing10/10 Bear avoiding simulator9/10 Box finding simulator10/10 Optimisation10/10 will be too cold at night to wander around in the dark becuase only trousers, becuase no fibres/havent found clothes in boxes....10/10 will run out of needed electricity to power base computer to craft a crafting bench before struggling to find enough resources... in easy mode.Thumbs up for effort though. I'll be coming back...maybe."
76561198292076670,Recommended,418030,30732416,Posted: 25 March,all,Mc House,the game wouldnt start but later had an update to fix it it is pretty fun tbh and i love the work cold games puts into it i recommend to buy!!
76561198019079198,Recommended,418030,28248279,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,WesternDevil,"It's a beautiful looking game! Crafting system is great too. However, I can't recommend the game in it's current state. At all times, and I mean ALL times, you're no more than 50 feet from an animal that wants, and easily can, eat your face. There are so many animals that all you hear is growling and roaring because you're too close to them. 2 growls and then they charge. Thay never stop chasing you either. That means that if you don't have any bullets, as soon as an animal starts chasing you, you're dead. 13 hours in and I've yet to make it past day 4 because animals, which i don't have the firepower to kill, will not let me into my base to build it. As for the rest of the game: hunters, farming, raising animals, constant crafting grind just to keep yourself from starving to death every 6 hours. I couldn't tell ya. This version of the game isn't the same version I watched on youtube. There's about 3 times more animals.I will update my review as the updates come in. I really want to like this game.Edit:So today they released difficulty levels to the game. Easy and Hardcore. On easy the number of animals has been reduced to a manageable level. In an earlier update the dev put in an option to remove hunters from the world. With these changes, I highly recommend the game. Difficulty for the masochists out there looking for a roguelike survival game, and Easy for those looking for a base building game. This is the survival game I've been looking for."
,Recommended,418030,31177796,Posted: 16 April,all,The Pissman,very good game. has potential for more in the future.
76561198117834196,Recommended,418030,26876425,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,skrapi003,it is a good survival game and it seems that i suck with survivals.... ^^ but for survival lover defenetly worth a shot!Pro:- interresting system (farming building etc.)- also playable on low memory PC- Gets updated very often and very wellContra:-you can find alot stuff only in chests and not craft them (but they are working on these things..)what is the game about?its farming trying not to die and base buildingbut most of the time FARMING!
76561198068066069,Recommended,418030,27758012,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Krazyrunnr,"Build a base? Crash. Loot a box? Crash. Hit a tree? Crash. I understand this is early access, but this is unplayable with crashes becoming more and more frequent. It's gotten to the point that it will crash, I'll restart, turn my head, and it will crash again. This game is really enjoyable from what I've played so far, but playing seems like a distant memory at this point.EditUpdate fixed crashes and now I can enjoy the game as it is meant to be played. Super fun survival game that has nice unique elements that provide an in depth experience and a fun twist to survival games. Excited to see what this game has in store for the future."
,Recommended,418030,28995790,Posted: 3 January,all,chicagobeast331,Am pleased with the new games modes that allow you to keep your toolbelt upon death.
76561198122670179,Recommended,418030,28240382,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,uncle-harain,After 112 hours of play and new updates the game is realy coming along very nice so sorry for my 12 hour review buy this game well worth a go
,Not Recommended,418030,28240540,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,21st-Tiki,"This game is not a hardcore game,just  a stupid useles wasted time, dont buy this game you will be sorry"
,Not Recommended,418030,28196455,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,[eLe]k0hrbie,"You run around aimlessly looking for boxes/crates etc to hope it drops nails but they rarely do.EDIT:Right now, the game is not terribly fun as you are running around looking for building supplies in crates. However, it does appear the developers care, and are looking at addressing the issues. Because of that I have changed it from not recommended, to recommended.EDIT2:Until they fix hit registration and a full crafting system, I just cant recommend it. Its not enjoyable. Perhaps that will change."
76561197967107397,Recommended,418030,26260914,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Terryble,When you get passed getting killed . you will find this is a very good game .Yes there a little bug here and there but what game not got themFor players Who love push your luck and like trying to see how long they will live then this  Game is for you .Getting killed and losing your kit: Look's like they will be working on it soon .But on the Good Side you keep your BASE and all Items in your boxs in your base you just have to find it ( I love that part )I think an in game map would kill the game as it so good when you find your way to back to your Base .And you get to know where you are in the end just look for land marks .
76561197960785821,Recommended,418030,28223583,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,ne0n,"ColdGames has this going on!!!!second review edit, this game is becoming amazing, only wolfs/bears are OP"
76561198089911458,Recommended,418030,29007352,Posted: 4 January,all,banned800,"i edit my review. this game really - really annoying but so far i play, i enjoy it. still wait good thing on next update"
,Recommended,418030,29275948,Posted: 15 January,all,OldManJason,SP Survival with AI bandits. got to love it
,Recommended,418030,31351005,Posted: 24 April,all,Ceska_,"Subsistence is a brilliant game with so much potential to be ever better! I've tested out a few modes in varying difficulty and options and all present different tactics and challenges. ColdGames is a wonderful developer who listens to the community and really cares about this game. I look forward to future updates - but this game is so playable in it's current state, it almost doesn't feel like an early access.I would suggest to anyone to play this starting on easy to get the hang of it before passing judgement - you need to understand the mecanics of the game to learn the tips and tricks. Maybe watch some gameplay on YouTube or Twitch as well :)This will be an amazing game when it is released, but I hope more people download and support ColdGames on the development, before release."
,Recommended,418030,31428989,Posted: 28 April,all,JiGfps,"If you like being eaten alive by bears and wolves, this game is for you!11/10 would get devoured by wolves again"
76561197987168548,Recommended,418030,33597052,Posted: 16 July,all,thermite187,Just like all games if it doesn't grab me in 30 minutes of playing and causes me more frustration than enjoyment I hit it with a negative review. Just how it is.... the point of a survival game is to survive... in this game I spawn.. killed by wolves... lose my stuff... spawn... killed by wolves 15 minutes later... lose my stuff... can't find the stuff I already tried to work for.Guess if you are hardcore survivalist and want a game where you spend an hour getting stuff then killed and have to start over... this game is for you. If not (Like me) this game is truly a waste of time.$13 might be a little steep for this thing when I spent $10 (First beta releases) on minecraft back in the day and it kept me going back for years of replay value. I may refund it or revise this later if I feel like killing a bunch of time on trying to survive more than an hour in this later. And seriously.. add a map or something to find your pack when you die...----------------------------------------------------UPDATE - Since the developer is actually being active (unlike a lot of dead-beat game devs) with reading posts and making considerations into the player base I'll switch it from Negative to Positive for now with the presumption he is making the efforts to turn the game around for the better. I did refund it.... but will consider it in the future if things improve.I would still proceed with caution on this game.
76561197994849254,Not Recommended,418030,27658735,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Quinty,grind. die. grind. die. uninstall
,Recommended,418030,26403799,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Goaty Goat,"I Know I Haven't Played this game for a while but let me Atleast ExplainI Absolutely love Survival Games like this, reason being is because you actually have a task to do... surviveThis game has some Like's and dislikes going Through Reviews so Im gonna Tell you EXACTLY what I thought About Subsistence if you are still not too convincedSubsistence is an amasing game with a load of potential but for Right now I Shall suggest holding onto you're Wallet until Further Game Fixing Updates are releasedPROS:- Amazing Weather- Enviroment- No stupid Zombie/Mutants/Alien BS- Hunter AI (Note; I Still have not seen a hunter yet)- Gutting Animation- SinglePlayer (With multiplayer in Development)- Building Seems more... In-Dept- TauntsCONS:- Bears are God Damn Everywhere- Loot boxes get too annoying to find- The Ground will Glitch and go to a dark Green Colour- Saving... uhh what do we need that for?- Pretty Hard to Grind forLike I Said this is In Early access... I hate having to hear or speak that word aswell but it's the TruthI Won't give it a rating YET until it's a year old or Something like thatI'll leave it so I do Recommend it but when Multiplayer Comes out and it's acting like Rust (Clans) then STAY far away from this game"
,Recommended,418030,34049454,Posted: 5 August,all,[Nyan] SpacemarineCat,"It's hard and fun, mostly hard. It's a survival game but damn it's hard."
76561198096112598,Recommended,418030,28716903,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,vampbat731,"This game is done by one dev. That being said, it's awesome, Its not perfect. It has some bugs, but Coldgames does talk and listin to the community. He puts out an update about once a week. He's always improving the game. If you want to see some game play, i'd watch GameEdged or Bloodstalker101. They both have a ton of vids. I love this game, there are things i don't like , but the pros out ways the cons by a landslide. If you like survival games i would get this one, it's my favorite game right now. It has been sence i got it three weeks ago. Coldgames is always adding new stuff and he's working on muliplayer. Check it out before you buy it as always. I can't see no reason not to buy, unless you don't like survival games. Hope this helped, if not check out GameEdged vids."
76561198239818996,Recommended,418030,33984209,Posted: 2 August,all,Mr Mayhem,"Love the game so far. Only a few notes that could be worked on for example a map would be very useful and add to the game experience. Animations for collecting wood and ore and butchering animals could use a revamp. If you wanted this to open the market up abit on the RP kind of gamers then possibly a selector on easy mode for density of wild animals wouldn't go a miss. On occasion  I have fallen through the map upon spawning. Over all though the game is there and ready for the experience of survival, it just needs tweaking but I am sure developers are all ready thinking the same thing and hopefully some cool updates. A game I would love to be apart of as a gamer or a mod/admin.Ps. Fishing. There must be fishing. And maybe some pigs and deer for a fuller ecosystem 😊"
76561198030424039,Recommended,418030,34155750,Posted: 10 August,all,MichaelBruce83,I gave this game a thumbs down because of some save issues.So far so good...   Freaking awesome game!! Thanks so much for working hard and listening to us.Get the game.
,Not Recommended,418030,31961263,Posted: 25 May,all,Vazeren,Would not recommand just yet the AI just doesn't go away in hardcore if your getting chased just restart your game it will never leave i just spawned in twice and within 3 mins of playing a wolf would just keep chasing me tell i either ran out of stamina or i died
76561198045590141,Recommended,418030,35085536,Posted: 20 September,all,Caigoomballou,"Fun game just enough challange not to much not to little, Arguably the best building system in a game. Gun play is diffrentbut fun. NPCS etc keep you playing, another pro is that stuff is being added and is only getting better. Great game I recommend"
,Recommended,418030,35140269,Posted: 22 September,all,Cadiz,"Great game, at the moment it's like single player Rust with the NPC's hard to kill."
76561198028233590,Recommended,418030,35139958,Posted: 22 September,all,son_of_liberty,"Love this game! very challenging, but rewarding. surprising amount of features for an early access game at a good price point. If you like survival games and don't mind a bit of a learning curve, check this out!"
,Recommended,418030,28228537,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,BlackCloudAVN,"When I first purchased this game there were a few issues that I couldn't overlook, those are fixed now, and I feel the game is at a point of good meta and gameplay, so at this point I'd say we can only wait on extra content rather than fixes. However, I see the developer being very active in his forums and discussions, legitimately taking note of complaints and suggestions, all the while also working on this game. It's come a long way, and I'm a bit addicted. I'm surprised that this early access game has no real bugs at all.Imagine an episode of Man vs Wild, but the survivalist never intends to leave, that's this game.The game makes you work for what you need, but in a balanced manner. It's a survival game realistic enough to make you scramble back to your shelter before nightfall. In the night, stumbling across a wolf or bear on accident is a serious danger, and you can see the fires across the land at night from other humans, just furthering your need to get to safety. You gather important resources, and craft. Making for an addictive and consistant reward system that feels satisfying. You can domesticate animals, grow your food, hunt for it by several means, build your own shelter, ect. The developer is still adding content, but I have to say I have deep rooted faith in this games future. I would suggest this game and have been trying to get some of my friends to buy it, so I'm excited for multi player, which is not going to be easy."
76561198371607139,Recommended,418030,35181878,Posted: 24 September,all,jcribbsy,"love this game but its killing me... literaly lol, on easy (b/c) im more interested in building my base and making coo stuff,  theres animals everywhere... and its hard to find enough crafting suplys to make anything hmph id love a cheat box add on or something so i can build a bunch and maby not take 20 shots with the 9mm to kill a bear lol"
76561198009340319,Recommended,418030,35360700,Posted: 30 September,all,Gippy,I'm enjoying the game. Will be tons of fun playing with a buddy and also a larger map so it won't feel so cramped with the enemy hunter camps so close. Fun so far.
,Recommended,418030,35164212,Posted: 23 September,all,Matrix,Ive played 1.2hours and i love it
,Recommended,418030,35163332,Posted: 23 September,all,Boris,This game shows TONS of potential with an intresting gameplay.however the biggest con is that development is slow.other then that when the game gets finished more i would deffinatly reccomend.
76561198010740905,Recommended,418030,35396491,Posted: 1 October,all,Toey,"Great game  not fully complete and more work to be done sure,but  i have had a ball so far and different weapons and their ammo has kept me striving  to acquire in this game along with  items needed to craft i have played many hours now and i am still not bored and i have not yet activated hunters into the game yet.I rate this game better then  the last three sandbox/survival games by far and that includes ""the forest"" for game play..there is no cutting six trees only per day and focus on your weight and eating habits in this little beauty of a game."
76561198312184973,Recommended,418030,35463748,Posted: 3 October,all,oceanviolence,"Love this. Cant wait for more items, animations and multiplayer"
