user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,418180,26189723,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Mr Elusive,"The latest patch has ruined this game. The developer has added in a ""morale"" system that cannot be turned off. To keep crew morale up, you must not flee or evade combat -- which means playing peacefully (i.e. as a trader) is now completely worthless, as your crew mutinies because you're not being bloodthirsty enough.Prior to this patch the game was excellent. Good graphics with simple, yet compelling gameplay. I'd argue it's on par with Windward if you want a pirate sandbox-type game.(If the developer removes the ""morale"" feature or makes it optional, I'll change my review.)"
,Not Recommended,418180,29999691,Posted: 17 February,all,Doc Corb [RCL],"This game has a bit of a problem I'd call 'flash game syndrome' which is where the mechanics or gameplay itself is so shallow or basic it kinda feels like it's not worth continuing to see what better stuff you might get. It compares to a crappy pay to win mobile game called assassins creed pirates, where the utterly obnoxious ability to pay to unlock things has been replaced with, well, nothing except the same boring hauling and fighting. It was amazing for the first hour, but as my path to progression became more clear, I could not even imagine dealing with yet more grind to even consider trying to even remotely upgrade or even replace my ship.It has a token trading system with randomized supply and demand, combat so lackluster that it literally has an auto-determine if you want to skip it, and unimaginable grind. I suppose I had no idea what I was getting into with this, despite resarching it before purchasing it, I sincerely didn't get what I was hoping for."
,Recommended,418180,19496723,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,King Jakli Vasa,"3.7 hours(At the time of this review), I started playing right as I downloaded it(Which was just under 100mb btw,) and stopped moments before I wrote this review. To get the basics, its a pretty good game, obvious flaws, obvious strengths. The game highly reminds me of Sid Meiers Pirates, questing, and combat seems to be similar. So if you enjoyed that game like I did when I was young, this game  will be a good buy.Here are some pros and cons I have found.(So far.) (Updated: 2/14/16 (ABOUT Time..))Pros:+Game is Easy to Grasp+Quests - Kraken Hunting Nuff said.+Smooth expierence - Didnt find any frame rate drops, game crashes, or any of that, seems very stable.+Difficult yet easy game expierence - Your enemies vary. Difficulty varies, Bigger ships and forts, probably should stay away. Small Xebecs and Sloops, easy prey.+Ship custimization - Yeah, you can add fancy stuff to your ship, make your sails look cool, change your flag, and thats all in day 1 early access.+Huge Future Ahead - This game can go so many ways on its current path, It makes me jittery on where the future goes.+Trading - Oh god yes, Trade Faction is well, a Trade Faction Come one come all spend your money here!+ Factions - You are finally enable to sneak into enemy towns, instead of just floating around rubbing against your fellow seamen wondering if your quest will ever continue or not.+ Quests - This game has alot of potential with numerous amounts of quests to do and legends to uncover.Cons: (They have, man, they have stumped my Cons man, its like they saw these problems and got right on it. Good job Devs! Had 9 Cons.. now im at.. wow... 3. Hot Tomato Sauce Batman!)-Can be Repetitive - This depends on how you look at it.-Graphical Bugs - Water, doesnt act like water, and all these towns flood like crazy!-Grinding - Even though Trading was certainly giving verity, i still have a sense of ""Grind"" but it CERTAINLY is not as bad as it was when i updated this review on December 6th.Tips: The game itself, is much easier to pick up on, and i cant say i have anything to really tip atm.Funny Little Glitch: I dont know how it happened, but while i was commanding the Bloody Pearl ship, while on the crew screen, if i attempted to move crew from the ""Crew Stations"" to either Sail or Hull, they instead multiplied. Leading me to be able to spawn crew. Now, being as it were, i decided to go as far as i could. Would you believe me if i said that i was able to put 15 million people onto one ship? Sounds like another sailor legend. but Darn it be true. It ruined my game so i had to make a new game, but 15 million. I commanded, 15 million crew members, on a ship only to hold 28. Dont even get me started on how much health my ship had before the game just bugged out hard. Lets just say, I am a true Admiral. Even with my ship now in Davy Jones locker. Oh, last i saw, i had almost 10 million ship health. I might as well be Davy Jones himself with all these souls."
76561197967047266,Recommended,418180,32220470,Posted: 6 June,all,ElectronichEad,"version 1.0.92nice pirate game1st and 3rd person viewStories involvedhunt for rumors and discover legendsHoarding gold and stuffdifficulty settingsshipupgrades (cannons, sails, crew, shipstructure) and fancy stuff for ship appearanceGet nailed by your not-so-nice friends or betrayedKraken involved!The game feels clumsy at the beginning, but the tutorial helps you outI play this with mouse and keyboard, all singleplayerAtm you can't have your own fleet, or your own fort. But fellow pirates ships do help you in fights if they are around and if you are a pirate (i guess it is the same for other factions)Boarding ships can go fast, for your or the other crew:-), but at least you are a part of the action!Decent graphics for such a little gameAnd it really is an open world gameKrakens are not the only monsters.....the action is sometimes really overwhelming-> too many 'reds' around you"
76561198014147932,Not Recommended,418180,25694784,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,ragenz,"i read some stunning reviews for this , they were .......  missleading / game is a gellphone game either ported to pc or designed to sell to cellphone users ... i really wish steam had a catagory for that so i could ignore these types of games. And comeing to that i should have done more research on it before the purchase.Game  has a strange combat system which i thought would have the same feel as rebal galaxy but it doesnt due to the enemy fire arcs being almost 4x wider then your own and you pretty much ""swipe"" for everything... i have to say im really a little put out by trying to remain positive game is fast with loading and the graphics are pleaseing i guess.negatives computer has endless artifact use ,uses op ammo endleslly you do not have access to till later in game and then it starts useing the next tier so you will never be ""on parr"" , will drop random bosses on you so you are now fighting 2 cheating enemies and a big fish that can instant kill you . But every game cheats to keep the challenge for players so ... again its a annoyance that you see it and you know its there .The man isnt behid the curtain hes out front in a tank while you hold a butterknife.Missions drop some good loot but the missions dont end with the loot drop you often spend more gold then what you get from the missions attempting to complete the mission and therefore should be avoided and shoud be considred for the most part money sinks..The only reason to do missions is to earn faction rep of which you will earn more by simply buying the faction flag equiping it and auto fighting .Tradeing is bad I only found one trade run that actualy made any sort of money.The only part to this game which seems to have any draw for me is the ship customisation ... with the prices however you could possbily spend the day just grinding auto fights ""purchaseing ammo"" for a spike in your ship that appears to do nothing but look kewl .If you do decide to buy the game you really dont want to fight those random encounters just auto them its quicker you will kill 20 and earn 10x more $ comparrison to 1 fight you may not win its really not worth it.This game is a top down turn based  strat with some rpg elements but its not about your ship and you its all about your crew which for the most part you will ned to replace half of every hour if you dont like auto fighting aka you will waste exp upgradeing crew alot of expbecuase the will die alot..Is it sidmieyers pirates no not even close it dosnt even have the depth of windward if you really want a indepth pirate game you would be better off playing warbands pirates then this.However if you only have a cellphone to play on i guess this would do fine its a coin flip really ."
76561198022940619,Recommended,418180,32065539,Posted: 30 May,all,IamRomulas,"Best pirate game I've played in a LONG time!  Visuals are decent, controls are easy to use and responcive (keyboard or gamepad), multiple quest task that follow one plot line in addition to Many random encounters you decide rather or not to engage in... and sea monsters.... Scary Sea Monsters....  Dune type critter, 30,000 leagues under the sea type critter... and those are only the first two I've met in 5 hours of game play O.O  Defeat is not a perminant thing; it just sets you back a Lot of cargo and XP.  I HIGHLY recomend!  Total steal while on sale :)  If you like Sid Myers Pirates then you'll truely love this master piece in the making!  Loot well and live free mates!!"
,Recommended,418180,20782249,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Shakira Magala,"Only issue there is with the game, is the community thinks a Naval action game, with Pirates in it, automatically makes it a ""Pirate Game"", nope still a Naval action game, just has the option to be a pirate, or a Privateer game, or a Merchant game, or you know a NAVAL ACTION GAME!!!! Shut up about it being a poor ""Pirate Game""!! It's not! It's actually a very well put together game, and it's actually still in Early Access, so quit being pansies, because you read something wrong, and don't get what you want, from a non AAA game company game; that, you know, is simply just awesome."
,Recommended,418180,25217698,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,a helpless tramp,"I came in to this having read the reviews""It's not exactly like Sid Meier's Pirates!, and it's really hard""However they were on the whole mostly/overwhelmingly positive. I chose to reserve judgement (I'm usually more grumpy about games than others)And on the whole I'd like to say:They were right about the first part, and wrong about the second.It's not Pirates! You don't get dancing, or swordfighting (or more annoying points like ageing/loot division). What you do get is way more factions, and way more interwoven organic storyline.The first few quests are repetitive, but once you get in to it, it's really engaging. From the appearance of random ropes on your deck, to niggling weirdness, to inhaling incense and encountering a demon.It's Pirates of the Carribean on steroids. They pumped it full of beastly lore then added more magic in to the mix.And I'm happy to say that I really like it!It's more than worth the £11 asking priceNow I'll explain the reasoning for why I said that they were wrong about the game being hard:I picked the easy difficulty going in - I was in for a white knuckle ride, and wanted to ease off a bit.What actually happened, was I took the starting ship (actually fairly good for what it is, a small fast vessel, with decent cargo space), and after ""restarting"" a few times, because you know - I really wanted to do it RIGHT.After all that, I pretty much figured out that death doesn't really cost all that much.I mean, you lose some money, and cargo, but you even keep the ship(s) and all mods.To make the start of this game♥♥♥♥♥♥easy, just build movement speed, and maneuverability, and you'll outclass most enemies you come accross, including much bigger ships.Later in to the game, I even managed to sink one of the hardest ships by adding long reach in to the mix, and kiting my♥♥♥♥♥off.The real thing is that it's a little unintuitive in the beginning what you CAN and CAN'T do.Towns are NOT forts. Small ships should NOT fight much bigger ships, or god forbid go NEAR a fort.A town will heal you for half a penny. A fort will blow you to smithereens if you warp in on the map right under its turrets (unless you happen to have the right flag, and then they're next to useless anyway).There still seem to be bugs - In ship descriptions, you'll find 2 references of repair speed (hull) next to each other (29/8/2016), but honestly, it seems pretty complete to me.The main storyline even does a great job of doubling up as a tutorial, while perfectly ramping up the difficulty curve, and not hand holding too much.The only thing I haven't managed to figure out sadly is the boarding.So far, rule of thumb is: Have your shooter crew maxed out. Have sails, and belowdecks levels maxed out. And you should be able to have 2 ""fighters"" (mid level crew). After that, destroy sails, and 95% enemy middle (crew) health with shrapnel (you can't kill them all). And then ONLY BOARD SHIPS WEAKER THAN YOU. If you board a ship with even 2 more shooters on deck than you have, you could still quite easily lose.This might not be by design. There are many shipboard roles for combat. And they all look equally interesting.BUTThey only go up in experience (not down), and the guide to combat is in the mouse over descriptions of the crew you have.Having said that, there's a nice feature where if you do manage to board a ship, you can take it as part of a down-payment on that ship type (trophy ship = same as if you'd buy it in a city, and it becomes permanently accessible)I'm about 40 hours in maybe, and am still finding new stuff, and still enjoying it quite a bit.The game's pleasantly surprised me at almost every turn, and it's still keeping it fresh :)Hope you'll enjoy the game too!"
76561198065334219,Not Recommended,418180,20989809,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,fixitdave,"I like the idea of the game and how it plays but the people behind just make seriously wierd choices. One quest has a ship that you can kill and you must repeatedly die until someone gives you a magic device to make it stop, this can cost you thousands in repair, dead crew and sometimes you lose rare expensice artifacts. The first update was great and contained things that people wanted but update 3 just threw all that away and made it twice as hard. They raised the cost of repairs, ships, death penalty while simultaneously lowering loot, accuracy, ship base stats and not letting you escape for 30 seconds.Avoid this game until some serious work has been done, I dont recall hearing about pirates/navys having to be careful with the amount of cannonballs they were firing because their accuracy was only 63% and the loot gained wouldn't cover the cost of the cannonballs fired!"
76561198083060022,Not Recommended,418180,28833026,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Russell Murfee,"This game was clearly made for tablets. To the point where it tells you to ""Swipe left or right"". They couldn't be bothered to add arrows or something of the like for the PC."
76561198069014275,Not Recommended,418180,25100859,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,fal_draigon,"I was very excited when I kept reading comparisons for Sid Meyer's Pirates, but was greatly disappointed. The game plays much like the Assassin's Creed naval battles which sounds like a good thing until you find that even low level ships are massive cannon sponges and the combat lacks some of the nuances that made it work in AC. The UI is somewhat confusing. Map travel is boring, but becomes necessary to make any real progress. Quests had little to no direction as to where to go and some even had wrong directions, telling me to head west of the starting location when it was actually east. I hated the auto save you're stuck with your progress too. I ended up restating 5 times in my 100 minutes of play as I would get sunk and lose what little progress I had made and every mission I tried to do seemed be guarded by an armada that would open fire as soon as I arrived. maybe i just suck at this game, but I found it tedious and frustrating even during the tutorial."
76561198054896463,Recommended,418180,19559116,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Snuffles,"Pros:Gfx are pretty good and run well on non-high-end computersShipfights were exciting, especially with the camera anglesCons:Instructions were either unclear or completely lackingI echo other sentiments that this game can become grindyLack of restart or new save/multiple save filesThis game is pretty good for EA but still needs a bunch of work"
,Not Recommended,418180,25377986,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Xas,"Smooth Gameplay.Fine Graphics.Legend Monsters look stunning when you encounter them.Newly added Tornados, are outstanding as they wreck havok on everything in its path/Other than the sinking of enemy ships like all other similar sailing pirate games.The Boarding Strategy stood out, greatly improved gameplay experience,had fun trying to win battles by boarding rather than simply sinking the enemies.BUT,it gets repetitive and monotonous after awhile.Its a grind for missions and sinking/ boarding of enemy ships while you follow the main story.Seeking information from port to port, doing delivery work,same routine and style,There isn't much of a trading economy.Having only one save slot,some extreme bugs when triggered could do serious harm to your save files forcing you torestart or give up.Some quest and story mission are buggy to trigger and details aren't sufficient nor relevant.Had played the game four playthroughs,the last three have always been met by game ending circumstances of'Unable to proceed further'.The last was at final story mission that goes blank with no further details to proceed.Feeling of reading a book with the last few pages torn off.Spend hours circling the map aimlessly looking for what was missing where it should appear.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=759040682The above is an unfortunate bugged save.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=761763940Replayed a continued old save which was previously bugged and completed the 21 Legends.Little to No satisfaction of completion,the ending is just a text of an encounter with a turtle, which is rather weak for a finale,as the Captain just stays on his ship outside the port waiting,perhaps theres more addons in future for a better sequal or ending.Last Sea Wolf Achievement isn't working as well.Could use more implementation of Ships, Expansion Maps, Improvement on the Multiplayer interface and more Resolve on buggy situations which i brought up in the support,perhaps the game is already considered Done and what was said are just redundant.Used to recommend the game,had to delete and rewrite the review.Now its your choice."
76561198323778423,Recommended,418180,34317122,Posted: 17 August,all,TorrentGamer,"Full Disclaimer: This Review is based on the current Build (1.1.0). By the time you might read this Review some of the described Bugs/Glitches might be already fixed so take my rant with some salt ;-)Tempest: Pirate Action RPG from Lion's Shade could have been as good as the Classic Pirates Game from Sid Meier (Pirates!) but the lack of polishing is still after more then a year noticeable in many aspects...Don`t get me wrong, over the last couple of months the Team back over at Lion's Shade has clearly improved the Game a lot but at the same time parts of Tempest still seem to be as bugged as they were on the day the Game launched last year also those Bugs have been reported dozen of times by now.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1113690573Missions doesn`t moving forward even if you had done everything you were told to do, bugged Battleships that jump from one position to another and/or don`t attack at all, lack of Animations, Missions description that show you into the wrong direction, Missions where you have to Kill X Enemies but the Mission will only proceed forward if you have first a good standing with the fraction which doesn`t make any sense at all,...http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1113691162Sure since Tempest is the first bigger project from Lion's Shade I could accept those Bugs/Glitches and more on but I can`t since over the last couple of weeks one new DLC had launched while the Game is still till today bugged and a Developer should never ever launch a DLC for a Game that is clearly not yet polished enough.Things are not anymore as bad as they were on Day One but...Considering that Lion's Shade is charging for the Treasure Lands DLC around one third of the Main Game you would expect that it should be therefor out of any Major Glitches but as you might have already guess again the DLC wasn`t free out of Bugs and as the Main Game too has it's own issues....but the Game is still far from being able to be called Ready to Ship and some of those Bugs fall under the ""Unresolved Game-Stopping Bugs"" category.All this is very sad since on the other hand as already mentioned in the introduction Tempest could have been the Sid Meier Pirates! Game everyone of us have been waiting for since years to dig their hands into. It`s all there and yet it still feels like the Game should have been another year in Development before it was released and then over the last couple of months fixed while parts of Lion's Shade have already moved on to Aventarium.Conclusion:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1113693512I could probably rant about what went wrong with Tempest so far while listening to the Tempest Soundtrack from Vadim Krakhmal that is available on Steam and onSoundcloudtoo which is one of the Highlights of the Game or how many great Battles I had encountered while I was playing the Game for around twenty hours so far or how many times had made me giggle like a small Girl because some of the Missions were just funny but in the end I probably would have at some point in the future again encountered a Game Breaking Bug and had to search for some time till I would find a way how to bypass it or like in the end just closed the Game down and give up on it.https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1113695455This is one of the Games that you either like from ther first moment and enjoy therefor playing or hate with so much patience that it does hurt.Special since it does have so much potencial it did hurt me each single time when i had encountered one of those Bugs/Glitches that are still in the Game because some of those are only still in the Game since the Team back at Lion's Shade were too lazy to fix them after more then two years because some exist even while the Game was in Early Access which goes way back to 2015.https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1113694834Which comes to another aspect. Some of the current Review claimed that this Game was first for mobile and afterwards for PC.This is plain and simple wrong since the Game was on Steam 2 years before it had even shown up on the AppStore or on Google Play.Just because the FileSize does fit on a Mobile Device nowadays doesn't mean that the Game was developed on Mobile and then ported on the PC. It was the other way around and if you claim in your Review something else you are full of hate and don't remember that the Game was on Steam years before a Mobile Build was even talked the first time about or even planned by Lion's Shade.That`s it. To come finally to an end:Thumbs UpIt`s stilled bugged but I so far enjoyed my time with the Game more then I thought i would have since Mankind need a new Pirates! Game very badly.That´s it. Thanks for reading and have a great time ;-)"
76561197964363507,Not Recommended,418180,32750386,Posted: 24 June,all,Mystomex,"Tutorial is frustrating because it disables OBVIOUS strategies in order to teach you how to play like a complete moron.  After the tutorial you are set loose on a world full of... mehBoarding is so so terribleunable to do anything related to your ship on the main map screen, instead you must always zoom into 3d just to check how many cannon balls you have (why?)Cannot change up crew positions while in battle, instead you have to leave battle range just to tell people to get the ♥♥♥♥ off the sails and get on deck to defend the ship(why?)Sometimes towns will attack you for no reason, not flying pirate flag, flying merchant flag, faction relations are nuetral or better yet constantly bombarded by towers without doing anything to warrant it (why?)This could be a great game, maybe in another year or 2 as it stands right now just skip it and play Sid Meirs Pirates, Tempest is on the verge of being about the same level but as it stands now Pirates is a galleon Tempest is a canoe"
76561198161727612,Recommended,418180,30454912,Posted: 11 March,all,SaintPhillip,"Since  there isnt a middle of  the road option  I am recommending this game mainly  because its a decent (albeit arcadey) Pirate game at a very fair  price point.I would summarize this as ""a mile wide yet an inch deep""  because there are tons of cool features that  every Pirate  game should  have and  yet not a lot  of depth.,, For instance 'trading'. yes, theres trading  but good luck playing the game a merchant because  everything in the world  is static. Prices, items,etc-Meaning theres a few viable trade routes to do over and over again,exactly the same. This seems to be  the case with  most things in this  game.Its also very ""arcade"" as opposed to ""sim""- Even going against the wind my  ship zooms around  like a  ferrari  that can make hairpin turns.That  aside- Its FUN,  A bit  shallow but  still fun. And for $15  its well worth it.I really want  a GOOD new  POTC or  Sea Dogs style  game with more emphasis  on simulation and depth...But beggars can't  be  choosers and I love the Pirate genre and have played every game out there- And so for the price (hell, I would have been okay even  paying a bit more) I would recommend this.NOTE-  I only have  around  6 hours  so if things change and somehow the game gets some depth i'll update-"
76561198012524009,Not Recommended,418180,28669867,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Pekkaen,"Advertises and looks like a pirate game, thought arrrrh shiver me timbers!Been playing it almost 2 hours, and the more i play it the more i hate it.It does not make you feel like a pirate, if you think it looks like an updated version of sid meiers pirates your wrong.Instead if makes you arrrghry because the combat is lacking, they added these stupid artifacts that makes other ships invulnerable (ships just puts up a magic shield that stops your cannonsballs).Also the combat is really unbalanced, from the start on you keep getting forced into battles with much bigger ships and usually outnumbered, the other ships have much better range and damage so you will most likely end up dieing a few times and loosing the few coins you have.The boarding part of the game is the worst part, instead of boarding like a bunch of pirates jumping ropes from ship to ship you actually just throw poison gas bombs at each other. Then your guys will sit behind crates with their muskets and shoot on the other guys which also is hiding behind their crates with the muskets. And this fighting goes on for dreadful boring minutes....And one last thing, i managed to board a ship and win the fight. But did i get to take that ship on as my main ? No i was only able to ""request my crew to take it back as a trophy"" which basicly didnt do anything.So again, this game aint worthy a pirate title, cause it never gives you that pirate feel.Luckily i stoped playing before refund went out, cause i requested refund for this ""bad boy""."
76561198141726872,Not Recommended,418180,25898754,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Pally Wal,"Hey, So i bought this game awhile ago and thought id share my experiance, the boarding system is wonky and feels unfair and leaves something to be desired (sid myers quick time events were better then this games boarding system). The graphics and overall feeling is amazing. The ship fighting is pretty good not the best ive ever had but pretty good.At the end of the day sid myers pirates  from 1987 plays better then this. Also sid's is only 10.99 and this is 16.99. I honestly cant beleive i even have to compare a game today with a game that was made 30-40 years ago, you'd think they would have made it better or different, but they really didnt its sid's with better graphics and less to do with a crappy boarding system (and Sid's boarding is boring but at least they ddnt have an overally complicated crew system on top if a buggy and somewhat broken tutorial so its nearly impossible it learn)The quest system also left something to be desired, it resolves around relations for the most part and has very little of an actualy story. Lastly every fight is avoidable (at least from what ive seen) i havent been jumped or forced to the ""sea"" screen i just sail past most of them, the system fight repair, fight repair really suits this game because as long as you repair after every fight i can almost promice you'll NEVER die.There is still SOOOOOO much work that needs to be done on this game and it was already in early access, so save the 5 dollars and get Sid Myers's pirates or Man ""O"" War corsair (not sure if you save with Man ""O"" War but ive been really enjoying it, and its pretty different) or assassin's creed black flag and rogue are both better then this. So get basically any other pirate game but this"
76561198024427136,Recommended,418180,32375830,Posted: 12 June,all,niels-t-andersen,Highly addictive even if there are some issues with the game still .. most of all: I wish you could speed up the pace of combat up.
76561197978739692,Recommended,418180,25586308,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,AlexKidd62[FR],"Ahoi guys/girls!There is lots of things to say about ""Tempest"" but to sum all this up, this is what I ended up with.Tempest is a really nice game which place you at the command of different ships (small to big one! up to rank 2) that you can acquire by ""boarding them"" (Trophy ship) or ""buying them"" (If you are a wealthy guy!).You will be able to join different factions by doing quests, destroying and boarding ships. The way you act will have an impact on your reputation toward the different factions.Each faction gives you different bonuses/rewards. (pick the right one!)There is also multiple ""history quest lines"" that are pretty fun to do like an encounter with the well known ""Flying Dutchman""(https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flying_Dutchman).Combat mechanics is pretty much ""Arcade style"" but not in the wrong way because there is still complexicity underneath (crew configuration / collected ships parts or upgrades), and IA is ""OK"".In term of graphics, they are yet pretty simple but still clean and neat (for a game that is only 300mb large!), ships are well designed and full of details, effects have ben used wisely and are overall pretty good. There is also a first person view which is a big plus when you are sailing in ""open world"".I said ""open world""? Yes there is! You can actually jump from the map to open sea in real time!This is actualy one of my favorite feature in the game, you can actualy go from point A to B by sailing in real time but not without encountering enemies on your path, that I'm sure you will help in their quest to meet the bottom of the sea!Now in term of musics and sounds They perfectly fit the game atmosphere! Canonballs shot sound / Fire rain / explosion / combat music are pretty nice.Forgot to mention that there is a Multiplayer mode in the game which allow you to meet ppl in open world and coop with them (right now max 3 ppl in the same session)Overall conclusion!Tempest is a nice little game (that reminds me POTBS), is priced as it should (15 euros ""here"") and will give you plenty of fun if you give it a try!Hope to see you soon in the high seas!PS. Sorry if my english is not that ""great"", I actualy do my best so that everyone could understand (I hope! :) )."
,Recommended,418180,22403228,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,The Misanthropic Lord,"YA HAR! THIS BE THE BEST POIRAT GAME I'VE PLAYED IN NARY A SCORE O' FORTNIGHTS AND A 'ARF! THAR BE E'RYTHIN' A BUDDING BUCCANEER OR BOSUN'S L'IL BLACK 'EART COULD DESIRE! WIT' THIS PIECE O' SIMULATIN' SORCERY, YE BE FINDIN':1) SINKIN' SHIPS!2) COLLECTIN' BOOTY!5) GETTIN' BIGGER CANNONADES!2 (AGAIN)) SINKIN' BIGGER SHIPS!AND GETTING YER REVENGE WOT FROM THE SCALLYWAGS THAT TRIED TA DO YA IN...IT BE A MODERN REPRESENTATION O' SID MEIER'S POIRATS WHAT CAME OUT A DECADE AGO!WILL BRING OUT THE CUSSIN' CORSAIR OUTTA ANY LILLY-LIVERED LANDLUBBER!AND IT ONLY BE 12 PIECES O' EIGHT, SO IT WON'T BE MAKING A CRACK IN YOUR TREASURE CHESTS!WHAT ARE YE WAITIN' FOR?!? A GAMEPLAY VIDEO?!?Well, I have one of those as well! See for your....er...<ahem> BE SEEING WIT' YER OWN EYES THE WONDER AND MAJESTY WHAT WORLD THESE 1s and 0s BE MAKIN' AND BE DECIDIN' IFIN IT BE WORTH YOUR HARD STOLEN DOUBLOONS FER YEESELF!https://youtu.be/-b52NnRhd3M"
,Recommended,418180,19508346,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,iamtheshowdown,"I've only played a couple hours of this game but my first impressions are good. For a relatively cheap game it's pretty fun and entertaining. You sail around on a map and ocasionally run into some pirates or a battle between pirates and merchants. You can fight them, fight with them (if it is an already ongoing battle), or ignore them and leave. I have yet to find any instructions on controls or anything of the sort but it's not to hard to figure out.Pros: decent graphics, fun gameplay, decent challenge in battles.Cons: Needs instructions on how to play, still has some glitches in the water and some land. (a wave crashing through your ship like its on a different plane).Overall worth a try for the $11 dollors or so."
76561197973815251,Recommended,418180,31795839,Posted: 16 May,all,Jay Bizzell,"Yes this game seems simple, and yes it IS on Droid and ios (I believe it was a PC title first...I think). But it IS fun. I enjoy the well designed combat. It has some complexity without being bogged down. This game cost 14.99, I have games, that quite LITERALLY cost 3 times as much that weren't half as good. So yeah, I gave this a thumbs up. I feel I should mention that this was an Early Access title the dev's actually finished as well as delivering what was promised with a bit extra on the side. On the surface it seems really shallow, however it does get a bit better. Cheers!"
,Recommended,418180,31497493,Posted: 1 May,all,SHOCKCABLE,ARGHHHHH MATEY!!!This be the pirate game for ye!Pros:PiratesPirate shipsGood graphicsDiffernt factionsExcellent ship combatCons:Horrible 3rd person combat on the shipsUI needs work with the market stuff and ports need to be alittle more entertaining.OVERALL:7/10
,Recommended,418180,21106480,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Kenedius,"I don't often write reviews unless the game is truely bad or actually worth while so bare with me since it might become a tad rambling.Firstly you can tell that this game is a labour of love, the dev is quick to react to what people post in discussions as well as implements changes and fixes, which is really good since its just 1 guy, with the game its self yes it is still a work in progress but it is coming along fast, while some people may think its worth waiting for a complete product I think that getting it early access is a better move for this since it means the dev will work to fix faster.The user interface and tutorial could do will a little polish since somethings aren't clear, for instance switching from 1 ship to another can be tedious the first time since everything has to go in to hold then warehouse than finally into new ship hold before it can be mounted back on to ship, and swapping crews between isn't the clearest either but its not a game breaker; missions once selected to read are auto accepted and currently only the pirates have missions which to me makes it a little biased since they become the 1 faction to impress if you wish to follow the game ""story"" and unlock all the upgrades, perhaps in future for the pvp side while collecting all improvements are possible, they might grey out depending on faction favour and so on which could balance the upgrades; the bank only holds 15k which is cool but the top ship costs 50-60k depending on port and favour so you do run the risk of sailing with 30+k in your holds which can be dangerous if you go in to certain missions.All in all I would suggest this game and look forward to its continued development."
76561198017289101,Not Recommended,418180,25102564,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Kwazymofo,"Firstly, I have not seen all this game has to offer, and assuming that my refund request goes through I will not see any more content until this game sees further improvement. This game shows promise, but some rather strange design choices really limited my overall fun when playing this game in the early phases. I'll be giving my overall impressions on the game in the time I've played it, and will try to keep things as objective as possible (obviously it cannot be 100% objective).Firstly, I want to talk about the graphics. They allow this game to run on just about any computer I'd wager, but they really let down the world design. The developers went for a mix of fantasy and piracy similar to risen 2 and 3, which makes for some fairly cool looking locations. Enormous statues embedded into the islands, or jutting out of the water is quite cool. At the point in the game I reached they did not indicate any signs of lore significance however, but perhaps that would've occurred later, so I will not hold that against the title. However, watching waves wash up and through my ship in the most unrealistic way possible was quite gross, and the lack of collision with docks felt basic. Personally I feel that I should need to be careful when docking my ship, but this is essentially nitpicking, so take it how you will. Watching my completely populated deck turn into a barren waste with 3 people on it once I entered first person mode just didn't look good. And the ship's helm doesn't turn correctly at all. It functions more like you're pushing the boat to where you want it to head, as opposed to steering it with a rudder. The helm doesn't turn back to a neutral position, once you stop turning the rudder hits the centre mark again without adjustment. The attention to detail just isn't there for the most part, if you can overlook these shortcomings than perhaps you'll manage to enjoy this game's open sea experience.That is, so long as the interface doesn't get in your way first. Much of this game's UI was made with the mouse (and sometimes touch screen) in mind before the keyboard. Using the mouse to swipe between the warehouse, your ship and the shop is just gross. Yes you can get used to it, but why the developers didn't allow a simple click to work too I am not sure. Honestly, most of my time early on was spent fighting the visually simple interface. It often felt unintuitive. Not always however, moving your crew around the ship was simple and smooth, if cluttered at first glance. I found it easy to tell how many crew members of specific ranks were occupying each of the ship’s stations (Sails, boarding party and cannons). It's hard to describe, but the method of navigating different menus in the game changed for seemingly no reason. One second you’d be swiping and dragging to change menus, and the next you'd try to drag and drop equipment into available slots but be unable to. To me it almost felt like different people designed different menus. This may not be an issue for some, perhaps it was more a personal gripe, but I felt it getting in my way very quickly.Luckily the core game play is quite smooth and once it gets going, it's mostly enjoyable. After the initial ""Sorry, your crew member is on another island"" stage of the main quest, the game starts to open up. Sailing is mainly focused around combat; you won't be fighting foul weather or anything like that (unless I just never saw it). The combat is smooth and mostly enjoyable in and of itself. Wind affects your ships speed, going from +10% to your max speed when catching the wind and -40% when sailing into it, with varying degrees of effect in-between. You can choose between different ammo types from chain shot, shrapnel and bomb types and more depending on your target. Changing ammo during combat was slightly annoying. Each time you press tab to cycle ammo the reload timer resets. This would be fine if the ammo types were easily distinguishable, however I found basic shrapnel ammo very similar to cannon balls. To avoid this you can use the mouse menu to carefully pick the ammo type, which leads back to the UI gripes. But I digress. In combat you can aim your cannons, steer your ship, use abilities such as mortars and magic and board enemy ships. Boarding was pretty clunky and uninteresting. I only did it once, it's fairly basic but was functional in the time I tried it.Something I want to mention before I wrap up this already long review is the basics of the faction system. Beginning the game for the first time you start the game with two flags, a pirate and a merchant flag. These flags are what determine who will help you and who will attack you on the open sea. Earning these flags has nothing to do with your allegiance however, you only need to pay a fee (3000g) to get your hands on one (this was one flag I found, and 3000g was a large but not unobtainable amount early on). I wanted to work for the kingdom (one of the factions), so sailing under the merchant’s flag I figured my choice of flag and neutral standing with all of the factions would allow me to aid the kingdom. I was wrong. While performing a mission for the kingdom I was intercepted by their boats on my way to their drop off point. I could see the boat I needed to reach for them, but two of their brigs stood in the way, readying their guns and sailing into range. Attacking them would hurt my standing with them, so I was forced to flee. Why would the faction I was working for stop me from completing my job for them? Why would a faction that attacks me on sight allow me to take a mission from them? The answer for me was poor game design.This review has already gone on way too long. I personally cannot recommend this purchase. But take this how you will, as I’m certain some people can overlook these flaws. Underneath it all I sense an enjoyable pirate game. But I just couldn't be bothered to dig far enough to reach it myself. I'd rather reinstall Seadogs after years and years, or just play Sid Meier's pirates again. I'd recommend you only purchase this game after a great deal of research (which could be hard because not many people are reviewing/ playing the game in its current state) to be sure that it is title you can enjoy despite its flaws."
76561197993500303,Not Recommended,418180,33667845,Posted: 20 July,all,Gorebane,"Fair warning: This is an iphone/tablet game, which funnily enough is available for less than half the price it's sold on Steam on Google Play, and iTunes.The Good:-Considering the entirity of the game is just over 400Mb (it's designed for phones) there's a lot in there.-Ship to ship combat is interesting and kinda fun.-The overland map is a great idea and takes a lot of the tedium out of sailing from A to B.-There is a lot of attention to detail in some areas, e.g. in first person your captain is holding a map of the world.The Bad:-The graphics take you back in time 10 years-Boarding is so bad it would be hilarious if it wasn't so infuriating-The UI is very counter intuitive-You can't save/load games-The quest system feels like an afterthought, most descriptions are very weak, and kill x of y quests don't update leaving you having to guess/remember how far through you are.-The controls feel unresponsive-You can't arrange your men in combat, you have to leave combat to do that (I can't yell for people to climb down from the sails and defend the ship?)-You can't arrange your canon loadout outside of combat (I can't prepare for combat? What?)-Despite being allied with a certain faction, they'll attack you if you're using ""the wrong"" flag, and sometimes they'll attack you if you're using ""the right"" flag.-Trade feels like an afterthought, there are no indicators of whether a location is a better or worse price.-Crewmen don't gain experience in combat despite the store page inference, you have to spend your own experience on them.-It takes 50 skill points to acquire an ability, you get 1 skill point for each ship killed......-NPCs steal your kills: If you do 95% of the damage to an enemy, then an NPC scores the final shot, no XP/faction gain for you!-No LoS mechanic, you and the enemy can shoot through rocks/buildings/other ships.-Battles with allies/Rescue missions are poorly thought out, it's in your interest to let all your allied ships be destroyed as then you'll get their loot without penalty.The whole thing feels very much like an early access title, despite the obvious limitations of porting a tablet game to PC with another year or so of development this game could be great.The unfortunate thing is this genre is very limited in choice, there are only a handful of titles available to players. So while I'm giving this a negative review, if you like this sort of game you can either get it, or carry on playing Sid Meyer's Pirates!"
76561197994725840,Recommended,418180,19528926,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Alecqs00,"Ok, saw this game and decided to give it a try.  There wasn't a tutorial really that I noticed.  There were basic instructions on how to maneuver your ship.  I did the first quest pretty easy, the second a little more difficult, the third...impossible.  There isn't a way to become a merchant per se, trade goods cost the same everywhere else...so not making gold as a trader.  Fix in future?  THe only thing that I truly didn't like was there is no way to restart from scratch.  I got wrecked in the begining and have no way to come back from my destruction.  Overall, I would still give this game a 10/10.  I can't wait to see it come to fruition.Ok, just finished most of the quests.  (Don't worry, no spoilers)  I have a few questions for the developers.1.  Are all of the items to customize my ship available yet, or do I need to discover them in game?2.  I have ammunition for my cannons that I can't seem to find anywhere else.  (Quest rewards)3.  Are there more crew to discover or are there just the 6 that I have so far?I know this is early release, and I have enjoyed it beyond words.  Please keep updating and continue the great work!"
,Recommended,418180,19515767,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,McDanger,"Ive only played this a bit, but I am really enjoying it... think windward but not top down view, i say check it out"
,Recommended,418180,34575909,Posted: 29 August,all,ƸӁƷ ♥Hot Lips♥ ƸӁƷ,"Hello Everyone! After testing this game out i am impressed, it is one of the best pirate games out.This game features everything you like to see and do in a pirate game, land battles, sea battles, land defence and to protect other ships flying the same flag as you or you can just be the most feared pirate of the seas and send any or all ships to davy jones locker and plunder their cargo, you can even have battles on board a enemy ship and try to capture the ship to add it to your fleet of ships.You also can recruit special advanced shipmates that has special abilitys when you lay anchor on a island or town or city also there is plenty of special missions to carry out within the game, you can recruit any lost ship mates in most cities that has died in battle for a small amount of gold or capture them on the high seas.The game has 3 maps that are large and lots of places to sail to but beware the seas also has deep ocean monsters to defeat but the rewards are great also if you have a bounty on your head then look out and keep a sharp eye out in your crows nest as most ships will be trying to hunt you down for a large bounty.There are many items to collect to improve your ship and customise it and many new ships that you can buy and flags, sails, weapons and so onThe game has a good story line to follow which makes the game more interesting and more of a challengeAlso you can store all your i'll gotten gains (Cargo) in any sea port warehouse so not to overload your cargo space and leaves you free to sail and sink lots of ships,The graphics is surpurb and you can run this game on it's highest settings with no lag also the sound is great too The FPS is very high on this game even when set to highest level, it has a auto save featureI can't see any bad points about this game and it is a 100% pleasure to play it.There is some DLC for this game, The Soundtrack and Tempest Treasure Islands PackWish there was more DLC for this game To Enhance the game further but that may come in due course.You won't be dissapointed with this game if you love ship games and it would be money well spent in having it bless your steam collection.So good luck in your adventures on the high seas me harties and get plundering today."
,Recommended,418180,19805003,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Evan Darksky,"I love Tempest. It's a beautiful, somewhat dark-hued game taking in some low-fantasy elements while retaining a fair degree of believability. While it does look a bit like a mobile port (big, round buttons; Previously it had next to no keyboard shortcuts, even) it still feels like a decent PC game. While the ship and customization choices are very limited and the map rather small, the Developers have so far lent their ears to the community and have incorporated several requests such as manual cannon fire, a (currently) barebones co-op/pvp multiplayer, and a few balance tweaks. If you aren't afraid of the big ""Early Access"" sticker on it, I recommend you try it out. It's only 10 bucks, after all. It'll put more in you than something from McDonalds that's for sure. Does a Big Mac come with Leviathan? I think not.Even if you dont buy it now, I strongly suggest you keep an eye on it."
76561198024501029,Recommended,418180,25172876,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,CrazyFool,"Well, Tempest has its moments, but it also has its annoyances and its glitches.Annoyances - for me, anyway:1 - when you're making the transition from one sea (map) to another, you have to click on the transition icon, which will take you from the map to the sea. And then you have to spend a couple of minutes sailing to the light which will take you to the next map. Not too much hassle, you might think (although, in my opinion, rather pointless - why not just transition to the next map immediately, or better still, just have one huge map?), but invariably this stretch of sea will be full of ships or these strange, ethereal towers, all wanting to kill you. If you get sunk, you start again at the last port where you stopped. Quickly, you learn to stop at the port closest to the transition point.2 - the small amount of cash you make from looting a ship you've just battled with will undoubtedly be eaten up in repair costs and the costs of rehiring your crew. Whether this balances out the further into the game you get, I don't know, but when you're starting out, it's annoying.3 - no telescope to start with. You have to find a port which sells one. What's that all about?! Battles are difficult without the telescope.4 - I entered a boarding zone by accident. Cue my crew being overrun and my ship being sunk.5 - You can save your game. You have the option to wipe your progress and start again, but that's it. Is it so difficult to have a bunch of saved games?To be fair, it's enjoyable hokum at the moment, but I'm not sure whether it will have much longevity. The battles can be fun and slightly thrilling as you try to outmanoeuvre the enemy, but I'm guessing even that might get tiresome. I'm hoping that the devs tweak the gameplay a little, add a few more bells and whistles, increase the depth, and this could be a decent little game. I'll keep on playing and see how it goes.It's difficult to say whether I'd recommend the game. I'll err on the positive side and say yes, but just be aware of its limitations at the moment."
,Recommended,418180,25065342,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Prophet SKY,"Definitely a fun game to play. I recommend it!Played almost 50 hours on this game since early-access and still enjoying it.Like No man sky, Tempest is also an indie game. Both of these gameplays are bit repetitive, but Tempest has way more gameplay features than No Man Sky.Overall for me, the game is fun!"
76561198216404452,Recommended,418180,20989186,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,There Be Dragons,"I got it for US $8-$9 on a sale, and I think that is the fair price for it.  It can be pretty basic if you want to go bust some heads or you can get into it with the customiation and try to flesh out some more details.  It isn't Sid Meier's Pirates but it doesn't claim to be either.Pros:- Easy to learn the basics- Don't have to waste time with a story, can just get in, fight a bit, and then go back to playing on Twitter or whatever it is you do at work.What's Fine:- Music is fine- Graphics are fine- Upgrades are fine- Interface is fine (see con #1)Cons:- There is little in the way of instruction apart from these small pop ups from time to time.  You have to spend some time to figure out things like efficiency and what dragging this and that about will do for you.- The open world combat pop up option is a little too rapid.  Sometimes I want to go somewhere without being pestered by 30 sea battles- The waves kind of clip through all the things.  People can shoot through each other and the environment.  Not terrible, but sometimes when I see it I can't unsee it.- Can get to be a bit of a grind trying to score 9000 coins for an upgrade when you get 150-250 per battle at the startOverall, it's fine.  If you like naval simulations this may be too basic for you, but it has a place as a quick and easy age of sail-type game.  If you can grab it on sale, even better!"
76561197971113305,Recommended,418180,21269463,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,agentfatmen,"I have played this game for 26 hours so far and that is more than long enough to reach the ""end."" Do not get me wrong, I had a lot of fun with this game and I think you should buy it. There is solid combat, great graphics, and good writing but I did not come here to write this review based on how great this game is. I am here to say why I have stopped playing this game.I am at a point where I either spend hours being a ""trader"" for a 12 gold per item return or ending up spending more gold raiding people than I get from drops. It is a massive grind, I don't mind grinds but there are good ones then there are bad ones. I saved up enough money to buy a ship with 100 more cargo space but I did not know I had to have twice the sails, guns, and armor (hull plating) than my last ship. I ended up being able to carry LESS than I could in a smaller ship because things like cannon take away from the amount you can carry. I went from my ""gear"" using 56% of my carry weight to my ""gear"" using 76%... with no ammo so I could not fight at all. I went to every port and found the cheapest place to buy each item then found the place I could sell them for the most. I then mathed out which item, silver ware, gave me the largest return for the weight of the items. There is one item that I can buy from one port and sell at one port to make the best return...The writing... at one point I was on a quest to kill a boss monster but it wasn't the boss monster I thought it would be... so after killing the thing there is this text box were my character is ashamed because, as far as I can tell, he killed a deadly beast but it wasn't the deadly beast he thought it would be. The character goes so far to say ""I told the merchants not to tell anyone what happened.""I really want to play this game more but I just can't. I have the best cannon I could find, it costs too much to use the best ammo, and it will take way too much grinding to get the (I guess) best ship at $30,000. It would take me a total of 2,500 round trips to buy that boat. Yes I know there are other ways to make money, like putting it in the bank at a 1% interest rate, but thats still going to take a looooooong time."
76561198019801682,Recommended,418180,22789299,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Novan56,"Surprizingly good and very playable even as early access, would think this is a finished product. Just started playing for a couple hours and am hooked on the open world aspect of commanding  own ship to do battle and trade, but unfortunately cannot make own custom character. There seems to be a main story going on where the main character recruit his friends to help him. So characters are predefined, though i wish we could make our own character and give it unique appearance. Also wished we could name our ship. The art is a mixed of 2D and 3D, where ship combat and sailing is done in 3D, but map navigation and crew/ship management is done in 2D, which is acceptable but would prefer 3D. The ship models are decent and have good details and the sailing mechanics feel right. Especially like the view switching between 1st and 3rd person ship-view, which enhances immersion. Being able to see wheel turn in the HUD as well as in-game is definately a nice touch, cannot imagine playing ship-games without the wheel now. I wish the game could be developed into full fledged MMO, as it is its still tons better than Naval Action and is cheaper...Its graphics might not be as advanced as Naval Action but the overall gameplay is definately more polished and more like a finished product. Combat and navigation may not be as realistic as Naval Action, instead its more fast paced and simplified, but in a good way. Still it's pretty immersive with decent ship models and weather and the cinematic camera view occurs at just the right moment to show ship exchanging fires. Amazing piece of program that only takes up around 250 MB! The game really reminds me of mount & blade, only on water. Countless hours of enjoyment could be had with this inexpensive game. It is everything you want in a pirate game, but with more funds and support it can be great...full fledged MMO maybe? A franchise maybe? One could only hope..."
76561198041678901,Recommended,418180,30203585,Posted: 26 February,all,LickyLick,A fun pirate game to play alone or with a friend.Combat is great fun however the game can get grindy at times.
,Not Recommended,418180,28771030,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Poopface,"TLDR: Only buy if on sale. This is a decent RPG but the combat is lacking.The combat mechanics make this game very irritating to play. It seems like the developers listen somewhat so I hope they pay attention to this. This review will focus on the combat since that is the core of the game, and also the core of most of the problems. There are other small bugs in the game but generally nothing is game breaking. Everything else about the game is decent, but the combat makes me want to rip my hair out sometimes.Don't get me wrong, the game can be very satisfying especially if played with friends, I just want to focus on some of the some of the things I want the developers to fix.The following is a list of things that I find unbalanced, or generally annoying about combat.Too much wind.Ships are so slow in combat, it needs to be faster, more exciting, and action packed.Enemy ships have high accuracyand usually fire immediatly upon you entering their range. For comparison the player may have to spend several seconds charging and aiming canons to get the most damage potential.It is hard to check how much ammo you have before entering a battle, sometimes you will enter combat and find you have little ammo left.Boarding is slow, boring, and not very interactive.You can weaken enemy crew before boarding but sometimes you weaken them as much as you can only to find they still have a huge crew with full health. The crew strength number does not seem representative of how strong the enemy crew is at all.Fights with legendary creatures (eg The Kraken) can be annoying and generally not fun after the first couple of times you encounter them.I believe changing the wind could fix this a bit. Usually in fights with these creatures there is little to nothing you can do to avoid their attacks. You just sit there taking hits and whoever dies first loses. This makes the mechanics seem a bit pointless and makes the fights lose the unique feelings they should have. For example the Kraken will have a red circle where its tentacle is about to hit and after a second or two it hits, but the ships are so slow you usually cant do anything to avoid it anyway.Smoke shells should only reduce accuracyinstead of making you completely miss every shot.Artifact mechanics are kind of annoying.I feel like the whole system needs to be rebalanced in some way. In each fight the enemies appear to endlessly use artifact (and you could be facing multiple enemies) whereas you only get to use it a couple of times until you have depleted all your energy. The only way to recover energy while in combat is to use a special cannonbal that is very expensive.The combat does not succed in making you feel like you're in the action enough.The biggest issue I have with the game is the wind and generally just how slow it the ships feel.If this one thing were changed I believe it would be much more enjoyable. Yes I know, ships in this setting are supposed to be slow but this is just an action RPG video game about pirates so if realism gets in the way of fun then why bother keeping it?This is still an alright game and very fun to play with friends but I would not recommend paying full price for it in its current state. I will try to update this review as I see fit. If the combat is made more interesting then I would be glad to change this to a positive review. From what I have seen the developers seem to still be working on this game and communicate with players so it is not completely abandoned."
76561198201668279,Recommended,418180,32489694,Posted: 16 June,all,Ve1ington,Fun for a while but needs more depth and story. It also wouldnt hurt to add more to the game like actually visiting the towns and being able to embark off the ship and such. But then again it is a cheap indie game. 8/10 would recommend for ship battles
76561198356773955,Recommended,418180,32845779,Posted: 27 June,all,lirono,"this game reminds me alot of age of pirates, naval action and ac: black flag in a few ways.the ships:-theres quite a large amount of ships in the game, some ships even come in different sizes with more cannons or more speed so you gotta make sure to learn the ships a little bit before you decide which ones you can easily engage and which you gotta run for, but i still want to see more ships added in the future tho as i feel like there are a few missing.-you can actually upgrade the ship in a large viarity aswell.-the ships look decent and damage stays at the spot where it got hit nomatter where you go.the map:-it looks quite small at the start.-if you wish to you can just sail in real time towards your destination and engage ships on your way like in assasins creed black flag which i'm super happy about.ways to get from A to B:-you can either choose to use fast travel or you can just sail in real time and sail in the open worldthe AI:-the AI is.. well.. it's not good but also not bad, maybe needs improvements when it comes to behaviour and when to engage and when to run. combat itself they are actually quite good.graphics:-the graphics don't look that great but i think the main focus goes clearly into making the gameplay great so kudos to that.score and final note:i actually enjoy the game, i would especially recommend this to people who liked the age of pirate series, but keep in mind this game is probably not for everyone, you need patience and a bit of strategy to kinda not end up with a tiny ship and no crew because you cannot afford to pay their salery.overall i would rate this game 7.2/10 for what it is right now, it just needs a bit of fixing and a bit of polish but other than that it's a awesome game.keep up the awesome work developer(s) :)review may change in the future."
76561198092741421,Recommended,418180,30564840,Posted: 17 March,all,Bloodypaws,Looking forward to additional maps as well as ships and more options for the returners to be a faction with more interactions!
76561197971437516,Recommended,418180,34623486,Posted: 30 August,all,[30+]Linus,"If you want an easy to begin and easy to immerse yourself in a seafairing (third person ship's view) game that allows you to enter ports, buy, sell, refit, supply, run the ocean, explore and combat other AI, the single player version side of Tempest is a great game for the price. The navigation and combat interface is easy and intuitive with just enough control without being too complicatiod. The graphics are pretty decent too. My wish is that they would develop it into a deeper, more complex game."
76561197977795368,Recommended,418180,34927535,Posted: 13 September,all,VaygrEmpire,"10/10Game doesn't feel fun until you get your hands on Frigate I. Until then, the game is pretty hard to adapt. Tutorial doesn't explain everything and sea monsters are pain to deal with. Enemy ships/Allied ships attacking me while I'm boarding on enemy ship is also extremely unfair. It's cool that what's happening outside your boarding fight is actually real time, but when that interferes with you capturing enemy ship, it SUCKS.However, once you get your Frigate I (trophy or not), you are open to pretty much anything you want to do. You are tanky enough to take some damage, you have enough firepower to deal with stronger ships than you, and you have maneuverability to avoid enemy fires/spells.Warning though. I got my first Frigate I (captured ship) when I spent 8 hours into this game. Some quests are hard to proceed with your low level ships and the game doesn't even explain if you are on low level ship or doing low level quest. Once you get your Frigate I, time does fly really fast. I'm now on Battleship I (captured) and the game is just so fun.If this game can become open world MMORPG with one server (and no fast traveling), this will be THE best pirate game to play in the world."
76561198117459331,Recommended,418180,33550247,Posted: 14 July,all,beergutbob,"I like this game. This is my first review of a game on Steam. If you like Age of Sail combat games, this game is a game you should like. I have read bad comments about earning gold in this game. I can't say I am rolling in gold but if you enter battles with just ""Pirates"" you fight only one ship and can usually win getting a good amount of gold. It can be a grind but a grind I like with fun ship to ship combat. Soon after that you will find yourself entering harder combats and doing well. (provided you've upgraded) I think game progression is fair. I have not tried the multiplayer part so no comment on that."
76561197989974926,Not Recommended,418180,34662007,Posted: 1 September,all,LunchBox0311,"The game is  pretty over simplified. Its fun for a while, but there just isn't enough immersion to keep me playing. Its pretty much a point and click game with a few things added for PC like simple keyboard commands to steer the ship. I got it on sale for $6.74, so there's nothing to complain about really. I got what I paid for. I would recommend this game for kids or someone playing on a mobile device, but not for someone looking for an open world naval rpg, as this game is advertised. Because of that, I have to give it a thumbs down."
76561198370375711,Recommended,418180,33624794,Posted: 18 July,all,r.pasheek,Gorgeous graphics the game is amazing takes a little bit to get used to controls but once you do man you could not ask for a more complex yet enjoyable naval combat game
76561198033980480,Recommended,418180,19551298,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Eudas,"Surprisingly polished for an early access game. Could use a combat tutorial, but it's not too difficult to figure out.I'm enjoying it."
76561198024198049,Recommended,418180,25366863,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Nicholas,The only good naval/pirate game to come out since Sid Meier's Pirates
,Recommended,418180,25709284,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Conker The Cat,"I really like this game. Its deep in lore, and has challenging missions.ProsTons of missionsTons of loreLots of sea monstersHuge mapsConsOnline is currently limtied to 3 players (needs at least 16 to 32)The chat sometimes turns random English words into Russian (very annoying)No server list (you join by random)Some current bugs with false online user listPVP boarding is a tad bit bugged sometimes, and may cause you to auto sink when you dont want to board."
76561198153795710,Recommended,418180,25082430,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,FafnirChaos,The pirate game i've been waiting for.. it can run on my toaster.
76561198061664691,Recommended,418180,32263290,Posted: 8 June,all,RayKoryu,"Finished tutorial, started playing for real, was on the 1st mission, sailing for the port that i needed to go to.Got destroyed by Leviathan.Leviathan/10."
76561197992696575,Recommended,418180,19898164,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Mage177,"Soilid battle mechnics and interesting economy. I am for sure looking forward to the full game. even as is, it is a very good game and im quite suprised in the small download needed for such graphics and such"
76561198150920894,Recommended,418180,33328104,Posted: 6 July,all,DualMania,Take forever to get to places (especiallyif you have the battleship II). Combat is funIand you can also enjoy the time with friends.Crew is quite a pain because you have pay them.I have a Frigate II and I'm enjoying it.8/10
,Recommended,418180,24544676,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,almo,"God I love this game. I suck at writing reviews, so this will be somewhat short.For an early access game, I feel it's quite polished. I have only encountered one minor bug which I easily fixed.The bug was that I had an extra sail in my inventory that I couldn't sell. I removed all the sails from my ship and tried to sell one, which sold all of them while only giving me money for the one. Weird, but it only happened that one time.It's a naval combat game. It revolves around naval combat. That is all you do. It can get very repetitive, so either balance your playtime or take longer breaks from the game if you get tired.There are 8 factions. Each faction has 10 quests. There are also quite a few random quests. It's not a huge amount of content, but it's kept me occupied for about 70 hours as of the time I'm writing this.There are of course other things you can do than naval combat, but that's the meat of the game.There is a decent variety of ships. I think I have the biggest one as of right now; Queen (Battleship II).There are loads of upgrades you can buy, like canons, sails, artifacts etc... that have different stats and will allow for different play styles.You can also board enemy ships, which requires that you use bar shot cannon balls to destroy the enemy ship's sails, and it is recommended to use shrapnel to damage their crew. I don't do this a lot as it takes longer time, but it's fun from time to time.Would be cool if you could have your own fleet, but you often have AI allied ships. If you go into combat with a flag from either side, that side will be your ally.I would like to see more quests, more ships, more upgrades and customization, larger fleets, 3/4 factions battles, etc... and I'm sure there will be more of this as the development continues.However, I'm very happy with where the game is right now."
76561198030176336,Recommended,418180,20059314,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,The-Dandy-lion,"I have almost 8 hours on this game not the most but, if your a fan of sid meirs I can tell you that you will be right at home although there are differences between the two, this game is fantastic none the less.For its price and amount of content as of early access I can say this game has a lot of potential and I look forward to the future of this game.I wont lie theres things I don't like but its early access (More will be added, and more will change!) and the devs really do listen and implement ideas from the community which is a 10/10 right there by its self.""What ARRRR ye wating for ye Landlubber!"""
76561197993518606,Recommended,418180,26225224,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Khaos,"It reminds me of Sid Meier's Pirates without the silly dancing/romance mini-game and without the time limit,  Just alot of naval battles and legendary beasties thrown in for added fun!  Many factions in the game along with faction quests; open up more as you rise in the faction.  Many of the quests are repeatable, so there is a degree of repitition.  There are currently 3 maps/zones to explore.I find Tempest to be a fun, action packed little game.Oh, not one crash in 38 hours on Windows 10, so it runs fine.  Other than a few spelling and grammatical errors in quest dialogues, I have yet to find ""world crashing down around me, we're all going to die!"" bugs and glitches."
76561198006507317,Recommended,418180,25158969,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Rad,This is the most Pirate fun I've had since I played the -Bleep- out of the original Sid Meyer's Pirates on my Commodore 64 as a kid. To be able to share the experience with friends in Coop is just icing on the cake.
76561198009719147,Recommended,418180,32660604,Posted: 22 June,all,CSA FD,"while fair, as far as the sailing, battles, and maps, the ports leave something to be desired. i like Age of Pirates Carribean Tales, City of Abandoned Ships, Sea Dogs, and Sea Dogs to Each his Own, better. the Graphics in Tempest is good, and the so far story line is fair, but I'll stick to Sea Dogs/Age of Pirates instead."
76561197970860897,Recommended,418180,21756511,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Custer701,I've only played a couple hours or so But I think it's safe to say this is one of those rare early access titles that as opposed to telling everyone to wait for it to become available at a discount...go ahead and buy it now. This guy deserves it and He's working his♥♥♥♥♥off and actually listening to us. Delightful graphical style...SEA MONSTERS!...could use some balancing in regards to buying and upgrading Your vessel...But all in all a lot of fun.  Very good for early access!
76561198070866422,Recommended,418180,19757351,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,FGMajere42,"Very interesting concept, simple intuitive gameplay.This being said it clearly still needs some polishing. It's definetely a gem in the making, for now it's still a bit too rough to shine properly, but it's obvious how beautiful it will be once it's finished.Some parts of it are a bit confusing at times, but it's overall pretty clear and simple. Otherwise the map needs to be expanded and I can't wait to get more missions and ships."
76561197991230661,Not Recommended,418180,26446303,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,DeAurion,"A friend and I bought this game to play multiplayer and had a properly horrible experience. This is a half-finished game and it should not be sold as a completed product. We did not try the single-player mode but my understanding is that there is no difference other than being alone on the map rather than with multiple players.The game does have a tutorial to introduce you to the game, however it is woefully inadequate and leaves out some of the major mechanics of the game. This, in addition to the game not having ANY tooltips or visual indications on key objects makes for a rough experience. Or a steep learning curve if you wish. For example, it is not possible to determine the rewards of a quest, the difficulty of the same or the consequence of attacking an enemy or accepting “an encounter” until it is all over and done and you are presented with the result. Like your sunk ship or the loss/gain of reputation and/or resources.Furthermore, views and panels such as reputation, open quests or owned assets are only available under certain conditions leaving you wondering and chasing back and forth looking for the information you would expect to be easily and continuously available at your leisure.All this might have been overlooked if the game, once you become familiar with it worked reliably and was fun. It does not and is not. We suffered from already completed quest being offered repeatedly and if accepted promptly breaking, leaving you with no chance to complete or get rid of them. Quest events related to completed quests (quest reward collected and no longer in quest log) did not stop triggering causing all kinds of ridiculous situations where the game either became trivial, or impossibly hard at random.And the only way to recover when you eventually succumb to the bugs and unfortunate mechanics is to go into “settings” (yes, where you change resolution and sound volume) and find a button labelled “reset game progress” which will allow you to start over. It took quite some time to find this misplaced function.As if that was not enough, we were repeatedly disconnected without warning or indication other than that we eventually noticed we could no longer see each other on the world map.So, the final verdict is: If you want a “Ships and Pirates” game, you should go for something else. E.g. “Port Royal 3” that even with its own short comings and faults works as intended, is enjoyable and reliable. This is a poor experience that will leave you unsatisfied and annoyed.“No, No, No!” to quote a phrase.Best regards,DeAurion"
,Recommended,418180,33241463,Posted: 4 July,all,[MKN] rUzSiAnJeSuZ,For the price of $7.49 on a sale this game is a must if your into that sort of old school ship combat.Its like they took the core elements from black flag into this game and I love it!
76561198062570708,Recommended,418180,21041119,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Kuchenmampf,"Great Game! it needs a bit more of ""this"" and ""that"" but hey, its early acess. sometimes npc's are a bit too easy to defeat ( ""AI"" is more ""A"" than ""I"") and it needs more encounters with other players, but this will come in time i think."
,Recommended,418180,26331585,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Pigbull320,"Sinking simulator -2016You play as a ship in this game of romance, you have been seperated from your beloved anchor and must go on a qeust to be reunited with your loved one.You will see many things along the way, cannons, bigger ships, and angry pirates. And along the way these things will get much bigger as they get closer and closer.The game is pretty big and theres no way i'm going to beat it with less than 30+ hours of playtime.It''s qeusts on top of qeusts after qeusts. You are a boat with angry sailors running around your mass.Opposed to what the comments state, boarding and moral are not broken and work fine. You have to weaken the enemy crew up and poision them before boarding as to make it easier. The game does not get immposibly hard either.You can either play as a merchant and give your pirates 200 coins everytime they get pissy from you not fighting or you can be a pirate and plunder ships. It's exactly like Assasins creed: Black Flag.One of my problems with the game is you can repeat the same qeust 20 times and you can shoot thru other boats and rocks.I get shot from other boats sides while i'm behind them, there cannon balls just matrix over to me. Also aiming doesn't really matter as long as they are somewhere in your little line of veiw you can hit them. You also can't aim up or down so when taking out a tower all you have to do is shoot the water below them, they magicaly teliport before hitting the ground.Also this one time I was just outside of range of this fort when this enemy ship rips my sails apart so I can't move. I end up sinking the ship but was stuck right outside the forsts range. I was stuck there for about 30 minutes doing nothing. Luckily I was online and someone came and put me out of my misiry.Also another thing I dislike is NO ONE IS ONLINE. It always says failed to join game, creating game. Then no one ever joins. One time have I ever been in a game."
76561198035036497,Recommended,418180,28679967,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Hapax Legomenon,"The game is good, pretty fun except for the boarding mechanics. They are very boring, very frustrating,  long periods of time where you have to stare at your screen while the little people slowly shoot each other, the rewards are not easy to understand.The game is fun but the boarding sucks out the fun of this game so hard. The annoying thing is that boarding is required to finish some quests, so expect to be frustrated, bored and annoyed way more that you should.Other bad thing is that you have to keep cicling around the quest area so you can do the quest. You have a lot of random events that pop up everywhere and dont let you do the quests.Now, the good: The naval combat is pretty fun, and 80% of the time this is what you are doing! Is pretty cool to get your ship at the right angle, shoot, wait or turn 180 and shoot again depending on your boat.Boat customization is fun.So I would recomend this game, but only if you really want to play a age of sails naval combat game. Otherwise you wont be able to endure the terrible boarding mini game and the random events."
76561198069025519,Recommended,418180,19573412,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Alex,"Extremely fun game if you're ever bored, great to just pick up and play for a while, the beggining can be a little tough if you go guns blazing balls deep, once you realise how you should be playing, and the best way to go about playing the game you're going to have a lot of fun however, highly reccomend!"
76561198283217663,Recommended,418180,30612818,Posted: 19 March,all,ray_rockwood,"This game is a lot of mindless fun.  It has a lot of depth and the ship combat is easy to learn.  There is a lot of other things that aren't really described in the tutorial, but if you pay attention and read every thing you'll get it down.  If it's on sale and you love pirate stuff then this is a definite purchase."
,Recommended,418180,21516654,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Carvalho-GT,"The game is in development, but its story and game mode is very interesting, in my opinion is much more interesting than the game Caribbean for example, as the Tempest as well as being light and fun is a game that promises to be even better.Fun: 8Graphics: 8.5Gameplay: 7.5Sound: 6"
76561198098819030,Recommended,418180,25102276,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Tunesmith,"Many of the early access reviews made me wary of this game but I decided to give it a fair try when it officially left that stage of development.I am not disappointed. For its price, Tempest is a solid game. I'm only a few hours in and I can already see myself losing many more on the high seas.It has its bugs and hiccups, but so far nothing drastic has happened and I'm completely satisfied with my purchase."
76561198137066244,Recommended,418180,24375155,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,casmith,"Oh my goodness, what a great game! Addition of the wind makes all the difference. Maneuvering on the water feels real. Graphics are amazing. There is a lot of strategy and even role playing in the game. I am looking forward to future updates, but happy with the product I just purchased. (running flawlessly on an iMac running El Capitan version 10.11.5)"
76561198256772064,Recommended,418180,34762064,Posted: 5 September,all,Rogue Wolf Studios,"Pretty good game, fun, enjoyable and one hell of a blast. Does have a decent learining Curve, tutorial really doesn't touch up on stuff you should know. I do have some tips for new players.-Buy a pistol, boarding is impossible without it.-Use Shrapnel to weaken enemy crew for boarding.-keep sails and cannons at 120% Effeciancy NO MATTER WHAT!-use rusty cannonballs/barshot/shrapnel, will save money in the end.-dont become hated by a faction too much, they will refuse trade if so.-Trade Coalition offers best loot, always attack them even if outnumbered.-recomend Xebec (starter ship) for fast but weak.-Bark (20,000 Gold) for Medium Speed and medium amount of cannons-Battleship II (100,000 Gold) for slow speed but MASSIVE amount of cannons=DAMAGE!-SAVE MONEY! Don't buy what isnt needed!"
76561198030714003,Recommended,418180,21191414,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,RoQe,"WARNING: this review is purely subjective and therefor my opinion.only got a few hours in so far, but the controlls feel nice, even on other ships. smooth gameplay, loads of map interactions, factions involved with reputation, so on. Even different types of ammo! for the downside, it takes a while to get going, you need high efficiency for the smooth feel and the right set up on each ship to make it worth it, sometimes factions may interfere with missions costing a bit more coin than expected. Further I do miss a bit of the online aspect but hey, its a SP game so I'll rate it like that :) NPC do not follow a clear pattern for as far as I can tell as of yet, making every fight different.main downsides: switching ships is expensive for the early game, but you get assassination fleets after you rather quik. its all somewhat arena like based, I would like to see a bit more open world (every map is technically open world but its centered around an island, even when not mapped)overall, a nice game to pick up and casually play, 8/10 but I do recommend buying it at a discounted price if you can :)"
76561198076595769,Recommended,418180,25376194,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,crmatel,"Pretty fun little pirate game.  There is a lot to like and it seems like the developer is tinkering to make it better.  I would recommended looking at the guides available on Steam; the game has a little learning curve.  I havent played multiplayer, but the single player, open world is amazingly detailed--sun and moon constantly change.  You can sail by the stars.  Overall very cool.  Looing forward to updates as time progresses"
76561198055447329,Recommended,418180,22363525,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,BearfootBoarder,"This game is absolutely amazing. It's everything I've ever wanted in a game. and since the new update, it's become so passive that I can point my ship in any direction, let her go, then pick up a book. Every ten minutes or so I'll happen upon a pirate or a sea monster. I put the book down, dispatch the threat, and continue on my way. This game's immursion is amazing  despite it's realitve slowness."
76561198011362047,Recommended,418180,30397873,Posted: 8 March,all,danny_poppe,"Got this game love it. the update they just did made it complete with sword duels ,  boarding is really nice ad's even more to a great game for pirate fans. i watch Black sails and its as close to that as your going to get in a game format. worth every penny and for $ 7 and change well enough said."
76561198102556466,Recommended,418180,22806864,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,A White Rabbit,"My first ship game was tradewind, and i wonder if there is a game that offer a real battle when un battle. I found this game and very interesting. with a-Awesome graphic-Cool pirate/can imagine like PoC-Enjoy battle system.Have Black Pearl n Flying Dutchman and not forget Kraken in action xD"
,Recommended,418180,24847449,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,chuqubaka,a nice a casual sailing game i strongly recommend this gempros-you can choose ur aliance btween 8 faction-you can choose more thn 1 faction-you can choose open world or non-open world(you click on a map 2 go where u want 2 go)-alot of quest-you will have 2 search for your mats its not a headsmashing on your keyboard and voila you have evrything-multiplayer!!-legendary battle and sea monster-the flying dutchman ..nuf said-the devs listen to the player which is pretty rare-awesome graphic for the size of the gamecons-the battle r kinda 2 ez i play on hard and sometimes i get bored-the repair cost is cheap i know for most of us its a pros but not for me-no tutorial-you cant choose a server its random-still in early access but full realess coming soon(22 august 2016)
76561198030245978,Recommended,418180,23662323,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,BrowncoatTrekky,"I was really in the mood for a pirate game. I bought this one along with a few others. I returned this one as I recall, played the others, realised how bad they were, returned the others, and bought this one again. This was one of hell of a successful rereturn.A decent computer these days can allow you to play this game while streaming the Pirates of the Caribbean trilogy, hell even Stranger Tides if you want to, though not sure why. Pirates of the Caribbean movie critiques aside, the developers of this game are doing their very best to immerse you in a Pirate fantasy. I say 'doing' because this game is most impressive for an Early Access. It is rare for me to experience game developers that are eager to provide support for their consumers (especially at the drop of the hat as has been the case for me). Discussion boards are also lit up with fellow buccaneers who do their best to help out one another. But beware! ... score an opportunity to join a random multiplayer game where users can battle one another and those same helpful buccaneers will turn on your scurvy behind while AI enemy ships simultaneously spray poisonous cannonballs over your bow.To sum up: Helpful game developers, the backing of a growing community, best graphics bang for low memory [bucks], and above average gameplay comparitive with the sticker price. I hope you will enjoy this game as much as I am."
,Recommended,418180,28185554,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,i_porter,"Naval battle is fierce and enjoyable. You can freely upgrade the ships the style you prefer, Be a charger or Moving fortress, it's totally up to you. Single player experience can be quite exhausting as you are keep completing repetitive quests. But what keeps me alive is my ambition to collect all models of battleships. You can taking enemies' ships over as a prize after defeating their crews on board. This is very satisfying. Of course, I prefer joining my friends rather than playing alone.Besides battle, there are also elements of basic crew arrangment,trading,politics,looting,discovery. None of these are intensive so it's very easy for every one to pick up.I hope the UI can be improved as it's confusing to newbies, once you get use to it, you will be addicted to the naval battle."
76561198030757141,Recommended,418180,32901693,Posted: 27 June,all,Dirty Steve,"Loads of fun, pirates, privateers, monsers, quests, and plenty of rum!"
,Recommended,418180,35290538,Posted: 29 September,all,Flanelman,"Gameplay is fun, easy to get to grips with and the quests are actually quite good. It gets a bit repetitive after a while but I got it cheaper than steam... ;) and I feel like I got my moneys worth for sure."
76561198186494210,Recommended,418180,33080582,Posted: 1 July,all,Пешка,"A surprisingly detailed, indie 3D RPG adventure game with many skills and ships to unlock, but progress can be slow and repetitive sometimes."
,Recommended,418180,21445934,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Technical Difficulties,Gr8 game. cant wait to see it finished!
76561198060447881,Recommended,418180,25137768,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,MarineCHF,I have no idea how this one passed me by but im gald I found it. Awesome game!!!
76561198017560798,Recommended,418180,22225304,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,seahorse.16,"I would but there needs to be a clearer interface.  Loved the battle, but couldn't see what I needed to do, I wasn't sure how much damage I was doing to the treacherous pirates, but couldn't see what damage they were doing to my ship?  However I did use my chainshot before going in for the kill.  They had sharpshooters, but I didn't, tried, to board but couldn't - it's a great idea but the details need to be clearer and stronger.  Camera and ship were moving to quickly for me, but managed to outmanouvre them.  Fab idea, but need to understand the detail of how to use the items on board to do running repairs and how to repair when I am in the harbour.  There also needs to be more information in relation to what each pirate can do at each level??  Look at Tortuga and Tropico 2 and I need to be able to locate the carpenters, shipwrights, armourers etc in order to get the repairs and upgrade the equipment.I hope that makes sense or is helpful?  Love the game concept.  Found the grappling hooks!!!"
,Recommended,418180,23024385,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Iron Kurgan,"This is a phenomenal pirate game. For anyone who really enjoyed Sid Meier's Pirates but wished there was more, this is the game for you. A lot of other reviews say the ships feel good to sail, and they're right. They handle smoothly and wind does make a significant impact now (I imagine in the past it didnt, I've read complaints). Ship to Ship combat is fun, once you have a steady stream of income the exotic shots become much more important. Artifacts are a nice wild-card for these engagements too. They may become formulaic in how they start (Couple ships off port bow, couple ships off starboard) the fights never get routine unless you're sticking to pirating trade routes.There is hardly any tutorial to speak of, and the quest system is a mess that has a bad habit of stealing ~5000 gold pieces to buy important quest items without my consent, but I would still highly recommend this to people that are comfortable playing open ended games, where your next prize is a significant upgrade to your ship."
76561198084011031,Recommended,418180,21174791,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Jokawild2000,"So far so good, i suppose. im 7 hours in and it seems like the game as totally grinded to a halt for me. i still need to learn about the weapon slot upgrades and the ships... ability? magic gem? idk theres almost no interface aside from it telling you how to control the ship and that you have♥♥♥♥♥♥to buy/sell. it shows promise i think but the difficulty curve so far seems steep. i went from being a fairly capable privateer stomping pirates (which i still do) but i also dont stand a damn chance against a certain sea creature i need to defeat for a quest. though now that i have a much better ship ill have to give it another go. another thing is the reward/punishment system is really skewed, sometimes its hard to actually make money what with having to buy cannonballs and meds and stuff, and when you get sunk you lose a TON of stuff that takes forever to get back.This game sort of gives me the impression that it was meant to be a pay to win type game, but isnt. Alot of things are really expensive and i find im still floating around in the plain white undies you start with because i need to spend my money on functional items instead of cosmetics.anyway really cool game so far i would recomend it (even if it doesnt sound like i would) its got a really cool atmosphere, the game play is pretty solid, the questline(s) are really unique compaired to most other genres, ship/crew management system is fairly simple to understand (even with limited interface explaining some things you may not get right away).would really like to see this balanced out a little and come to be a reall nice well rounded title with lots more game play to come (also a multiplayer would be cool, online pvp, private servers, and LAN games)AND it needs a wiki page"
76561198031195290,Recommended,418180,22197022,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Yggdrasil,"I've never written a review for an early access game before, but this one has really impressed me. It's already sucked me in with good game play, good graphics, and a fun storyline. If you ever enjoyed the old Sid Meier's Pirate's Gold but wished that game was updated for today, I think you'd like this one. You can zoom all the way in to standing behind the ship's wheel, The rough ocean and the stormy sky give it great atmosphere. You can almost feel the salt water slapping your face as you hit the waves. The sea battles have been fun. My ship got pretty battered and I  got sunk a couple of times in the first thirty minutes of play until I figured out what to do. You can upgrade your crew, your ship, and repair damages after sea battles. It's still in early access, but it's definitely worth the money."
76561198087697953,Recommended,418180,31163272,Posted: 15 April,all,beyondthesea777,"Its certainly not perfect, but its decent. Some quests got messed up to the point where they still show up but I dont seem to be able to complete them and cant restart them. A few more examples of imperfection I could share, but if you get it on sale I'd say its worth playing :)"
76561198052971534,Recommended,418180,22126697,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,kevin398_727,"Tempest is a decent fighting game made around ancient sailing ships. It has good detail, the ships look good and the fight scenes are OK, if not a little too fast for sailing ships.  But overall its worth the price if you like seas, sailing or old fashioned pirating on the seas, you'll find something about it you'll like."
76561198059803308,Recommended,418180,22858350,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Bilby,"Its far from finished, but shows a lot of potential for a new game like this. The fact that the game runs so well on an average computer at a very high quality shows that the developers know how to optimize for the best gameplay, and clearly know what theyre doing in the long run. I hope that adding ports where you can actually get off your ship and walk around will be added, its what I expect from this kind of game and sailing around gets a little repetetive. Despite listing the flaws first I HIGHLY RECCOMEND this game as I believe it will be a great buy in the long run. Even now, the world is HUGE and theres plenty of quests to keep you busy in the beginning. I only hope that they will continue to add to the game and add a story as quests right from the beginning are just a little confusing to follow when you dont know anything, i was totally lost first going into the game. Add some cut scenes maybe ? The pirate models are already there so I dont think it would be hard to add :)With what the game currently has, I would rate it 5/10. Its not great yet and I'm probably going to wait for an update before I play again, but it has a lot of potential to become a 10/10!"
76561197972309657,Recommended,418180,22572132,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,JollyRogerV,Great pirate game - simple and easy to play and very addictive.  worth the money.   Lots more quests with next map please :)
,Recommended,418180,25267154,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Michael X the White,"For those of us who were fans of Sid Meier's Pirates, after so long, this game is a great surprise!"
,Recommended,418180,23817478,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Calico-Jack,"I readthisnegative view and it actually did more to convince me to get this game, specifically when it said -""Nothing simple about any of the mechanics. Too much detail in what you have to worry about what the ship is doing. You have cannon degrees. You have placement of each individual sailors in whatever position you want maximized. ""I love this game - the combat is very satisfying - while it's still an early access the main concept shines through and it is definately a winner.I love the wild brooding seas that this is set on - you can fast travel but the game is clearly designed for you to sail in - you have no compass as such, but combine the captain's mini mao with the disrinct landmarks and you can really get the feeling of what it would be like to ""be"" in that place and time."
76561198161465452,Recommended,418180,19652333,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Stupid Saudi,"I have only played about an hour, but i have gotten to see what the game is like. The controls are easy and so is the combat. That being said the game doesnt help you at all and most of the time you have to get 2000 bucks to do some stupid mission that does nothing for you. In the end it needs some work, but I think it is a good game to check out."
,Recommended,418180,19639726,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,StormSad,"Spent all my money trying to figure out how training and repairs work, ended up with 0 gold and 0 cannon balls. No restart, couldn't figure out any way out of this situation.10/10, would retire from being a pirate broke and penniless after a short career again."
76561198006322835,Not Recommended,418180,26311382,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,ranig,This game is unplayable. You can't play as you are always hammered with Pirates attacks and pirates raids. This is ridiculous.  You can't properly trade or complete missions. You are constantly attacked without a break. Graphics are great but gameplay is.....seriously bad! It is not Worth the money.
,Not Recommended,418180,34382457,Posted: 20 August,all,Internalized Oppression,When I realized this was a tablet game things started making sense. Its an alright game but i was expecting more.
,Not Recommended,418180,26174882,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,The Emperor,"I would not recommend this game. It keeps you in for about 3 hours, just long enough so you can't refund it. The thing is, is that the A.I. and battling methods of the game go way too far up after your time. This makes the game unfun and hard.Update- I've played it again earlier this week upon update, but it's still the worse ship game I've ever played."
,Not Recommended,418180,28142033,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Xero,"Avoid this game. They're bad at updating and will wipe your saves. That and the fact they figure the best way to add difficulty is to make it so you can't make money. If you don't have the best of the best, you're losing money with each volley of cannonballs. Ontop of that you have to pay wages, while still barely able to afford ammo. And if you avoid battles for any reason, you lose crew morale.So basically this game is trying to kill itself as quickly as possible, so don't bother getting it. It used to be fun before they decided tediousness is best challenge.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=731515719"
76561198039663249,Not Recommended,418180,19536562,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,msp.2004,"Pros / Cons of gamePros:Very easy to playOpen worldEasy QuestsVisual Customization but thats all it is, there is no bonus to changing your ships appearance.Cons:Very limited upgrades for your shipShip speed is either on or off nothing in betweenGrinding gets very boringAI ""allied ships"" have a tendency to ram your ship which is frustratingConstantly readjusting the camera in battle mode so you can see whats going on, not only that but when you have a critical hit the camera zooms in on the cannon balls, but the game does not slow down or pause.  Its kinda like ""yay I got a good shot in, but oh crap I can't see where I am going. Crash!""No trading, all goods in every port are the exact same price.  Basically the only things you need to buy are bandages to heal your wounded and cannon balls.3.9 hours in and I am already boredPersonally I would say don't waste your time and money with this one.  It was entertaining for the first 2 hours and then it went downhill.  It is not that I am giving this a total thumbs down, but there are much better games in the same genre out there."
76561198066117282,Recommended,418180,30367623,Posted: 6 March,all,marcusb1976,"Awesome, I like it, Tempest feels like a great Piret game with great ship combat, and great trading, buying system, along with a great ship and crew development. Game play and solid Gprahics are solid enough to enjoy, along with the sound effects, and sound track.I give this game an 8.5"
76561197964298050,Recommended,418180,31341983,Posted: 24 April,all,RWERWQRWQ,"Gotta say, I do love the game. There aren't many good pirate games out there which is the reason why I bought this game. Runs incredebly smooth."
76561197963453473,Recommended,418180,31363131,Posted: 25 April,all,asshole,"This is as good as Assassin's Creed Black Flag. It's the best pirate game I've ever played! The amount of costumization needs a little work, though, along with the amount of weapons. I'll give it 8.5/10."
,Recommended,418180,19597649,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Synnercy,"I enjoy this game. Its a good EA game IMO.Seen some negatives and several people mentioned being stuck in the slow motion looking view (people playing will know what I mean) to the point just click/drag right mouse click and you will be back to normal instantly.Also I seen someone mention about not being able to do anything because they had no money. I've had 0 gold several times all I did was join battles and let other ships destroy the other ones loot the crates from them and the ones on the map. You can still ram ships when you have no ammo as well. However I am not sure if you happen to not have gold when you are not max in crew members as the port will not let you leave.So to prevent this risk. You can pre purchase crew members and have them left in the tavern on an island (drag them to top floor instead of your ship). After a battle, click on the ship icon in open sea and check your crew. If your below an have no gold then go back to the island you have pre purchased crew and youre set.Also I have to agree that a save/load function + being able to have several profiles is a must have soon. (Would had saved me before because I got distracted when I was selling some loot and accidently bought around 4 thousand gold worth of guns)It is somewhat grindy and after what happened above I just didnt want to look at the game for awhile.Dispite the few complaints I said I do enjoy the game and I will be playing in future still. There is several well detailed reviews already if youre looking for more information on pro's n cons or in general.Good luck"
76561197991286141,Recommended,418180,19879534,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,mwormell,Great game so far.Cant wait for more content
76561198202515799,Recommended,418180,20129180,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,pcwiz1985,i have a hard time getting gold u dont make enough gold to buy exter ammo
,Recommended,418180,20280116,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Crystal Rose,"Love this game. With adventure on the high seas, treasures to find, quests to proform and Pirates,...Ya can't go wrong! If you're just starting out, budget well, 'cause everything is very expensive. Manage and train your crew  and customizing your ship. There's only one drawback to this game that I've found. The sea, though very  realistic, is way too much. You can only control the color of the sea from light, medium to very dark. With that said, it's still a great game to have in your collection."
,Recommended,418180,25183650,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Cpt. Wilco,"its a real fun game, but has a few issues. im not going to state them because they are so little they dont take away the fun of this game.this has the naval combat of assasins creed 4 black flag, with extra trading options.all and all worth every cent spent on it."
76561198099224979,Recommended,418180,25136203,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,♔PH_NillyChipples♔,"In Tempest you play as a pirate ship captain whose beautiful boat was viciously attacked and sunk by a giant sea creature...thing. Everyone thinks you’ve been into too many barrels of grog but you swear it was a giant, tentacled sea creature and you’re determined to hunt it down and claim revenge! Now that you have a new ship, all you need to do is pick up some of your stray crew and maybe plunder some shipping routes or fortresses along the way. You are a pirate afteral and cannonballs aren't cheap!The mechanics for Tempest are a lot of fun but challenging to start. You navigate on an old map by clicking the area or town you want to go to. Some towns are just little ports that carry the basic equipment and allow you to repair any damage to your vessel. Others are huge trading mechas where you might get better weapons or hear a piece of gossip on the creature you’re hunting down. As you travel from town to town you will have the opportunity to engage in ship battles. You can attack merchants, repel invaders, or assist in other raids. Who you attack will allow you to gain or lose reputation points with the various factions scattered across the map.The sea battles are the main focus of this game. Like the sea battles in Windward your aim is to line your enemy up with your cannon banks on your ship's sides to fire while dodging their canons. Different ammunitions target different parts of a ship and provide different benefits. If the ship you’re facing is more maneuverable or faster than you you might want to use a chain shot to destroy its sails. If you intend to board the ship then heartlessly killing off its crew with poison or shrapnel shots will make a hostile takeover much easier. And if you prefer to just sink your enemies then a good old cannonball will do the trick. These friendly exchanges of bits of metal happen while you and the enemy dance around rocks and sand banks that can do just as much damage to your ship as an enemy projectile, not to mention the occasional guard tower.Though the storyline is simple Tempest flows well and it’s obvious Lion’s Shade put a lot of love into this game. The graphics are surprisingly good though with some room for improvement. Your boat always looks like it’s going to sink at any moment because of the water effects running across your deck. Also. it seems that the instance weather effects are based on Scotland because it’s almost always raining! I would really love to see more ship upgrades because I could never seem to find much. The stores only sold what I already had and the ships I destroyed usually only dropped gold or sell-able stuff (not that I’m complaining). I love the fact that I don’t have to participate in the encounters if I don’t want to, I can leave or autofight if I want the booty but am feeling really really lazy.The creatures you can encounter in the deep seas are a fantastic addition. The camera shaking as the creature launches itself at your ship while you’re dodging enemy fire makes for a pretty wild ride.Multiple saves would also be nice because it’s very possible to find yourself in a position where you cannot afford repairs or more cannon balls. At that point you’re pretty much game over and need to start again.Overall, Tempest is off to a fantastic start and I can’t wait to see more content. Thumbs up Lion’s Shade for creating a great addition to one of my favorite genres."
76561198098130450,Recommended,418180,25284763,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,TurtleTurtle,"This game is a awesome sea fighting bucanneer adventure i love it. shame you can't go third person nd explore the towns nd cities more indepth would be epic nd explore the returners land seaching for relics etc etc?  but still a awesome game. 5 star \(^,^)/"
,Recommended,418180,25127067,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Octave,"*edit*Just finished a video on a review of my experience with the game. I really feel the video content is lacking on this game. Hope this helps!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=36KVRklnsjo*end edit*I just picked up this game, and I am having an okay time with it. I have not been overwhelmed by it thus far, and I might suggest waiting until it goes on sale. It seems it is not selling very well, and I imagine it will go on sale soon. I did not like that I could not find very much gameplay on Youtube about this game. This link shows the tutorial play through if anyone is interested (just to get a feel):https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hv6pK0cyUEsI will be updating this post as I go further. Hope this helps!"
,Recommended,418180,30450265,Posted: 11 March,all,[EH] Kodiak,"Really fun pirate game, with a strange fantasy twist to it. Quite enjoyable, and still being updated"
76561198056212111,Recommended,418180,34584853,Posted: 29 August,all,ziz'âpre,"When I was a kid, I used to play Pirates of Caribbean game. I loved the game that time. A little hesitation was all over me when I was thinking about purchasing this game, but I gladly made the right decision. Tempest is a great game for the people who obsessed with sea fights, /or pirate stuffs. Now, I am planning to play this game almost every night. I aware of the updates coming up regularly but I'd really like to see more character costumization in this game. The feature of making character would be great thing whatsoever. I recommend this game. Cheers."
,Recommended,418180,19578249,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Oddleaf,"Gameplay is sold but needs to have more instructions / tutorial as it is quiet confusing jumping into the game fresh. the aimming system need to be work on. I want the ablity to actually fire the weapon not just a indicator to tell that the ship is going to fire. Graphics are solid, looking forward to seeing whats next."
76561198045003226,Recommended,418180,21622443,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Jollygreenb,Am I the only one that has seen a striped kitten sitting on my shoulder in a port?
,Recommended,418180,21080797,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Potato,the game is ok
76561198018693598,Recommended,418180,25337145,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,AmorPatriae,"Learning curve on making money was a little challenging at first.  I bought a flag of a nation and would initiate fights next to that nations forts.  The fort would sink all the ships and I would collect the loot.  Make sure to sell the loot at towns with the red % next to them.  You get more money selling at them.  Then buy at towns with the green %, items are cheaper, but sell for less there.  I have been enjoying this game quite a bit.  The openness and the quests reminds me a lot of playing Mount and Blade.  The song even sounds similar.  Def recommend this game if you would like to do some good ole pirate ship battles."
76561198131702085,Not Recommended,418180,32715588,Posted: 24 June,all,ScarletBlossum,"If you are wanting to play this game for it's multiplayer, I recommend looking into what kind of multiplayer this game offers. At the time of this review, the multiplayer is crap."
76561198055416945,Recommended,418180,25219943,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Fly_369,"I love it so far, Its an extremely fun pirate game that isnt impossibly hard to play. Also It's able to be played by lower end gaming rigs and it still looks nice so thats a plus. all in all i give it an 8/10"
,Recommended,418180,30395166,Posted: 8 March,all,kappich,"I have wanted a game like this for years,very immersive and i had a huge smile on my face though my first 5 games. i cannot wait to play more!"
,Not Recommended,418180,34487704,Posted: 25 August,all,Lottas,"-Ship battle is good（except for cannon balls flying through objects）-Sail function is bad（poorly animated and messes up relation between wind direction and speed)-Flag mechanic is annoying-Quest system sucks (weak or even wrong  explanation, bugged condition trigger, no progress display, highly repetitive）-Enemy spawn mechanic both sucks and annoys-Price is raletively high"
76561198351640498,Recommended,418180,31668617,Posted: 10 May,all,vkuncevich,"Wide wide ocean, you are free to roam, kill and loot - but beware of sea monsters! Ahoy!"
76561198027055300,Not Recommended,418180,30382209,Posted: 7 March,all,MensIuguolo,"PROs:Amazing GraphicsControls that would realy make you feel on a tattered shipCute faction system and some freedom of choice.CONsVery little explanations. Tutorial is basicly ""click here"" all the time, and then you have to sort of figure things out.Lots of time wasted wandering around.Trade mechanism is MEHAll in all, very good games for people who want to test their ""skill"" in coordinating basicaly doing all the thinking (you role play 5 people actually. In RL settings the one at the wheel does not aim and fire teh cannons).I hate idle time in games, so this one is not for me."
76561197962871014,Recommended,418180,22817785,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,~{DCMT}~[BT]Brimstone,"For Early Access its not a bad start, it diffnelty has alot of potitental fer sure, controls are pretty simple an quests arnt to bad, at times cant git a bit agravatin though lol but it is early access to, for any pirate fans id recommend checkin it out thoughhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VmIveisFD8w"
76561198070126717,Not Recommended,418180,30463981,Posted: 11 March,all,sinphilip.sin,"PROS:Small game size with amazing graphics!Very immersive naval combat scenes, from cannon battles to melees.CONS:The game guiding is just poor, I don't know what should I do next, don't know where to go, etc.Not really an open world, it's too small, just wandering aimlessly on a tiny map...The battle concept is amazing, this game can be much fun if the developer put more effort on it, it has great potential.The combat system in this game is ACE... with this system if the developers can make the open world map like those in Mount & Blade or those in Uncharted Waters by Koei, together with fleet management system, crew/warrior management system, and with more cities and if the player can roam on the land in the cities and interact with NPC, (Now different cities are basically different menu UIs....I don't have a feel that I traveled from city to city...) this game would be AMAZING.So, now it feels like the developers had done the hardest part of it, but didn't polish it well to make it a gem.That's quite a pity. Maybe this is already an abandonware, I hope they can make a sequel that combines their brilliant combat system with a complete open world system!"
,Recommended,418180,23945068,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Cynders,"What in Davy Jones' locker did ye just bark at me, ye scurvy dog? I'll have ye know I be the meanest pirate on the seven seas, and I've led numerous raids on the royal navy, and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥over 300 wenches. I be trained in hit-and-run pillaging and be the deadliest with a pistol of all the captains o' the high seas. Ye be nothing to me but another bilgerat. I'll have yer guts for garters and keel haul ye like never been done before, hear me true. You think ye can hide behind your newfangled computing device? Think twice on that, scallywag. As we parley I be contacting my secret network o' pirates across the sea and yer port is being tracked right now so ye better prepare forthe typhoon, weevil. The kind o' monsoon that'll wipe ye off the map. You're sharkbait, fool. I can sail anywhere, at any time, and can kill ye in over seven hundred ways, and that be just with me cutlass. Not only do I be top o' the line with a cutlass, but I have an entire pirate fleet at my beck and call and I'll damned sure use it all to wipe yer♥♥♥♥♥♥off o' the world, ye dog. If only ye had had the foresight to know what devilish wrath your jibe was about to incur, ye might have belayed the comment. But ye couldn't, ye didn't, and now ye'll pay the ultimate toll, you buffoon. I'll♥♥♥♥♥♥fury all over ye and ye'll drown in the depths o' it. You're keelhauled, lad."
,Recommended,418180,34878530,Posted: 11 September,all,Ibelach,"Good pirate game with role-play elements. Cooperate with your friends or fight against them. Buy and upgrade ships, create and level up your crew to get all those treasures - they are waiting for you!"
76561198007582874,Recommended,418180,22810987,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,sharpe434,"Ive been looking for a open world game of this genre since Assassins creed had a go at it and this is the closest so far but still not close enough.  I have not played this game enough to get a diffinitive review but for what i have seen so far in this game its looking positive for the future, though at the moment i would only get this game if its in a sale as it can get a little repetative and boring.The best thing so far and probably the most boring thing at the moment depending on how you look at it, is that you can control your ship between locations, which gives it a little more realism and not just a point and click like the old pirate/trader games ive played.just too much thunder and lightning weather effects, i want to see more sunshine and daylight.Ps: this is the first time i have botherd to write a review so if it sounds total bull pats just ignore it and read other peoples reviews as i did."
76561198035450493,Recommended,418180,22820632,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,JII,"I appreciate the battles on the sea. But I really don't get it as an old player of Pirates! this is seriously lacking any consistency with the quantity of battles required to capture just a little loot. If your a pirate why can't capturing ships the old fashioned way get more loot? Also why are the deck battles such a crappy oversight. They did such a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ job on the deck to deck battles. Excuse my language but its really pathetic compared to the details in the other areas.I sooooooo wanted this to be a Pirates! Killer. But instead its a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ iPad knock off version of a true pirates experience.Please do the game justice and fix the realism factors, and make it more rewarding for capturing a ship and way more difficult to do so. Sinking battleships shouldn't be possible with a dingy of a ship.2.5 out of 5. For the potential I'd say buy it if its under 15 dollars. But they better fix the game because its for like 8 year olds right now."
76561198112654332,Recommended,418180,20104065,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,TheAlmighty1,"It really needs to be usable with a control, using the mouse n keyboard is really frustrating, having to keep turning the mouse n use the keys at the same time just to line up yer target is CRAP n too sensitive, n no I am not new to these types of games, been a gamer for over 25 years.Still a nice lil game if I could get used to the crappy controls."
,Recommended,418180,25170794,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Jack the Mountain,"This game makes my pirates of the caribbean boner ROCK HARD! The naval battles are fun, and it's more satisfying to steer your ship in open water than on the map, in my opinion! I have some quips, such as no character customization (At least the option of male or female), and that I suck at this game royally, but I still love this game to death. It has an extremely good base to build upon, and I hope they continue to add new things, if anything at all. Now, MOVE you bloomin' cockroaches! Jolly Jackie needs her GOLD!"
76561197991353618,Recommended,418180,25260779,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Grizzledorf,been having a blast playing this coop with 2 of my buddies.i enjoy that the game doesnt hold your hand from the start and you need to learn through trial and error.
76561197968870104,Recommended,418180,25229868,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Some bastard,"I like it a lot. It's ultimately a simple game, but there is much to do - quests are finely weaved into the experience. At its best it feels like a seamless story of you exploring the world, investigating it and fighting... at its worst it can be a bit repetitive. There are better looking games, but the design is overall very nicely done with a clear theme throughout the world and its factions. It could use an upgrade in the sound department, but it's livable.For the price I actually think this is an exceptional game. There is a lot of gameplay here."
76561198007437320,Recommended,418180,33688876,Posted: 20 July,all,elferan,Nicely done and having a great time with the game.
76561198412097691,Recommended,418180,34889904,Posted: 11 September,all,noisspb,"The finest example of pirate games. There are all features you need! Open world with endless seas, dozens of islands, hundreds of quests, land and sea battles. All hands on deck!"
76561198157577593,Recommended,418180,35371971,Posted: 1 October,all,12ax7,"Fun game.  Just started, but it has great potential.  I really dig the sound effects, they are excellent.  Runs fine on Surface 3."
,Not Recommended,418180,34737441,Posted: 4 September,all,wildride02gt,"Great concept following in the footsteps on Sid Meiers Pirates!, but misses the mark due to funky and ill-responsive controls. Put in about 1/2 an hour and had to walk away out of frustration."
,Recommended,418180,32473254,Posted: 16 June,all,23J,Best game ever!
76561198038689828,Not Recommended,418180,30367006,Posted: 6 March,all,Excalibur Dragonbane,"Unfortunately, this is quite a terrible game. Unity based, with very little effort done on the UI at all. Tooltips are completely absent from the game, and many core gameplay mechanics are not well documented. I would pass on this pile of poo-poo."
76561198018929700,Not Recommended,418180,30480837,Posted: 12 March,all,Marshall,"Controls are clunky, will revise once I learn it or give up :/ Otherwise looks pretty good.And I should note that this game has MMO grind philosophy :("
,Recommended,418180,25093235,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,[ML] ZERO (Silicon),"I really suck at this game, I've died more times than playing Dark Souls while drunk. Not sure what I am doing wrong but I will keep going I love it."
,Not Recommended,418180,30443340,Posted: 11 March,all,Crimson Mourn,"Poorly designed game, weird mechanics like magical mortars and shields, boarding a ship is badly implemented, almost no management system (click buttons if you have gold). The tutorial makes you play %27 of the game and the steals everything so you can start from scratch... indistructable sea monsters.... ummm yeaTL, DR : ♥♥♥♥ this game !  Avoid !"
,Not Recommended,418180,28158885,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,[HK]RedTea,"the boarding system is still vague and ridiculous. the new update allows me to capture ships, so yea i was able to damage a frigate using a bark enough to board it. but the shrapnel doesn’t reduce the crew to 0, which is kinda stupid considering i shot the hull down to 96 and it has 0 sail. fine, i board the ship but this is the thing i hate, the fight took forever and for some reason my crew got took out faster than theirs even tho i have more men in theory. also the “take cover” button doesn’t help at all, the sailor still takes damage even he took cover, what’s the point of that? there are also 2 targets highlighted even though i clicked one enemy sailor, why? am i not supposed to select enemy one by one so that i can take them out faster rather than having my sailor shoot at whatever they want?this game is great at the sailing part BUT when it comes to capturing ships, it’s stupid, the one thing that pirates do the most is looting from captured ships, i can’t even do that thing because of this stupid boring mechanics.this game is kinda repetitive anyway, just like The Pirate: Caribbean Hunt, another pointless repetitive pirate game.Money wasted, unintalled."
,Not Recommended,418180,25108469,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,0z,"I enjoyed this game the first 10 minutes during the tutorial, it seemed decent enough and fluid, but as soon as I went from tutorial to the actual game, oh boy did the bugs and glitches come out. It's been 15 years since a game as forced my entire system to crash, but this game did twice. It's not terrible but it does not feel complete or stable at all.I've had glitches with the camera staying in 1 location while my ship sailed away from view which forced me to restart only to have my ship destroyed. I've had my ship completely disappear while boarding another ship and that ship as well disappearing.I did have some fun moments though, when you get a chance to play with out the annoying glitches the naval combat and controls are awesome, some of the best controls i've ever used the boarding is fun not as much fun as the naval combat but I still enjoyed it.so Pros:-Combat is enjoyable-Controls are easy and feels fluid-The ui is simple enough to understand-The graphics are beautiful-The mythological features bring the pirate theme out to is best protentialCons:-Glitches are common and destroy the game-No real save system, if you leave you'll come back where you were but no way to have multiple games going-The tutorial starts you out with things you'd think would be standard, but your first ship doesnt have-Town ui is garbage, you'll select 10 different side quests thinking its your main quest to then realize they have nothing to do with it.Overall I'd give it 6/10 alright but needs improvements"
76561198004047191,Recommended,418180,30476693,Posted: 12 March,all,Galcian,I like it.
,Recommended,418180,19936893,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Cyber Lord,Fantastic game
,Recommended,418180,23466241,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,James Steiner,"This game is very enjoyable. I've played quite a few hours of this game, and its pretty good. The quests break on occasion when the transport of goods is involved (small inheritence quest), but besides that little thing, it is done really well. I would say the game is worth the buy in its current state, and I can't wait to see how much will be added by the time it's done."
76561198010090170,Not Recommended,418180,32758215,Posted: 24 June,all,Antiks,"I don't get it.  Trading things is bad capturing ships doesn't get you much loot.  The game feels forced into a specific play style, why? How is it i capture a ship with an artifact and it disappears? Much prefer the open style of sid meirs pirates. looked interesting and was on sale so i purchase it but it wasn't what  i was expecting. My crew is constantly wanting payouts if i'm exporing and i lose 100 rep if i tell them to take a hike, that's like 25 kills on enemy ships to recoup, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥."
76561198063794048,Recommended,418180,34152355,Posted: 10 August,all,cammando205,"I remember buying this when it was in ""very"" early access.  I played for a while and was unfortunately a bit disapointed by the heavy grind.  However, after numerous major updates that fixed my previous gripes I can confidently say that this is probably the closest we'll get to a sequel to the fabulous Sid Meier's Pirates.  It contains a consistant backstory for your player, but allows enough room for a roleplaying experience.  Overall I'd give it at least a 9/10."
76561198178799281,Recommended,418180,30440123,Posted: 10 March,all,Theriault,10 out of 10would ram a merchant again
76561198028148235,Recommended,418180,22866285,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,jmtanzillo,Early Access Review.  Played on Mac OS 10.10.5 on a late 2012 Mac Pro. Controls seem to be pretty easy to learn.  I guess you call the main map with left click a strategic move which making traveling lon distances simple. Maneuvering the ship during battles takes some getting used to.  I have figured out how to buy cannon balls but not small arms.  More to come later as I play it some more.I will also play it on Windows 7 64 bit at some point to see if it plays the same.
,Recommended,418180,32988963,Posted: 29 June,all,YouTube,"на пару часов можно зависнуть,но потом это надоедает,графика так себе,но с учётом того,что игра занимает мало места это не недостаток,боёвка поначалу не напрягает,но потом просто устаёшь от однообразия или от чесчур сильных врагов,торговля - ориентироваться можно только по значку в портах,может где-то есть ещё статистика по всем портам,но я не нашёл,хотя было бы неплохо её показывать,цены колеблются не сильно,из плюсов есть возможность аппгрейда своих кораблей и улучшение навыков команды,что тоже можно отнести к плюсам.Если уж сильно охота поиграть во что-то связанное с Карибами,пиратами и морскими сражениями,то лучше уж установить Port Royale 2 или Port Royale 3.Вцелом для почти бесплатной игры на пару часов можно порекомендовать"
,Recommended,418180,34800847,Posted: 7 September,all,SammuelMiranda,"Really good. I didn't thought it would be, but made my money's worth."
,Recommended,418180,26226215,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Cartguy,"For the price of $8.99 I can really say this game blew my expectations.  I've spent maybe about 5 hours so far playing this game and I already feel I've got my money worth, yet I've yet to do a lot of things, or even buy a new ship!I highly recommend if you like RPG/Strategy games, especially if its on sale."
,Recommended,418180,34837053,Posted: 9 September,all,Arthur,"Great game that will make you forget about boredom. Hundreds of quests, huge world to explore and galleons that waiting to be plunder. Prepare to be boarded or make your enemies fear your flag. 8/10."
,Recommended,418180,34878580,Posted: 11 September,all,Duustal,"Choose your pirate destiny and earn your name by plundering galleons and destroying forts. The gameplay is pretty various and optimization is great. Trade loot, level up your crew and upgrade ship!"
,Recommended,418180,34857147,Posted: 10 September,all,Greagoir Snow,"Play as a fearless pirate and destroy your enemies!! However, you are not the only one who wants to rule the world. Cooperate with your friends to get more chances to survive and tame the seas."
,Not Recommended,418180,34825733,Posted: 8 September,all,[SOT]Mead,"The UI is ratty, ship control is childish, and we couldn't get multiplayer to work. Thank goodness for Steam Refunds.Oh yeah, the tutorial is buggy. The *tutorial*. Come on, guys."
,Recommended,418180,34837082,Posted: 9 September,all,Brunhowler,"Being a pirate is not a dream anymore. Buy your first ship, hire the crew and start to conquer the seas with friends or by yourself. All those treasures are waiting to be looted by you!"
76561198100575704,Recommended,418180,30803242,Posted: 28 March,all,Crewalink,I dont write alot of reviews. This is one of the few games that I felt compelled to spend the time to do so.
76561198325664744,Recommended,418180,32546272,Posted: 18 June,all,АУЕ,"Брилянтовая игруха! графика отпад, отличный симулятор про кораблики"
76561198007943699,Recommended,418180,30931223,Posted: 3 April,all,Simulated Hobo,Fun little game.
,Recommended,418180,25289589,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Admiral Kirk,Gameplay 8/10Atmosphere 8/10Music 8/10Graphics 8/10Replayability 8/10A very good 8/10 fun pirate game and for the price its a steal!
76561198149735312,Recommended,418180,30969070,Posted: 5 April,all,Э Т О,I'm only a short time into the game but I've been very impressed very quickly.
76561198166397256,Recommended,418180,31778748,Posted: 15 May,all,OnlineGamer1240,this game is really great this is the best pirate game ever made really good job i love the game
,Recommended,418180,28164192,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Shadowus Draxia,"It is very reminescant of Assassin's Creed 3 and Black Flag, and that I enjoy. The only thing that's keeping me from playing more is the difficulty of getting a lot of money easily. I do admit that this might just be me, but I still find it difficult."
,Recommended,418180,19587654,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Kinghar,"I played 5 mins and i love the game already. I just feel like their is a lack of a tutorial, so I'm kinda lost but we all learn by doing right."
76561198043114744,Not Recommended,418180,32509574,Posted: 17 June,all,Crowbar,This game had no business being on PC. It is very much a mobile game and makes the controls on PC very annoying to use. Price point is very high for what you get when it litterally playes like a free browser based game.
76561198045547141,Not Recommended,418180,32848561,Posted: 27 June,all,Syntrix,"I like the gameplay but at the moment, When you get killed it seems impossible to come back, Lose all crew/money I can't fight any other ships I can't even afford to keep my crew, Dieing seems way to punishing, And dieing can become stupidly easy when you're just traveling and 3 ships attack you and you can't even run because apparently god hates you when you get lightning striked 3 times in a row getting slowed so the enemy can kill you, At the moment I do not recommend this game until this tedious♥♥♥♥♥♥is out the game."
76561198067606860,Not Recommended,418180,33390987,Posted: 8 July,all,NinjaBeest,"To go ahead and start out, Tempest gameplay is glitchy and this game overall does have a lot of bugs that need fixing. However, Tempest does have the right idea on how the battling should be in the 1700's naval combat.(PROBLEMS) The games graphics are not as the pictures show in the Tempest store page, the graphics could be way better, but the developers decided they no longer wanted to work on beefing up the graphics. The combat is correct on how it is set up, but is very buggy and glitchy.(MAIN PROBLEM)The top reason I personally do not recommend this game is due to the fact that the developers are very inactive and do not work on this game as much as they should, especially with the price of Tempest being $15.00. The developers are not making this game live up to a price of $15.00.I would not buy this game yet, wait until next year, if the developers decide to put in more effort to make this game great, then purchase it. I would also recommend to wait for a sale on this game, if your considering buying Tempest in the current state that it's in."
76561198095025252,Not Recommended,418180,33047559,Posted: 30 June,all,Kirrow,Save game randomly dissapeared. 20 hours of gameplay down the drain. Morale system sucks. Game was pretty fun.
,Recommended,418180,23097682,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Lord Fannywhacker,"Beautiful pirate game, simple to learn, you can sail in both first person in front of ship wheel or third person, big open world which you can travel either on map or in third person on the sea. Lots of ship upgrading and customizations. Similiar to Assassins Creed 4 Black Flag but 100% focused on naval battles and ships. Recommended to any pirate/sailing fans."
,Recommended,418180,25506600,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Captain Keelhaul,WE SHALL SAIL AN CONCORE TILLL WWWWEEEEEE DIIIIIEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! seriously 2 player and it is just amazing if you get over the literal ton of repetable quests that spam you.
,Recommended,418180,34573730,Posted: 29 August,all,DJDAN,It's ok... but I don't have very high expectations for $6... it was worth $6 :)
76561198210959163,Recommended,418180,32644315,Posted: 22 June,all,shadowvirg1,:)
76561198041960226,Recommended,418180,34153572,Posted: 10 August,all,schmuk_amuk,"wish the dlc was free. but can't have everything.great game (once you get the hang of it)the storms, the monsters, the ambience. love ityou can zoom from an overhead to literally sailing the seas, map in hand."
76561198015234015,Recommended,418180,22854630,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Mighty Zarkon,"Looks good so far, the devs arent charging enough...needs an instruction guide desperately."
76561198246636184,Recommended,418180,25806237,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,baiyu123987,"Game is pretty good. Novice level gameplay is doable. Just a little bit hard to hold on to the missions. In general, great graphics, no glitches, fun maneuvers."
,Recommended,418180,33000101,Posted: 29 June,all,Lomay Eblo,"общем игра неплохая:-Графика на 4 из 5- при том, что эта игра ещё и на мобильные устр. Хотелось бы чтоб детализацию кораблей подтянули.-Сюжет никакущий и особо роли в игре у него нету.-Геймплей неплох.По мелочам вроде нормально. Кораблей много, различные боеприпасы, артефакты, улучшение корабля и его костамизация... все присутствует.Так как игра дешевая, советую посмотреть и поиграть хотябы 2-3 часа"
,Not Recommended,418180,34755997,Posted: 5 September,all,The Lewtz,"Buggy, terrible UI, was never able top get multiplayer to work with a buddy.  Refunded."
76561197967440962,Recommended,418180,22896394,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Justice,"This game is a very good sea battle game. Although I have to play for awhile to know how to play this game, it is stilll very amazing. I am a bit surprise that this game is developed only by 1 person. Haha. I hope we can support his work, and let him to continue improving this game !"
,Recommended,418180,34857211,Posted: 10 September,all,d3wu,"Interesting game in a pirate setting. Role-play elements and fight system are great. You can level up every crew member, upgrade ship and use mystical crystals that will help you to survive. 4/5!"
76561197962039638,Recommended,418180,34857807,Posted: 10 September,all,[X-City] predator,Raise the black flag and start your own full of danger adventure. Share the world with your friends or be a lonely sea wolf. Sale looted treasures and upgrade your ship. One of the best pirate games.
76561197988191002,Recommended,418180,26232368,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,bredeus,this game is pure pleasure at least for old Sid Meirers Pirates! fanboy :)
,Recommended,418180,24789903,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,DerSchnitter,It's like the naval battles part of Assassins Crees without all the other bulls**t!
76561198008596241,Recommended,418180,30400033,Posted: 8 March,all,Mannimarco,OMG PLZ RAISE Max Player to atleast 4!!!!!!!!! I BEEEEEG YOU!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561197981255414,Recommended,418180,25102351,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,ChillBilly,All I'm gonna say:https://youtu.be/1ggGy5-N1PE
,Recommended,418180,22872192,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,forget27,"Great game, I love how you can unlock ships per map, and explore every certain area. The best part of the game I think is The Ships and how realistic they are.More thing I like about it -* REALISTIC* ADVENTURE* PHISICS* THE LOOKS* And many other things.THIS GAME IS REALLY WORTH BUYING"
76561197993064847,Not Recommended,418180,25306026,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,KoekFabriek,"Tried it for little over 1,5 hours. Not really what i was expecting. Boring and weak gameplay. I was hoping for a really open game where the fights are intense etc. At the end is just turnings ships as quick as possible. The leveling both ship and crew seems underwhelming. I think I go back to Sid Meiers Pirates."
76561197994285366,Recommended,418180,21093682,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Blaster,SAYS ITS MULTIPLAYER BUT IT ISNT :(
76561198138728489,Not Recommended,418180,29108245,Posted: 7 January,all,C1boulette458,"I really wanted to love this game, it looked like great.The learning part is boring and after having clicked everywhere, i finally can't find how it works.Don't waste your time here."
76561198063365585,Recommended,418180,28744714,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,The_Q,ear candy battles and torrent storms.. antlantis looking mobby♥♥♥♥♥♥that tries to eat your ship and much more..ship battles are fast but not to fast.. good feel. smooth. great game to jump into and get lost in.. relaxing or what you want to make it.. for 15$ or lessshould be in everyones library. if they like rum n pirates
76561198177596682,Recommended,418180,34402356,Posted: 21 August,all,z_o_m_b_i_e_0,7/10
76561198144584547,Recommended,418180,23022432,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,ridikhood123,i have a realy bad pc and this game runes so smoothly fun game doesent cost a lot good fun
,Not Recommended,418180,34747225,Posted: 4 September,all,3footrazor,"Not worth it, even on sale."
76561198032860269,Not Recommended,418180,32148092,Posted: 3 June,all,Ætherial,"At first glance this game looks like a good find, I got this from a bundle and at a discount. During the tutorial I was really excited about the gameplay, the graphics and whatnot. When I started playing it, all the nice stuff faded into the background however. There is a very small map, there are ports that you can do nothing with, combat is in the AI's favor if you are not skittish and running for a repair after every fight, and very repetitive in a boring kind of way.Compared to other pirate themed games I played like Caribbean! and Sid Meier's pirates this one is just plain bad. Have a go at them instead."
76561198026439216,Not Recommended,418180,31909228,Posted: 22 May,all,Red Zero,"After 8 hours of play I say Not Recommended. The game is just so frustrating, you grind away and then lose what very little you have accumalated to a sea monster that smashes your ship or whilst trying to complete a stupid mission. The sea battles are terrible its a constant downward slide from the moment you start playing. Yes the game is quite cheap but really, give this one a miss, I wish I had and you will too."
76561197971831088,Not Recommended,418180,31789867,Posted: 16 May,all,Faust,"Returned.The game is essentially a smart phone port and as such, it's a mile wide but an inch deep.Some may like this, but for the price, it's simply not worth it."
,Recommended,418180,30969864,Posted: 5 April,all,Scoping ♥,Quality roleplaying. Best pirate game. Drink rum - gain health.10/10
76561198079983807,Not Recommended,418180,32193243,Posted: 4 June,all,domdelcash,"the boarding mechanic of this game is so broken since the latest update. Oh wow, they managed to create controllable, animated captains that can't fight, can't shoot, can't run straight, can't take a hit without a 3 second stagger (then get gang ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. They essentially attempted to copy what hundreds of game creators get right without even sweating, but this is so broken, it's unplayable. Add in weak side campaign with lame fetch and grab missions, and a basic trading componant, and that's it. The ONLY thing it's got going for it is the ship/ship battle mechanic, which is suposed to be the cornerstone of the game, but I broke that too by accidentally unlocking the ram upgrade. All I do now is kamikaze ships for 3x damage. rinse and repeat."
76561198123307459,Not Recommended,418180,25209732,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,elliot.vine,"pretty repetitive game, combat system feels very slow and the missions are all pretty much the same just wrapped round a slightly different narative for each."
76561198007165173,Not Recommended,418180,30510987,Posted: 14 March,all,johnrj6,I love games based on wooden ships.  This game is kind of clunky and I don't think it does a very good job of allocating damage to ships and sales. Also the ships move way to fast and there is no wind indictor so I don't know if I am saling into the wind.I am not quite sure if I like this game yet.  If they could improve the controls and so on the game might more enjoyable.Would I guy it again?  Nope.
,Not Recommended,418180,30399084,Posted: 8 March,all,C-zom,"Game was hardly anything that I expected. An awful, cluttered, nonsensical swipe based user interface hinders you from having any real sense of haptic feedback or ability to control lackluster sea battles without any physics, impact or weight to combat. There are a serious number of details missing and lacking here; no idle crewman on your ship, almost no ambient sound effects and waves waking on your boat are silent. ""Open World"" aspect is lackluster due to heavy dependence on the fast travel map and it's super grindy and easy to play.The final straw for me was boarding a ship and it feeling just... awful. Animations were bad, combat had no weight or feeling to it, and the UI for the third person combat felt like a mobile game somehow. Stay away from this; it isn't at all what the screenshots and description would lead you to believe."
76561197964232775,Recommended,418180,31206584,Posted: 17 April,all,Lera_03,"he best pirate vs navy game i ever seen/played.great potencial, nice looking and good gameplay for cheap price."
,Not Recommended,418180,25315379,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Aaron552™,"I'm refunding this. It's interesting in concept, but the part that killed it for me was the tutorial part where you have to divide the crew for a boarding party. No matter how much I moved them between decks, I couldn't get the amount shown. I spent 15 minutes trying to get it, but they have no sliders to choose how many to move. It's very unfriendly."
,Not Recommended,418180,32954212,Posted: 28 June,all,???,Awful janky phone game that feels exactly as it sounds.
,Not Recommended,418180,25130406,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Chips,"I do enjoy this game, the graphics are nice the combat is going to take some getting used to. Enemy ships have a wider and longer range than you, it isnt really that fair and I find it hard to progress in the game. I play on low differculty but that doesnt seem to make it any easier, I'm always low on money due to repairing my ship and healing my crew. I want to like it and hopefully will get better at it but for now I'm going to not reccomend it."
76561198041141958,Not Recommended,418180,22772371,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Kregantis,"Ok so i played this game a while back and enjoyed it but wanted to wait for more content. Now i come back to it and it seems to have been amazingly broken at some stage. Changing controls seems to do nothing as the old keys still do whatever they origonaly did, so at most you just end up spinning around unable to shoot, then i sat in a battle for nearly five minutes trying to shoot two enemy ships who without fail they would hit me a few times every volly, yet even when i got super close to them and unloaded a full volley at maybe what would be 40ish feet distance, every single shot i would fire would over and over magically be blocked by waves. This game is broken in its current state and needs some serious work.However in saying that, i love the concept, love the graphics and theme, the mechanics are great and similar to sid's pirates which i loved, so this game has a lot of potential to be fairly awesome. So lets hope they fix this crazy and new retardation with the water mechanics and fix custom the custom control setup and maybe it can be awesome sometime soon. As it is however i cant recommend this till they fix it."
76561198075945892,Recommended,418180,34144720,Posted: 10 August,all,JJBlaze,good game and love how people write reviews with less the a hour played and say everything is bad about this game lmao! dont even waste your time reading a review with less then 10hrs on game time played!
76561198129974730,Recommended,418180,26135572,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,илья на воде враги в говне,"Tempest is an open-world adventure in which you captain a vessel through the open seas. You complete quests and there's a loosely connected story through said quests, but for the most part, you'll be sailing here or there and taking part in ship-to-ship combat."
76561197994589141,Not Recommended,418180,25275531,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Skinless,"Tried to board a ship, Didn't  have any control over my gunners couldn't order them to fire on a specific target, had 12 gunners full health vs 6 enemey gunners lost all of my men + my loot + most of my money rage quit uninstall."
76561198017984107,Recommended,418180,28863373,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,[BOT] v.21.12,I love this game. I played 54 hours and it is still fun and I can not wait for the free update with figths on land.Buy this <3 game.
,Recommended,418180,30536354,Posted: 15 March,all,Balkan Boy,ZABAVNO....
76561198056616170,Not Recommended,418180,30929866,Posted: 3 April,all,monkeytekdek,Just started the game with a friend and anytime we are in a town we are nonstop attacked by these random ships that have no beef with us!oh did I mention all these ships can summon lightning that instakills us? we cant even shop or hide we are nonstop attacked. complete waste of money
,Recommended,418180,23479896,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Zoa,How do we find real people?
,Recommended,418180,26272083,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,uvuvwevwevwe,10/10very unique game with a lot of new ideas.not like all other games copy of each other.
,Recommended,418180,31174826,Posted: 16 April,all,Mordekau,what you is see is what you get...low lvl graphic madness 4 decent price :)
76561197964386208,Recommended,418180,31207997,Posted: 17 April,all,Osminojka,Quality roleplaying with wooden ships.
,Recommended,418180,29202153,Posted: 12 January,all,ГРАЙМ,"Sinking simulator -2016You play as a ship in this game of romance, you have been seperated from your beloved anchor and must go on a qeust to be reunited with your loved one.You will see many things along the way, cannons, bigger ships, and angry pirates. And along the way these things will get much bigger as they get closer and closer."
,Recommended,418180,29223630,Posted: 13 January,all,✪Special Delivery,The game is pretty big and theres no way i'm going to beat it with less than 30+ hours of playtime.It''s qeusts on top of qeusts after qeusts. You are a boat with angry sailors running around your mass.
76561198233109096,Recommended,418180,29823114,Posted: 10 February,all,morphine,"Очень не плохая игра,довольно забавно выглядит :)Нравиться ее особый стиль и музыкальное сопровождение)."
,Not Recommended,418180,27763467,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Rainy Corporate,I had it on my wishlist for a while and I bought it on black Friday. What I thought I was getting was an action packed ship combat game but really it's just a kind of rpg where you steer the slowest ship on the planet around a few places. Not saying it's a bad game but it's not what was advertised.
76561197993219223,Not Recommended,418180,30785042,Posted: 27 March,all,DrGodzilla,Been looking for a fun pirate game because sadly the best we've gotten is Assassins Creed? Well I'm afraid your search is still on. A functional but crappy interface and being oddly unwilling to let you start allied to whatever faction you want and play your way I hope you like being part of the pirate or merchant faction while you try to scrape up 3000 gold for a flag. Not a ship not some good upgrades but a ♥♥♥♥ing flag. Kind of like the ones on the ships you capture and could easily cut the flag off of. Hell even being on great terms with a faction doesn't get you a flag.Why am I making a big deal out of flags? They determine your alleigance and thus in raids and attacks who will shoot at you. Yet you can't pick your faction you always begin right after the tutorial. This is of course just one of the problems I had with this mediocre at best game it just happens to be an insane one to have because again why do I have to pay for a flag and why is it so expensive?
76561198094308857,Not Recommended,418180,31041754,Posted: 9 April,all,Shmomo,"By all means this is a very nice game, BUT they are lying!!!!!!!!!! about the ""HUNDREDS OF MISSIONS"".There are 9 factions and only 8 have playable missions at 10 missions  each excluding the 21 legend missions.So totaling at 101 missions in the ENTIRE game.In other words you could finish this game in 2 weekends of gaming."
,Recommended,418180,29299363,Posted: 16 January,all,Killer Jackson,"try to set up higher limit for saving money in game , or try to build up some bank in game"
,Recommended,418180,30264321,Posted: 1 March,all,YW.Lonely,"I can't be the only person who's gotten a pirate ship or spaceship and spent all their time hauling junk around to sell. There's something quietly gratifying about buying low and selling high, and so there should be no surprise there are games that exist to scratch that itch. Port Royale 2 does just that on the surface, and then surprises you with several more layers of fortune-seeking options."
,Not Recommended,418180,21121225,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Masshuum,"It's more enjoyable watching the trailers than actually playing the game as of now. There's potential but everything just seems to come up short. The battles just aren't very fun, everything you fight is a cannon ball sponge, even after some initial upgrades and aim adjustments, which I imagine is ""balancing"" so that when you become more powerful and use the over the top stuff that it's not too easy but meh.Most of your time is spent in menus and a boring overworld map to move place to place instead of actually sailing to explore. Menus are also unintuitive and there are no tool-tips. So it's pretty frustrating at times. Getting your crew constantly sniped while in a battle with the constant, irritatingly pitchy shots ringing out and the incessant squaking of seagulls while in ports really starts to grate nerves.It's worth looking into if you're into these type of games but for me I'll just wait until it comes out of early access before I take another look. In the meantime this will be my first refund for an early access title, but it's my own fault for wanting more than what this game advertised. Ultimately, the biggest killer is using a map to explore instead of the in-game engine, which is my own fault for not paying closer attention to the details and trailer of this game.For a game being developed by one person it's VERY admirable and commendable, it's just not for me in its current state."
,Not Recommended,418180,21677636,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,nikkedwardstanley,Although I've just started playing this game it seems that I am not even able to play it properly as for a starter you aren't given any tutorials on how to actually play the game and secondly it seems that it's not even possible to play the game properly.I spent most of the time looking at the map just dragging the cursor around trying to get things to actually happen.
76561198127108069,Not Recommended,418180,34960004,Posted: 14 September,all,Astro6974,Interesting at first but soon to be repetitive.
,Recommended,418180,27225595,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dragon's Kin,"To be a pirate, or not to be a pirate, that is the question...The correct answer is, 'why not both?'"
,Not Recommended,418180,25103264,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Gravvy,"Wasn't my cup of tea. The tutorial was okay, but the gameplay and battle system was off and on. Get this if you're willing to dedicate a lot of time to learn the mechanics. Don't pick this up if you just wanna be a pirate and sink ships."
76561198253509687,Recommended,418180,29912373,Posted: 13 February,all,Captadam7 Gaming,♥♥♥♥ING AMAZING SHOULD BUY
,Not Recommended,418180,27902151,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Drasca★,Refunded before the 2 hours was set up. This game's combat gets repetitive fast and the trading is lacking. Fun for the first 10 minutes though.
,Recommended,418180,26193490,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,BaronFeyd,Better than Naval Action.
76561198253070427,Not Recommended,418180,28799695,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,bigdadac,"Well I bought this game and i was very eager to play it . Well........ After playing it for  a ewhile now it needs alot of work done to it in mt opiok. The aiming m3echanic for the guns on the ship is the ABSOLUTE WORST THING I HSVE EVER Seen ,Lots of good game play in thus fa e ."
76561198014159419,Not Recommended,418180,21420083,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Scrubtron,"I really wanted to play a naval combat game so I picked this up. The game is garbage, no explaination for anything and the starting enemies are basically imposssible to kill. IDK maybe im doin it wrong but it not like there is any god damn way of knowing."
,Not Recommended,418180,19899459,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Jrbdog,"It could be good, but lacks depth and a proper tutorial."
76561198122044179,Not Recommended,418180,21769376,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Lion Heart,"I came to this game with high hopes, I watched some videos on it and saw it was cool, but then i bought it, on the videos you were supposed to be able to fully customize your ship at the beginning how you like it, and there were the cool quests with the ropes and the mermaids, I came on the game and started, and i couldnt customize my ship, it had to look boring. Where was the customization i saw on the videos? Nowhere, on the videos there was a cool inbattle hud, wasnt there, i looked for the mermaid and rope quests, they werent there. Where did all this content go? i came here because i though i could make an awesome ship, but where did all this content go? i dont know but i dont have it and i do want it. So i'm sorry but until the features are readded i cant reccomend this game."
76561198042717108,Not Recommended,418180,19978808,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,gn☹g,"Game is barely playable, you can't repair your ship to 100%, the bots have aim assist up the♥♥♥♥♥ promise of multiplayer but no real support just some pesudo-random drop in type which doesn't count, auto battles result in 0 gold gained and a ridiculous amount of cannonballs spent."
76561198028906871,Not Recommended,418180,30400918,Posted: 8 March,all,MarcoBolo,"I've played thousands of PC games. This is hands down, absolutely the worst i've EVER seen. Graphics are super but the mechanics of the game stink. 80% of the time you don't even know where to turn missions in. You also can sell mission items you need and end up with dozens of missions in your list you can't complete. I wouldn't buy this game for 1 cent.  Hell, I won't play it again if THEY PAY ME.........."
76561198014433977,Recommended,418180,26763362,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,wdz,"Крутая игра, отличная графика, покупайте советую всем"
,Recommended,418180,26761327,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Уныние - грех,"офигенная игра, уважуха разрабам советую всем!"
76561198275116365,Not Recommended,418180,31531282,Posted: 3 May,all,btp85,used to play sid miers pirates. was expecting an upgrade. the batle controles are very hard to use. its difficult to get and keep your bearings with the map consantly spinning.
76561198006362345,Not Recommended,418180,32147133,Posted: 3 June,all,cylus80,The balance in this game is pretty poor. It is definately a problem that for a good part of the game the only way to win naval battles is to let the AI fight ir for you or just run away for the whoel battle. Spend your money elsewhere.
76561198040944624,Not Recommended,418180,20355900,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Absolute Monarch,"This game keeps stalling and crashing. Number of bugs, lack of save game options and poor story line make this game one of the worst ive purchased in sometime. Just wasted 5 hours of game play for the computer to crash as a result of a glitch in combat where opposition and allied ships kept morphing x20 despite having won the battle. Waste of money."
,Recommended,418180,25276951,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,TheGreatFWT,"Not quiet my type, but is ok."
76561198353624873,Not Recommended,418180,32348526,Posted: 11 June,all,obeeno,"Honestly got super bored after only a few minutes of gamplay.Not only did I find the combat system less than fun, it was tacky and had the graphics of a free-to-play mobile game (as well as the general 'feel' of one)If you want a great pirate game there are better alternatives for sure"
,Recommended,418180,29855633,Posted: 11 February,all,汰MixShøw x Supreme,"Страх, боль и страдания в пиратском мире. Сложная и увлекательная игра."
76561198010275666,Not Recommended,418180,31444974,Posted: 29 April,all,anubisexe,If you get migraines I wouldn't suggest playing this game. It is lightning ~95% of the time even when you are at the port menus.
76561198337662811,Recommended,418180,26136210,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Пьяная панда,"The game's rather thrilling, epecially the combat scenes. Seriously, I can swear I felt the salty breeze coming out of my laptop. Overall thing almost made me leave family behind, hijack a ship and follow the wind to the far away shores with loyal parrot 'n bottle of rum, yo-ho-ho! =)Fair 9/10, would be 10 if the game came along with a real bottle of rum, lol"
,Recommended,418180,27777838,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Gaviel,Fun game.  Decent Naval Sim.
76561198007090579,Recommended,418180,27971093,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,StingerND,Good game for scratching that pirate game fix.
,Recommended,418180,28988731,Posted: 3 January,all,TheZera,its a very Funny game (=
,Recommended,418180,28850217,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Turkvangogh,"My Quicklook Gameplay of this game:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TrAc7wTh3RYEven though I spent very little time on this game, I could feel the potential. I've been meaning to get back to it but having a GF, job, youtube channel, other games, & a mortgage it has stiffled my desire to get back on it. I have watched hours of video of others playing it in the meantime & love everything i've seen!!! If you enjoy simulators, pirate simulators, sailing ocreans, & smooth graphics (even on my macbook pro 2013, 16gb ram, 2gb vram, 2.3 ghz, GT 750 NVIDIA GPU) then you def should grab this game & start pillaging!! Thanks for the game!!!"
76561198018464737,Not Recommended,418180,33412734,Posted: 9 July,all,LuciferTerreurkiller,Price is too hight for that game
76561198008066523,Not Recommended,418180,25170060,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,benji_v_5,Logged in one morning and my save file was gone. yay.
76561198036156118,Recommended,418180,26356130,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,aerr,"Wow, this looks like fun!Need to try more, but the first touch is very good!"
76561198032074455,Not Recommended,418180,31405775,Posted: 27 April,all,Skindagger,Not very good.
,Recommended,418180,19493952,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Roshie the Rosh Monster,Right off the bat in combat I was freaking out on how to fire and it just gave that rush that you feel. This game is awesome
76561198030587396,Not Recommended,418180,25629426,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,AnyonesShadow,Can't get any where damage phsyics in favor of the computer.... no fun dude
76561198003425277,Not Recommended,418180,20025464,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Attila[DK],"OMG... Its so basic this game. Graphics look crocked, audio is mediocre and the gameplay is one looooong repeat.. NO NO NO NO.. where the soul in the games nowadays :-("
76561198021226205,Not Recommended,418180,19813677,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,treycox33,Cool concept but totaly not even worth  the on sale price. Terrible controls and  the tutorial is no help. It was frustatiing to play.
76561198053229074,Not Recommended,418180,24565286,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,-_-,"Freezes steam, even after closing steam(which it doesnt want you to do because it will say tempest is still running) and restarting it will still say the game is running. Forces you to restart computer. This game is ♥♥♥♥ing malware. says i've played 45 min now, haven't even played one."
76561197962405690,Not Recommended,418180,21164229,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,🈶👺 M🅰️K🅾,"no multiplayer, false advertising, wont refund my purchase."
,Recommended,418180,29224098,Posted: 13 January,all,kill me plz,"Even though I spent very little time on this game, I could feel the potential. I've been meaning to get back to it but having a GF, job, youtube channel, other games, & a mortgage it has stiffled my desire to get back on it. I have watched hours of video of others playing it in the meantime & love everything i've seen!!! If you enjoy simulators, pirate simulators, sailing ocreans, & smooth graphics (even on my macbook pro 2013, 16gb ram, 2gb vram, 2.3 ghz, GT 750 NVIDIA GPU) then you def should grab this game & start pillaging!! Thanks for the game!!"
76561198038793623,Not Recommended,418180,23409371,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Ordren Darkwillow,"Actually, due to some of the reviews I thought this game might be what I'm looking forward to.Sadly it coudlnt be further from the truth. No tutorial whatsoever. No hints on gameplay. Nothing. read somehwere that someone said it was simple to get into. NOT. I've 10 minutes on the game and have died 4 times already. Nothing simple about any of the mechanics. Too much detail in what you have to worry about what the ship is doing. You have cannon degrees. You have placement of each individual sailors in whatever position you want maximized. No clue where and how you cannon will hit anything. I saild by a town, next thing you know I was gettingbombarded.Why?LOL. no clue. However cheap the game is, don't waste your time or money on it, it is just not worth it."
76561198338361966,Recommended,418180,26152017,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,sega2319,"Tempest is an open-world adventure in which you captain a vessel through the open seas. You complete quests and there's a loosely connected story through said quests, but for the most part, you'll be sailing here or there and taking part in ship-to-ship combat."
76561198145320837,Recommended,418180,26151938,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,RISE.,"With a good blend of minimalism in focusing on simple pirate combat, combined with the details of a 4X strategy game; Tempest delivers that happy high-seas adventuring every land-lubber dreams about."
76561197968042718,Not Recommended,418180,19610448,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Patrick,23 minutes wasted. No instructions or tutorials. No idea what the hell you're supposed to do. The only help is from a player video which I'm sorry to say told me very little and I wasn't able to do anything but sail in circles. The very fact that another player has to make such a video tells you how crazy this is. I know its EA but this is madness. My advice is stay well away and don't be fooled by the pretty pics. Refund requested.
76561198073359487,Not Recommended,418180,25036484,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,michaelandjess,Needs work still lost progress 3 times not saved. Boarding is almost impossible cant win to save my life even tho im more powerfull than enemy
76561198014110939,Not Recommended,418180,19723874,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Fizwalker,"This is a horrible game... No way of firing. None.... Hold the enemy in your sights for a few seconds..... That's what the game says. Which does nothing. The more I progress, the less likely my guns are to fire.  Don't buy this garbage."
,Not Recommended,418180,29857773,Posted: 11 February,all,Yarkhs,"O jogo está absurdamente desbalanceado se comparado com a época do lançamento.- NPCs com magia infinita. Se tiverem arma contra boarding crew, mesmo que vc use artefato de cura, sua crew terá sempre vida mínima.- sistema de boarding desbalanceado. Mesmo você tendo mais porcentagem de vida no seu navio que o inimigo, e mesmo seu navio sendo o maior do jogo e do inimigo o menor do jogo, os soldados dele ainda virão com mais vida e vc perderá fatalmente."
76561198147079697,Not Recommended,418180,19611334,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Retoᴮᴼᵀ,"Its not bad, hard to do some missions but over all not too bad"
76561198081040576,Recommended,418180,30060877,Posted: 20 February,all,Daun,"I had been waiting for the great pirate game, so when I run into Tempest I decided to try it. Navigate system is simple: you only need to click the area or town you want to go to.Naval battles are fun and enjoyable.But in the beginning it's could be difficult to defeat"
76561198061275146,Not Recommended,418180,31313012,Posted: 22 April,all,Dreamblade,Wish I could get my $15 back.Garbage game
76561198317019209,Recommended,418180,30045567,Posted: 19 February,all,Pinys,"Весьма качественная игра. По началу напоминает Корсаров или Assassin's Creed: Black Flag, но поиск сходств и различий с другими играми аналогичной тематики пустое занятие. По мне, он лишает возможности сполна насладиться игрой."
76561198202339437,Recommended,418180,30061984,Posted: 20 February,all,NicKy:3,I'm fond of games with pirates and navals so I decided to try playing Tempest. The game is great and very atmospheric. It's up to you how to upgrade your ship and crew. You're free to sail everywere and discover the open world. Soundtrack is magnificent! That 's
,Recommended,418180,29925414,Posted: 14 February,all,Atlantis.,"Долго думал купить или нет, читал отзывы, смотрел летсплеи, отпугивало то, что игра весит 280 мегабайт, и что по слухам разрабатывает ее один (!) человек. Поэтому и думал что это очередный инди шлак без изюминки на 1 час игры, но я ошибался... очень. Во мне как в старом поклоннике серии Корсары, игр Сид Мейера, и любителя пиратской тематики игра Tempest пробудила те забытые чувства, когда дома за чашечкой какава любуешься своим парусником на фоне заката и всматриваешься в бескрайний горизон виртуального мира...Так, что-то старого пирата понесло :) Вообщем кратко: всем кому близка сердцу тематика пиратов - берите, не раздумывая. Если когда-то играли (и вам нравилось) в Корсары, ПКМ, Пиратов Мейра - Tempes вам зайдет на 100 %, гарантирую. Если кто-то только начинает свое знакомство с такими играми - тоже не разочаруитесь.Квестов очень много и они интересные. Бои с морскими чудовищами завораживают (особенно на первых парах), массовые бои флотилии шикарны, когда экран дрожит от грома пушек и кулеврин, а корабли при выстрелах с бортов окутывают языки пламени - это.. надо пережить) Проработка островов отдельная тема, появляется желание по ним прогулятся, музыкальное сопровождение отличное, да и много много всего. Игра меня очень удивила, приятно. Очень надеюсь что проект будет развиваться и дальше."
76561198122013063,Recommended,418180,30060427,Posted: 20 February,all,Твоя Мамка,"For the that price I can really say that this game exceed my expectations. The game mostly focuses on the naval combat that is wonderful and realistic. Every time its makes you feel like you are actually being in the heart of the battle. It may have no superb graphic,"
,Recommended,418180,29949801,Posted: 15 February,all,Palkan,"Если ты мечтаешь встречать восходы и закаты, стоя на раскачивающейся деревянной палубе с трубкой в зубах. Если ты хочешь слушать скарбезные песни просоленных от морской воды матросов,лениво покручивая штурвал, или пережить чудовищный шторм и яростную битву за чужой груз, то ты по достоинству оценишь эту игру. Морские сражения выглядят реалистично, иногда возникает ощущение,что сидишь не перед экраном монитора, а находишься прямо в эпицентре жаркой битвы. Игра несомненно достойна внимания, несмотря на некоторые недочеты."
76561198341178622,Recommended,418180,30046222,Posted: 19 February,all,Lanaya | Mid only,"Являюсь большим поклонником игр по пиратской тематике, и само собой не смог пройти мимо Tempest. Признаться, ожидал,что это будет довольно сырой инди проект, но игра приятно порадовала. Боевая система похожа на управление кораблём из"
,Recommended,418180,30044563,Posted: 19 February,all,Dark Polo Gang,"Советую игру всем тем, кто ценит дух приключений и романтическую атмосферу пиратских странствий. Порадовал открытый мир, множество разнообразных квестов от разных фракций,возможность вести торговлю,и конечно же - морские сражения!"
76561198155566073,Not Recommended,418180,19579108,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,dm_nez,"so played it a little bit after downloading it, got smashed with these 3 v 1 battles and now am broke. No way to start again etc etc so my profile goes no where great stuff....not.Was enjoying it to begin with. Now not so much.So we get one go and thats it to play this game correct from the start? Not impressed to be honest now"
76561198085712524,Recommended,418180,30045117,Posted: 19 February,all,Dolboyob,"Игра понравилась, но рассказывать бесполезно - надо попробовать поиграть самому. Проникнуться духом морского разбоя и оказаться в самом центре батальных сражений. Атмосферность здесь присутсвует безусловно. Порадовали различные сюрпризы в виде морских чудовищ, которые могут внезапно появится из морской пучины в самый разгар боя. Затягивающая и интересная игра. Надеюсь,что разработчики будут и дальше вести активную работу над проектом и совершенствовать его."
76561198247841376,Recommended,418180,29959592,Posted: 16 February,all,Mid (only mid!),"Люблю пирaтскую тематику и не смог пройти мимо еще одной игры в подобном сеттинге. Игра действительно порадовала! Конечно, напрашивается сравнение с классикой жанра: Корсарами или Sid Meier's Pirates, но это самостоятельный и уникальный проект. Ощущается, что была продела большая работа. К разработчикам просьба не останавливаться на достигнутом и продолжать усовершенствование игры. Хочется верить,что она тоже заслужит звания классики жанра!"
76561198065293222,Not Recommended,418180,22798790,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Davewatsit97,"boring, not open world, battles annoying"
76561198008795381,Recommended,418180,25077177,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Eugenm,Ура релиз!!Good Games!!
76561197987569902,Not Recommended,418180,32171192,Posted: 4 June,all,Hutch,Have had more fun in the bath...
76561198236702520,Recommended,418180,26191827,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,NevaTrustAWizard,all
76561197994729886,Not Recommended,418180,21028374,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,AiDec,...
76561198064708290,Not Recommended,418180,29834942,Posted: 10 February,all,kurgenthehorn,this game sux
,Not Recommended,418180,29882197,Posted: 12 February,all,Hutker,It's not good. It's not worth 14.99 € It's not worth to buy at all.
76561197971111112,Not Recommended,418180,32025738,Posted: 28 May,all,Slipvyne,Got boring fast
76561198185567742,Not Recommended,418180,19817044,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Roscoe185,This game is a horrible knock off of world of warships
76561198043325489,Not Recommended,418180,25092586,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Stavinsky,"Right now, just tried it.I know I only 'tried' it but darn the whole sensationis like having some weird game designed to work on asmart phone and not something with a UI designed toplay on a computer.Will not play much longer on it as the whole feelingis weird and bad."
76561198161085272,Not Recommended,418180,34634107,Posted: 31 August,all,Lukas der Juden mörder,😉😆😅😄😎
,Not Recommended,418180,30000678,Posted: 17 February,all,Draco Sama,well just well this game i dono if it was ment to b a moble game but just wow u know iv rilly looked folwered to a free roam navle combat sim somthing like assasins creed 4 but ur one story i saw this and sayed meh ill give it a try hopefuly this will give me what im looking for but noooooooooo ok well its not bad its more like the problem i had with oblivan where its not a bad game but just out dated but this 2016 game not exeptable then agian if this was a kick starter game i understand a bit more but still
76561198078959540,Recommended,418180,29225004,Posted: 13 January,all,WolfOfDark,"Игра хорошая, но естественно не очень доделана. Например из явных минусов:-Не привычный режим абордажа, нет игры от первого лица или третьего за персонажа, чтобы кромсать зомби, скелетов, офицеров, форты как в корсарах.-Игра как я понял по сети, подразумевает не больше 3-ох участников. Хотя мне кажется, крутые баталии должны быть начиная от 5-ти игроков по сети.-Нет возможности (или пока не нашёл), назначить к примеру первого помощника на захваченное судно, и продолжить битву или собрать эскадру. (только если играешь совместно с другими игроками).-Если было действие например проплывающие корабли противника, а на карте в этом же месте сражается другой игрок, будьте готовы к неожиданному прибавлению противников от 3 до 6 штук точно (если pvp включен). Думаю пофиксят как-то это.-Иногда выбрасывает в бой, вроде бы в нейтральных водах, а там стоит форт и он вражеский - итог, он начинает по тебе палить тоже. Иногда бывает противников к союзному форту выкидывает.-Очень трудно с карты на карту переплывать. Через специальные точки-метки для перехода. Но естественно нельзя переходить, пока идёт бой. А ТАМ вероятность, вражеских кораблей очень большая. Постоянно там натыкаюсь. Разок было так, что я просто встрял против 6 противников, которые сражались 3 на 3. Но для меня было 1vs6, либо топить их ко дну за считанные секунды расходуя по залпу на корабль, или отплыть и ждать когда они друг друга сами перебьют.-Пока ты плаваешь и собираешь вещи, тем более используя ускорение, могут приплыть ещё вражеские корабли, появится чудовижа, начаться ураган и тебе придётся продолжать бой. Будьте внимательны.-Как мне пока кажется, малое кол-во кораблей. Я не встретил пока мановара, и ещё несколько типов кораблей. Которые хотелось бы увидеть. Может они будут впереди).-Отвратительнейшая экономика. Ну прям очень. Можно купить товар со скидкой в одной городе, приплыть туда, где он дефицитен, и бывает так, что заплатив команде, довезя груз, продаёшь его дай бог в туже сумму. Я конечно не пробовал возить по 100 серебра, 100 столовых украшений и 100 шелков. Но уверен, что сильно с торговли в этой игре не заработать.Но и плюсы:+Видно что работа уже проведена приличная. Несколько усовершенствований и игра станет аналогом Корсарам к примеру.+Достаточно умная система распределения команды. Паруса:скорость, манёвренность и прочность парусов. Палуба: Кол-во команды, стрелки и бойцы. Трюм или такилаж: Прочность корпуса, перезарядка орудий, меткость кажись зависит)+Возможность играть нескольким игракам как мешать друг другу, так и помогать.+Куча наций и пока что достаточно интересные квесты.+Кракены и артефакты, которые позволяют делать те или иные вещи на пользу или во вред себе и противнику.+Вполне логичная система водного боя.+Очень логичная система захода на абордаж. Сначала нужно снять паруса противнику, чтобы его ""обездвижить"". И порубить желательно команду перед заходом, выставить своих людей в большей степени на абордаж. И только тогда взять корабль на абордаж.+Как я и люблю, захватываешь корабли, продаёшь, остальные корыта топишь. Форт пока не взрывал. Ибо линкор только только получил.Очень не плохо играем вдвоём. Поясню.Я получил свой барк(смог взять и победить на абордаже, да так чтобы золото осталось, и при возвращении в порт у меня команда не разбежалась из-за неуплат. примерно на часе 7-8 игры. Фреган на 13. И Линкор на 17-ом часе.Мой друг на 6.1 часу имеет уже Фрегат. Думаю к 10-ому часу игры, точно будет Линкор, если не будет тупить.Ну и совет для игроков:-Обплывыте корабль противника, если он остался один - сзади. И начинайте рубить ему паруса. Чем быстрее у Вас корабль, тем больше вероятность того, что противник не сможет дать по Вам даже 1 залп из пушек. А потом его можно брать на абордаж-топить и т.д. Но следите, чтобы у него не было артефакта на починку, иначе рискуете попасть под атаку всё равно. Я так захватил и Барк и Фрегат. Линкор вообще пришлось другой стратегиейбрать. Думаю если бы npc не затупил, я бы его и не взял. А он бы потопил меня и союзников, коих было 5 кораблей включая мой и все фрегаты!)В общем, рекомендую."
,Not Recommended,418180,25229426,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Strider,This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥if you buy this game you will just come straight off so to save money buy a half deacent older pirate game
76561198052882866,Not Recommended,418180,25104489,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Mongo,This game is terrible. Its not well thought out and the combat sucks.
,Not Recommended,418180,29311342,Posted: 16 January,all,Abyss,I had more than 8 hours on the game then it reset all my data and i now have to start from the begining don't waste your money or time.
76561198055178445,Not Recommended,418180,25415928,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,m.pankau,rubbish game dont buy
76561198044060889,Not Recommended,418180,30200797,Posted: 26 February,all,Gigoveth,Having problems with falling asleep? Try this game. All problems solved :)
,Recommended,418180,29925976,Posted: 14 February,all,143.yourkagune,"Времена ""Корсаров"" закончились, хотя они глубко врезались в мою память. Все время я искал достойную игру про морские баталии. Чего только не перепробовал. Конечно, Black flag или Rogue получились красивыми в плане моря, но все же не удовлетворили мои требования.Что же мы видим в Tempest : динамика боёв, красивое и постоянно штормящие море, множество кораблей, боеприпасов, морских баталий, всякой мистической хрени и прочего ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥а, но все же именно это игра соответствует жанру. Здесь нет сражений капитанов во время абордажа, нет открытого пространства в городах, нет грязных таверн и портовых ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ( хотя это немного печально). Здесь есть только море и ничего кроме. На вашем пути вам могут встретиться самые разнообразные приключения на ваш зад, начиная от морских чудовищ и заканчивая злым бароном, у которого вы спёрли золотишко, ибо это пиратство, детка! Подставы и предательство - норма для Tempest. Купите корабль, наймите и прокачайте команду, отправляя каждого юнгу в самое пекло, выберите сторону и сражайтесь, копите золото, избавляйтесь от надоедлевых мистических тварей на вашем корабле, улепетывайте на всех парусах от мечтающих сожрать ваш корабль морских чудовищ, попробуйте сразиться с летучим голладцем и ещё много интересного ждёт вас на вашем пути искателя приключений на свой бедный зад."
76561198052643819,Not Recommended,418180,22873334,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,josh,i would not buy this game they call it a pirate game lol what a joke you cant take over ships and use them the sea is a joke the waves are weak and the ships move way to fast there are only like five ships you can use.................if you want to be a true pirate this game not for you a have it and wish i did not buy...........the comminty is a bunch of 10 year olds so the stuff they asjk for is a joke
76561198080459231,Not Recommended,418180,30795668,Posted: 28 March,all,AcE9008,worst game ever!
76561197963027076,Recommended,418180,26152640,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,POHUYEBASHTAK,Хорошая игрушка
76561198110686034,Not Recommended,418180,32170081,Posted: 4 June,all,swanjohnson,"no character creation, the game is trash. do not buy."
76561198178406375,Recommended,418180,26152161,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,SNIKERS.Love,absolutely awesome naval combat game.
76561197963500162,Not Recommended,418180,24751020,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Tex,Its not that good
,Recommended,418180,19489205,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,zxzc77 [Sparky],I haven't even played this game much but I love it and want the first review.
76561198033555464,Recommended,418180,19490004,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Raidhunter,"Played a bit, got destroyed in the 3rd mission, alt+f4..back to anime"
,Recommended,418180,30931750,Posted: 3 April,all,not smurf,"Just a quick thumbs up for this game, not an indepth review or anything.."
76561198113334169,Recommended,418180,30843254,Posted: 30 March,all,Аляска для России,i can finally be a pirate
76561198128061139,Recommended,418180,25118343,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,delboy78910,"very good game, its really addictive! The new boarding system is really fun but the trading system in my opinion could be improved on. I dont really like the fast travel system as it shortens the game and without it it would feel a bit more imersive but thats just my take on it."
76561198246853020,Recommended,418180,32571397,Posted: 19 June,all,MLG PLAYER,"Great game, I had it on mobile for a some time before and finally puchased it for PC. Luckaly it was adapted well and is still one the the best pirate sims on the market"
,Recommended,418180,32590152,Posted: 20 June,all,Cloud 9,"This game is truly fun and worth the time you put into it. The controls are great, and while the battles can get repetitive, it still manages to entertain! (At least me lol)"
76561198018701250,Recommended,418180,32786424,Posted: 25 June,all,DoomEngine,"The amount of content and replayability, not to mention multiplayer, for such a low price is ridiculous. If you're a pirate fan, you should truly pick this up on sale now. Reminds me a bit of Sid Meier's, but without all that boring governor diplomacy rot. Weigh anchor!"
76561198064340605,Recommended,418180,32720750,Posted: 24 June,all,_BlacK_Wolf_,"очень затягивает, а еще и мультиплеер добавили вообще огонь, 10 ядер из 10"
,Recommended,418180,32819786,Posted: 26 June,all,PenderTheTyrant,"Ok i did not expect to get so involved into this game.24 hours in 3 days.You can play it while watching videos/streams no problem, it's great.Things that might be improved:-speed on map travel: there's no reason to be so slow at all.-map change portals: please remove the fact that i have to navigate to reach them, it's just a waste of time.-add more content: more differenciated missions every now and then wouldn't hurt. Also new general content (ships, weapons, special weapons etc)"
76561198290726678,Recommended,418180,32978569,Posted: 29 June,all,РОЛТОН,great game i play it on steam because my tablet is too slow for this but i would like to see the silent mary ship in this game becauze it's so beautiful ship i hope they would make that
,Recommended,418180,22848326,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,❗️❗️ Annex ❗️❗,"Recommended, but just barely. Solid B game. Does some things like sounds/graphics very well, but other things are just very lacking. Ill list some of them and you can decide if any of this bothers you:- Only one save file which you cannot reload on demand making all deaths/losses irreversible. Want to back up your save? Have fun finding it in the most obscure hidden location possible on your computer (AppData -> LocalLow -> Tempest)- So many quests at once that they really lose their meaning and you essentially sail around vising every port with a green ! or ? to progress whichever quest is present there- No voice overs, no NPCs, no portraits, feels very lifeless- All open world spawns are always in the exact same place. You get 2 ships to the left of you, 2 ships to the right of you, and depending which flag youre sailing, some are hostile. They spawn always at the same distance, in the same place, fighting the same way, making the game feel very grindy. You get a bit more variety in the quests but even those are always predictable- The game is too easy. Hard early on as you learn the mechanics and how it works, but later on its just a cake walk. You are never challenged. If there is an enemy battleship there will be only one other ship on the map, you. If there are three enemy battleships then there will be 2-3 other ships (friendly) to balance the scales. Only a few missions where youre outnumbered, and those are usualy wee little ships that die easily- Your ship fires chain fire, not salvo. Its fine for the little ships, but the big ones end up shooting for like 5 seconds, while youre steering, still hitting the target even though you may no longer have it within your line of sight. It looks stupid and unnecessarily slow- First person melee combat is stiff and rudementary. Doesnt add much to the game. Would have been better with some top down RTS play instead- Lots of buggy quests with poor descriptions not indicating which zone theyre even taking place in. Sometimes if you simply play too long the quests can stop working all together until you close and sign back in"
,Recommended,418180,35451352,Posted: 3 October,all,Etomi,"First: this game is really funny and entertaining. But if you buy it for Multiplayer I have to warn you. The Co-op only works now and than and it always is a gamble to get a connection with a friend in a co-op game room. Most times it will say ""failed to connect"". We tried it an Hour today before we surrendered. It didn't connect.However it seems, that there is some sort of workaround. If you push the ""search random game"" button at the same time with your friends, the chance is quite high, that you connect to the same random game."
