user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,418190,22560007,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Allelujah,"I usually come into reviews after a great deal of thought, but with this game I just couldn't wait to start, I enjoyed it so much; yet oddly enough I can not for the life of me put my finger on exactly why, it has a how to put it.....a certain charm to it.After finishing my first playthrough I went right back and played it again, and then after my second playthrough I went and played a third time, honestly I have no idea why I got so engrossed with it.The story is simple and enjoyable, it doesn't try to be anything more than it is, and even though it is a RPG Maker game I must give credit where it is due, the creator did an outstanding job on this nice little game.Combat is I would have to say the main part of the game and is where it stands out, every weapon has its own pros and cons, you don't level up per-se rather you use xp as a currency to improve your weapons, however you may not want to stick with your starter gear and just keep leveling it up as there are many different weapons you can acquire throughout the game.The various different areas, each having their own theme whether your finding secrets or solving puzzles, there is a great deal of backtracking going back and forth through these areas but it never gets to an annoying point throughout all my playthroughs it never once bothered me.Overall I would have to say that Helen's Mysterious Castle is a great game that is more than worth the price, it is both well written and presented, the game is not difficult so you can just sit back and enjoy the ride.(Like all my reviews I do not put a score as it is my belief that games like all forms of art are subjective and therefore it is impossible to afix a number to them)"
76561198114339588,Recommended,418190,32271414,Posted: 8 June,all,Crip,"Playing this was a 9/10 experience. Go ahead and get it. It's a short game that you can probably finish in one sitting, but for this price it's very much worth it.The combat starts simple, but gets deeper as you advance. Fights later will even require you to always think one or two steps ahead of your enemy. From such a short game you obviously can't expect the most complex story, but I was pleasantly surprised at the twists and feels I got from this. The story made me giggle, feel anger, sadness, relief and happiness. It's all here.I'm very happy with the purchase"
76561198038633281,Recommended,418190,21903951,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,mad2bthere,"a simple RPG, nice combat you lvl your weapons not your toon. Its good little game nice music, almost no story. its worth it the 1.99 I paid for it. The biggest fault i can find its the resolution its really small, and if maximaze it, looks weird. so in summary.*Good little RPG on a good little window*Simplistic (I think you could play this game with a two button controller)*Fun for short plays*Good price*Good little graphics"
76561198019839359,Recommended,418190,21910245,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Rookie (ZOE),"For the VERY low price this is set on, it's basically a steal.  It seems simple at first glance, but once you get into it you realize it is a LOT more unique than most RPGs out there, you have to think along the lines of which of your weapons/shields/spells should be best used for each situation, ESPECIALLY the boss fights.  So far i'm loving this title already and while some ""might"" get stuck at parts, they just have to use what they can plainly see to get them through each time they are stuck.  The part with the locked rooms for instance, well...  Let's just say that the hint you're given literally spells out what to do, all you need to do is just relax where he says to, simple as that.  ^^All-in-all I love this title already, a solid 9/10 for me, worthy of a sequel if you ask me, hell, even RPGMaker titles based on its unique system would be nice as well, dead serious here...!. ^^"
76561197993268038,Recommended,418190,32056480,Posted: 29 May,all,Thanatos,Quaint and wonderful RPG.  The quality of the battle system really surprised me.  Can't go wrong with the price.
76561198094882627,Recommended,418190,21937643,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,grey_cain,"Such a fun little game, and well worth the asking price!Combat is easily the best part of the game, and it's really fun! More fun than just about any other RPG on the market, completely unlike any other RPG Maker game I've seen. Each weapon has its own advantages and disadvantages between Effect (attack power), Defense (you can reduce damage even while attacking), and Wait (the delay before the attack occurs). The wait timer is the key to it all, as even a single point of difference in Wait can change your options significantly.You don't have levels, but your weapons do. You spend your XP to improve your weapons, so your starter gear can still put up a fight for a long time without needing to be replaced. There are also a lot of weapons to choose from, but you can only carry 8 at a time. However, you are able to get back dropped items, so there's never any worry about dropping the wrong item to make space for new ones.There's very little randomization in the way enemies react, so it's a little like a puzzle to try to figure out the most efficient ways to take down each enemy. Saying that, the AI is a little weak. Once you know what attacks they have, It's easy to lock enemies into a pattern that they will never break out of. Figuring that out, though, can take some educated guesswork.The dungeons are different in both appearance and theme. One area is about helping people, another is about solving (easy) puzzles, a third is about finding secret rooms (other areas have hidden rooms, but this area uses them to progress as well), and the starter areas and final zones to round out the package. The story takes you up and down through the levels multiple times, so there's additional backtracking in case you missed something or you can use shortcuts. Content-wise, other than the equipment there isn't really a whole lot, but I don't have any complaints for the price I paid.I'd really love to see more games in this style, and I definitely recommend this game for 16-bit RPG fans!"
,Recommended,418190,22075888,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,hiroruby,"I greatly enjoyed this game, I havn't enjoyed anything in a long time either.I can't give it any higher praise than that."
,Recommended,418190,22348259,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Itrocan,"If I listed off the flaws, you could get the impression that this is someone's first poorly done RPGMaker game, and it may as well be (except the poorly-done part.)  There is a visible increase in the design skill as you progress.Audio is acceptable.  Visuals I believe are mostly the included RPGMaker tilesets and sprites.  Story is weak, but gets better.  The menus are overly basic, I'm not sure you can load a save without restarting, or change audio volumes.  Lastly, one puzzle involved an element I never knew the game had, thankfully at least there are online playthroughs if you're stuck.The combat is the main strong point and interesting enough to last for the duration of the game.  The only skill needed is basic math, the game has no resource management except spending EXP to upgrade items.  Had the game been longer, there was plenty of room for the combat system to grow as to not get tiring.Overall, is satisfactory.  For the asking price, got more than my money's worth out of it."
,Recommended,418190,30971380,Posted: 5 April,all,jackmargarito,"Helen's Mysterious Castle is one of the best games I've played in a while. The nostalgic bit-ness of this game makes you feel like you're playing some age-old game, which is (in my opinion, at the very least) really nice. However, this game's best asset is the creativity put into the fighting system. Equipped with a max of 10 weapons in your current inventory and I don't even how many collectible weapons in total, you slash and shield and blast your way through a turn-based sort of system. The characters are likeable, the environment is amazing, the art and care placed into this game is superb. I entirely love this game in all of its aspects, from the hidden little secrets to the overall plot. I recommend this game for anyone who enjoys RPGs in general."
76561198303753026,Recommended,418190,33109358,Posted: 1 July,all,Ribbonquest,"Take a journey back to the early 90s. You find an RPG you've never heard of on the shelf at your local Blockbuster. Being despirate for RPGs, you rent it. There's no instruction manual but after two or three hours you figure out most of the controls and how to make your character stronger.The protagonist is silent, the localization is odd, the combat system is often slow and tactics are pure math. But dammit this is the early 90s and you will devour every RPG you can get your hands on!It's certainly not the best RPG but it costs as much as a vending machine Snickers bar (depending on current sale and vending machine) and lasts longer. Expect to die a lot. There's no penalty for death and, in fact, there's a reward. I discovered the hard way that F12 (the default screenshot button) takes you back to the main menu with no ""Are you sure?"" warning."
,Recommended,418190,23527656,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,12p Ronald,"?You can't read this.Join the adventure of the silent and illiterate Helen on her quest to learn how to read!Make your way through dungeons crawling with monsters by simply being too adorable to hit!This game features an interesting combat mechanic that has either little or no RNG at all. For me, that's fantastic. This allows you to plan your moves ahead and predict your opponent's next move, if you know them.The humour is great and the game gave me chills by how it told the story of Helen and the castle.~end game mention (spoilers maybe?)~No jrpg is finished without an optional boss, complete with his own dungeon introducing new foes with some nasty abilities. I found this very enjoyable after completing the main game, and as a fan of Ahriman's Prophecy I was in for a pleasant surprise.. Although I want to punch the Lord of Chaos in the face."
,Recommended,418190,22667724,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Aya,"Helen's Mysterious Castle... What to say about this game. First, a positive criticism! It's a RPg, ok, but not as the other.I have a passion for RPG currently on Steam. I'm looking for games type ""Old School"" with fighting turn-based like in Final Fantasy. I want a nice little story, with sub quests. And with this game, I was greatly served!The story occurs gradually. The fights are completely new and awesome and it's not the turn-based. No inventory with items to find and store. Just select weapons that you find. You must choose which is best for each fight. There is not much, just the basics for each level. Those that you do not keep are stored in a location that you access easily.The most interresting happens during the fight! You must use sparingly every second of every fight! You will see when you will play it, I don't want saying more!I can only recommend this game with a coherent story and really funny dialogues the most of the time and until the end!I have one regret, there's no Steam success..."
,Recommended,418190,22095754,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,ＥＮＤＭＹＬＩＦＥ 2: Electric Bugaloo,"Short Review:A light, fast-paced, incredibly full of value RPG stuffed with character and charm, well worth the $2 price. Definite recommendation.Longer Review:Helen's Mysterious Castle is, at its core, an action-adventure game with RPG elements. The main character, Helen, explores the titular castle to discover who she is, why she's there, and whether or not she should leave. However, Helen cannot speak, or even read, instead conversing with by replying ""?"" and ""!"", adding a charming quirk to her adventure. Side characters instead will fill you in as the game progresses, and the story is pleasant enough for any age, neither too childish, nor too serious.Perhaps the biggest difference between this game and other RPGs lies in the unique combat system. Imagine an Active Time Battle system from Final Fantasy that you can control the flow of. Each weapon has a ""wait"" stat, which tells you how many more moves you'll have before the item you selected will be used, or, in the case of shields, how long it will be active for. This adds tactical play, as all battles are 1 on 1, and you can see when the enemy will attack, too. EXP from battles goes to leveling up items, and health is increased by breaking jars that sometimes contain health capsules.Battles are fast, dangerous, and even puzzle-like, but your inventory can hold 8 items at a time, and a majority of items are useful enough to get you through a fight one way or another. If you run out of room, dropping an item will place it in an item bank you can access later in the game.And if you die in battle, you aren't forced to reload a save--the game sends you back to a nearby location and gives you a health boost item to make the fight a little easier next time. I beat the game without saving after dying and I don't think a 100% perfect run unlocks anything special, so don't worry, there really is only a benefit to dying.The Mysterious Castle is packed with secrets and intelligent game design, teaching the player the mechanics without telling them, in a sense. Graphics are pleasant, sound is great. If I had one qualm, it'd be that sometimes there are secrets that involve walking through random walls. Some of these areas are hinted at through dialogue, but I became conditioned to run straight into every wall for a while just in case. Nothing is missable, but items are valuable, so I can't hold it against the game necessarily.Plus, the game is only $2. I won't give a playtime so you won't know when the game ends, but I guarantee you'll get your money's worth.I 100% recommend this game, especially because even if you don't like it, you're only losing a Large Fries side order at Wendy's, and the money goes to someone clearly passionate about game design."
,Recommended,418190,29378610,Posted: 20 January,all,TeddyStyle,"Helen's Mysterious Castle is an absolute beauty of a game. It is made with RPGmaker but it has the nostalgia kind of feels towards the environment and characters. This game is an dungeon explorer, working with floors and puzzles, and also an RPG in terms of combat and story.The environment of the game very nice. The music is pretty good but I wish there was an option to lower it or make it louder. The dungeons themself, there are 4 floors which are pretty well structured. I like how they did hide some of the items although in your first playthrough you are definitly going to miss half of them because they have a secret part of the wall where you can go in or something like that. Unfortunately due to the top down view of the dungeon you can't really see them. There is mostly healing provided at the beginning of a dungeon or sometimes in the middle. In the end of most dungeons, unless the boss is guarding something like an item you need to beat them to get into a new dungeon. Bosses get exponentially harder each time and you will need a decent strategy to be able to beat them.The story starts off with a lot of questions, you literally get thrown out in the game without any sense of who is who and what the backstory is at all. For some reason she cannot read nor speak but whenever doing a certain chain of events she gets to read a little bit. I like the silent protagonist it fits the story because you are supposed to be a girl who suffered a blackout for a very long time and she wants to explore the world, or castle in this game. Like with the items advancing the story is also figuring it out along the way. In your first playthrough you are probably going to miss a few things or won't understand some puzzles along the way but don't worry it's normal in this game. I guess the abstractness is part of the challenge. The story really catches you with a fishing rod and reels you in successfully. Your vision of each character changes the longer you play. Not to mention the plot twists which come along. All the questions that were open in the beginning of the game are answered throughout the game which is nice. Along with a nice story belongs a certain level of humor, which I felt like they did achieve in this game, I laughed everytime because the timing and the joke themselfs were on point. The game gives the player the option to choose between two endings a good and a bad one. I don't think that should be an option since the bad ending just results in getting out in the heat of the action and missing the most heroic ending I've seen in ages.The combat system is also something the developper should be proud of. Instead of the standard I get to stab the enemy gets to stab turn system they have worked out something that really makes you strategise more. In your inventory you can hold 8 items max and you can choose from a wide variety from weapons and shields or spells which you can level with XP or holding passive items which gives you a minor but mandatory boost sometime. Spells have different kinds of effects like healing, piercing, stunning, poisoning, silencing or absorbing. Unfortunately is that you get only to play yourself with the first two types of effetcs. I would have loved to try out the others. Every action has a waiting duration, this counts for you and the enemy you are facing. This means that you need to strategise which item to use and when and when to block and when to attack or when to heal. The surprise effect is in the beginning of the battle because they don't show what they queued until you have queued something. Most battles follow an algoritm, this also counts for some boss battles but they can go off from that algoritm. If it does happen it's mostly a counter to what you have queued up. Without a decent strategy you might die sometimes which is not as bad as it sounds. When you die you get extra max HP up to 90 (means that this works until 90, not that you get 90 instantly).All in all a good RPG which shows that going aside from the RPG standards won't always result in a bad game. A very good catchy story, good combat system and lovable environment and characters. What I'm most surprised about is the costs of the trading cards if you are into that market. If you are an RPG lover don't hesitate to pick this up."
,Recommended,418190,21905141,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,ManyLovebites,With that price I can suggest try this out.. especially if you like other rpg maker's games.
,Recommended,418190,28702767,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Shayda,"Was thinking about buying this game for a while and didn't buy it sooner because I thought I would buy it and never touch it, I was wrong. This game reminds me of old games i used to play similar to this like Lufia or even Final Fantasy. The game kept me occupied for the day and has a pretty good story behind it. If you like RPGs than this game is almost a must. It's value is definetly more than $2. If you like speedrunning, this game seems like a good game to do so."
76561198019576097,Recommended,418190,33639726,Posted: 18 July,all,FullMetal,"Amazing little gem.Battle system is the star of the show, seriously some big RPG out there doesn't have something like this. Even buying it full price is a steal.Give it a shot, you won't regret."
,Recommended,418190,23515521,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Hels Haven,"Honestly I didnt think I would enjoy this game as much as I have been so far with my exp playing this quirky game.For a $2 game you can expect a pretty dam good experience with this retro JRPG style game despite it throwing you in the game with no explanation whatsoever. It's most likely a short game given its price. But as you go along with the game the story slowly but surely unfolds itself both subtlely and obviously as you progress through the game.But what I really made an impression on me is that you can tell the devs had fun making this game as its evidently clear with its plot twist trolling and pun intended humor. Not to mention what surprised me was its refinement system and simple yet intuitive turn based battle sequence. Also the OST tracks are quite memorable and the MC is a cutie. (When you open the item menu keep an eye on her every couple seconds. You won't regret it)Generally you see ""EXP"" as the numbers to indicate when your character will lv right? Welp not for this illiterately challenged elf girl. The ""EXP"" gained from defeating foes is soley used to refine the equipment you find via the item menu.  As your Eff(Atk) and Def is soley based on the gear you chose to use during combat.Elf girl herself doesnt gain any stat boosts at all other than HP boosts you find lying around or free steak when your defeated (yay).Now the combat system is different but intuitive in its own little way compared to the generic turn based combat. I'll over glorify it alittle. This games combat is all about momentum and how well you can control the flow of battle with some slight predictive insight on how the enemy will react to the equipment you decide to bust out in battle.  As each equipment has a ""Wait"" count to it which is the amount of numerals it will take for the equipment used to take effect. That applies to the enemies as well. Refinement generally reduces wait count on said equipment so be sure to grind for EXP. You will be fine as long as you know simple subtraction. Some monsters are trickier than others especially with feints.Now although I already pointed this out, I am enjoying the game in my current 1st playthrough. Also F4 to toggle full screen."
,Recommended,418190,23843272,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,poopdude69,"Cute JRPG.  Definitely worth what they're asking.  Combat is unique in that all actions take a specific amount of time to complete, and you see enemy actions and the time they have left to complete it.  Makes for a fun risk/reward system when you figure out what actions they have and how your own attacks will line up.Story is cute too.  It's entertaining, doesn't overstay its welcome, and is worth the two dollars they're asking.  Give it a try!"
,Recommended,418190,22035243,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Crowbeak,"This game doesn't start you off with any story, just a warning not to go explore the ruins. Which of course you go to do... and story comes up later. It's a really neat way to do things and has a neat battle system as well. If you like unique things, you should 100% get this. If you're not usually a fan of RPGs because the amount of exposition bothers you, you should consider giving this game a try; it's not heavy-handed with the story at all."
,Recommended,418190,23445659,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,FantasticPancake,"Really cool strategic mechanics, although they often come down to ""guard until you can squeeze in an attack.""A nice spin on JRPGs.EDIT 6/13:I'd like to add, now that I've finished the game in full, the challenge amps up in fun and engaging ways throughout, and the story is surprisingly satisfying.The title's reliance on stock sprites becomes really apparent right at the end, but it doesn't really detract from the experience.As the game goes on, it throws new and interesting types of challenges at you, and you will have to constantly change up your strategies, especially in the bonus dungeon. I strongly recommend for anyone looking for a unique type of RPG challenge."
76561198069159152,Recommended,418190,31704186,Posted: 12 May,all,wrb41977,"This is a cheap, well-made game that is a loving tribute to the 16-bit games of yore. I mean, you go around having 1-on-1 fights, finding weapons and armor, and smashing pottery all over the place... It seems a call-back to Zelda at the least.It is also engaging and fun. And for $2, it isn't like you have much to lose."
,Recommended,418190,24373294,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,AnotherMemory,"Such a marvellous little RPG!General Overview:It's not a very long game, nor is it too challenging if you know what you're doing. The game mechanics work really well, being turn- AND Wait-based. Wait-based? Yes! The Wait gauge telling you how long you have to ""wait"" until you can execute your move. Being fast usually means hitting less hard, but being quick can result in the opponent doing some serious damage.Story:The story is a bit lacking. Took me a while to figure out I was a monster, living with monsters that look like humans. The game is pretty linear, and so is the story, but it can be difficult to figure out just where to go and what to do next. There's not much character development either.Inventory:Your inventory is limited to eight items, be it weapons or gear. If you collect an item, that you later wish to drop, just drop it. It is ""collected"" by one of the NPC's and you can easily get it back. The weapons and spells are pretty cool, but the Heal-spell is a bit of a let down. It decreases a level every time you use it outside of a battle, meaning you have to upgrade it again.Leveling:You don't level. Your character, Helen, doesn't get stronger. The EXP you earn are instead used for leveling and upgrading weapons and spells. That's a pretty interesting and unique idea for a game made with RPG-Maker! Throughout the story, you'll be able to find Health Bonuses, boosting your Max HP with a few HP. The steaks you get when you die, help a bit too, but only to a certain extent.Visuals:This game looks wonderful! It's made in RPG-Maker, but it looks so much better and more customised than any other RPG-Maker game I've played before. The characters look cute, you can actually open cupboards and every monster is represented by an overworld sprite and a portrait.Music:Standard music, but nice tunes. In the credits, all songs are credited, which leaves me to assume they come from the free music database. That doesn't make them any less fun to listen to though! ^ u^Controls:Really easy to use. Just use the arrows to walk and Z and X for other actions, hold Shift to run and you're good to go. Don't accidentally hit the F12 key to make a screenshot, it brings you back to the Title Screen... That happens to some people, you know >///>Overall Opinion:A wonderful, short, fun and exiting RPG to play, that can be challenging at times, but never too much to make you stop playing it. I've read some reports of the game crashing, but I haven't even encountered a glitch, other than the music not always starting when you reload.Get this game, it's fairly cheap and a lot of fun to play! It also comes with seven Trading Cards!! ^ u^"
76561198025597060,Recommended,418190,32699692,Posted: 23 June,all,Science,"I picked this game up on a whim for something to do and ended up finding myself charmed by it's battle system and characters. It took about four hours plus an hour of completely unnecessary grinding, leaving me wishing for more but not overstaying its welcome."
,Recommended,418190,31851907,Posted: 19 May,all,BludStanes,"Yes, it's an RPG maker. It has an okay plot. But it has one of the most awesome battle systems I've ever played. Maybe there has been another game with this type, but I haven't played it. It's almost like rock paper scissors... sword magic shield defense electricity crossbow... etc et al. It's part guessing what your opponent will do, learning different enemy strats and finding a good setup/build. It starts out very easy, don't let that fool you, enemies get smarter and tougher as it goes on. Overall I love this game for the battle system alone... the story is kind of cute too I guess."
,Recommended,418190,32795741,Posted: 25 June,all,毒島,"This game was awsome, I can't a think about a single thing I didn't enjoy about it !!!"
,Recommended,418190,25315184,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Imskiller99,"Good gameSound track is greatGraphics look greatCombat is extreamly good. (If you are a numbers guy like me at least)Good humorNot real options AFAIK (F4 is to make it full screen and F12 is to reset the game to title screen)Can get lost extreamly easily (Had to look up a guide 4 times)Doesn't tell you how to upgrade weapons, which is extreamly importantButtons could be a lot better, but are not terrible.1.99 USD game. Got about 8 hours worth of game. Cheap and can have replay value for some (not much for me)7/10 Good game over all but not perfect. Try it if you can."
,Recommended,418190,22832408,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,dreamnook,"It's pretty enjoyable for certain hours of gameplay.There're two possible reasons you want to quit.1. There is NO OPENING.2. It focus on gameplay at start.Which means if you want a storyline, you have to play up to 30 mins at least I think.A little bit too slow for warming up.But I think it's definitely worth. Both the mechanism and the plot are simple and neat.Take a bite."
76561198078904336,Recommended,418190,22637121,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,MasterAndrew777,Of all the games that are low in price. Helen's Mysterious Castle is a fun experience with a wonderful story to it that can bring you to tears. The game has a wonderful sound track to it for each scene. If you're looking for a simple RPG that's low in price. I say Helen's Mysterious Castle is the game for you. I rate this game a 10/10 in my book.
,Recommended,418190,28132190,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,MoGek0ɴ,"For someone like me, who generally shrugs off RPGs, I like to everynow and then shake things up and headplant into games whose category are not my forte at all, and rarely am I ever surprised.Helen's Mysterious Castlethough, left me pleasantly surprised.StoryFor what it sets out to do, its prettydecent and straight-forwardi'll try to avoid the fact that the genesis of it isVERY similarto a certain taleUnder, but nontheless, its effective, easy to grasp and fairly original.WritingIs strikingly ironic that this point is still here taking on account how the heroine is absolutely, entirely, possitively, incapable of reading or talking, is not like the game is Le Graveyard though, this game has something of a NINTENDO Syndrome, the main character is a mute, but the world around you does a great job with information and chatters.For a RPG though, there's not much character development, with one expection mind you.Overall,Simple, but effective.GameplayOkay now, this is the part I tend to hate the most aboutRPGs, Turn-based gameplay I tend to find silly and too restrictive for my tastes, however, this game manages toBrilliantly handle RPG tropes with a very unique spin to the Turn-based formula.You have the standard Weapons, Items, Enhancing and all that good jazz, but this game manages to simplify core elements of RPGs, while tuning them to be equally engaging and easy to understand, special mention to theWaitsystem, which introduces a large pool for optimization and a risk-reward formula.The wayEXPis handled is very effective for quick-learners while also cutting down tremendously on the usual Grind factor of a RPG, along-side the depth of theWaitsystem, makes fora very free-flowing and enjoyable, still strategic combat, you even get to experience playing with enemies' moveset and stats for a short time!I fuᴄking love that!Only gripe I truly have is the abundance ofDefense Ignoringattacks, itkinda breaks the game on both ways, but you'll get used to telegraph them or maximize them.GraphicsTo put it bluntly,Delightful.The landscapes you travel in range from Lively gardens to Lost ruins, all of them bringing absolutely amazing amounts of graphical detail and appeal, in-battle, making basic actions or even when posing during the Menu, everything is detail and animated silky smoothly.SoundtrackHave this analogy, itslike fast food, is amazing while having it, but is fairly easy to forget afterwards.The composition is mostly atmospherical, holding onto enough head-bopping traits to make it catchy.However, with the two exceptions beingDemon KingCastle andHero Zack's Battle Theme, I can't really hum it by memory, that doesn't mean is bad, it just isn't infectuous.DurationAs games made on Game Maker would have dictated by now, pretty short,5 Hours tops.DON'T LET MY PLAYTIME DECIEVE YOU, It wasn't for the adventure itself, it's just that this game seriouslyLOVES FAKE WALLS, Two of them being related to Story progression with one not having any hint, so watch out.tl;drGetting this game for only 2$ is literally robbery, the fun this game will provide deserves atleast a few bucks more, if you are a fan ofRPGs, definitely add this to your Collection,if you are not a fan, get it anyway, it offers great accesibility while not hand-holding you,its a great entry-level RPG that doubles as a sufficient for RPG aficionados!As such, I grant this game the mysterious...MenuWinks/10no srsly helen winks when you are in the item menu, is fuqin adorable"
76561198006432354,Recommended,418190,21980520,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Herodanger,A mildly tactical RPG that is fun to play and has controller support. If you are a fan of the Lufia series of old school rpg titles then this will remind you of it with the dungeon design style and some of the music does as well. Combat is quick but still makes you think about what to do each turn and is a good take on the traditional turn based combat. You level up your weapons and not your character but you do get health upgrades by defeating bosses and cracking open certain pots which add up. This can be a little dificult at times but can feel rewarding when you have mastered the way you wish to play. For the price you are paying i can safely say that this game is worth it and i would still have bought it had it been twice as much.
76561198388163760,Recommended,418190,32467975,Posted: 16 June,all,Strider,Great game for a low price. The story starts off really slow but it gets better through out the game.
76561198188664927,Recommended,418190,26831099,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,HeWhoShantBeNamed,"This game gives a nice twist to what can be a repetitive combat system in most RPGs, and what I most appreciate about it is that it's very intuitive and easy to pick up and understand.  I'll give a brief overview here, but if you simply experience the game it won't take long for you to grasp it.  Your attacks have 3 main stats - attack power, defense power, and cast time.  As you progress you will have as many as 8 attacks to choose from in any given situation and have to predict what actions the enemy will take as you select your moves.  If you play too defensively, they might use an attack that ignores all defense power, making you waste time you could be attacking and still get damaged in the process.  If you play too aggressively with low defense they'll outspeed you and hit you while you're vulnerable.  It makes even simple enemies potentially dangerous since each attack and strategy has pros and cons to it and you'll have to adapt for each enemy.  For this reason, this is the kind of RPG where you are likely to die, as a new enemy you don't know how to handle can outmaneuver you.  However, ""Death,"" is lightly punished (it's actually beneficial if it's at the right part of the game as you'll get an HP boost) as you'll respawn in a bed without losing any XP you gained before, ""Dying.""  If you do get stuck for a while, a bit of grinding to boost up your equipment, and adjusting your approach will likely see you through quick enough.Grinding in this game is different than in others as you use experience points like currency to upgrade the power of your weapons.  Some are inherently weaker and improve very little, even when maxed out, whereas others increase by larger amounts, and are a better investment for your experience.  I do wish they were a bit more balanced in that regard, but it works, especially as there is a decent inventory of equipment for the scope of the game.I suppose the game does live up to its title, as there are plenty of secrets in the game, requiring the player to inspect and navigate the areas carefully in order to get much needed equipment to progress, as well as get to the next section.One thing that amuses me about the story of the game is how it keeps going on further than expected.  There were two times in the game where I thought it was nearing the end, but that turned out to be a diversion as there was yet another area to go through.  I've played plenty of RPGs in my day, yet they did surprise me with that, as it is hard to tell the exact length of an RPG maker game though the chest layout should have given me more of a hint there was still more to go.  What further supports this point is that you don't get much exposition at the beginning and are merely tossed into the game world, which worked quite well here.I did experience a glitch that crashed the game, which can hopefully be patched so it doesn't discourage people from finishing the game.  Thankfully you can save at most anytime, and if you do so after every mini-boss, you shouldn't have any issues.  I haven't yet finished the game, but I'd recommend it to anyone who likes having to think through RPG fights instead of mindlessly tapping the attack option until they get to a boss, as this battle mechanic is something I'd like seeing in a larger RPG title."
,Recommended,418190,25728504,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Crono Maniac,"Helen's Mysterious Castle shines with charm and class.Its story is minimal and affecting. It starts with no intro to speak of, dropping you straight into its world, then gradually unfurls. Little characters and moments are far more important than they initially appear. Short conversations endear you to its characters, so much so that you're sad when they're seemingly gone forever, and overjoyed when they return.These narrative arcs elevate what's already a world-class dungeon-crawler. The level layouts are smart, economical, and dense. The one-on-one battles last under a minute a-piece, and pose extremely clever and engaging tactical challenges. It's a hard game at times, but also very kind -- death in battle poses no penalty except for sending you to the start of the dungeon, where you're given a meal that permanently raises your max HP.The aesthetic builds on default resources with heaps of excellent custom sprites, animation, and reorchestrated music. For someone already delighted by the RPGMaker 2000 aesthetic, the effect is intoxicating.Helen's Mysterious Castle takes exactly the amount of time it needs to fully explore the greater realities of its combat and its characters. Then it ends, without wasting your time. It is a thoughtful and lovely game, and I look forward to revisiting it in the future."
76561198259268932,Recommended,418190,22562248,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Eletale,"Short but really fun game, with a rather unique take on turn based combat. Good music at the beginning which becomes great at the end, and boss battles are exciting.My only complain is that, since enemies tend to make your move on basis on what you select first, it is rather easy to trick lesser monsters into performing a sequence they cannot deal damage with, which became repetitive, but since grinding is fast in this game, it's not that noticeable."
,Recommended,418190,21984791,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,cngo4,Amazing and cute RPG with a female protagonist. Story is revealed through interactions with other characters and there's a unique battle system :)
,Recommended,418190,29814694,Posted: 9 February,all,MrGazillion,"The GoodThis game was a huge surprise. It's well reviewed but I had never heard of it so I was skeptical. This game is absolutelyawesome.The game has a unique battle system that is fun to discover. The system requires you to manage which ability you use based on your enemy's next move and in how much time they will use their ability. By studying your enemy's skillset you can trick them into using specific abilities which would you put you in a better situation. For example, if you start the battle with a quick attack they will start with a defense ability that lasts a while which gives you plenty of time to cast your spells. Learning how to juggle your foe is awesome.The game also has very well designed levels. Nothing feels inflated for the sake of increasing the game time. Not only do the levels feel right, there are secret passages that lead to new items -- it rewards exploration. The secret passages are super obvious but there are visual cues that hint at something, so if you're attentive you'll be rewarded!Another aspect that I loved about this game was the story. While the game starts off light on story, it's unravels itself as you explore the castle. I wanted to keep playing to find out what was going to happen next. This feeling was intensified by the awesome cast of characters. If I were to describe them in reference to another game, I'd say they are UnderTale-like. The type of characters I wouldn't be surprised to find in a Saturday morning cartoon. Fun and full of personality.The BadWhile I loved the characters, I think some of the charm is removed by the naming convention.The ancient hero from 100 years ago was named Alex. The new hero's name is Zack.The protagonist is Helen. I mean, might as well call it Brittney's Mysterious Castle. It's not a huge deal but it is a little immersion breaking, doesn't quite fit the setting.Some of the translation was a little sloppy. There were a few typos (albeit not many) but quite a few broken characters.The UglyLet's be honest, the game makes use of some of the default assets. That's a bit of a turnoff and is one of the reason I was skeptical when I was going into the game. While Satra designed extra frames for these characters, they are still part of the default assets, it is quite the turn off."
,Recommended,418190,29552717,Posted: 28 January,all,Sweet Hersh,"This is a fantastic game and at 2$ it's great purchase. Beautiful pixel art, fun battling, good amount of gameplay, and overall charming. After beating the game I was sad that it was over and wanted to see the other games by the developer. It also gives many choices of equiptment for battling and 2 different endings for the player to choose. I would reccomend this game to game players with limited cash or for someone who just wants a laid back adventure."
76561198044284765,Recommended,418190,33677352,Posted: 20 July,all,Cho.K,"Gameplay is straightforward, but not simple.I wish it had much more story. 8/10"
76561198007177406,Recommended,418190,26322724,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Weisschen,"A game that is more than worth its small priceA pleasant length of around 5 hours of playtime, a unique and very fun leveling and battling system; a quirky, sometimes serious storyline, which doesn't take itself to serious for the most part.This all topped of with above average looking sprites and memorable Hero and Boss Monster designs alike make this a cheap and short, but overall very positive experience, which I would have gladly payed a higher price for if demanded.Should you require an arbitrary number to better understand how exactly I rate this game then I will herewith grant this game a8.5/10for the above mentioned reasons + the price."
,Recommended,418190,32307639,Posted: 9 June,all,Question,"good soundtrackgood battle system that is simple but provides an ok challengecharming art even if there are a lot of RPG maker default assets usedappropriate length, not too short and doesn't overstay its welcome"
,Recommended,418190,23318682,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,JKDarkseid,Really fun little JRPG. I\'m about two-thirds through and I feel confident in saying that this game is an absolute steal at two bucks. Love how the battle system rewards strategic play and planning with the act counter system. Surprisingly in depth.
,Recommended,418190,32772886,Posted: 25 June,all,fishfacethedestroyer,"Helen's Mysterious Castle is a short and sweet feels trip.Imagine if Undertale was Actually Retro instead of Fake Retro and make it a satisfying amount less meta. Then make the battle system utterly ingenious, remove all the bullet hell aspects, and make the random encounters not random at all and completely avoidable if you're not in the mood.It's very much worth the asking price. 10/10 would steak again."
,Recommended,418190,23806986,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,emyr,"This game was so much fun. The gameplay seems simple, but it also has its complexities.I really loved it: both gameplay and story-wise. Even though there is no development in the main character, the rest of the cast makes up for it.I finished this game in about 6 hours, and I will definitely replay it again someday!"
76561198003179105,Recommended,418190,30911452,Posted: 2 April,all,Frumoffu,"This game is a diamond in the rough. Great soundtracks, an excellent story with a pleasant mix of seriousness and silliness. The combat style was a new experience to me but it was fun.It was a pleasure to discover this game and you too can enjoy it for a mere few dollars."
76561198232051720,Recommended,418190,33366552,Posted: 8 July,all,Babus,super fun undertale vibes funny worththanks
76561198117518423,Recommended,418190,33391242,Posted: 8 July,all,Razorwind,"I really enjoyed this game - totoally worth 2 bucks! Overall it was a charming experience which I couldn't stop playing.The combat system was super simple but had depth and strategy. Each move has an attack, defense, and time it takes to execute. Eventually it got repetitive, especially when fighting the same monsters again and again, but the game mixed things up frequently and never felt static."
76561197999294964,Recommended,418190,26737517,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Zazu/Ibl,"Amazing battle system, that actually required you to think ahead a bit (until you learned how to beat all kinds of enemies and then smashed them for the rest of the dungeon, but you know...). An alright story. A lot of stuff to explore. Many, many weapons, spells and other items to find and use. Some stuff was only useful for certain battles, some stuff for just about the entire game. Which is perfectly fine in my opinion.All in all, a 9/10 game for me."
,Recommended,418190,24000576,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Senile,"Perhaps one of the better games out there made in RPG Maker. Sure, the game uses stock assets, but additional work has been put into the characters and enemies to give them more than what you usually see on the surface.The story starts off slow, with nothing really guiding you other than your own drive for adventure. After progressing deeper into the dungeons, the story begins to unravel revealing much more than what was introduced. Characters you meet each have unique personalities with most brimming with optimism.The gameplay is centered on duels, with each enemy having a unique pattern or gimmick you must solve either by brute force or careful strategic planning. As you get stronger, by leveling your weapons and eating a lot of steak, you'll find that duels you previously thought were difficult become really trivial.I don’t believe I’ve ran into a JRPG with such a rewarding final scenario than this game. Everything really comes together. There are also minor nuances that help bring the game to life as well being used for specific purposes.  If you enjoyed duel mechanics in JRPGS, and memorable characters and enemies, this is one to pick up."
,Recommended,418190,24763626,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,vern.zimm,"This is the indie equivalent of the classic SNES JRPG games. Shorter and with less story and depth, but supremely satisfying turn/wait based combat that is unique for every mob and boss. A lot of thought went into this game and it shows. There are more than 20 items (weapon/shield/magic/passive) including some ""uniques"", but you can only carry 8 at a time, so your loadout makes a huge difference. Helen doesn't level up, but her items do, and she gains health in various ways as you progress.There are also two? endings... I got the lame ending first because I couldn't figure out what she means by ""!"" and ""?"" (!=yes, ?=no). Reloaded my save and finished up with the real ending... loved it! There were a few other times I feel I might have missed out on some extra little tidbits. Make sure to read everything (once you can read), and talk to everyone (also the fairy when she is with you)."
,Recommended,418190,24285853,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Ekam,"A nice RPG with an interesting setting and paceCharacters: Lively with all unique personalities and actually interestingStory: It starts slow but it gets goodCombat System: Getting used to some battles can be a bit annoying, but i think is because the game doesnt make you feel safe, wich is good, the bosses and important battles are all really goodMusic: Its really nice, goes with the ambientation and would actually listen it by itselfGraphics: The pixel art is nice, with more bits it would be awesomeLenght: is short but it develops wellThe bad: The RPG School 2000 works bad in fullscreen, is not playable that wayThis was left for some kind of continuation I hope the project really continues"
,Recommended,418190,23882490,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Backstory,"Unique combat system. Each item becomes an attack that has a wait time associated with it; enemy attacks also have wait times. It becomes a puzzle to see when to attack or defend based on what the enemy is doing. Nice, SNES-like art with appropriate music. Fun exploration and neat levelling mechanic."
,Not Recommended,418190,33868753,Posted: 28 July,all,Mayreem,"I liked the fighting in this game. Very detailed animations, and diverse enemies. My only complaint is I had no idea what was going on story wise. I also had no idea what I was supposed to do, or where to go. All of which is very important to me in a game."
,Recommended,418190,24850762,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Popispropaganda,"Math RPG, good game for the cost. Play it, you like it. If it looks jerky when it is full screen for you restore the orginal smaller box view to get rid of that."
,Recommended,418190,24901767,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,JakeInTheGrass,One of the best RPG Maker games I've played!The custom battle scripts are unique and the characters are cute.
76561198056701760,Recommended,418190,25880868,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,The One Chronicler,"I'll be honest, I didn't expect much when I bought this game. Just another cheap little indie RPG to add to the collection. But this game surprised me more than any other game I've ever played on here. I loved exploring and getting little glimpses of the world that this game created, I loved the game's battle system, which put a unique spin on turn-based battling that I have never seen used quite so well. The music was fantastic, there were plenty of secrets to discover, and the ending... I don't want to spoil anything, but this game's ending is by far my favorite ending of any RPG. What a rush! Buy this game, and I promise you won't regret it."
,Recommended,418190,31206707,Posted: 17 April,all,uncolober,"editI've beaten it and it's simply brillliant. Jesus Christ, it's just great.Whoa, this is surprisingly well-made in terms of game design and aesthetics. Very simple and very effective. I'm loving it."
,Recommended,418190,22876688,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Habo St.,Short and sweet. Well worth the $2 entry fee. A sequel would be great.
76561198073599931,Recommended,418190,22294673,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,,Worth every penny
,Recommended,418190,22969120,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Doctor Pepe,"Fun little game about a girl whom can't appearently read regular words but can fight monsters. However, she can read magical spells filled with strange symbols and gibberish .-.see you don't need to go school to succeed in life... (or to conquer the world...)"
,Recommended,418190,24103960,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Pahhur,"Very fun, very cute game with good characters and an interesting battle system."
,Recommended,418190,26512043,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Phaydie,"8/10 story, 9/10 gameplay, 10/10 cuteness. Worth for the price, I recommend this game if you like to grind a bit and like finding secrets."
,Recommended,418190,23097885,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,gamersoul,very fun cute game.
76561197973212819,Recommended,418190,23968215,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,chronomodra,"A $2 game that is more unique and interesting than a lot of the RPGs you'll find on steam.  The levelling, weapon, and battle systems all integrate into a very tactical game, where battles are more of a puzzle to solve and optimise than something that you plow through in order to get to the plot.In a way, it reminds me of a less ambitious Undertale; it does a lot of things in a new and unique way, and it doesn't take itself too seriously, injecting humor in places and surprising you whenever it can.Overall, well worth the price of admission, even if it was $5-10.  At two bucks, there's no reason not to play it."
,Recommended,418190,22947866,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Bluewarriorz,"Pros:-Nice combat system-Variety of enemies-Inclusion of hidden rooms-Simple-Cheap-Gear-Based fighting-Nothing seems out of placeCons:-Difficult to find some hidden rooms-Stuck at one point in game for some time due to a path being hidden that is needed to progress-Difficult to find Ardis late gameConclusion:BUY IT, ITS GREAT!"
76561198126948390,Recommended,418190,23965110,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,rotarypublic,"Fantastic little RPG.The sprite work is consistently high-quality, although there is some palette swapping.The battles are a pleasure to play and watch; they remind me of Fire Emblem a little bit.The battle system replies on very few elements (essentially a stictly turn-based ATB system) but results in a satisfying and never overwhelming level of complexity.The pacing is very good, both on the level of simply entering and exiting menus, which is snappy, repsonsive, and simple, and on the level of the lengths of stretches between bosses, which I felt were just right.Maybe 10 hours of gameplay, so not a huge, sprawling game, but that's fine."
,Recommended,418190,23925531,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,𝒮𝓁𝓊𝓈𝒽𝒾𝒾,Simplistic and fun. If you have some money lying around i recommend trying it out. Fun game for when you aren't doing anything.
76561198025384921,Recommended,418190,24039885,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Argothin,"Definitely not what I was expecting, but I can't say I'm at all displeased with the game.Perhaps I'm forgetting something, but I haven't seen anything quite like the battle system and the way you grow stronger is certainly a nice change.Though I haven't gotten terribly far, I have beaten the first section and can honestly say it's already worth the (admittedly very low) price."
,Recommended,418190,23030888,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,ThreadPool (Digital Coyote),"This game has little on the surface, but has a battle system based on ""Timing"" played ina turn based fashion that is addictive. You level your individual weapons and face each opponent based on their next move."
,Recommended,418190,24661218,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,» ∞ TDM xtechnetia,"Helen's Mysterious Castle is a minimalistic, straightforward RPG following the titular Helen's quest to...explore and find out more about the world around her, I guess. Eh, the story isn't bad, just really, really forgettable. The presentation is stock RPG Maker material, but is perfectly fine and I quite enjoyed the majority of the music tracks.The battle system is easily the highlight of the game, and the most unique aspect of it; though not immediately intuitive, once you ""get"" it you should immediately admire the brilliance of it. It doesn't really take away some of the more grindy aspects of the game, though - it merely transfers the burden from character leveling to item leveling.It's a very low asking cost for the few hours it'll provide, but outside of the battle system you aren't missing anything by skipping on the game. Decide accordingly."
,Recommended,418190,25214484,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,BikeHelmet,"This was the most satisfying RPG that I've played since Cthulu Saves the World. If all RPG Maker games were this good, I'd be a very happy gamer.The game is short, but it has got solid battle mechanics, secrets and easter eggs, good music, good graphics, likeable characters and story, and an attention to details like not annoying the player. None of the battles or animations drag on - the whole game is set up to be a rather seamless experience. The dev did good, period.If you want more details, read the other reviews that get more in depth. I rarely review stuff, but this game deserved a review.Would buy again at full price. (Unheard of for me.)"
76561198072231481,Recommended,418190,25873731,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Dr. Spacebar,"Six or seven hours' worth of the most fun battle system I've ever seen in a JRPG. I was a BIT skeptical when I saw the stock RPG Maker 2000 graphics in the screenshots, but the characters are entertaining, the maps are excellent, there's plenty of easter eggs hidden in places you wouldn't expect them, and the story, while nothing extremely revolutionary, is enjoyable nonetheless.But the main draw is definitely the battle system, which you learn in a dungeon designed to teach you through experience. The game, while certainly difficult, isn't out to murder your progress; you're sufficiently warned before any incoming boss fights, and if you do go down, you just end up at your house (or the inn), with a steak next to your bed that you can eat for a permanent HP boost.My only complaint is a certain bug that might crash the game after the main boss of the second floor. Be sure to save after defeating the miniboss Soul Cage!"
76561198057263203,Recommended,418190,26681409,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Killia (BleachBummer),"After playing games like Wadanohara and LiEat that had amazing stories but were too easy combat wise, (as in you'd had to try and lose the battles) I've been looking for a new RPG Maker game that actually challenges you with fairly challenge and well balanced in difficulty fights. With this game, I got my wish.Story:Overall, it's a very simple story. You play as the silent protagonist Helen (literally, all she really says is ""?"" and ""!"" and stuff along those lines) as she is seeking to get to the first floor of the island to discover about her past and the world below. Along the way, she faces many challenges against different kinds of monsters. There isn't much too it until you finally reach the 2nd floor that the plot takes a surprising turn, but that is best saved for you to find out.Characters:Despite how simple the story is, I found the characters very likable. Helen despite being silent is simply adorable, and you'll find yourself attached to many such as the Undead Knight and the Demon King as well as Helen's brother. There isn't really much large character development, but I'd say it works for a very simple story.Gameplay:Unlike other RPGs, this game runs on fighting a single enemy each battle. The three stats are as followed:Effect - How much damage you'll dealDefense - Reduces how much damage you'll take through simple subtraction. If the Defense is higher than the Effect, unless there is a pierce effect, you'll take no damage.Wait - How long before you take action.The key here is use the multiple of weapons, armor, magic and tools you find to combat against the enemies you fight, since all of the enemies actions have a wait and the turn won't end until you attack. And example is fighting Slimes in the earlier stages of the game: You can get in two shortbow attacks before the are close to attacking with their command, so use the wooden shield after that to guard their attacks and negate the damage before launching the final attack you'll need to finish them. In addition, you can only have up to eight items at a time, so you will need to discard items to replace for different ones. This in term brings strategy to the game as you'll need to figure out how to combat enemies effectively as there will be points enemies can out-think you and will guard or perform a quick powerful magic attack while your preparing for a strong hit. As you get closer to the end, the enemies get smarter and more challenging, especially the bosses. In fact the bosses from the 2nd floor and to the end of the game are highly considered some of the hardest fights in the game. This game is short, but it's by no means easy if you can't think carefully. You will be losing a lot.Final thoughts, it's a very short and simple story that will make you feel for many of the characters. But the battles can prove to be very difficult to the un-prepared compared to other games. I'd highly recommend it as it is ONLY $2. There are many different tactics you can use, and many hidden things to find."
76561198021774673,Recommended,418190,25428748,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Msoulwing,"A cute little semi-turn-based game. Definitely worth the price.It should be noted that reaching the end of the game requires finding two or three secret passaged.If you find yoursel stuck, you're gonna want to walk into every wall you can find.Overall I rate this a 7/10, but don't expect an epic journey. Helen's Mysterious Castle is relatively short, appropriately so for the complexity of its gameplay."
76561198037372051,Recommended,418190,25916573,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Wondercrab,"A really great little JRPG!Helen's Mysterious Castle is simple, fun, short, and charming. It does what it does well and scratches all the right JRPG itches, with an awesome combat system that you can pick up in moments, yet which keeps on delivering depth throughout the whole 5-6 hour experience thanks to the plethora of unique items and interesting encounter designs. Much like the combat, the story starts off incredibly basic, yet manages to pull off an emotionally engaging ending by the time it's done. I have to give this game huge points for being so accessible and easy to pick up, unlike so many JRPGs that frontload slow paced story and tutorials. Helen's Mysterious Castle has enough confidence in its gameplay and tone to allow those parts to suck you in first, before layering on the narrative and mechanical complexity as the adventure unfolds.The only noteworthy negative I encountered with the game was related to a section of backtracking, waiting, and moderate confusion at around the mid point, where the requirements for progression started straying into the ""run around talking to everyone and examining everything to try and find the progression trigger""  ballpark. There are perhaps one or two other moments in which this might happen for some players when the progression path is unclear, and the lack of online walkthroughs for this game might result in a little frustration, but thankfully there is at least one commentary-free LP on youtube that should help anyone who gets stuck.Aside from that, however, my time with Helen's Mysterious Castle was thoroughly enjoyable. The music is fantastic and enthralling, the storyline and characters are cute, the difficulty progression ramps up beautifully from smooth to challenging, and there's potentially a fair bit of replay value if you want to try and find all the hidden items and try out varying builds.As far as simple, small-scale indie JRPGs go, this is one of the best I've played. A perfect game to drop a couple of bucks and a weekend on."
76561198127444181,Recommended,418190,26727265,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,jetb1ackx,"A great, unique, short and $2 game.There... that's about all that can be said about it, in an instant I've gone over the pros of the game and given you a summary in one line.Yes I have 11 hrs in the game and yes I've finished it twice now and do you know what? I've enjoyed every minute of it.The unique thing that stuck out for me... and the unique thing that sticks out for everyone is the battling system, let me give a basic (If horrible) explaination of it.There is a 'wait' attribute with every weapon, this dictates the amount of 'time' you must wait before damage is delt or for how long the item is active, for example the wooden sheild (First sheild in game) has a wait of 8, therefore the sheild is active for 8 'turns' (That's how I'll refure to it from now... okay?) however the 'thunder' spell (Again the first you get in the game) has a wait of 10, this means 10 turns pass before you attack with the spell.This 'wait' also applies to enemies meaning the game get VERY tactical very quickly, especally in late game, which devolves to: Use most powerful spell in game, heal, sheild, sheild, sheild, use most powerful spell. Rince and repeat.The final boss is HORRIBLE for this.Now, lets talk something else, say maps...While the overworld maps are very small and sometimes constrictive, they work. It is hard to explain why they work, but they do. There are your confusing ones, the ones you wish didn't exist, the ""this is a perfect spot to grind"" ones and a little town one. OH BOY! What varity.The game is very short, a decent player can reach a clear in about three hours including grinding times, how ever I an not decent at this game, it took me NINE HOURS to reach a clear for the first time... not as bad as Suguri... 31 hrs and counting... still haven't finished it on easy...Sigh... back to this game 'though.It's brevity is good, in a portal way. You can tell whoever made the game was running out of default assets to use (Did I mention that this uses default assets? No) because not long before end game you have to backtrack through the ENTIRE MAP...(S) with the shortcuts cut off. THough the default assets can be put aside, mainly because of the combat system... and the fact it was made in RPG school (From the name I'm going to guess it's babbys first RPG Maker) the readme confirms this.Story wise there isn't much to say, the brevity of the game means there is little time for telling of lore and such, however the story we have is solid, but has a tendency to introduce charactors at the last minutes unless you've been paying attention throught the entire game and have found all of the readable bookshelves.So, here we are, the end of my review. There isn't much to say about a normal $2 JRPG, but this game is special, oh so very special. In it's combat, it's kind of stupid storyline and not to mention the maps (Yes I'm going to harp on about them... despite them being small... and sometimes kind of♥♥♥♥♥♥..)So Pros and Cons... the poor mans TL;DR.Pros:Unique combat systemWacky and stupid story that we all love.Lots of hidden secret passages and such holding... sometimes powerful gear.An enemy named 'What is this?'Price tagCons:Sometimes it's hard to get decent gear without being killed or knowing the maps and such.One or two annoying parts (Namely one door I can not for the life of me figure out how to open, but somehow do. And one boss where you can't see their health bar or they're 'wait' timers or the stats of the attack they're about to use)Small maps, the maps that exist are good, just EXTREMELY small... and sometimes hard to navigate.Some gear can only be found once, for instace right before a boss fight when you shouldn't drop your good weapons but for completeionest sake you do anyway, admitently the particluar situation I'm talking about yeilds a rather good weapon with a great Debuf."
,Recommended,418190,26729267,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,el_coono,"I deeply impressed by this game. It's easy to play, beutiful looking and story is just amazing.10/10 and I want more."
76561198001378845,Recommended,418190,25396727,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Shenaldrac,"Helen's Mysterious Castle is a wonderful JRPG that I think everyone should try. It's inexpensive, most anyone can afford it, and despite being a JRPG you can easily finish it in 8-9 hours. It's short, but incredibly well put together, with a plot that, while not world-shattering with stakes so high that Dracula's in danger even in orbit, nonetheless is well executed and allows for things to focus on the character and the world they find themselves in. It also contains an excellent, innovative RPG combat mechanic that I've never seen anywhere else.I give it 9/10 thumbs up."
,Recommended,418190,25694001,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Matt,"Love it!- The combat system is deceptively simple yet the more you play the more you realise how deep it can be, and how it gives rise to a wide variety of uniquely-feeling encounters. Combat feels tactile and strategic with only a few elements. Very clever.- It's light on story and it doesn't take itself too seriously, but that's not necessarily a bad thing. The story gets out of the way and lets you focus on adventuring.- Dungeons are small but densely-packed. You might die a few times, but you'll constantly be opening up shortcuts so getting back to where you died is a breeze.- The music can get a bit repetitive. Oh well, not a big deal.- And because I know some people will care about this: yes, it uses a fair few RTP assets, but it uses them well and there are loads of custom-made assets too. There's enough new stuff here to make it feel like its own thing. It doesn't really feel like an RPG Maker game."
,Recommended,418190,27129924,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Noire,"Helen's Mysterious Castle is a short, simple RPG that excels at what it does.You play the titular Helen, a mute girl in a castle, which you'll eventually learn all about. The thing that got me into this game was the combat system; once you learn it, you can employ it to the best of your knowledge and nothing can stand in your way, maybe except the post-game bosses. Even so, it feels good.It's cheap, story's decent, and if you really want to see if it's for you, go watch some combat gameplay, since you'll be doing a lot of that."
,Recommended,418190,24798435,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Beta Carotene,"Really fun and unique battle system, and overall a charming game! Easily worth more than 2 dollars!"
76561198082339289,Recommended,418190,25502352,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,ELEMENTACIOUS,"A very fun RPG where there are no random misses or critical hits. Instead, each weapon has three stats and (in some cases) a special effect. The three stats are the time it takes to use the weapon, the defense bonus while the weapon is being used, and the damage dealt when the wait time finishes. Quick, flimsy attacks allow you to deal great damage when an enemy uses a low-defense weapon, and coordinating your wait times to use a heavy hitting weapon without getting hit are just two examples of how this battle system opens many unique encounters with new strategic opportunities.You do not level up in this game. Instead, XP is spent on weapons to upgrade them. You can only have eight weapons at a time, so choosing an effective loadout is important. Don't worry about losing weapons you drop on the floor to get more inventory space: A room reachable fairly early in the game allows you to regain your dropped weapons, and they will still be leveled up!The story is good at driving the action and motivating the player (especially toward the end of the game), but don't go into this game expecting it to be story-heavy, since the story is secondary to the battles.Sound effects and visuals are the standard RPG maker type, but the sprites manage to be especially detailed and well animated. Music is good and decently varied.I would give this game an 8/10. It's definitely worth playing."
,Recommended,418190,25760795,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Krebony,"I absolutely LOVED this game. Adorable, entertaining, a little confusing at times. The mechanics are simple but unique and the story is more than what you expect it to be! I highly recommend this game to anyone looking for a cute RPG to have some fun with."
,Recommended,418190,24718130,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Cecil,"Fun game, and excellent value! Took me about 8 hours to finish, which is about the length of your average full $60 AAA games these days. Really goes to show you the sad state of the games industry."
,Recommended,418190,28010066,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,BlazingOatmeal,"Combat system was great, story was great, it was all great."
,Recommended,418190,22197816,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,[Xog]Kuri™💙,Gr8 game for 1.99 euros ...
,Recommended,418190,22221410,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,★ °☆sᴡɪɢɢɪᴛʏ★☾,Very interesting game for a cheap price. It looks boring at first but it is really fun.10/10
,Recommended,418190,21903400,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,struggle boys,Fun combat
76561198073488017,Recommended,418190,26251716,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,kittensoft,"Finished! A cute RPGMaker game, with a unique battle system. There were some challenging bits near the end!"
76561198063505124,Recommended,418190,26702871,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Peteringo,Entertaining
,Recommended,418190,22896640,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,darkbochi,Turn based combat RPG without boring chatters.. Lots of fun for such a low price.
76561198046341325,Recommended,418190,23993642,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,uxorioushornet,Best $2 I've ever spent.
,Recommended,418190,28283007,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Kite,?!
,Recommended,418190,24032992,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,๖CAMMY,"Oh man, this game was bloody great.Helen's Mysterious Castle is an RPG Maker 2000 game, but don't let that deter you. The gameplay is so unlike any of the other RPG Maker games on Steam that you won't even realize it was made on such an engine (unless you once tinkered with the program yourself). Instead of having a party, every battle is one on one. Along with that, you can avoid battles by walking around enemies, although this can be a tad difficult with the grid-based movement in the world.The combat is a mixture of Turn-Based and the Active-Time-Battle system you see in many Final Fantasy games, with a hint of Pokemon in the sense you can customize your movesets. Every item you pick up is either an active or passive item, and you have 8 inventory slots + a bank which holds found items that you've dropped from your inventory. I could explain this more and talk about the surprisingly complex mechanics , but essentially everything is deliberate in the game. Enemies have AI that react to what you do, which becomes much more important towards the end. There is no noticable RNG, as critical strike chances and missing attacks is not an issue in this game. You see the stats of your enemies attacks, and the stats of your own as you fight. It makes for this very flow-like combat system that is surprisingly addictive, but never too easy. In fact, later encounters become fairly difficult. Towards the end of the game, regular enemies are hazardous and you can't simply brute force your way through.The writing and storytelling of the game is decent. A majority of the characters and NPCs in the game are memorable, and the game manages to pack in enough plot twists to keep you on edge and surprise you as you continue into the castle. It's definitely a game of wonder and discovery, but it's never overwhelming. The game world is large enough to be interesting and explorable, but small enough so that travelling around is never a chore, and it has many shortcuts unlocked throughout the game to make travelling that much easier.I'm sure my writing here is starting to seem like an incohesive mess, so I'll just end it like this. The game's super cheap (2 Canadian Dollars is a hell of a deal) and it kept my attention for 7.5 hours straight. That's playing through the story, and unlocking every item and secret, and completing the bonus dungeon. In that time it never felt it was dragging on, but at the same time, the game never leaves you wanting more (although I do recommend completing the post-game bonus dungeon as it has some of the best fights in the game and gives access to unique equipment). Helen's Mysterious Castle achieves an almost perfect balance of everything. Difficulty, Content, as well as Humour and Story Depth are presented as professionally as an RPG Maker 2000 game can be, and it's an extremely good example of how a whole can be so much more than the sum of its parts."
,Recommended,418190,23142061,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,NovaLight7,"there were no introduction or tutorial kind of thing, has soon has you enter the game theres a girl outside your house that it will tell you not to go north, obviously you would be like ''alright i won't go...... *goes north anyway*'' the story of the character is not very clear since she cant even read books, but somehow can use spells *game logic*, later on you would notice theres no other pathway but north, if you die you will respawn in a bed, normal stuff, the battle mechanic its a little bit confusing since again, no tutorial, in the game you have to figure it out yourself throughout while batteling low level monster, which it shound't give you any problem at all, in every rpg game there is always hidden treasure another element of this type of game, hidden treasures arent hard to find, they arent, it's a little bit boring to be honest but for now i really liked it even though most of my review sounds negative and i can't say its really bad just yet since i played two hours of the game so i can't jump to conclusion, *cought*haters*cought*for now two hours if the game i enjoyed it since the story of it, its been little by little unfolding itselve, maybe in the end there might be a twist, maybe the character might finally learn to read a book, maybe she won't stop destroying pots for no damn reason one day, we won't know until the end but for now ill give this game a....5/10Since there was no tutorial in the beginning and no introduction of anything, you just start the game in a house, you don't even know the protagonist name and they usually say it has soon has you start the game, but not in this one i guessill change the rating once i have played and finished the game."
,Recommended,418190,23183988,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,AVAVT,"It's a good game. Charming characters and great battle system.There's not much that can be said without spoiler, but I can say the price is pretty cheap for the experience it gives."
,Recommended,418190,27776053,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Wife Bunny,This game is cute and simple but fun.
,Recommended,418190,31869156,Posted: 20 May,all,jalypso,very good i liked the game
76561198019106150,Recommended,418190,24065813,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Lollage,"Length: Around 5 - 8 hoursPros:-Refreshing combat system, simple to learn, enjoyable to the end-Rather nice soundtrack (MIDI quality suits the aesthetic rather well, but you may disagree)-Some memorable characters, seemingly influenced by Undertale--Main protagonist still has some personality considering she is mute-Nostalgic tilesets and graphics-Simple but addicting upgrade system, although a little lacking in depthCons:-Story is predictable; you'll know where it is going as soon as hints are given-Soundtrack loops are occasionally too short and become annoying-A few level design layout quirks with finding doors and exitsIn short, for their first game (as far as I can find online) it is good - especially at such a cheap price - and if you enjoy any RPG or fantasy, you'll enjoy this. Hopefully it will see a sequel."
,Recommended,418190,24116108,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,PiscesserA,"Very fun, I like this game system."
76561198014270987,Recommended,418190,24055851,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Fern,"A short RPG, with a great story, a good fighting system, nice characters...Yeah, that was nice!"
,Recommended,418190,29194019,Posted: 11 January,all,Wyatt,"amazing rpg, really neat story. Personally got an undertale feel from a lot of the story"
,Recommended,418190,22213032,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,ThisOneGal,*Very* cool combat system and a fun and clever story.
,Recommended,418190,22844499,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Phattei,charming combat system and a heroine who keeps searching for her past makes you want to keep playing
76561198133862039,Recommended,418190,22587264,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,wickedmyst,its good I:
76561197966944909,Not Recommended,418190,34836806,Posted: 9 September,all,Captain Bucket,"In it's own right a non-offensive game with a combat system that is pretty cool the first two hours or so, but does get repetitive. Since it's all based on visible numbers (no real status effects, delays or anything to speak of), there is no real strategy involved. You just get the best gear that you can and there will always be a 'best' approach to combat, with no reason to deviate from that.Narrative is nothing special, either.The real problem, though, is the technical execution. A few points in short:- No usable Fullscreen mode (dev even recommends to play in windowed mode on this very store page)- No possibility to load in-game or way to get back to main menu (in fact no pause menu at all). If you want to load a previous save, you have to Alt-F4 and restart- Gamebreaking bug after a few hours that the dev is incapable of fixingAll of these issues are inacceptable for a commercial release, even if it is cheap. For an 'okay' game, I am not willing to put in a lot of research to get it running myself. Perused the Steam forums to verify that the dev is not able or interested to resolve the issues with the game, then uninstalled.EDIT: I did file a request to receive my money back, however, since the gamebreaking bug occurs more than 2 hours after starting the game, that is not possible. This is, of course, not the fault of the developer, you just have to deal with the fact that Valve apparently can sell a defective product created by somebody who doesn't know what they are doing and not reimburse the cost if it doesn't feel like it."
,Not Recommended,418190,24376478,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Kneo24,"Helen's Mysterious Castle is a quaint and short game. Very short. About six hours short. But that's not why I'm not recommending the game. I'm not going to recommend the game, despite the very cheap price point, due to the fact that it doesn't feel fleshed out.You start off the game with almost no idea of what to do. How do controls work? Where are my menu options? What key presses do I need to do? How is my controller mapped? I probably spent half an hour going, ""Ok... wtf?"" You kind of run into that through out the game, as it does a poor job of explaining itself to you. The only thing it really goes into depth with is the combat system. If it didn't, I would have instantly refunded the game.Furthermore, the story isn't very compelling.  You start off as an illiterate mute. You can't read any signs and can only respond with either ""?"" or ""!"". That's not engaging for me. The illteracy is fixed later via plot progression, but then you realize it was done that way to pretty much artificially inflate the length of the game. Some exposition of the story as you go wouldn't have ruined the game. For sure how it starts out would have had to change, but hey, how you start out is terrible anyway.Otherwise this game is very much a classic JRPG. You know what? If it wasn't for the fact that this game was grind heavy, it probably would only be a couple hours long. This game is bad. Dont' buy it."
76561198335169517,Recommended,418190,26303089,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,CheeseCake,Amazing game socool there's sooo many monsters to fight
,Not Recommended,418190,29354222,Posted: 19 January,all,UltimaCJ,"One big reason I do not recommend this game is simply because as someone who's worked on RPG Maker games....:In order to exit your game, you have to COMPLETELY close the program.  There's no option/quit/load/load another save file.  Even though you'll have the option to save at anytime, there are certain areas of the game you trek through again but in order to avoid that you have to reload your save file.  It's very rare RPG Maker or not to run into a game with this failed feature.Aside that, this game has it's own cute charm and it's a gem in its own way.  This game is more of a thumbs in the middle review (hence thumbs down).I didn't get the MC (Helen all too well) she was a non spoken progtanist but some of the dialog from the npcs gave you the impression of her responses.  For an elf, shes pretty ditzy.  Not sure If I liked the ""?"" ""!"" chat choices or not.The battle system, for the most part is very unique.  Until near the end the AI gets a bit ""TOO"" smart for it's own good which becomes frustrating at times.  Which goes back to point one, of restarting your game.  When you get killed, you go back to your starting point of the first floor.  There are short cuts you unlock along the way but to make the trek back is still tedious it's better just to reload your save to reattempt a boss fight.  I had friends asking me ""What's wrong with the game?  Why are you starting it so many times?""  I signed off my friends list just to spare them the annoyance.This game reminded me of a condence version of Final Fantasy Legend for the gameboy.  Which was really cool and I liked that.  Tip to the developer:  Please for your future games ADD a reload feature, don't force a player to completely exit the game to restart.IF you can get passed the constant exiting at certain times, Helen's Mysterious Castle was a cute gem all in it's own and you should certainly try it."
,Recommended,418190,24970562,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,jichanbachan,?You can't read this.
76561198203407209,Not Recommended,418190,23321738,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Samael,"Repetitive and not very engaging, but an admirable spin on typical JRPG gameplay."
,Recommended,418190,32139026,Posted: 2 June,all,ASdffeju82jbqw8321-23jdbsada8su,fix the fullscreen
,Recommended,418190,22172468,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,IAmJakeSauvage,This game is a great example of what RPGMaker is capable of - and should be used as a reference point for many amateur game makers!*PROS*- Lots of secret areas/exploration- Engaging/fast-paced battle system- Lighthearted story*CONS*- Lack of direction can make some areas a *little* confusingFor the price tag - just get it! It's worth every penny!
76561197966134367,Not Recommended,418190,29938561,Posted: 15 February,all,Luihutin,"The mix of not being able to load a game straight away after defeat (like most RPGs would, which is why they let you usually save before a boss encounter),the Wait stat that's just a complete trial and error math problem that you can't predict before fighting an enemy (making the constant backtrack from your bed to where you last were defeated even more aggravating)and the AI being easily manipulated into doing an infinite Guard stance makes this one such a chore to play.I don't feel accomplished breaking the game's AI or just bashing my head against a wall until it breaks. The little strategy involved with this game's combat system only boils down to seeing whether your chosen skill's Wait stat is equal or lower than the remaining time to the opponent's attack. That's it. Unless after even more tedious hours of this game it finally manages to mix in something worth two brain cells that I just didn't manage to get to before quitting out of sheer boredom. But I doubt it.For what it's worth, I get why the game gets positive reviews, and I get what people like about it. It's just not enough for me to be excited about."
76561197971039558,Not Recommended,418190,29621229,Posted: 31 January,all,DoctorCubone,"For $1.99 I should not conplan but, this game is not a well written game or shoud I say it dosent seem to have any wrtting in it at all and it's tedious and repetitve as all hell."
,Recommended,418190,26194071,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,CogitoProxy,"Hes got no style,Hes got no grace,What this Kong has, is a funny face."
,Not Recommended,418190,25473386,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Arwym,"Green-haired dude(?): ""Good morning, Helen. I made you a steak!""Helen: *Looks around.* ""WHERE'S MY F*****G STEAK?!""WTF was that? There wasn't even an intro to the story. I was just thrown into a map with no f* clue of what to do, what the character's motivations, or even daily routine, are.Man, Ive been trolled.Now, in all seriousness:Your game's Steam store page has more story and explanations than the game itself. All of the things you explain in there, you should explain naturally within the game. At the least, start the player with an initial dialogue or some basic intro sequence.Mechanics show potential, graphics are very cute, and so is the music. I just think you underdid the story and player-friendliness aspects, which are very important here, since you're actually selling the girl's story in the store page.You're charging for this game. This feels like a game demo you would find inRMRK.netor some other RMRK community site, to be honest. If you are going to sell your game, show that at least you tried to make it worth our time and money (yes, even if it costs so little). That is my very honest opinion, as a consumer."
76561198053652741,Recommended,418190,26400844,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Vending Machine,?You can't read this.
,Not Recommended,418190,22738430,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,LoliLicker,"Its fun, but theres no plot, you can't read signs, you can walk though random parts in the walls (not secret areas).  Hoping they're still working on it. would LOOOOOOVE to see it get ramped up"
,Recommended,418190,30430503,Posted: 10 March,all,getaloadofthis,"I give this one a 9/10 overall and here's why:StoryIt starts off like an old school RPG with no instructions and barely any dialogue, but the reason behind that comes later in the story and that changes everything, so don't be thrown off until after you've beaten your first boss. It is quite interesting and I did actually like some of the characters. I was left with a sense of accomplishment when it was all over, which is nostalgic in a way.GameplayHere's where things get interesting. The battle system is like something I've never played before, it's really unique. Wait time is the biggest factor when it comes to battles. NOW, HERE'S THE REASON FOR THE -1: You cannot load the game from a previous save after you die, you have to restart the game and then hit continue. Kind of a pain, but not too big of a deal. ALSO IMPORTANT: REFINE YOUR WEAPONS AND ITEMS OR ELSE YOU'LL BE SORRY. I got stuck on one of the final bosses because of this. After you get far enough, a certain person is no longer available, so you cannot refine items which made it impossible to progress.SoundMusic is an easy 10/10. Sound effects and soundtrack fit this game perfectly especially during the boss fights and towards the end of the game.GraphicsGood looking game for the price. The animations are well done and the battles are more interesting because of that.Final ThoughtsBuy this game. This was an interesting journey and I think anyone would be able to enjoy it. It's simple, yet takes some strategy, but one is still left with a sense of accomplishment. So far, this has been one of my favorite games on Steam. I'm looking forward to a sequel, for sure."
,Recommended,418190,30661909,Posted: 21 March,all,SteveTMH,"A fun little romp through a monster filled castle, I enjoyed this game greatly. You can power up the gear you find by spending your experience on it, and there's an interesting wait system for battles, as faster weapons let you attack more, but stronger ones might be faster. The game's short, but it's inexpensive, so why not give it a go."
76561198311853365,Recommended,418190,30628807,Posted: 19 March,all,ShinGetterArc,"Return to the days of old where RPG's have good soundtracks, simplistic rock-paper-siccors battles and where you just mindlessly charge forward to see whats around the next corner. Its has a simple but engaging story that is not mind blowing. The humor is quirky and quite amusing, almost selfaware.I greatly enjoyed this little gem of a game and I hope many others do also."
,Recommended,418190,22748227,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Enlocke,"You liked Undertale ? Well, you may like this game.The combat system is really good and the story is pretty nice without being complicated.The graphics are cute and musics are really good :)It's relatively short but for such a cheap price it's entirely worth.So if you wanna have a good time with a nice little indie game buy this game !"
76561198025494780,Recommended,418190,22734896,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Kata-san-sama,"tl;dr It's a very simple, short, charming RPG that doesn't waste your time.  Easily worth the time and money.Just make sure you save often, because I didn't and two crashes ended up wasting a lot of my time."
76561198066518607,Recommended,418190,22102228,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Ramil,"It's got an interesting storie, a unique battle system and even a secret dungeon (if you manage to find it)! With such a low cost, I don't think you would do something wrong by buying it."
76561198153644675,Recommended,418190,22202988,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,aquarilas,"An enjoyable RPG game for a low, low price. It's a bit simplistic with only one character, but the unique battle system is very fun. Grinding is mainly optional.The game started without any story and developed quickly partway into the game.All in all, I loved the game and hope to see a sequel in the future. 9/10"
,Recommended,418190,28652557,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Heim Rada,"This game is way, way too cheap. I seriously put off even looking into it because it was so cheap, but it's so much better than I expected."
76561198117584390,Recommended,418190,28501989,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Atralane,"Wow. It's been a while since I've played such a thoroughly charming and enjoyable retro RPG, especially running from RPG Maker.Wonderful diversity of unique sprites and tiles, a simple (but sometimes tricky!) battle system, excellent soundtrack, and a great, feel-good story. $2.00 for this type of game is a downright steal, and I'd recommendHelen's Mysterious Castleto anyone who likes turn-based strategy and a hearty serving of self-aware humor and charisma. I have to admit, there were a number of times the game's characters took me by surprise, and the world they live in is chock-full of secrets and items to find. There's evena sizeable amount of post-game content, and the challenge and charm only continues further from there.I ran into just a few errors/technical issues during my full playthrough that I figured I'd mention:Entering the large door before the Castle Gate caused an error message once and closed the game. I tried it again, and it worked fine.Minor spelling errors. They didn't seem to appear until much later in the game, and by this point, I didn't care--I was having too much fun.Developers, thank you so much for this game.Helen's Mysterious Castlewas an absolute delight."
,Recommended,418190,28462750,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Raja Konig,"This was a very odd experience for me. But the oddity was what allowed this game to rise as a shining gem in my opinion! The seemingly simple combat actually allows for a ton of thought to be had when addressing the multitude of enemy types that arose in the game. The bosses themselves being a massive hurdle in some situations when you do not go in prepared for what was to be had. The game had very colorful characters that helped propel you through the game, each scene giving me a smile. Not all monsters are the ones in front of us, a monster is only a frame of mind."
76561198290327465,Recommended,418190,28016447,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Super Giant Ninja Yeti,"My favorite thing about this game is how little randomness is involved on the battle system. The way enemies react lets you plan ahead your strategy, so if you die you know it is your fault. Plus the story is nice and the price is fair.I guess the default assets may turn some people away, but if gameplay is more important then it is worth giving it a try."
,Recommended,418190,28333544,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Tale,A simple yet inspired combat system combined with a heart filled story turn this RPG Maker title into a real gem.
,Recommended,418190,28422505,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,fri_freeman,"A one-party jrpg with simple but nifty combat system.The gist of the gameplay is this: You're a one-girl dungeon explorer with various tools in your arsenal. Each weapons or spells have different stats, and ""wait"". Whenever you choose to use a weapon in the turn-based combat, both you and your opponent's wait countdown ticks down, until they reach zero, then the effect happens. So for example, if you use magic with 15 ticks wait, and enemy use dagger with 5 ticks wait, after 5 ticks the enemy attacks you, then they can choose another attack (since you're still in your magic casting). If they use another dagger attack, tough luck, in another 5 ticks they'll attack you again and you're still casting your magic.It's simple, makes sense, smart, and fun. You try to strategize what weapon should you use this turn, should you use this long-casting magic spell that put your defense to zero but you think can down the enemy in one hit? This sword that is weaker but at least have some defense? Or should you put up your shield and try to find opening in your enemy's assault?At first it might feel too simplistic or boring, but later when both your weapons and the enemies get more diverse, it get more fun.And tha'ts not counting the simple but charming look of the game.Not sure how long this game last, but with this price, it definitely worth it."
76561198013161568,Recommended,418190,28054528,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Railgun,"? - Helen/2016A surprisingly good game for that price.The gameplay was interesting and pretty unique, the story was nice and simple and you can expect 5-6h of game time.If you have 2 bucks to spare, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,418190,28053801,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Locher,"A simple and rather compact RPG with a very wellmade battle system that reminds me a bit of Riviera: The Promised Land.It stripped away the tediousness of Riviera's stat grinding and replaced the classic level up system.Instead of levelling your character, you level your equipment and this actively influences your chances in battle.Because the game and difficulty is dependent on your usage of your equipment, the grind for more exp is really just a measure to make the already manageable difficulty more feastable for less experienced players.The battle system is easy to understand and if enough thought is put into practice, this battle system is also easy to exploit. The really good aspect of the battle system is that you and your enemy are using the same battle system to defeat each other, with many different types of enemies taking a different approach to how they outplay you. This comes clear in the latter half of the game when enemies will actively try to punish you for misplays or for your potentially one-sided inventory.For me personally, it's the boss battles that were really thrilling in Helen's Mysterious Castle. A whole lot of different play mechanics were brought into battle that bosses incorporate in their play but the mechanics still feel fair in terms to the battle system. Many players fill their inventory with their unique blend of equipment combinations, making the game feel really refreshing if you decide to use different equipments on your second playthrough.What this game could have done better would be to include a general place to get tips and advice on how to proceed. On three occasions the game tried to artificially lengthen your playtime by obscuring your next tasks. You actually need to backtrack and check for information, find secret passages based on what was told by an NPC / written on a bookshelf or do specific things infront of objects - all in order to proceed.I bought the game for 140cents, definitely worth the price. Don't take the game for ""just another RPG maker game""."
,Recommended,418190,28302210,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,General StarBurner,"As expected of it Playism RPGs, this game was an amazing JRPG with a spin on the battle system. Characters and story were great, but the ending left much more to be desired. I warn that the difficulty is quite high by the end of the game, but there's a nice learning curve. Give it a try; its a short game with a short price."
,Recommended,418190,29479094,Posted: 25 January,all,tomato5,Great use of retro style graphicsThe background music is very nice
76561198042494969,Recommended,418190,29044292,Posted: 5 January,all,ChrisKamori,"This is a deceptively simple game with an extremely fun battle system. It takes the turn based system of most rpgs and adds a timer to every attack, turning it into a much more strategic experience. You have to time your attacks so you can block damage when your opponents attack while landing damage when you do.Enemies mostly have their own attack patterns, and will change things up to try and counter your moves. And so long as you're strong and skilled enough, you can beat virtually any foe without taking a scratch.Boss fights are exceptionally creative, often times pushing you to your limits. And all of them are memorable.The game is short, but charming. It starts out with you having no clue who you are or where you are. And as you progress, things start to make more sense. The ending itself is so fun, I've played this game an extra time or two just to enjoy it again.This game costs only $2.00. It'd almost be a crime not to buy it. It goes WAY beyond what you'd expect to find from an RPG Maker game.And just a pro-tip. About mid-way through the game, you can have a town's blacksmith upgrade your tools. Don't ask him to upgrade anything that you haven't upgraded to +9 already. Otherwise, you're just wasting your time."
76561198311262304,Recommended,418190,29027214,Posted: 4 January,all,sarcrow,"This is a very cute game, with a interesting battle style."
76561198137550852,Recommended,418190,28932357,Posted: 2 January,all,ShadowerZen,It's a pretty good game for 2 bucks.
76561197998146268,Recommended,418190,28997496,Posted: 3 January,all,BigDave,I liked this game.  It was a quick fun little RPG that didn't require too much thought.  You could get though it in an hour or so if you wanted.  The dialog was corny but funny and overall I enjoyed it.
76561198025550410,Recommended,418190,28775107,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,wolficus,This is a really good game that will surprise you. It doesnt look like much.. but there is quite a bit in this game.well written story.. nice humor to it. Interesting combat system. ..couple of endings..go on... buy it :) you wont be disapointed if you like the old style games :)
,Recommended,418190,28763414,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,LadyxChriixBear,"loving this game so far. I admit, not very far into it, but it is EVERYTHING I thought it would be."
,Recommended,418190,28868927,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Lunithea,"When you start up the game, you're kind of thrown into the world without much explaination or background to the story, which might throw some people off, but everything gradually unfolds as you play; I think the idea was that you're playing as Helen, who doesn't know much, herself, and as she learns new things, you learn along with her.Throughout the game, you're given a lot of save file slots, which you may or may not use--you're also limited on how many items you can carry with you and forced to drop some in order to get others.  That might be concerning at first, but the game is easily playable without a guide, while still maintaining a sense of challenge.Additionally, you'll find later that you can always reobtain what you've previously discarded, which is really nice and allows for more variety and experimentation.Overall, the game was really fun and has a nice story; I really enjoyed all the cute moments in the game.  The ending was really well done and wrapped things up nicely, giving you the option to revisit some of the places and people you've been to or met, before.  Don't be thrown off at the low price, either; it's one of the better rpgmaker games out there and I wouldn't have minded paying more than I did for it.Also: If you like to savescum, F12 takes you back to the title screen without having to close the game.And after the last boss, you can retry without having to reload."
76561198062602408,Recommended,418190,29177100,Posted: 10 January,all,The Hammer,"I never expected this title.I found it accedentally, bought it on a whim and discovered a great rpg maker game.The music was consistantly greatThe combat the challengingThe story was short, but sweetDefinately worth the 2$ price tag"
76561198269468227,Recommended,418190,29688716,Posted: 4 February,all,I Will Think About My Name Later,Although this game has no intro it is quite enjoyable. I really like some of the humour during the Demon Kings Castle and the battle mechanics are great! I like the fact that you know when the enemy will attack and how long your attack will take.I think the game could be better with an intro but overall 8.5/10
,Recommended,418190,30322822,Posted: 4 March,all,Chao,This might be my favorite commercial RPGMaker game.Ever.
76561198062479889,Recommended,418190,31247875,Posted: 19 April,all,Blade Master 42,"While progression can be a little obtuse from time to time, the battle system is very interesting and the story is interesting enough. Definitely worth the modest entry fee if you enjoy RPG Maker fare."
,Recommended,418190,31500060,Posted: 1 May,all,Squiggly Line,"GameplayHelen's Mysterious Castle is one of the most interesting spins on the JRPG formula that I've seen in a while. It takes the standard timerbased turns and changes them up by havingf moves and equipment taking up a limited inventory space leading to decisions on which weapon do you want in the long run, or do you want to drop that spell for these boots, or maybe you feel like the investment into this sword will make it better that this other one over time. Overall I'd have to say it has quite good gameplay.GraphicsIt's pixel artMusicIt's all quite goodHardwareDon't worry about it, it your OS supports the game it isn't intensive enough to be stressful on your system.Other UpsIf you're having trouble it'll put a health up in front of you but you don't have to take it allowing for a mildly adaptive diffictulty, and it's systems also allow for a perfect run of the game (if ytou gring a bit that is)FlawsI have found various gliches in my time with the game, for instance I once had to reinstall in order to progress"
76561198040635184,Recommended,418190,31624481,Posted: 8 May,all,^1Drudge ^3Fest,"Such a charismatic tribute to the 16-bit era, I find it quite enjoyable. Doing it right Satsu, would love to see more!"
76561198193426251,Recommended,418190,31619063,Posted: 7 May,all,Zack,"High-quality, charming, strategy-based RPG made in RPG Maker 2000. The funny thing about it is that it uses the default assets, or at least, the default intellectual properties, in highly customized ways. This level of customization is rare.A perfect example of how far one can take an RPG Maker game, if only enough time and effort is put in.This game was originally in Japanese, but it has been translated well into English."
76561198031071497,Recommended,418190,34824648,Posted: 8 September,all,ZamielEngel,"I would certainly have to recommend this game. It's not very expensive and it manages to have some fun and clever gameplay for an rpg to mix things up a bit. While the game outwardly has a very cutsy and sometimes silly demeanor, there does seem to be a hint of some more serious things going on. What I can only describe as the ""Wait"" system has been very well implemented and adds a certain amount of complexity and strategy to battles despite the limited number of actual moves. Personally I felt it was kind of nice that there is little random chance and most things are a direct result of your actions. Another thing that was kind of nice was that it was not random battles and battles only started when you touched an enemy on the map. The developer also managed to utilize experience in a very interesting way that didn't really make the game feel grindy. The art direction and hud as well as the user interface are all very efficiently designed.  The only things that took away from this game for me was that it can be a little jumpy when you move, the game does not appear to be very long(Though for the asking price I can't really call this a fault), and I unfortunately experienced a  game breaking bug pretty late into the game. However, as far as I can tell this is a rather rare thing to happen so I can still freely reccomend this game. For all it's faults it does enough right in unique manner that I think it is certainly worth a try, especially for the price. One of these days I'll probably go at it again with a new save and see if I can get past that bug. I'l probably shelve it for the time being however."
76561197983728080,Recommended,418190,34026996,Posted: 4 August,all,(M3) Russel,"A very simple game, with a non standard, yet fun combat system. The story is simple but fun, all and all worth the two bucks I paid for it. It's a bit on the short side  though, still you should get an evening or two of enjoyment if your not speed running it.Finally see good things can come out of RPG maker. :)"
76561198064634224,Recommended,418190,34663880,Posted: 1 September,all,Havok84,"Fun story, good gameplay. Definitely worth $2."
,Recommended,418190,34722505,Posted: 3 September,all,jtib,"Really enjoyed this title.  The graphics are appealing to my old school tastes, the story is intriguing (once it gets going) and the combat is very thought provoking.  If you're interested in a short, interesting JRPG then this is a must."
76561198109574775,Recommended,418190,35213635,Posted: 25 September,all,Hollow Tim,"This game has a really fun and unique combat system. The sprites in this game are beautiful. It doesn't look or feel like most RPGMaker games at all. And it even has a cool story and likeable characters. I honestly can't believe how good this game is for how cheap it is.It's pretty tough, but if you die you just wake up in like your house or an inn and don't lose any progress and you can also save whenever you want, which I think is pretty good for this game since you'll kinda need to retry bosses a lot to figure out their pattern...So that's about it, this is my first review. I don't really know to how to write reviews or how to end them. But I highly recommend this game, and hope this was useful at all."
,Recommended,418190,35503511,Posted: 5 October,all,Duouk2000,"Really fun game with a cool little battle system. Make sure you get both endings, it doesn't take long!"
