user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,418150,22194757,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Sir Hamster,"The Madness of Little Emma is one of the few rogue-likes that caught my attention and didn't let go.It certainly has lots of things in common with other rogue-like games, but it feels completely different. Mainly due to the fact that this is a platformer with rather satisfying movement physics.The game has a good learning curve: it doesnt tell you anything about its mechanics, you have to play, observe and note the changes. First couple of hours i had difficulty getting past 1st stage, 60 hours later the main reason for not reaching the 5th or 6th ending is that i made some mistake early on.Surely TMoLE has some rough edges, for example the cursor is somewhat bleak and sometimes i lose it in the background. But the developer is constantly working on the game, fixing bugs and adding new free content.In conclusion: a great game for its price, challenging but rewarding."
,Not Recommended,418150,29676832,Posted: 3 February,all,zarentron3,"I love games like The Madness of Little Emma where you play a run at a time and try to get farther and farther, defeat difficult bosses, unlock powerful and fun items, and discover secret areas and challenges. This game fits that mold fairly well, but I can't recommend picking up this game for a number of reasons.1. Unbalanced Items: The majority of items you will come across are pretty useless and sometimes (I'm not sure what determines this) picking up items increases your Madness stat by 1, a stat which makes the game harder. I'm not sure how exactly the difficulty increase works; I'm not sure if it scales with your Madness level or just increases the difficulty once you hit a certain threshold, but this mechanic encourages the player to pass up on most items due not only to their unhelpful effects, but due to the negative consequences of picking up a large number of items over time. That being said, there are a select few items that are really, really good. If you manage to find a combination of two or three items that work super well together, they can carry you for an entire run.2. Stats rely on RNG: This is a pretty common aspect of similar games, but it doesn’t work very well in The Madness of Little Emma. Your main source of stat boosts (which you won't get very far without many of) are random Herbs scattered throughout the game. Sometimes they drop from enemies, sometimes you get them for clearing a challenge/arena room, sometimes you get them from treasure chests. Regardless of how you get them, there is a major flaw to this mechanic: the most common Herb type (green) has a chance to lower your stats. With how rare all Herbs are and with how quickly the difficulty of this game picks up, you need as many stat upgrades as you can possibly find, so not taking green Herbs isn't a reliable option. You get one guaranteed purple Herb (increases a random stat) per boss fight, but sometimes that's all you'll get on the first floor, which to me is an instant restart. And it's even worse when that stat upgrade happens to be Luck instead of Damage or Fire Rate. Some items will grant stats too, but, as mentioned above, a lot of items you'll come across are simply not worth taking.3. Run Ending Rooms: When you get farther in (floors 6+ usually), you can run into rooms that will completely ruin you if you don't have an incredibly overpowered item loadout. Most normal enemies aren't a problem, but get a room of the wrong champion enemies and there's little you can do. The worst champion effects are explosive shots, slowing aura (which sometimes comes with another champion effect), and double damage shots, and these can be especially bad if you get a room with a lot of champion enemies, which honestly isn't too uncommon.4. Unavoidable Damage: When you start playing this game you won’t run into a ton of this, but the farther you get in the game the higher the chance you’ll come across rooms where there’s so much going on there’s legitimately nothing you can do to maneuver out of the way of enemy attacks. Even if you’re completely overpowered (minus one combination of 2 items that actually completely breaks the game in your favor), run ending rooms are still likely to beat you up a little bit. The game tends to be pretty generous with dropping hearts for the player to pick up, but then you could enter another room where you’re guaranteed to take damage and it won’t have really helped much.These are my main gripes with this game, but it’s enough to make the game almost entirely unfun. Other than what I’ve listed, I have had the game crash on me once, but I did have it open for about 7 hours straight before that happened so that could easily have had something to do with it. In any case, there is definitely some fun to be had here, and I actually really love the Arena mode a whole lot, but the main game itself becomes incredibly painful to play. The difference between The Madness of Little Emma and many other roguelikes is that skill and knowledge of items/enemy patterns can only get you so far; you have to be incredibly lucky to have a shot at making real progress in this game. Because of this dependence on luck, you can try to get a good run started for hours and still not get anywhere, and then suddenly have two perfect items fall into your lap one after the other that will grant you a win.If you’re interested in trying out this game, it has been pretty heavily discounted in the past and I would assume it’s likely to be on sale again at some point. If you’re still on the fence about picking it up, with the Steam refund you’ve got a two hour window of opportunity to try it out for yourself a bit and see if you’ll end up enjoying it more than I did, so I do encourage anyone interested to at least try the game before writing it off. Furthermore, there is a demo for this game available on Steam to try out without any worries of refunding. I would definitely recommend starting with the demo version."
,Recommended,418150,19835984,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Quatropus,"UPDATE: Since the recent patches, I now no longer continue to have the problem when trying to open the game.  It will now open from Steam and the desktop, so that was fixed pretty quickly.Sure, the game is influenced by other Rogue-like titles such as Isaac, but the one thing that this game doesn't do is hold your hand.  A 2D rogue-like platformer that easily can stand as one of the tougher rogue-likes on the market.  From the couple of hours I've spent in the game, hardly do I even come CLOSE to seeing any 1 of the 4 endings mentioned.  Little Emma requires skill, simply put.  You'll get damage ups, but the enemy placement and mini boss rooms range from ""easy to dodge"" to ""this room is the WORST"".  Some of the late game mobs, including these crying women who start bombarding you with explosions that are hard to track, are just a pain to deal with, if you even make it that far with no damage.Is it a bad game though?  Absolutely not because it's still a very interesting rogue-like.  The story involves two children, Emma (oldest) and her little brother Timmy, who survive pretty much on their own.  One day, Emma wakes up to find Timmy missing as well as blood all over the room.  As she looks around, she notices a trap door (similar to Isaac's adventure into the depths below) under a rug.  Assuming Timmy has been taken or wandered down there, she soon follows.  As far as story, it's not strong.  I mean it holds a very similar take of the Isaac story that people have accustomed themselves to, but instead of a hateful mother, you're the loving big sister.  Whether Timmy went down there on his own is still unknown.  Still having a hard time beating it once, I know nothing about the endings.Controls are pretty standard and easy to understand at least for mouse and keyboard.  The room you spawn in shows you your controls.  A to move left, D to right, W to jump (as well as space), and D to go down platforms you can jump through.  You can also use the arrow keys for these commands as well.  You can also rebind keys if you have a more comfortable control scheme.  To use activation items, you press E.  Activation items, unlike space bar items in Isaac, require money to use instead of having to clear rooms.  It is here to prevent any of the items from seeming too overpowered, such as an item that freezes everything in the room or turns back time by a couple of actions.  You aim with your mouse, left click to shoot balls of spit and right click to drop bombs.  It'll be best to have a mouse that you can change sensitivity on because there are moments where it's hard to connect your hits.  While the keyboard controls are fine, the controller support is less desirable, even though it's still supported.  Every time I've tried to play with the controller, I just put it back down because it feels weird.  You also don't have as much freedom with aiming than you do with a mouse.  You also can't rebind controller buttons, so right now whatever your buttons are mapped to, that's what you'll have to deal with.The worst offender of this release is the current technical issues.  Some issues, like what I'm having, is I can't open the game from Steam or desktop.  I simply have to go into my steamapps, common, find Little Emma, and open up the ""Win"" batch file.  That then opens up a command window and does it's thing before the game opens.  Slightly sloppy and a small hassle to play a game.  You also need Java installed for some reason.  These issues don't prevent me from still enjoying the game, but I can understand why people buying and installing would be confused as to why their game doesn't open.In the end, Emma is still an enjoyable experience if you're looking for a rogue-like that is a little more tougher and requires more skill than RNG.  RNG still matters, of course, but it's almost treated like it's a second thought instead of a primary mechanic.  This game will not hold your hand, it will not pay you kindly with optimistic words of victory.  It will wreck you and frustrate you, but not because it's unfair; because you require the skill to overcome the obstacles that lie ahead.  If the previous negative remarks about this game get fixed, it'll only continue to show how valuable this game is to the rogue-like genre."
76561198004565666,Recommended,418150,29078102,Posted: 6 January,all,brickey.8,"This is a perfect example of everything an imitator game should be. It's obviously ""The Binding of Isaac as a platformer"", but it successfully captures the mood, feel, fun and design philosophy of Isaac. The madness mechanics and the item pool do a good job capturing the feel of Isaac without feeling like a rehash. There's great music, great enemy and boss design, varied items, and tons of secret levels. And oh yeah, it's fun and really does feel like you're playing a new version of Isaac.Cons: Game balance isn't perfect for some items, characters, champion enemies and bosses. Neither is Isaac's, but this game definitely occasionally has me going ""that room wasn't fair"" while Isaac didn't. Also, it's hard to tell what some items do."
76561198004347626,Recommended,418150,23160871,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Malun,"This is how it should be done. Instead of shoving your money up the♥♥♥♥♥♥of some early access scum buy this game. I bought in on release day, played through it, had a good time. But that was not it, the Dev Dude keeps updating it as frequently as I get disappointed by early access games. And that's about once a week. I could see how the game improved with every patch, and now its better than ever before.So that guy published a finished, perfectly fine game and now he even keeps updating it with new totally free content. Its sad that there only so few people who are playing it.If you love rogue like as much as I do, then this is a must buy. Give the Dev Dude you god damn money!"
,Recommended,418150,31768150,Posted: 15 May,all,C.C.,Basically Binding of Isaac but platformer. I like.
,Recommended,418150,20048549,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Nani,"I was quite happy to see this gem made it to steam and bought it immediately.It's a rather obvious hommage of The Binding of Isaac and it's influences. You'll recognize a lot of things quickly, if you are familiar with BoI. There is, however, a crucial difference: The Madness of little Emma is a platformer, which adds a refreshing spin to it.There are already plenty of items in this game and it is possible to see what they do by pressing Esc and going into the items menu, which removes a bit of the guessing game and makes it easier to learn the ropes.As far as the enemies are concerened, most patterns are easy to learn, though, not surprisingly, there are some that need some getting used to, as well as those that very likely need some tweaking.There's also an insanity meter in this game. The higher it goes, the faster enemies become and the earlier more difficult ones/variants spawn.Personally, I only experienced a glitch and one crash/freeze, but I'm fairly confident that those will be fixed/tracked down quickly, since a look at the discussions shows that the dev is communicating closely with the community to get rid of those problems.This game also comes with a very good soundtrack as far as I am concerened, so all in all I heartily recommend it.Finally: This is my first review, so i hope I managed to touch upon the important points."
,Recommended,418150,25760946,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,AlStar,"Take the theme and collectibles of Binding of Isaac, mix it with the 2d platformer aspect of Spelunky or Rogue Legacy; and you’ve pretty much got The Madness of Little Emma.It’s difficult – some rooms and bosses can get downright bullet-hell-esque with the amount of fire they’re throwing at you, and even some fairly early enemies can be extremely vicious – especially ones that make quick leaps at you, potentally trapping you in a corner.The items you pick up tend towards passive bonuses, allowing for vicious stacking combos (if you get lucky, anyway – there’s plenty of dud items, although I have yet to find anything actively negative like accidentally picking up Soy Milk or Cursed Eye in Isaac.)The music is good, and the pixel graphics work pretty well.Importantly, as of this writing (September 29th), the game is 80% off – a mere $1.79. At that price, I’d say that it’s a great pickup for anyone who enjoys rogue-like/light/platformers/any of the games that I mentioned in my first sentence."
76561198009442036,Recommended,418150,23926937,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Beasten,"Edit: Changed some of the wording and updated it a little bit.The Madness Of Little Emma is a nice little action platformer. If you're a fan of The Binding Of Isaac (TBOI) it should kind of feel familiar as it is heavily inspired by it at times. Normally, I don't write reviews, but this game has so few players that I feel I have to.What is The Madness Of Little Emma?The Madness Of Little Emma is an 2D action platformer set in a dark world. As in TBOI you have one ""item room"" on every floor, there are sacrifice rooms - though they're not working like the ones in TBOI - shops, dare rooms, secrets and some more. You also have to beat a boss at the end of the floor to go down deeper and deeper until you reach the final boss.But most things still are working quite different than in TBOI. So TMOLE isn't just an ""TBOI as an action platformer"", but is its own game and has its own appeal.What could be better:-ItemsSome items are really good and fun to play with, but most of the items don't really help you or worse make your run worse. While TBOI also had the same kind of items, I feel that they had more use.After having played some more I don't think the items are that big of a problem anymore. I probably expected too much of them, but unlike in TBOI in this game most items won't make your run. TMOLE relies more on the skill of the player than having great items which doesn't mean that good items can't save your run.Example for ""bad"" items: I was really disappointed in the shuriken, it looked really nice in the trailer, but when I obtained it, it just felt bad. Having to fight enemies with a shield is pure horror, as you can hit them twice mostly or even just once and you have to wait for the shuriken to return to you before you can throw it again, while their shield is back up.Example for ""good"" items: The raven. I just love that little ugly bird. He can fly through walls and instantly attacks the first enemy in sight while you can still shoot and he does quite some damage. Always nice to have and it makes the run much easier.Neutral:-It's hardLike really really hard. Maybe even harder than TBOI. But that's ok, I like challenging games. After having said that, you can still beat the ""endboss"" on your first day playing. The good thing is, that this game doesn't end there. It more or less just begins.I also like the fact that you can control the hardness by collecting madness from items or the hanged girl. The more madness you have, the harder the game gets. Like TBOI elite enemies also get a lot more common, if you beat the ""endboss"" the first time.But there are things right now that I feel are to difficult. Of course it could be my limited skill, but I find most of  the elite bosses to hard. For example elite Liquid Sisters are taking up 2/3 of the bossroom and the bubbles they shoot, which explode into more shots, are taking the rest of the room. Some bosses are easier than others and you have to get used to most of them and even then it's still a challenge.What's good:-LeaderboardYou gain points by how well you played and by how far you could go in your playthrough. Note that every playthrough counts as long as you play the ladder mode. The Ladder gets reset every two weeks (at the time I'm writing this review).Edit: It seems like the ladder wasn't resetted since i wrote this review the first time.-RNG/ randomly generated dungeons including which items, rooms, shops etc you getEvery new run just feels kind of unique and refreshing. You always want to find out, which item you get on the floor. But even though I love that there are 250 items in the game - some of which you have to unlock -, if you haven't unlocked enough it feels like you get the same items again and again. Maybe it's just me, but I get baseball glove like 50% of my runs.-No tutorial-ingYou get to know the basics of the game and thats it. Not even the specialties of the characters you can unlock are explained, so you have to find everything out yourself (or use the wiki). It feels like starting TBOI all over again and I love it.If you want to get into this game, I suggest you check out the official beginner guide by the creater, Hugeowl. You can find it in the steam guides, it explains the basics and helps a lot for the start.-Active ItemsI just like how they work. Most of the time you have to pay some small amount to use the item. In TBOI it would probably suck, but here it works really well.-UnlocksLike TBOI there are different endings, items, bosses etc to unlock. I love unlocking things.After all TMOLE is a fun indie game and it still gets patches from time to time, so it has the potential to get better and better. It may not be a flawless game and sometimes even a little bit too hard, but if you have fun with TBOI you pretty sure will have fun with TMOLE. Also, supporting an indie developer feels nice."
,Recommended,418150,23296818,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Arkan01d,"A great game! Kind of short, but it's just the right amount of time for a busy, working-class guy, like myself. I'm very happy with this purchse. I know everyone has said a lot of good things about this game so I'd like to point out something different:One thing that really annoys me about platforming games, rouge-like ones in particular, is when the dev doesn't take the time to get the running/jumping/platforming mechanic solid. This game achieves that very well. You move around the screen at a good pace, not too fast not too slow. You won't find yourself running into damage because your character failed to react to your movements. Also you don't continue to slide around after running/jumping. I rarely found myself getting frustrated at not being able to reach a ledge and at no time was it due to my character just continuing to move and fall off due to bad mechanics.Big kudos on nailing the basics of gameplay! A lot of devs tend to overlook that."
76561198158149244,Recommended,418150,27376328,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,tuckboat,"If I were grading on concept alone this is probably an ""A"" for me. That concept being that of a roguelight twin stick platformer featuring a seedy cartoon atmosphere and tons and tons of unlockables.Obviously heavily influenced by the Binding of Isaac everywhere from concept to theme to mechanics all the way down the line. No suprise to find it's still a winning formula her even while I wish it was more original in some aspects it's still a fun ride.I would say the underlying platforming/shooter mechanics are solid but not spectacular. To elaborate on that point a bit I just feel that the running around shooting etc. feels functional here as opposed to spectacularly fluid or satisfying.  Luckily the vast number of unlockables and different playstyles and upgrades makes the experience a plus 1 and the fact that I got this for just under 2 bucks makes me smile and shake my head at some of my other purchases.6/10"
,Recommended,418150,29225302,Posted: 13 January,all,Justavian,"I don't have much to add that others haven't already said.  It's got a lot of similarities to Binding of Isaac, but as other reviewers have noted, it doesn't feel like a rehash.  There are a handful of new and interesting ideas in the game, and there's more than enough content to entertain you for a dozen or more hours - much more if you want to see what the unlocks are, find new power ups, and see the various endings.  There are unfair moments that will frustrate you, and the rare bug (in 150 or so times i've done a playthrough so far, i've had 3 games where a bug prevented me from continuing), but overall the game feels pretty good - even if maybe it's a bit unbalanced at times.It's disappointing that more people haven't snagged this game - i think it's much better than the numbers are indicating (only 94 reviews as of this post).  Maybe some folks are turned off by the $8.99 price - i think i got it on sale for just a couple dollars myself.  But my opinion on that might be a special case, since i don't buy any games over 10 bucks as a rule (after all, i have about a hundred games i haven't even installed yet - anytime i think i want a game more than $10, i remind myself of that fact!)My strongest endorsement of the game is simply my number of hours in game - 64 at this point, and still going.  That being said, i don't feel like the replay value is anywhere near Binding of Isaac - but maybe that doesn't really say much, since i have about a thousand hours in that game across the original + rebirth + afterbirth.If you like difficult platformers that have tons of things to unlock and discover, then this is certainly worth a try.  If you do decide to buy this, try to give it a couple of hours before your verdict - my own opinion of the game has only improved with more playthroughs..."
76561198127506572,Not Recommended,418150,28143950,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Myrmidon,"I seem to be addicted to this game, despite my frustration for how it just drops me into bullet-hell. I find myself wanting more control over which power-ups I receive, and more opportunity for clever escape. Some rooms are dead-simple,  while others are pretty much impossible.. unless you have the right power-ups, of course. Frustrated but addicted is bad, so I cannot recommend the game."
,Recommended,418150,26357939,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Charlo,"Basically, Binding of Isaac as a platformer - downright to the dark setting, artwork and general gameplay. If you liked binding of isaac and like platformers, you're going to enjoy this.The only thing that can be bothersome are the controls. I've never been a fan of platformers with mouse aim, so if you are bothered by it, you better maybe playing something else.Also, the game is a little rough on the edges: the trasition between the screens sometimes can cause a shaky effect on the screen because the camera goes up and down really fast a couple times before settling in the new character position. Also, the game over screen could be a little more flashed out, instructing the player to press any key to go to the main screen (I found myself waiting for visual feedback every time I died lol)But nonetheless, is a fun game. Like I said in the beginning, if you like BoI and platformers, you're going to like this game for sure."
,Recommended,418150,25832480,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Dr. Mr. 🇻🇮🇩🇪🇴 🇬🇦🇲🇪🇸,"TL;DR - Despite some of its flaws, low budget, and how heavy-handedly it draws from its obvious inspirations, Emma is a competently made game with enough fun and unique ideas to make it a worthy addition to the rogue-like-like genre.As someone with over 1000 hours in the Binding of Isaac games, I've been curious to try the Madness of Little Emma for awhile now, since Isaac appears to be its most obvious influence.I'm writing this review of my initial impressions of the game after only having played a few runs, with my latest being a fairly decent one (I made it to ""Misery"" and managed to clear some sort of Love-themed optional dungeon).  I'm not sure how close to the end I made it, but I feel I experienced enough of the game to give me a good idea of what kind of experiences I can expect  from it.While the game draws heavily from its Isaac inspiration, the most obvious difference is its side-on perspective and the inclusion of some basic platforming elements.  If Isaac is a variation on Zelda-type dungeon crawling, Emma is a variation on Metroid.  The movement feels good - due to the game's focus on bullet-hell type enemies (more so than Isaac even), the ability to jump, dodge, and weave between enemy bullets is crucial, and game controls quite well in that regard.  While I normally prefer to play platformers with a controller (and the game does kind of support it, but not very well), mouse and keyboard seems to make the most sense for this game.The art style is quite dark, and lacks the silly gross-out humor found in the Binding of Isaac.  Most of the early enemies are just some gnarly insects, but some of the later enemies are downright Lovecraftian masses of eyeballs, slime and sinew.  Though there is some humor in the game, most of it seems pretty straight-faced and grim, and the music, which is mostly subdued and atmospheric, adds to that aesthetic.The spirit of the gameplay is very much like Isaac.  Players play as Emma or one of several unlockable characters and traverse procedurally-generated dungeon maps.  Maps are randomly populated with a series of rooms - upon entering a room, the doors lock behind you until all the enemies have been cleared.  Also like in Isaac, death is permanent, and each run starts you over from scratch aside from any unlockables you managed to get from your previous run.  The enemies themselves seem quite varied in both appearance and attack abilities.  Some fire bullets in a wide range of patterns and effects, some chase you down in varying ways (through walls, divebombing from the sky, teleporting across the room, etc), some spawn other enemies, some fire beams, and some are, frankly, just hard to describe - I'm actually tempted to say there might even be more individual enemy variety in this game than in Isaac.  In addition to enemies, some rooms have chests of varying quality (brown, gray, gold, and red in rare cases) some of which require a bomb to open.  The are also spike traps, and bombable walls, secret rooms, and occasionally colored herbs which grant the player stat buffs (or debuffs) when consumed, sort of like pills in Isaac.  Each floor contains one treasure room which randomly draws from a large pool of stat/ability altering items (over 250), one boss room, and sometimes one or more ""special rooms"" like a sacrifice room (sacrificing health/consumables for herbs [maybe items?]), Arenas (fighting off waves of enemies for loot), Shops (which contain herbs, chests, and a creepy hooded skeleton man who doesn't understand the meaning of ""personal space""), and what I call ""Hanging Rooms"" which feature a girl hanging by a noose who drops an item when you shoot her.Of the items I've found so far, some seem familiar, and some unique.  In my last run I found an item which caused friendly ghosts to spawn around me and chase down enemies (like blue flies in Isaac), a helpful robot friend that orbited my body and shot down enemy projectiles with a laser, an item which made my ""tears"" larger and stronger when I stood still, and an item that made me fart enemy-stunning perfume.  It's not yet clear to me whether or not Emma features the same level of item synergy found in Isaac, though I would assume it does to some degree or another.Combat is only superficially similar to that in Isaac.  While Emma also fires white tear-like projectiles (or maybe it's spit?), the high movement speed, ability to jump, and the 360 degree aiming makes for a much faster and potentially more hectic experience than in Isaac.  After the first few floors, the bullet hell aspects of this game seriously ramp up - whereas Isaac is more focused on predicting enemy shots and carefully placing yourself between them, Emma seems to require more twitch reflexes and simply running the ♥♥♥♥ away from situations when they get too hairy.  The later levels can become seriously overwhelming in that regard, so much so that I find it difficult to imagine that player should be expected to be able to dodge all of the shots instead of simply taking it on the chin and using your (generous) invincibility frames to better position yourself around some cover.  On the one hand, this seems somewhat reasonable despite the game being fairly withholding when it comes to health and especially health upgrades, on the other, one of the things I love so much about Isaac is the predictability of enemy attacks and being able to avoid damage simply by being smart.Bosses are also a big part of the game, and so far I've only found a couple that remind of those from Isaac.  One was a segmented snake monster that bounced around the room, the other was a big face that split into multiple smaller faces when enough damage had been dealt to it.  So far, other than those two, I haven't seen any others which immediately reminded me of Isaac bosses.  That said, I can't say I found most of the bosses I fought to be particularly fun or compelling.  One was a giant fly that lazily glided around the room occasionally popping out two smaller flies that would each fire a single projectile (and small flies dropped hearts, which seemed unnecessary given how easy the fight was).  In the optional Love-themed dungeon I stumbled across, the boss was a large heart that bounced around the room spewing out bullets in an octagonal pattern, which would split into more large bullet-spewing hearts as it got damaged, repeating this process until 8 or so of these large hearts had been defeated.  Of the bosses I encountered, my favorite was called Entozoon, who looked like a giant demented Pez dispenser and flew off-and-on the screen spewing bullets and carpet-bombing the room, requiring some interesting dodging to avoid being hit.  While admittedly I haven't even seen half of the bosses in the game yet, I'm a little disappointed in the boss rooms, which so far have been empty rectangular rooms that don't seem to take advantage of one of the game's main mechanics - the platforming.  You're mostly just running back and forth across the floor dodging projectiles and hopping over the bosses when they get too close.  There's no verticality to fights from what I've seen (though, again, it's possible I just didn't get to see those fights).  On the later levels the game somewhat manages to remedy this by spawning bosses in the normal rooms which makes more a much interesting fight.  I just wish platforming had been more of a consideration for those early boss fights to keep them from feeling so dull.Overall, aside from my complaint about boss fights, and a few bugs I noticed during the screen transitions, I quite enjoyed my time with this game.  Emma manages to wear its inspiration on its sleeve without being overshadowed by it and has its own unique brand of fun charm.  Fans of the Binding of Isaac, Rogue Legacy, or even Terraria will probably find more than a little to love here."
,Recommended,418150,20636761,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Razdan,"Fun roguelite game to sink some hours in, is a challenge, but fun to master. I have yet to even see all the items yet and I look forward to finding more combinations!"
,Recommended,418150,20171051,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,boot,"Imitation is the sincerest form of flattery.That said, calling The Madness of Little Emma a clone of The Binding of Isaac would be giving it too little credit. It very obviously draws heavy influence, using a very similar HUD, (almost) identical means of attacking and even all but reusing some of the enemies and bosses from TBOI, including directly borrowing names (I'm looking at you, Haunt). Despite the striking resemblance to Isaac, the platformer aspect helps to keep the gameplay fresh.It helps to think of The Madness of Little Emma as what it is, a standalone game, and not as an Isaac clone.The side view as opposed to a top-down view offers possibilities for interesting items and enemies, such as giving your shots weight allowing you to shoot in arcs, and the Twin Sisters boss which drops from the ceiling above you. Jumping around to dodge enemies and shots is difficult and a little frustrating at first, but I enjoy it more and more as I play. The knife-throwing enemies on the third floor are surprisingly fun to fight in narrow hallways with ceilings just low enough to evade damage with a well-timed jump.Aesthetically, The Madness of Little Emma really shines. The Binding of Isaac has some of my favorite concepts for bosses (The Cage, The Lamb), and even though I've only seen early-game bosses and enemies as of the writing of this review, Emma does a fantastic job of being more creepy and less cartoony. The mass of eyeballs that can be found on the third floor that make that wonderfully creepy sound when they split and the first chapter boss 'The Haunt' that floats around menacingly with that horrific smile (think that weird distorted smiledog.jpg picture) are two of my favorite examples. The dark color palette looks great and I love what little I've heard of the soundtrack thus far.All in all, The Madness of Little Emma is a fun little game that I'm definitely glad I bought. I won't say that it's better or worse than Isaac, I'll just say it's a fun standalone rogue-like that I would definitely recommend."
,Recommended,418150,20413203,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Akii'Ito - 悪鬼意図,"An amazing game, all it's own once you get past it's similarities with other games.I've played this a fair bit, and stream it often, and intend to carry on doing so.While it's obvious that it's heavily influenced by other games, such as The Binding Of Isaac, the creater has clearly defined this as a seperate game, adding other mechanics not see in similar games, differentiating it from the rest.I enjoy it immensely, the game having huge replayability, and a ton of unlockables (with more to come, hopefully).Challenging and fun, people really need to give this more than a few minutes playing and complaining.Can't wait for more updates."
,Recommended,418150,21967135,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,LegionLord Vaxid,"Although I enjoy this game, I don't feel like it offers much more than many of the other rogue-lights I've played. I feel like its good, but I don't feel like its for me.That being said, that doesn't mean its not for you. It's definitely fast paced, has an enjoyable environment and atmosphere, and requires some point awareness at times.Do I recommend this game? Yes. Not for me, but I wouldn't tell you not to try it."
,Recommended,418150,23238677,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,∆  Pain  ∆,so I played this game a few hours and I must say that its definitely worth the money.- Addictive ... because you want to go further and find new items see new enemys etc- Good music- Nice design- Leaderboard ( I am currently place 25 )only thing I dont like are the spiky things on the ground sometimes its a bit unfair to reach some treasure chests ^^buy it ! :)
,Recommended,418150,19985618,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Babe Lincoln,"Oh, The Madness of Little Emma!Solid game! Still has some kinks to work out but definitely enjoyable. Very difficult and requires more practice than I've yet put in. I'm not going to do a pro/con list, but if you want to hear my extended thoughts on the game, I made a little video you can watch:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l0AjRowb4oQ&feature=youtu.be"
76561198053652741,Recommended,418150,19948929,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Vending Machine,"The Madness of Little Emma. Even though it was heavily influenced by The Binding of Isaac, gameplay is very different. Well, it's obvious because Emma is a platformer game.Although the game is a bit unpolished at this moment, it's still very enjoyable. The most noticeable thing is that there's no much variation in room layouts. Of course they're different from level to level, but you can see the same layout on the same level pretty often. But oh well, it's just a matter of time.Of course, it's really hard and you may need a bit of a time to get used to it. Especially it's important to get used to spikes - they're a major game element.The music is pretty nice. Episode 3's theme is probably my favorite."
76561197980938572,Not Recommended,418150,29413606,Posted: 21 January,all,svyerkgeniiy,"I was on the fence for positive/negative on this one... I'm going thumbs down.  <aside>Why don't we get a scale 1-5 or something, Steam?  C'mon!</aside>It's like the creator wanted to make Binding of Isaac, but that was already done:* Play in a series of increasingly deep basement rooms and floors? Check.* Lots of random power-ups that can have synergistic effects? Check.* Big Boss to fight at the end of the floor? Check.* Body fluids as weapons? Check.* Treasure chests, coins, and bombs? Check.* Shops with undead shopkeepers? Check.* Sad and creepy back story and enviroment? Check.To be fair, the creator has said s/he was inspired by TBOI, but I just don't find this game as fun.  Some things I don't like:* Your main weapon is <i>spit</i>.  Yes, you happily spit at your enemies, not the sad tears of TBOI.  To me this is just weird.* Your shot range is about 1/4 the screen width, but enemy shots fly across the entire room.  This cannot be improved (at least that I've seen so far except by one or two powerups).  You can get hit by an enemy that died eight seconds ago.* Edit 2/26 addition: A consequence of the previous point: if the shot doesn't move very quickly (happens with some enemy types) or at all, the shot will stay on the screen for a VERY long time.  Beyond all reason.  Waiting for you to touch it.* TBOI is played as a top-down view of rooms.  TMOLE is played as a side view of rooms with platforms.  Jump, jump, jump.  I don't find this fun, maybe you will.* F*cking spikes everywhere.  You can prevent damage if you jump up from them quickly.... once.  After that they are extended, good luck getting past them.  Half the treasures are spike puzzles, or you just can't get them unless you want to die for them.* To compensate for all the spikes, there is a ghost character (Elizabeth) that can fly and shoot through (some) barriers and is not affected by spikes.  This character has some limitations such as increased damage received, but I can't seem to enjoy playing with any other character.* Edit add 2/26: Elizabeth can shoot ""ghost"" spit through most barriers, unlike the non-dead chars.  She can also fly.  This compensates for the platform craziness required of other chars, but some of the items you pick up nullify her advantages.  E.g., bouncy spit prevents her normal ability to spit through barriers the enemies can't.  Many other items are useless (e.g, she can already fly so catching that item doesn't help.)  Hope you have that item catalog handy!* Most rooms are too dim to easily see the walls.  You can get stuck because you can't see the dim wall stopping you while you are trying to get away from enemies.  Did you die unexpectedly?  Oh, that slightly less black wall in the already noisy background was there.* Items are just random and weird and often not helpful.  If you don't remember what the item does, too bad (e.g., the one that drops your fire rate really low).  There is a catalog, but finding the item in the list before you touch it is not easy.  Once you pick it up it becomes part of a separate list (but too late if it's bad).* Edit add 2/26: The game seems to confuse ""hard"" with ""impossible"".  A hard game would require more skill to succeed in, but some rooms are just absolutely impossible.  Bullet hell with bullets all moving at different speeds, and your char speed is way too fast to reasonably maneuver in the tiny intervals between them.  Or enemies with insane advantages (I'm looking at you, brown liquid sisters.)* The occasional, infuriating, unexpected crash to desktop.  I was having a good game, too!!* The painful rare but not-impossible punishment of having your luck dropped to zero.  Majorly reduced chance of bombs, coins, and hearts.There is some interesting creativity to differentiate it:* Arena rooms give a reward after surviving a fight.* Edit add 2/26: Arena mode is a way to learn about many items that otherwise you only occasionally encounter.* Sacrifice rooms give a reward for giving up health, bombs, and coins.* Special and secret levels: beehive, dark tunnel, space, others.* Creative enemy types, even if most have analogues in TBOI.* Unique and consistent, distinct art style* Good musicBuy it if TBOI is not enough for you.  But get that one first."
76561198060390205,Recommended,418150,25773299,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,kupumog,"I honestly got more out of this game then I expected to. Bought it on sale and it filled the itch that I needed to scratch for an easy to pick up but challenging to master roguelike. I think this game is very fun for the genre, you can tell the develeper put a large amount of time into balancing the game and all the different items in it. Well worth the money spent for the hours I played."
,Recommended,418150,26260554,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Happy Meal,"Let me start out by saying I've had lots of fun playing this game and I still am! This game has so many items and hidden rooms I'm still unlocking them and trying to figure out how everything works. I can say hands down I would recommend this game to just about anyone, it's not a serious hard core game but it's cute and unique in it's own creepy way. Even though I've been played the game for a while now it's not that repetitive at all, each dungeon is completely unique offering different items, bosses, and secrets making each run Really fun or just fustraiting. 10/10 Great buy"
,Recommended,418150,22888653,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Digital Abuse,"I have over 900+ hours on Binding of Isaac, and I can easily say it's my favorite game. Madness of Little Emma does a fantastic job bringing back the love I have for Isaac since I started to play. The level of difficulty can be comparable, and the learning curve is the same. I hate to say it, but to me, it's Binding of Isaac 2 with improvements. It's a worthy pick up, and certainly worth the current price on Steam. I have, as I write this, about an hour, and can very plainly say, I found a new favorite game. If you like BOI, get this."
,Recommended,418150,20050307,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,MatthewRPG,"Imagine Binding of Isaac but a platformer, fun, and actually difficult.Play it, it's fun."
,Recommended,418150,25863702,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,SolarFlar3,"Wow I'm unexpectedly impressed. This game is actually really good!Pros:+Like Binding of Isaac, the powerups you get are very relevant and gamechanging (unlike EtG imo)+The art looks really good. Little critters fill the rooms and bring them to life+The music is also really good. Very reminiscent of BoI also.+There are secrets galore. The wiki is really lacking at the moment, so a lot of things about the game feel like a mystery. This is a plus to some and a con to other, but I find it kind of refreshing that the game feels so unexplored and new right now. This is one of my favorite things about the game.+You can click on the menu to find out what items do. You dont need to look up items in your inventory's effects on a wiki.+The seplechur miniboss is super interestingCons (These cons are all very very small nitpicky things, the pros are a way bigger deal):-Jumping feels a little too floaty to me. Becomes a non-issue once you get used to it.-One of the bosses so far (I think it was the haunt) can get into situations where its impossible to dodge their attack. This is very likely the players fault though. He's too tall to jump over, so if he charges you and you aren't positioned right so that he charges horizontally, then you cant dodge.-Spikes come up a little too fast imo. I am disincentivised to ever try grabbing chests on them because I always take damage."
,Recommended,418150,25801164,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Rossmallo,"Yes, this game is very, VERY derivative of several games, to the point where the intro made me think ""Is this Binding of Isaac told from Mom's perspective?"" at first.But you know, theme and general feel aside...Derivative or not, sometimes you have to respect solid craftsmanship. This is VERY nicely done. Definately worth a look."
76561198026246302,Recommended,418150,24945352,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,inertus,"I greatly recommend The Madness of Little Emma for anyone who likes rogue-lites and challenging games with tons of replayability.I really like this game.Although heavily inspired, it manages to be unique and inventive. After playing a lot of Rebirth and getting a bit bored with it, I found The Madness of Little Emma to soothe the craving while not being just more of the same.Definitely worth the price, too. There is a surprising amount of content and a great deal of replay value. It always feels exciting to figure out what an item does, to finally kill a boss or to find yet another secret. Also, I love the music.Not sure if I like the game visually but that's not what I'm here for. There are so many good things about this game that it would be silly to judge it just by it's looks, which aren't too bad anyways."
,Recommended,418150,25164283,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,xbony2,"I've played almost 50 hours of this game, so I guess I'm qualified to review it.It's pretty great. 8.5/10 you should buy it. The only thing I have against it is its difficulty- despite played it for 50 hours, I've only unlocked the first ending. You'd think I'd reach the others by now, but nope. What's particularly cruel to me is the ladder mechanic; dying early in the game can make my ladder score go down by thousands of points, which is a serious rage quiter :( it discourages experimentation and induces rage. The game does have a ""casual mode"" that allows you to play without touching the ladder score, but that takes out the fun of trying to raise it and doesn't really reward experiementation.Overall though, the atmosphere, story, randomization is really good. I give 8.5/10."
76561198051695545,Recommended,418150,22092592,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Faustiana,"I love the graphics and story. I wasn't expecting such a good short prologue that really got into the head of a girl losing her mind. It's a hard game,but satisfying. I will say the movement of the character feels a little fast to me but that's my only 'complaint.'"
76561198087062700,Recommended,418150,34774247,Posted: 6 September,all,babiesdontneedspleens,"The Madness of Little Emma is one of those games that was compared to another (in this case, The Binding of Issac), and that caused me to skip it for a while. Luckily, I ended up picking this up on impulse during a sale, and I have found that I like it a lot.Now, there are some parallels to Issac, in that you have a character with a tragic backstory going a bit crazy, a plethora of characters to choose from, randomly generating maps, and loads of items you can collect. The thing that seperates it is that it becomes its own game as you play, with everything from the sidescrolling layout to the types of items keeping you wanting to play.As far as layout goes, you have a map on the top of the screen that shows you where you are and all adjoining rooms. It also tracks your progress and it keeps a rudimentary tab on some items you miss. It will not, for example, tell you that you missed a treasure chest but it will inform you that you left coins or a heart behind. This helps a lot, too, and especially when you are hurt.You have specific abiilities on the lefthand side that can be powered up in a few ways, with these basically controlling your strength, how fast you shoot, and your luck. Along with that, you have hearts that showcase your health, and that are removed in halves or wholesdepending on the enemy.When it comes to attacking, you have the left click shot and the right clickbomb. Different characters impact this differently; for example, you can unlock a little ghost girl that can shoot through walls. Still, this is basic - in a good way - meaning you do not have to worry about convoluted controls.The room layout has a few options, from the randomly spawned enemy rooms to rooms with games of chance, challenges, rooms to spend coins (or hearts sometimes), and bonus rooms. There is at least one bonus room per level, so you basically get an item for winning each time. There are also RIP rooms, wherein you pick up a large item as well.As far as what you can find here, you have 100s of items that you can get and that can be stacked on top of one another, so you can become more and more powerful as you roam the game. For example, you may find a cloud that causes all your enemies to stick to it and a hat that gives you spikes if attacked from behind. You may find bugs to surround and protect you or an assault raven that hits baddies. You can also get shot upgrades, giving you bomb shots, stronger ones, stun ones, and on.There are loads of enemies in the game, too, giving you a variety of things to run into. From the basic moths that get in the way to the more complex enemies that shoot lightning or teleport, you have things to figure out and mater. The bosses also come in a variety of forms, from flying to those that spawn little helpers to snakes and the like. I like the boss fights because they are straight forward - there is a bar across the top depecting the boss health in read. Take it and you win.There are also two modes of play. You can play the ladder, wherein you can see other people's scores and compete by adding onto yours (this accumulates and does not go game by game), or you can play casual.I like this game quite a bit - it can be a good way to kill a few minutes or to set for an hour or two."
,Not Recommended,418150,33979650,Posted: 2 August,all,[GUG] Runescape Imp c. 2007,"This game is fun, but it feels so unpolished. The last update was over a year ago and it seems like the dev no longer is working on it. It just feels incomplete. Because of that, I can't recommend it despite how much fun it is."
,Recommended,418150,23281095,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Echoherb,"This game is a hidden gem. It released late December in 2015, and so far as of the writing of this review, doesn't seem to have gotten much attention. I only found out about it because I was digging through steam suggestions based on games similar to another Roguelike, and was suprised there was so little information about it anywhere considering how good it is.It clearly gets inspiration from Binding of Isaac, but it's a sidescroller. If you like Isaac you'll probably like this too. Seriously, imagine Isaac as a sidescroller, and you have this. If that concept sounds interesting to you, like it did to me, then get this-you won't be disappointed.It's not just a Binding of Isaac clone though. This game takes an entirely different set of skills, and has it's own kind of charm to it. It's has a bit of a learning curve, especially if you're used to the top down perspective. I found the game quite difficult, but once I got used to the controls and being in a 2D environment it felt a little more forgiving (Except those goddamn spikes). Thankfully the Author is very active and helpful, and constantly updates and works on improving the game, even going as far as writing a minguide to help people figure out certain aspects of the game.In the end, I'm very happy I purchased this game, and I hope it gets a lot more attention than it has so far. It really deserves it."
76561197994100111,Recommended,418150,20488247,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Nicobay le pokemon,"2D rogue like game , with score ladder .diferent ending that are hard to get .really cool game , give a try"
,Not Recommended,418150,29857052,Posted: 11 February,all,Karla,"Really good music and I like the unique Binding of Isaac adaptation.However, the movement alone is enough to deter me away from playing this game. It is beyond clunky. I really had high hopes because I love Binding of Isaac and this is similar, except in platformer format, but the movement need to be smoother for me to pick it up again."
,Recommended,418150,19975802,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Jellybean,"If you like Isaac, you're gonna like this game, I haven't played much but I am already so excited to see what the future will bring.All those items  I haven't collected yet! Boy, I can't wait to find out what they are.This basically Isaac but platformer.The only downside is that the bosses (which I've seen so far) are kind of boring and easily figured out without much to them, but that's only a small complaint!Very good game, love it so far!"
,Recommended,418150,30254448,Posted: 28 February,all,Night,"First i want start off saying there isnt much wrong with this game technically, but little things keep adding up in my brain. This game is trying hard to be EXACTLY like The binding of Issac and in that....it fails. Ive fought several bosses that i instantly recgonized in their design and ability from Issac. From the bombs/coins/upgrade stats to the gameplay is all trying so hard to be like Issac and it really shows. Hell you're chracter shoots orbs ot of her mouth in place of tears. I cant tell though if its trying to ripoff issac or trying to be like it but for me the comparisons are so obvious that its not an homage.Now having said that, fans of Issac will find something to enjoy in this game. But the problem is if you likie Issac you might as well just play that instead of this game. The two are very similar in their desgin but one is just better at what it does. But it being cheap at $9 makes it hard to say ""Dont buy this game"" You're not losing much if you dont enjoy and at most you will enjoy cause its familiar."
,Recommended,418150,24834672,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,futique808,"Probably the best roguelike on steam.  I would say a cross between the splenky type platformer with the rest influenced from Binding of Isaac and it works very well.  Tons of powerups, great music, and the random generation does a great job.  Bravo!"
76561198272665397,Recommended,418150,23263834,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Keyblade_mast97,Fun game. Good replay value. Dark story. I love it
,Recommended,418150,20542116,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Blü,"The Madness of Little Emma is a good game, however it'll take you a while to actualy start getting somewhere.The Madness of Little Emma is a game inspired by Binding of Isaac, and takes a different approach on it by making it into a sidescrolling game (is sidescrolling the right word here? I'm not sure myself, so please let me know if it isn't!)now, as always, let's start with the good stuff:+ the story, while it has a few similarities to BoI (which is prefer to call nod, because there's only 2 noticeable one and they're minor details), is very unique and intriguing, however, I cannot say anything about the ending as I have yet to reach them.+ the game is easy to grasp, you shoot at enemies with left click to kill them, and you place bombs with right click to break walls and other objects (or just blow up enemies), however, being able to effectively doge enemies and survive for more than 3 floors is where the game starts becomming difficult, so if you've never played a game like this before, you'll suck for quite a while.+ the music isn't anything special IMO, but it works really well with the grim tone the game has.while this is all great, I have a few issues with this game:- such a game should have some sort of wiki, which it does not.However, the game is less than a month old and the community is pretty small, so I can understand it not having a wiki yet.- the game becomes repetitive really quickly, becasue of the small collection of items and the fact that there's only one character, and for a game that can take a while to get good at, that is not a good thingall in all, the game is fun, but I'd say that the game currently costs a bit too much for what it has as of right now.Final rating: 6/10"
76561197964342785,Recommended,418150,19924584,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,khachik2003,"awesome.  Buy it, play it, enjoy it"
,Recommended,418150,28973443,Posted: 3 January,all,dudeanonymous,This game has a lot to offer for a small price tag. It goes very cheap during steam sales and I was able to pick it up for $.8 and oh man is it worth that price!
76561198021842806,Recommended,418150,33969849,Posted: 2 August,all,shftyswtchblade2,"I've got about 4 hours into the game and it's just OKAY.Pros:  Great BoI adaptation.  If you like platforming and BoI, this is the game for you.  Plenty of new pickups and characters to unlock and challenging to boot.  Definitely a must if you're one of those perfectionist gamers.Cons:  Very unbalanced.  The characters I've unlocked have pretty cruddy starting stats and the game is SUPER control twichy.  It's difficult to drop bombs in the game (I usually have to push the button 2 or 3 times and before you ask, it's not a hardware problem).If you like a great challenge, don't mind spending a few bucks, and searching for the NVIDA patch (it's in the forums, took me about 30 minutes to find it), pick this one up.  But if you're one of those folks that get easily frustrated over mechanics and ""get gud"" scenarios, stay away.Barely got a thumbs up from me."
,Not Recommended,418150,29257169,Posted: 14 January,all,Sekobro,Binding of Isaac appreciation simulator.
,Not Recommended,418150,20993430,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,5 Bears On Patrol,Like binding of isaac but extremely slow and tedious.I'm still looking for a good isaac style platformer.
76561198067404054,Not Recommended,418150,28924637,Posted: 1 January,all,The Trust Melon,"Being a large fan of both TBoI and Spelunky, this just seemed like more of the great things, with a cheaper price, especially on sale, and let me tell you, just by opening the game up, it didn't feel like it.The story at the beginning seemed bland and dull, although I was semi-fond of the art style in the opening sequence. But then you get to the menu screen and as I go to set my game into Fullscreen mode, I notice something. The resolutions are locked. So, I just played at the highest possible, I think it was 1332 x some-random-number, I don't quite remember.Start the game up and go into it, shows controls for keyboard although I am playing on an Xbox controller without having a keyboard plugged in since the USB slot needed to be switched out prior to launch, so I had no idea how to play the game and had to go into the controls menu to figure it out. Something fairly minor, but still something that can annoy some players.And in game. The art style. I just don't like it. It looks awful. And I understand that this is about as indie as games get, but we've had some nice looking pixel art from developers like this. And this just wasn't appealing to look at. At all. Proceeded to die once and thought to myself.""Let's go play Isaac or Spelunky instead."" Those titles are worth your money."
76561198044229474,Not Recommended,418150,25776857,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,"Oh look, JJ is here! (AFK)","Its the binding of issac, but inverted.No, she (instead of he) spits for damage (instead of tears)I take it ALL BACK."
,Not Recommended,418150,22063067,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Finn,Binding of Isaac if Binding of Isaac was a platformer and not good
76561198058380254,Not Recommended,418150,20363663,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,James,ok so how did no one mention there is no fullscreen? like really this the full release of the game with no fullscreen or decent controller support?!?! its not even good its just BOI but with bad controls i dont get why people are praising this game.
76561198037317998,Not Recommended,418150,29036811,Posted: 5 January,all,Fz Dynelight,"In the first floor alone I counted the following things that are plagiarized from Binding of Isaac.- Spitting, obviously tears.- Mask is Envy in 2D; splitting into smaller pieces when damaged- The green worm is Larry Jr but easier- Stars on the minimap marking where powerups are- Destroying hanged corpses for loot- Oversized flies that spit red bullets and oversized spiders that don't.- The layout of the hud- Coins being dropped one at a time, if that- Treasure chests within treasure chests- Chests on spikes are obviously meant to be lawyer-approved curse roomsIf I wanted to play Binding of Isaac I'd play Binding of Isaac.The developer also send his friends to harass people who post negative reviews and circumvents blocks. Do not trust this man. He is a harasser of women on the internet."
,Not Recommended,418150,30579479,Posted: 17 March,all,Andros,The spikes are gay and ruin it
,Recommended,418150,27043835,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Buggzor,A solid roguelite platformer. If you want all or most of the achievements you will have to play a lot of runs and hope RNG is on your side. Some are very RNG reliant and you will only know if you have a chance at them half way or more through a run.
,Recommended,418150,26644550,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,anqxyr,"The game does borrow a lot from Binding of Isaac, but that fact is misleading. The game, at its core, is a hard bullet hell platformer, and that quality is more important to the game than any similarities is has to Isaac. It's also made with love, even if it's a bit rough around the edges. I highly recommend this game for anyone who likes challenging platformers and bullet hell games."
,Recommended,418150,28930520,Posted: 1 January,all,Tim,Isaak written on Java
,Recommended,418150,25734206,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Blue Ϟ Lightning,Okay when I first saw this little gem I watched the trailer video thing and the movement looked kinda weird and floaty but then a sale happend and I went ahead and got this game...THIS IS ACTUALLY REALLY FUN and the controls are really tight.I would defenitly pick it up if you like rogulikes.
76561198078573009,Recommended,418150,25824296,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,HYPNOTICA420X,this game is amazing!! its a 2d side scrolling version of binding of isaac with better weapons. i never felt cheated by cheap kills like binding of isaac does.this game is fun and challenging. its worth the $5 price point.
76561198001195134,Recommended,418150,25814634,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,[Fun Haver] Pax Romana,"This game is similar to The Binding of Isaac thematically and mechanically. If you name a feature in Isaac and ask if it's in Emma, the answer is probably yes. The main difference mechanically is that it's an occasionally tense bullet hell platformer; the main difference thematically is that there's no poop. Hopefully neither of those are dealbreakers for you, because everything that makes Isaac addictive--easily digested room-to-room pacing, unlockable characters and boss encounters, tons of stackable items--this game does just as well. Between the two, I think Emma is a little more twitchy and challenging; in Isaac you're sometimes able to become a godlike being of destruction that clears boss fights instantly, and so far, at least, Emma is a little less forgiving. If you put any significant amount of time into Isaac or Spelunky you'll be happy. I got it while it was on sale but the non-sale price point is still a good deal."
,Recommended,418150,25738685,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Luna,This game is simply amazing!! I love the atmosphere and how hard yet amusing it is. Totally worth a try and I can't wait for the Halloween update <3
,Recommended,418150,26061338,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Doctor America,"I'm sure I have a few hundred casual hours left out of this game for the few bucks I payed for it, and while I'm not sure I've ever come close to beating it yet, I love it.  It's like a platformer version of Binding of Isaac, which is awesome and unique enough to stand up on it's own.  It's also a lot more challenging too.  Definitely worth it if you like roguelikes at all."
,Recommended,418150,26057260,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,pinkmellow,"First of all, yes, this game is a shameless rip off of Binding of Isaac, even down to things such as music style, boss names and shooting ""spit"" instead of tears. Does this mean it's a bad game? Not at all. If you enjoy BOI you will most likely enjoy this game as well. It has nice art style, smart enemy AI and interesting level design, not to mention plenty of items and secrets to explore. I happened to get it on sale for 2 dollars which was a fantastic price and a good deal. Would I have purchased it at its regular price? Most likely not, I would have just stuck with playing Binding of Isaac. However if you've 100 percented Isaac and are looking for very similar tribute game, this is a good choice, and is probably the best Isaac clone I have played so far. Obviously if you were not a fan of BOI, don't get this game.My main complaint about it is the controls. While you are allowed to change the key bindings, aiming and firing is strictly locked to the mouse, which makes playing this game difficult if I am not at home with a physical mouse I can attach to my laptop. If you don't have a physical mouse it makes the game basically unplayable. It would also be nice if it had xbox controller compatibility, however a simpler fix would just be to allow the firing and aiming to be relocated to the keyboard as it is in BOI, creating a smoother gaming experience.Final Conclusion? Tired of playing BOI or finished with it and want something similar and engaging? Get this gameOtherwise wait for it to go on sale again or skip it."
,Recommended,418150,25917338,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,xaelon,"Emma is an incredible game. The comparisons to Isaac, Rogue Legacy, and Spelunky are certainly warranted, but that's not necessarily a bad thing. As someone who has well over 500 hours in Isaac and a good amount of hours in Rogue Legacy, I can say with pretty heavy certainty that Emma does it's comparisons justice. It keeps it fresh with new items and large amount of achievements so everything is always a little bit different. Having your level of ""madness"" dictate the difficulty of the game is an interesting touch, and the ""Everything in Terrible""-esque (Isaac reference, yet again) change after beating False End for the first time is nice as well. After fourteen or so hours I have yet to be bored by the game, and every run is as different, exciting and challening as the last, if not moreso. I look forward to progressing even farther in the game as I traverse through dungeon after dungeon of both literal and figurative misery.TL;DR: This game is amazing, buy it if you like rogue-likes and platformers."
,Recommended,418150,25930863,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,hugojmaia,"This game plays similar to games like Raze and Fubar: 2d, one hand on wasd to move and another on the mouse to shoot and it manages to keep the same feel as binding of isaac, though it doesn't end up with your character looking widely different from what you started with.If you're rocking older graphics cards, avoid running the game in fullscreen, it'll crash like no tomorrow."
76561198093349754,Recommended,418150,20247770,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,boris,"I reccomend it 100%, without giving too much about it away; the gameplay is exciting and challenging, the art and music are fantastic, there's a wonderfully done eerie atmosphere, the controls are spot-on, and overall this is a really nice hidden gem on the Steam store. While its similarities to the Binding of Isaac are quite present you'll be having so much fun playing the game that you won't even notice."
76561198071421958,Recommended,418150,19991160,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,eternal jape,"In retrospect the developers are very nice and the game is nice...I really can't recommend it, it's not very good in my own opinion recollecting the amount of time I've spent with this game.Sure, there's a lot of content, the setting is dark -- and the bosses and concepts are amazing...But the game itself just feels like an actual ""Issac Clone""I'm still gonna give it a thumbs up because the game's setting is very atmospheric and it def is replayable... maybe I should give it another shot soon."
76561198094261730,Recommended,418150,35275021,Posted: 28 September,all,TheColouredOne,"This game is simply awesome!It pains me that some random guy babbled lies about ""broken/unintuitive/delayed controls"", just play this game and you will see that none of this trash is true: for Heaven's sake it's WASD+SBar+Mouse (it could not be more simple, really) and there are no delays.I will write this one clearly: it is INSPIRED to TBoI the same way Salt and Sanctuary is inspired to Dark Souls, so please do not diminish the game calling it a copy of TBoI (another game that I love by the way, thanks to Jecht96). There are a lot of brilliant and original ideas that made me like this game even more than TBoI, like secret stages, a lot of details and fluff, and obviously the plot itself.You think that I'm bs you? Just buy it on sale, no bankruptcy for a couple of bucks!"
