user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198002023625,Recommended,418240,28369068,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,michael,I am 68 years old...and I love this game.  It is a real-time isometric strategy game that allows multiple ways to solve the puzzles to reach the end goal.  Been looking for a game like this for a long time.The graphics are superb.  An elegantly designed environment.  A joy to just wander around in and explore.I hope they add modules to keep this genre going.
,Recommended,418240,28235147,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,changarid,"Before you bomb the forums with your complaints about the base price at launch please read this.It's not just the game you are paying for. You are paying for a time machine that will take you to an era of game development in which the released games were bug-free at launch, in which there were free demos to try out and in which tactical real time strategy was a popular genre.The pricing scheme was also different back then. Nowadays you figure out what the market is ready to pay either through pre-order or crowd funding. Then you make the game with the funds you received and release it once the money are spent. The result is a game in which the devs made cuts and compromises on some crucial aspects of the game such as graphics and artwork (just decrease the texture resolution and call it retro), level design (use algorithms to automatically generate level and call it procedural), or game play design (just make it overall hard and call it rogue or just don't introduce any game play and call it sandbox), proper testing (release it with bugs and expect the mods to fix these, call it AAA) or without sufficient content (make and release the content once the sales from the launched product hit in, call it DLC).Mimimi, the developer of Shadow Tactics did something different. They developed and released a finished product. They then calculated their development costs, made their sales projections and based on these they calculated the price of single copy of the game, such that the projected sales cover their costs and perhaps create some profit. If the base launch price is too high for you, wait for a sale or wait a couple of months until the price drops. In the meantime you can play the demo or (re)play its genre ancestors Commandos or Desperados. If you like the genre, consider buying this game at the full price - make it a success and show all game devs that we want more of these ""time machines""."
76561198018068929,Recommended,418240,31614661,Posted: 7 May,all,muf,"Boss: Do you remember the old game in ww2 with small group of soldiers the tactical one?Worker: commandos?Boss: yes, I want to make something like it but betterWorker: how?Boss: ninjas, everything is better with ninjasWorker: okBoss: and samuraiWorker: oh yeah, anything else?Boss: and explosionsWorker: sure thingBoss: and rotating 3d camera that looks like 2dWorker: ok?Boss: and put there at least one concubineWorker: you mean geisha?Boss: yes and some teen like ninja girlWorker: boss, do you think this is a good idea?Boss: and an old asian one legged pirate sniperWorker: boss?Boss: last thing, it has to have atleast 85 on metacritics and deadline is Xmass 2016Worker:..."
,Recommended,418240,28274323,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,☸ Shōgun ☸,"This is the game I never knew I needed to play.It brings back memories of playing the old Commando games.The game is basically an isometric stealth game set in Edo-period Japan so most of the enemies you face will have guns. The first mission alone took me 1-2 hours to complete (that was from restarting it 5 times) so you'll probably get your money's worth once you finish the game.Definitely a great game and I hope to see many more 'Shadow Tactics' games whether they be Japan or a different era. I'd love to see a Medieval England one.The soundtrack is really nice comprising of traditional Japanese instruments.The voice acting is pretty good (at least the Japanese one). That's right, there's both English and Japanese voices to choose from. I have chosen Japanese voices due to authenticity.The story of the game is mainly fictional. There's a few fictional outfits on certain NPC's for example. Guns tend to fire faster than they actually could. There's also no mention of the Tokugawa shogunate despite it being Edo themed. The story is purely made up, but that doesn't mean it's bad.Overall, it's a great game. A nice little gem among all these early access games, anime visual novels and poorly made games.The price is debatable in honesty, but I'm finding it worth what I paid so far.P.S - Forgive me for any spelling errors."
76561197970909955,Recommended,418240,28307737,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Wehomir,"Too good to be true in 2016:- game is thrilling fun for many hours- beautiful look- nice English or Japanese voice-acting- all texts are translated in many different languages- superb soundtrack- still works on small PCs, Macs and Linux-Systems without bugs- offers you a demo where you can play 1.5 hours for free- costs only under 40€ (a no-brainer or me after playing the demo on my Mac and PC)Well, my late highlight in 2016 !Good job, Mimimi and Daedalic!"
76561197985107754,Recommended,418240,28224846,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Holtzmann,"This is my first review ever, and I am a member of Steam from 2006. This game is absolutely amazing! The only reason why I am writing this because the developers are not that well known (guess they will be after this game), but anyway deserve all the money they can get in order to support their further developments. Really brings back memories from Commandos and Desperados."
76561198067201284,Recommended,418240,28224338,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,nozmia,An excellent game and I love the gameplay. This game is based on a game called Desperados. The game is also a very much like the Commandos series and also a game called Robin Hood. I have been waiting for a game like this for a long time. Plays beautifully. Excellent art style with crisp visuals. If you like tactical stealth games this game is an absolute must.
,Recommended,418240,28229537,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Carnival.Corpse,"Glorious resurrection of the long lost genre. Shadow Tactics Blades of the Shogun is everything a Commandos or Desperados fan could have asked for. It successfully captures the essence which made those games great & drastically improves it in every way. The world is vividly colorful, the animation is gorgeous to look at, the music & the voice over specially the Japanese one is really captivating & immersive which goes with the edo settings perfectly.Gameplay wise it tests your patience a lot. Every level requires you to be really observant of the enemy's behavior as the A.I is smart & merciless. Coming up with genius of a plan to deal with a situation but ultimately seeing it unfolding as an utter failure when you execute the plan is one of the most agonizing moments in the game. It  happens, it will happen quite regularly but as soon as your carefully constructed plan meets the shiny colored perfection, that agony will turn into irresistible pleasure.Also, the five playable characters, each of them with their own distinctive skillset are full of joys to play with. Their expressive banter during a mission makes u feel like they are alive rather than being just mundane.In the end, people may regard Shadow Tactics as the spiritual successor of Commandos/Desperados but as a game it stands on its own with its unique charm. Its interestingly intriguing levels & the charming persona of the protagonists is  certainly a proof of that.Also the game is finely polished. Runs butterly smooth on highest settings possible on my 2.5 years old rig! :)"
,Recommended,418240,29291257,Posted: 15 January,all,utopianu,DLC pleaseSequel pleaseTrilogy pleaseShadow Tactics: Edo pleaseShadow Tactics: Last Emperor pleaseShadow Tactics: Tang Dynasty pelaseShadow Tactics: Stalingrad pleaseShadow Tactics: Pirates pleaseShadow Tactics: whatever you can think of pleaseAbsolutely love love love this game!!! Please keep it going Mimimi!!!!
,Recommended,418240,28590040,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,IroynArrow,"tl;dr: GOTY 2016I saw the screenshots, thought it looked like Commando's, so I downloaded the demo. An hour later I bought the game.The game is a tactical stealth game set in Japan. You control 2 to 5 character and your missions consists of assissinating characters, stealing documents, listentening in on conversations to get info, freeing yourself from prison, etc.The 5 characters each have their own personality and their own abilities. There is a ninja who has a shuriken so he can kill enemies from a distance and who can throw a rock to distract enemies. A samurai who can kill groups of enemies and is the only person who can kill other samurais in 1 on 1 combat. He is the strongest and can pick up 2 dead or unconcious enemies at once. A thief who can lure enemies with her whistle and then kill them using a trap. She is the weakest and can slowly drag enemies. A spy who can disguise herself, talk to enemies to distract them and who has a powder that reduces enemy field of view for a few seconds. And last there is a sniper, who has a pet which can distract enemies. You will need all of their abilities to beat the levels. Cool feature is that you can cue up 1 ability of each character and then execute them all at the same time. E.g. Talk to a group of enemies with your spy, while 2 other characters sneak up from behind. Cue up attacks with all 3 characters. Press enter and watch how your 3 characters kill the 3 enemies at the same time. The abilities are limited. For example you only get 1 shuriken. You have to pick up your shuriken after you kill an enemy. Your sniper only receives a few bullets. He will have to pick up bullets from containers. However, these are limited too. So you cannot just kill everyone with your sniper.Enemies have view cones. These consists of 2 parts. A bright green, where the enemy will always spot you, and a dark green, where the enemy will only spot you if you are standing. Your characters can crouch and then crawl through these areas without being seen.There are several enemy types. A simple guard who is easily lured from his location. A strawhat (guy with gun) who will not leave his post. Samurais, who cannot be killed 1v1, except by your samurai. A few levels in the game your characters receive guns, which temporarely cripple samurais, so your other characters can kill them too. Watch out though, they can still see you. So either run around their view cones, or use 2 characters; 1 to shoot, the other 2 kill. And there are civilians, who will run to enemies if they spot you. Some enemies will talk to other enemies while they are doing their rounds. Kill one of them and the other will wonder what's taking him so long to come back and will come looking for the other.The level design is excellent and it feels like a real puzzle trying to figure out who you can kill without being spotted. Do I wait for guard to leave, or distract them, or do I go looking for a guard who is out of everyones field of view? There are bushes you can hide in. Bushes and obstacles reduce enemy field of view and some block enemy view completely. There is even a 3rd dimension. Your characters can climb onto buildings (some only using ladders and some can also use vines). Once on top of buildings your characters are usually out of view if they remain croushed. The most fun is that you can attack enemies from above. Then there are snow levels. The snow temporarely reveal your tracks. Enemies will spot these and follow them. Some levels are set during the night. Enemies see a lot less in the night due to the darkness, except around light sources. Some levels have water. Walking through water makes a sound and enemies can hear that. Your characters can interact with certain parts of the levels. E.g. cranes with boxes. Click on the crane and the box will fall, or plants in pots which can fall from balconies, etc.The levels have replayability, because you can use different tactics to beat them. After you have beaten a level you can receive badges, which add to the challange. For example some badges can only be gained if you do not use a certain character, or if you do not kill anyone, etc.The graphics are pretty good. Just look at the screenshots. Music is excellent. Story is a bit cliche.This is my personal GOTY of 2016. I really enjoyed playing it. Cannot wait for the next game."
,Recommended,418240,32386313,Posted: 13 June,all,indecendence,"Personal Rating: 8 of 10An excellent semi-hardcore real-time stealth tactical game. The game offers 5 different characters with distinguished abilities, skills and behaviour stratigically placed onto the map each level meaning you cannot choose who or how many to bring into each level. There are no leveling system, upgrades system or items to equipt. Each character and their skills are introduced pretty soon.There are not many levels in the game and in my opinion it was just right. Each level is pre-generated meaning enemy locations and behaviour are fixed. If all these seem like a generic game so far, why the good rating?First of all, since the game was set in Japan and it offers Japanese Language, naturally I choose that to feel more immersive and the voice acting is on point. It really feels like those of anime. Then the story; quite typical or predictable perhaps but be prepared to take your feelings on a roller coaster ride for the plot. This is because each character is so well designed that you can really feel attached to them. Speaking of immersive, the art style and design are just perfect to bring out the era and conditions of the game settings. The scores are well composed blend into the game perfectly too.In addition to what is mentioned above, the game also does not offer much logic and surely you will notice when playing such as, bodies clipping through when stacked together or a small barrel can fit basically unlimited bodies. This has everything to do with the game design actually. The game focuses heavily on the stealth action part. Planning, exploring your options, taking opportunities, quick reaction, keen observation, making use of what is available and thinking outside the box are essential in this game and I literally mean all of those. You can feel the developers actually tested and played the game probably over and over again themselves to improve it to such extent with all the minor but great features.To name a few, you can pan the camera but at times you really need to be quick and so there is a toggle to allow you to highlight overlay interactable places. You can also place a pointer at any location and check for enemy vision on the specific point. Of course you can also select to view the enemy vision. There is also a simple mechanic for you to plan multiple actions for multiple characters and execute them with a push of a button.Map designs, apart from being beautiful, are done so you can have multiple options or ways to tackle complete your goal. There are props or even event that you can create that could be a game changer. You just really need to use your imagination and do some trail and error. No big deal because the game also offers quick save and load at anytime.Each mission allow plenty of time to think and play without punishing you. There are no rush mission (unless you want to take on the challenges) so you can have fun instead of pressure. Each mission has badges or challenges to complete. These are optional ofcourse but tackling them sometimes gives you more insight of what the game has to offer and the achievements well shows even more bizzare or imaginative methods to play.Enemy A.I. are well crafted. They behave quite consistent and as predicted each time you replay so it really saves you the frustration of random events. The few enemy types are really something when they work together and can provide quite a challenge.Overall, this is a pure stealth tactical that has simple yet refined mechanics and each of these mechanics and features complements each other perfectly like puzzle pieces."
,Recommended,418240,28320069,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Dantés,"An Excellent Re-Imagining of CommandosThere is a free demo to the first (2/13) levels available on Steam. Play that. Your progress carries over if you buy the full game. It's risk free!A 2016 re-imagining of the 1998 classicCommandos: Behind Enemy Lines.That may have its roots as far back as 1987 with Microprose'sAirborne Ranger.If you're familiar with neither, thinkSyndicateor for the younger gamer,Satellite Reign, but with more stealth action, katana and shuriken, rather than guns and lasers, or cyberpunks.Shadow Tactics is a stealth-oriented real-time tactics game, set in feudal Japan.The game is a retro top down-isometric. The sales experience is retro too. Preview at your lesiure, and for an unlimited time period beyond 2 hours, with a playable demo. No excess hype or early access nonsense where you pay to QA. None of thatrelease first and patch laterapproach. It works out of the box on day one. How things should be.General presentation is lovely. A non-linear approach to completing each level, simple and intuitive UI optmised for K&B, stylised art and five engaging characters you can care about with unique and complementary abilities. All fully voiced in Japanese with English subs. Short cut scenes between levels fill out the back story.It won't take long to complete. 20 hours to 40 hours maybe? But that's fine. Each mission has a unique and different tactical and visual feel; assuming the stealth genre always brings elements oftake out the enemy one by one without getting seento complete each objective. A limited number of levels keeps it all fresh.Replay the levels with a different approach to pick up achievements, e.g. no kills, and you'll double the playtime. As of 6th Dec 2016, it's ""overwhlemingly positive."" That says it all."
,Recommended,418240,28293488,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,shodinson,1. They put a Demo ... how many games have Demos now ??2. Great gameplay .... Great soundtracks.3. Totally enjoyable
,Recommended,418240,28340242,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,tomsolo,"Game of the Year 2016.No EA bonuses - checkNo Preorder thingy - checkNo DLCs - checkLinux, Mac support - checkDay 1 bugfree release - checkDRM free version - checkGreat reborne of the Commandos like games. Yeah, it's hardcore, but intelligent.I love characters, the renewed game mechanics with japanese taste, musics, dubs, graphics, levels, badges, well... I love everything. 10/10Congratz Mimimi, great job!"
76561198059861937,Recommended,418240,31821408,Posted: 18 May,all,Mirus,"It is difficult to believe that it'd take more than a decade for someone to tap into the sure-to-succeed genre of tactical RTS, in the style of Commandos. But nevertheless ST:BotS gives that experience with every possible bonus on top.The game looks pretty gorgeous overall. The details, the terrain and the implementation of architecture is a smooth blend. What's more is that, under different circumstances, the game adds new behaviours. Snowy settings add the footsteps to consider (as enemies detect and follow them), while night-time missions change the entire high-viz / low-viz line of sight.General premise is pretty simple. There is a decent (but not mind-blowing) storyline, unfolding each character and teaches the basic abilities and tactics. The gameplay is not noticeably different than Commandos or Desparados, but it's somehow simpler. Each character has five abilities, first three of which are specific to each, while the fourth and fifth are common items like pistols and first aid kits.Characters vary in their styles and this plays a huge role in the gameplay overall, due to the challenge system implemented in the game. There are certain ways and means you can complete the game and doing things the hard way are rewarded (not using an tactic easily to pull off, or not using a character at all, or simply finishing the level in 10-15 minutes, et cetera). Furthermore, since none of these challenges are visible in your first playthrough, it automatically gives a motive for a replay.The game consists of five characters: Hayato, a ninja with shuriken-tossing and distraction; Mugen, a samurai with the only viable 1v1 killing abilities; Yuki, an orphan girl with traps and lures; Aiko, another ninja but with disguises and blinding to boot; and Takuma, an elderly mechanic with a sniper rifle and a pet for distraction. There is an underlying narrative to bind them into the game and their voice acting is actually quite decent.As I mentioned, mechanics are pretty familiar but there're a few decent ""quality of life"" improvements. For instance, the game totes about three slots for quicksaves, which is a lifesaver for compulsive savers who accidentally overwrite previous games. The game also notifies you about saving your game with a green timer bar at the top that turns first yellow and then red to remind you. Lastly, the gameplay features a ""Shadow Mode"" - this enables you pre-designate any given action to a character and bind it a key. You can trigger each of them separately or let them loose simultaneously. This allows for precision interceptions at crucial timings or even outright clearing of zones by gunning down entire 3-5 strong patrols.The length of the game is quite adequate. More than dozen missions, with each taking about 2-3 hours (if you're particularly meticulous), not to mention the replaying for challenge objectives, it easily covers a couple of weeks. It's slightly high priced, but if offers a lot in return.My only disappointment is that the story was a bit lackluster - especially after figuring out the plot at less than halfway through the game, it was not a plot-twisting thrill-ride *but* everything else about Shadow Tactics truly carries the game off to a clean 9/10."
,Recommended,418240,28711706,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,s'krrra!,"First of all, the developers released a very large demo for you yo download and try. I can confirm that the demo level is indicative of the overall quality and complexity of the game. So please try it!This game is FUN! It's just likeCommandosin the old days, except everything is very nicely put together - there are no glitches and no ""pixel hunting"", meaning you can focus entirely on strategy rather than wrestling with controls or the game engine. Even ""casual"" strategy players will enjoy this title, as the difficulty isn't daunting, yet there is still plenty of challenge to be had, even for seasoned veterans of the genre.GRAPHICS. No clutter, just intricately detailed (and pretty) textures and models. What I really appreciate is the sheer amount of artwork made for this game. Everything looks great - from the main menu to the finest character animations and cut scenes. As rich as the environments are, nothing is confusing or over-the-top.INTERFACE. Goes hand-in-hand with graphics. Highlights make it very clear what you can do, scripted events and dialogues guide you through the massive levels, tips and tutorials are always just a click away. Vision cones are very similar to other games of the genre, but there are some clever improvements here. The initial loading time for a level is a bit long, but once you see how intricate each level is and how fast the quicksave and quickload times are, you will understand. :)SOUND. You can seamlessly switch between Japanese and English voice over and they're both done very tastefully. The sounds and noises are varied enough as not to get annoying. I love the way your characters talk to each other, or murmur their own monologues under their breath.GAMEPLAY. This is the real question. And I must say,Shadow Tacticsdid a great job. There are no overwhelming levels or strange difficulty fluctuations; game is moderately challenging throughout. Each level feels like a real, several-hours-long mission and I've enjoyed them all - various combinations of characters and environments always make you try new strategies. There is no obvious ""cheese"" strategy to beat all the levels (like shooting behind a corner inCommandosand killing everyone that comes with your infinite-ammo-pistol) and you will genuinely have to think to beat most levels.REPLAY? For me, definitely. Hidden achievements (revealed at the end of each level) are a good incentive to repeat levels and they often highlight a path you hadn't previously thought of. Not to mention the huge variability that comes from each character's skills.If you like games like this, if you're a fan of the genre or anything stealth-like, or if you just wanna support great developers who weren't afraid to release a massive gameplay demo for free in 2016, you should probably buy this."
76561198006584991,Recommended,418240,28394601,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Pippin123,"You didn't pay attention and your ninja was spotted by the two guards standing at the top of the stairs.Your ninja got badly hurt, and now the camp is on full alert.QUICKLOADThese two are disciplined and won't fall for your usual tricks.This time, you move silently  your ninja to a nearby bush: from there you could kill one with a shuriken, but the other would sound the alarm before you could reach him.You ponder using the sniper to do a coordinated take down, but this is your last bullet, and there's probably a more important target further on...Brute force it is then...You position your samurai at the bottom of the stairs, at ten steps from the targets.The ninja throws a rock behind the guards.They turn towards the sound.The samurai start to sprint up the stairs.He's rushing towards them, only 4 more steps...The guards start turning back3 more steps...One catches a glimpse of the threat, time slows down.2 more steps ...They raise their guns1 more step ...One start to scream a warningContact.The samurai jumps between them, slicing them both. They crumble to the floor in a geyser of blood.No one heard them.The stairs are clear, the team can proceed.QUICKSAVEBuy this game. :)"
,Recommended,418240,33693623,Posted: 21 July,all,PaperzMask,"All I can say is""WHAT A GAME !!""took me back to good old Commandos, Desperados days....Incredibly well crafted game which combines excellent visuals & satisfying gameplay.Highly recommended if u like RTT games.One clap for the devs, thanks for making such an wonderful game & bringing back good old times with new gen wrap up."
,Recommended,418240,32680893,Posted: 23 June,all,🅶🅴🆁🅾🅵🅵🅴🅽,If you miss games like Commandos and Desperados - this game is perfect for you.
76561198273496495,Recommended,418240,30778109,Posted: 27 March,all,TowerDefender,"Great game.Prior to buying this game on a whim, I was mostly a console gamer.  I hated the keyboard and mouse.After playing this game, I now love the keyboard as a gaming device and haven't been back to my console since. I went on a Steam buying-binge and now consider myself a PC gamer.This game is amazing for so many reasons: the AI is solid and the resulting challenges are emergent in ways that most stealth games can never hope to be; the characters are extremely interesting and each one presents different tactical options that change the way the game is played; the controls are very responsive and the gameplay allows for small movements with an abundance of time for considering your next move.  For an old strategy gamer (and board gamer) like me, that's exactly what I want.Graphics are beautiful and the sound is solid.  Replayability is also very good considering the fact that the boards are giant sandbox-puzzles that change when you get caught by guards.This game needs more visibility.  It's awesome. Highly recommended."
76561198007884644,Recommended,418240,28245368,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Ferdy,"Great game, amazing level design, but make no mistake about what you're getting. This is pretty much a puzzle game. If you like looking at complex, interconnected systems and figuring out how to systematically dismantle them, then this game will be right up your alley."
,Recommended,418240,32796744,Posted: 25 June,all,2ach,"Freaking amazing, this game reminds me of the good old days when I spent the whole afternoon playing Commandos as a kid. It is an up-to-date and better version of commandos with the backgournd of Bakufu.Pros:-Brings back the genre that seems dead for too long-Great gameplay and level design and AI-Has high replay value because of varied ways to achieve goals and some intresting achievements-Good control schemes for both controller and mouse-and-keyboard (I prefer controller in this case, actually)-Memorable characters with decent English dub (The Japanese dub may be even better, I haven't tried it yet)-The game is so well execuated in so many ways -e.g. it even reminds you of saving by displaying the duration after your last savingCons:-Cant think of any, maybe long loading time? Okay, Im just nitpickingIf youve ever enjoyed Commandos in your life, just buy this game."
,Recommended,418240,33569343,Posted: 15 July,all,Criwall,"This is pretty much Commandos but in a more interesting setting, better story and characters. You form a small squad of specialists working for the Shogun to restore peace in the region. The characters are somewhat stereotypical, but in this game it's mostly a strength since you pretty much know what a character can do just from the archetype. The Samuraij is the most powerfull warrior, the ninja is agile and good at silent takedowns, the geisha, can disguie herself to create distractions. It's pretty much the same skills you had in Commandos. If you played those games, you will have a much easier time, and you will probably need it. The game is hard if you don't know what you are doing and understand the mechanics of the game. Mostly because there is no way to pause the action and issue commands and then unpause like in many tactical RPGs. But it's never unfair. If you fail it's always your own fault, and there is always an alternate solution to a problem. If you constantly fail, try something new.The characters are balanced, an all have their uses. For example the ninja and the samuraij can carry bodies faster, but the thief and the geisha are less visible when they move them (and the old sharpshooter can't move bodies at all). All the skills are varied and all have their own uses and work slightly different. The ninja can make enemies look in a different direction by throwing rocks, the thief can lure them from their post or patroll route and so on and the samuraij have a bottle of sake that guards will go and pick up (because all the guards are apperently drunks that go pick up discarded bottles of booze) and the sharpshooter have a adorable pet tanuki that he can send out that distract guards. The game will be much easier when you know how different skills work, it's still not a easy game (and I can't for the life of me understand how you are suposed to do the speedruns on some of the levels) but you will be much less frustrated if you know how each character work.There are some minor issues, it's more things that could be improved for a sequal rather than actual problems.Sometimes the game doesn't really understand where you are trying to click, especially in regards to different heights on the map and since the camera also only rotates in 90 degrees intervalls, this makes it somewhat cumbersome sometimes to correctly move around. A free rotating camera would be very nice to have.The system where you can set up an action for each character and then simultaniously execute them, is great but rather limited. For example, have the rifleman shot a samuraij, and then have the ninja preform a backstab to finish him of while the geisha throws a blinding bomb on a guard so he cant' see whats happening is awesome when you manage to pull it off, but it would be great if you could key more actions together or set up waypoints to time it better.Finaly, a multiplayer function would be great but that would probably throw the difficulty balance off somewhat, since you could have one player controling each character, making coordinating actions much easier.A very stong recomendation. One of the best games from last year."
,Recommended,418240,28234531,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Preman Kampung,"-Commandos series spiritual succesor-Nice art direction-Great Japanesse VO-Intuitive control-Playable in 21:9 monitor-Great character-Many ways to play the level-You can grab the screen to pan-3 quicksave slot-I just love it, can't wait to play moreTLDR: G.O.T.D.**see comment"
,Recommended,418240,28264903,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,jamesupton,"It's rare that I write reviews, but this game deserved one.If you ever loved the original ""Commandos"" series of games, you'll love this as much as I do.If you want a shogun/3rd person Hitman style game, you'll love this.It's well worth every penny, and I sincerely hope they add more levels and DLC. I'd pay without thinking about it.I'd give this a full Spinal Tap 11/10."
76561197970467447,Recommended,418240,28920273,Posted: 1 January,all,Neurotic,"This game was so endearing it got me to write my first ever review.1) download the demo2) go: ""oh, this has surprising strategic depth""3) buy the game4) go: ""wow, the demo was just scratching the surface of it, this is good""5) finish the game6) go: ""I already want a sequel""No bugs, charming characters (put language in Japanese with English subtitles for a more authentic experience), multiple solutions / strategies for solving a level, achievements give real replay value as it encourages you to experiment with different approaches."
76561198167681871,Recommended,418240,28273760,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,AsgardianWarrior,"There's a lot to say about this game, it showed up out of nowhere, I played the demo and was extremely impressed and immediately sold. It's unlike anything I've ever personally played, This is probably the only review on the whole page from someone who never played Commandos or Desperados, though I'll probably try them after playing this.Pros:Gorgeous graphics and art design. Every level looks beautiful, the animations are great, Being an isometric game, it looks amazing while not being very taxing at all and runs flawlessly.Everything with regards to sound is great. Weapon sounds are awesome, the music is great and fits the atmosphere of the game, and the Japanese voice acting is phenomenal. Can't speak for the English VA.Gameplay is interesting and fun, and there's tons of depth. Levels are designed in a very open ended manner, with many different approaches available depending on your playstyle, as well as 9 optional challenges for each mission.Story is really cool, and the characters are great, both in gameplay and in the story. They have tons of personality, and each one has their own unique abilities and are useful in different ways.A lot of replayability, with 9 challenges per mission, which are impossible to get in a single playthrough, and multiple paths through levels.Cons:I'd have liked to see a few more abilities in the game to add some variety, as each character essentially has an attack, some form of distraction, and some sort of indirect attack method or AOE attack. I'd have liked to see the more mobile characters possibly have some sort of escape ability, like a smoke bomb or something of that nature, or more varied non-lethal options.The games Shadow Mode mechanic could use a way to set a timed stagger to when characters perform their actions, it would make it smoother and more flexible.Neutral:The game is hard. Normal difficulty is a serious challenge, and you'll likely quick save and reload many, many times on a first playthrough. I'm sort of slow and bad, so you may have a bit of an easier time, or a harder one.The optional challenges are even harder, often to the point of being video game masochist only territory. I personally love that they are willing to throw out that extra challenge for people, but if you're a completionist, prepare to pull your hair out on some of these.Despite being a reasonably long, sort of party based game, there are no RPG mechanics or character skill progression elements to speak of. You do get new characters over the first few missions, and get a new item as well, but that's it, there's no real upgrades or progression beyond that. Some people look for that in any game they play, and it wouldn't necessarily be unsuitable here, each level is designed with a particular set of abilities in mind, and as you progress through the game you learn new applications of each characters abilities and ways they can work together. This is going to largely be down to preference.I'm only a little over halfway through the game, but am predicting I'll finish in between 25 and 30 hours of play time, though that's likely slower than average. I definitely feel that it's been worth the price of admission and is looking to be one of my favorite games in a long time. I'll likely update this if my thoughts are different when I complete the game, but as of now I'd definitely recommend this one. It's a lot of content for the price, and a lot of replayability, especially if you want to try for all the challenges. If you're unsure, try the demo. It's free and contains the entire first level as well as a ten minute preview of the second, and your save carries over, so you don't have to replay it. Definitely give it a shot."
76561197979814564,Recommended,418240,31854262,Posted: 19 May,all,Dr.Acula,"Wow, commandos reborn... i thought i would never see the day."
,Recommended,418240,32898571,Posted: 27 June,all,UH.kbd,"Shadow Tactics: Blades of the Shogun is a stealth game in the purest sense. There is no flashy sword attacks, no super-move to instantly wipe out enemies with. Moving, planning, and initiating with care is the name of the game.And ST: BOS delivers this in spades. All the maps were very well thought-out and constructed, with enemy placements, the environment and every character's skillsets in mind. What may seem like an impassable area can easily be solved with enough thought and careful planning/execution.TLDR version of pros and cons:Pros-Excellent, excellent stealth gameplay-Each character has their own uses, and no one is truly better than all others-Well-crafted maps, enemy behaviour. never truly unfair-Many ways to complete a map; choose your own methods-Limited maps and yet all have their own unique modifiiers (night, day, rain etc)-Good enough story to make it all work-You can use a tanuki as baitCons-Quite the hard game. If you're looking for fast-paced action, this is not it.-Requires some hard thinking at times.-Some objects and walls overlap with each other, making for sometimes unintended orders to be carried out-Maps take some time to load up-You can't use the tanuki as a weaponIf you are on the fence on buying this, I suggest trying out the demo to further aid in your decision-making: you may end up enjoying it far more than you thought you would.....like the reviewer."
,Recommended,418240,28230962,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Kai,"Shadow Tactics: Blades of the Shogunis extremely well designed. The levels are amazing, the art direction is spot on, the difficulty is just right. A brilliant tactical game. But maybe most of all, the characters and the story are fantastic. A great setting, amazing direction and execution.Mimimi Productionsare clearly talented and passionate. I would hope for more of Shadow Tactics, and will come back for more.Oh, andthank youfor giving us the japanese audio with english subtitles. If I knew nothing else of this game, this alone would be enough."
,Recommended,418240,28248727,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,My PC is Dead,Oh my god this game is such a commando revive!!! Mimimi please take my money and make more games like this!!! More like this!!!
,Recommended,418240,28291911,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,sebas,"Remember Commandos or Desperados? Then you have to play this one, it is exquisite!"
,Recommended,418240,28765540,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Harlot,"Great game, and - maybe more importantly - a great revival of a genre I long thought dead.I didn't get to play a good stealth, tactical game like Commandos since... well... Commandos 3 :P. Took 13 years of waiting but it's finally here ^^.Just a few quick thoughts. The gameplay and replayability value are well worth the money. The campaign took me about 30 hours on first playthrough and I already know I'll be definitely returning to grab some of those challenging badges.The game's difficulty seems to be raising with each following level, and as you think you've figured it all out, it throws something at you that stops you in your tracks. For long enough to keep you invested, but not long enough to really frustrate you.It's a great evolution of old timey games of the type. There's plenty of neat UI improvements, color coding, save spam reminders etc.It's realtively bug free - I managed to run into one throughout the whole playthrough - and that's a real rarity nowadays.There's 5 characters, so slightly less than Commandos series, but they're very well fleshed out both in terms of gameplay, features and also to a certain degree - personality.Sure it's not the genre's Witcher 3 of storytelling, and you can see the plot ""twist"" coming from a mile away, but the story is still nice and the characters - as simple as they are - very likeable. Not only do the five assassins have their own characters but also relationships with one another which we see evolve nicely over the course of the game.Technically, the game is rather well optimized, the framerate is comfortable for the sort of gameplay we're dealing with here. There's an occasional stutter if you pan the camera too quickly.Visually it's stylized but very pleasant to look at. Aside from more vibrant colors than Commandos series, it also brings way more three dimensionality to the levels, which are designed superbly. Maybe the first one gives a bit of a linear impression but it also serves as a tutorial so that can be forgiven.Just a few things to mention aside from the gameplay itself. It released relatively bug free, well performing, with no ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t pre-order bonuses or day one DLC. If you want to support the devs, you can buy the soundtrack and an art book. In addition to that there's a demo that lets you play first two of a total of thirteen missions. And the progress carries over :). Consumer friendly approach is becoming more and more rare in the industry, and it should be pointed out.In essence, a very good game.♥♥♥♥♥♥ Maybe one of the best I've played this year :)Go. Buy. Play."
,Recommended,418240,28486154,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,kepasa_bongo,I cannot remember when was the last time I decided to get up an hour earlier just to play a game before work. That says something.
,Recommended,418240,28249190,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Dildozer,Commandos in Feudal Japan with even more freedom to solve levels and challenges. What is there more to say?And now go and kill those traitorous dogs!
76561198016397464,Recommended,418240,31865354,Posted: 20 May,all,BigShaman,"Shadow Tactics is awesome. I am not really good at strategy\puzzle games so I had some hard time completing this one. I was attracted by the medieval Japan setting which reminded me of Tenchu, and was really satisfied by the stealth mechanics and by the strategies you can come up with to even the odds against lots of enemy soldiers. The missions challenge you with different situations and stealth puzzles to solve and beware: stealth here is the only solution, there is no way to fight through enemies once you are spotted. It's a slow paced game where you have to think every move, so it's good to play it with a good coffee by your side. Of course you can save your progress whenever you want (there is even a save reminder which is great) and re-load to try every possible solution. I can't really find any cons, maybe the story is a bit weak as the characters. Anyway if you love strategy and old school stealth games in pure Commandos or Desperados style then you can't really miss this one! I am looking forward for a sequel!Peace!"
,Recommended,418240,28223216,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Trymops,"I already loved the demo, so this was an instant buy for me. Nostalgica at its best for every fan of Commandos. At first I wasn't sure if I like the setting though. But all doubts were blown away by the smooth gameplay and the art style totally fits the setting as it has the look of an old japanese painting! I will extend this review when I am longer into to game."
76561198018956702,Recommended,418240,34232930,Posted: 14 August,all,Miku,"I am at a lost for words by how well polished and magnificent this game is. A compelling story with a strong cast of characters. Beautiful visuals with amazing voice acting (Japanese). It also has a great soundtrack and top notch gameplay filled with quick pixel accurate movements and tactical commands. I cannot recommend this enough for anyone who is a true fan of the strategy genre. Even if you aren't into strategy, I still recommend you try this game. First game I ever felt motivated to getting 100% completion. Definitely one of, if not THE best game of all times for me."
76561197991254375,Recommended,418240,28267293,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Straddy,"This game is like a spiritual successor to the Commandos series. It takes the basic game mechanics from Commandos, adds improvements to them and comes up with a couple of new ideas. The story and characters are well written and will keep you interested through the entire game. The difficulty is also well balanced and never too easy or too hard to manage and just like in Commandos there are fixed objectives that you have to do in order to finish a level, however how you do them is up to you. Sneaking, non-lethal, speedrunning or killing is all possible. A few points that deserve a special mentioning (in a good way) for me are, that:- Enemies can track your footprints in snow-areas.- In night missions, enemies have a shorten field of view, however they will spot you if you are around well-lit areas like torches, etc.- All useable characters are unique and actually usefull.- The ""shadow-mode"" gives you a nice tool to control all characters at the same time, but you don't have to use it if you don't want to.Overall this game is really good and if you like sealth-games like Commandos you will love this one as well."
76561197989528524,Not Recommended,418240,31320585,Posted: 23 April,all,Dragon,"Blades of the Shogun has received a lot of critical acclaim; and by and large it deserves it.  However there are a pair of fundamental flaws that take a truly great game and turn it into a frustrating slog.The positive reviews have already focussed on what's good.  The graphics, the atmosphere, and the music are all very good.  The idea behind the gameplay is excellent and everything is well put together.I really wanted to like Blades of the Shogun. But eventually I found myself playing for completion rather than out of enjoyment.  Blades of the Shogun is a puzzle game marketted as a tactical stealth based game; which is not in and of itself a problem except in execution.A tactical game should allow preparation before missions; should allow inventory management; and should allow a choice of team.  A puzzle game gives a set - and limited - number of items and characters up front and asks that the missions be completed using them.  AND THIS IS STILL NOT THE PROBLEM, I enjoy the idea of working with a limited loadout to solve each stage.  I enjoy the planning and stealth aspect so, please, bear with me.  I'm working up to where Blades of the Shogun goes so horribly wrong.Blades *really* should have been a turned based game.  Or at least it should have allowed time to be paused whilst thinking.  It has one of the clumsiest, clunkiest interfaces I've played with.  Timing is incredibly important, as is being able to select a character and execute an involved command set.  What actually happens, when executing a plan, is that half way through the enemy that absolutely needed to die is slightly obscured by an invisible collision polygon for a wall two feet to the left. And Instead of throwing a shuriken the character will stop and blithely tell you he doesn't see a way to climb it.Not being able to precisely execute commands is a huge problem.  Shadow mode exists but can't be used for anything complex, it's just there to allow two or three kill commands to be simultaneously executed.  It can't be used to tell a character to, for example: go there, wait for another character, then have both kill an enemy and run into the shadows.  Shadow mode is tragically very limited.It is towards the later stages is that things get truly frustrating.  Huge maps with walls and cliffs everywhere cause the camera to bounce all over the place and make picking enemies or the ground even more difficult.  The camera can't be pointed straight down and must be twitched left and right to try and see.  Couple this with characters who get hooked on each other, rocks and sometimes the enemy and they're going to be dying a lot.The path finding is bizarre too.  The nice straight, quiet line from here to there can become an epic journey as a character decides they don't want to go where you want them to.  Group selecting characters is risky in anything but the simplest maneuvers.  As mentioned they hook on each other, spaz out, do twitchy circular dances and generally fail to do what they've been told if they are too close together.  Which they will be, if group selected, because they clip right into each other when they move to the same spot.So the player characters often die unintentionally.  A single dead character fails the mission.  And this brings me, finally, to the most fundamental flaw that Blades of the Shogun has.  Load times.  For a game where loading is ubiquitous there seems to have been little effort put into optimising it.  I have - quite literally - spent more of my play time watching the loading screen than actually playing the game.  And this is why I've given it a negative review.For a game in which even tiny failures means death, failures that are often game flaws rather than player mistakes, to not have instantaneous load times is a slap in the face.  Again it's the huge, intricate later stages that are the problem.  Trying and reloading repeatedly whilst re-executing the same convoluted plan just sucks the fun right out of everything.  It turns Blades of the Shogun into a boring slog of quick-loading.  Every time an enemy starts shouting for guards when they should have been dead.  Every time a character twitches into a view cone that they shouldn't have.  Every time someone dies unexpectedly the stage must be reloaded.  It's horrible and frustrating and it's the first time in years that I've actually hated a game.And it's unnecessary.Had the gameplay been pausable or turn based then twitching the camera to correctly select something would not have been a problem.  Had there been a better mechanism for setting up and executing plans then there would not have been a problem.  Even if neither of those could be implemented then quick loading and saving would have fixed the problem.  But none of that was done, and that leaves us with the game we have.In summary: Blades of the Shogun is a puzzle game rather than a tactical game.  It has a poorly implemented interface, hard to focus camera and repeated, pointless long load times.  (Also Yuki has killed almost as many people as Chairman Mao but still sobs and cries, through each assassination, that she must be brave and not stupid; her voice actor makes me want to claw my ears off.)If you're not looking to play through the whole game then buy Blades of the Shogun but realise that the late game is a frustrating let-down."
,Recommended,418240,34074440,Posted: 6 August,all,JapanGamer29,"The Japanese Edo period setting with ninjas and samurai is what first drew me to Shadow Tactics, and I've not been disappointed. The characters are wonderfully done and the story glues the missions together cohesively to give them real purpose.Controlling up to 5 characters, you need to plan how to fulfil certain objectives. You'll stealthily sneak from bush to bush, hop across rooftops and swim out of sight. You can distract enemies with stones, whistles, sake bottles, a cute tanuki raccoon, or even wear a disguise. When necessary you can take out enemies with blades, shurikens, guns and traps among others. The characters each have own tricks and know how to use them!I was a little concerned that the game might be too difficult for me, and it is indeed difficult. However, a single key press (F5) will quick-save your progress as often and whenever you like. Likewise,  F8 will quick-load you back to that save point. It's all so quick and seamless that dying becomes part and parcel of figuring out a successful strategy. Typically, you don't even wait to die, but just hit F8 as soon as an enemy spots you so you can try again.After 14 hours, I'm barely half-way through the missions so there's a good deal of content here. I noticed that I haven't even achieved a single bonus objective!That's good because it gives me reason to go back and replay each mission.Edit:Badges are disabled on Beginner mode :(If you like Japanese history and have the patience for stealth gameplay, then Shadow Tactics is a must-buy."
,Recommended,418240,30805530,Posted: 28 March,all,SBT,Imagine you're playing Metal Gear Solid but you control 5 different snakes and everyone is a NinjaThere you go.
76561198011402868,Recommended,418240,30022692,Posted: 18 February,all,HouseHarkonnen,"Had not heard of this game before launch, but now one of my favourite games of all time.Beautiful art.Emotive storytelling.Excellent level design and game balance, meaning it's fun to start with but has much more depth to sink your teeth into as you get better at the game.Congrats to the entire team for producing such a fine game and reinvigorating a fun genre."
76561198015526767,Recommended,418240,28236263,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,NIN2,Why this genre was almost discontinued by developers is beyond me. The absolute cult following of commandos 1 and 2 and the gaming community begging for a remake made this game a welcome addition to this almost dead genre. To the developers a high five for your time and effort in creating an excellent game. I hope you make a ton of money. To the rest of the developers out there please take note of what the gaming community wants!You do not have to wait for a sale to buy this! Revive the genre and support them. If you are unsure about the purchase play the demo. It is excellent as well! Game companies have almost stopped with the providing of demos because people would realize that they are buying crap. These guys believe in their product and delivers a stunning demo!  9/10 Well worth your time and money.
76561198025105178,Recommended,418240,30882843,Posted: 1 April,all,Alex,"This a pretty good games.For those who knows ""Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines"" (1998), that's exactly the same gameplay, except it is transposed to medieval japan.It's as good as commandos was.The game is difficult."
,Recommended,418240,31777443,Posted: 15 May,all,J-SP-R,"This is the perfect micro tactics game. If you liked those missions in Starcraft 2 where you controlled just a couple ""hero"" units the entire level, Shadow Tactics will make you a very very happy man."
76561198065621158,Recommended,418240,32124700,Posted: 2 June,all,Xiox,"I personally feel like this is the best stealth game ever created to date.+Challenging and forces you to think about every move.+Really nice graphics and design.+The levels are lively and well designed.+Different types of enemies/civilians.+5 different characters all with unique abilities.+Realistic use of stealth. (Footprints in snow, noisy while caring heavy things, stepping in water makes noise, hiding in shadows, long view distance of enemies, enemies notice changes in environment such as person they often talk to is suddenly missing or if torch went out.)+If detected, they will search  long and hard for you, as well as call in reinforcements to partol new areas every time you're spotted, giving being unstealthy a big punishment.+Hiding bodies, distracting people, lethal or non lethal takedowns, pickpocketting, disquises, ninjas, samurai, etc."
,Recommended,418240,28655851,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Tekhne,"One of the best games I have ever played, and I have quite the collection. This game really has it all if you enjoy stealth, tactics, and squad control. The game becomes progressively harder and it never feels like a cakewalk. The game will present many challenges that force you to sit and think about how you will approach the situation. This is one of the few games where I had to pause, take a break, and come back after a while to come up with new ideas to overcome what was in front of me.Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,418240,28271276,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Firvulag,"A very slick modern interpretation of the classic Commandos games.Looks great, plays great, runs great. Highly recommended."
76561197971017633,Recommended,418240,33418771,Posted: 9 July,all,BreadstickNinja,"This game is fantastic. I got obsessed with it for a few weeks and just played constantly. This is the kind of game where you wake up at 3 AM with an idea about how to get past a place you're stuck, and have to power up the PC in the middle of the night to see if it works.You control a team of several characters with different abilities. One can set traps and whistle to lure enemies into them. Another can disguise herself to move among enemies without raising the alarm. Another can throw a shuriken that can take enemies out from a distance. Different situations call for different characters, and they often have to work in combination to take out groups of enemies. Sometimes this requires queuing up different moves for several characters, which you can then execute all at once with the press of a button.If any of the enemies sees you coming, they'll scream for help and raise the alarm, and then you'll be quickly swarmed and overwhelmed. But enemies move in regular patterns, and sight cones make absolutely clear what they can see and when, so you can plan to avoid them. Cover--- some at half height which requires crouching behind--- is also clearly visible, so there's no guess work about where you can or can't hide. That means there's no frustration of trial and error wondering what gameplay elements do. All the pieces to the puzzle are right in front of you from the beginning. Carefully plan the routes that all of your characters will take, how they'll combine their abilities to overcome different enemy formations, and how they'll remain hidden, and you can get through the challenges succesfully.I wasn't expecting much from the story, so I was pleasantly surprised when it offered several exciting twists and turns, and more pathos for the characters than I'd expected. Even so, the gameplay here is the highlight. This is a masterfully polished title and some of the most fun I've had with a game in years, if not ever. I'd recommend it to anyone."
,Recommended,418240,28256763,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,[HotN]Weeping-pirate,"Great game, love the art.Runs smooth while loading times ( first time) can be quite long.While there are a few skills per character you play I don't feel like there is a need for more.Edit : By now ive finished the game, atleast my first playthrough. already completly hyped for hard mode!the level design is beatiful and you can see (and feel ingame) there has been spent quite some time on it, very well done!If your afraid of the possible low amount of hours you might spend on it , well I gues its based on person.. but there is quite some replayability. You got night,snow,normal maps combined with always having multiple ways to complete a mission. not one road that loads to victory.Challenges will need you atleast 3 playthroughs to complete. (complete stealth missions no kills , dont touch X , timed runs , dont use X char, etc.) which forces you to play different then you might be used to , fun!ow yah the story aint bad either,dont expect skyrim/the witcher etc. for its genre its well filled with lore.The steam page/videos give you not enough insight in my opinion, try the free demo!Don't pirate this , support the dev's they deserve it =)"
,Recommended,418240,29245855,Posted: 14 January,all,d3kr,Art Style: 10/10Music: 10/10Voice Acting (Japanese): 10/10Characters: 10/10Stealth Mechanics: 10/10Save Scumming is Encouraged: 10/10
76561198055149982,Recommended,418240,31972282,Posted: 26 May,all,ooooh,Resurrection of a genre.Commandos 2 with ninjas and up to date graphics and handling.Must have.
,Recommended,418240,28526399,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,100% Syura Juice,"Haven't loved a stealth game like this since my early childhood with Tenchu games. I also immediately bought the artbook and soundtrack DLCs so I could support these amazing developers for releasing such a well-polished and amazing game. With a lot of strategy-heavy gameplay, a stellar soundtrack, beautiful visuals, and with very distinct and likable characters, Shadow Tactics: Blades of the Shogun is well worth the money. Here's to hoping that the awesome developers over at Mimimi Productions create a sequel for this great title."
,Recommended,418240,28247515,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,DarkreSartre,"Fantastic game. Extremely well designed, looks great, runs great, sounds great, just a treat all around. Just enough story for fluff and never wastes your time. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,418240,34057130,Posted: 6 August,all,ResinLip,I dont usually enjoy singleplayer but this is fun and well made.Not purchasing this game will bring much dishonour to the shogun and your family.
,Recommended,418240,29625277,Posted: 1 February,all,africanspacejesus,"TL;DR: Just go buy this game. Its well worth it.I stumbled onto this game by chance while browsing through reddit and I can honestly say that it surprised me. This is one of the well polished games I have played. In todays age of buggy releases from big game companies and unfinished 'Early-Access' pile of craps, it really is surprising to see a fully developed and fully polished game just drop out of the sky without any warning. Mimimi Productions deserves all the praise they are getting for their phenomenal job.GameplayThis game fills the void left by real-time tactics games such as Commandos, and Desparados. I wonder why no one tried to do that before. I found this game to be easier than Commandos, but not too easy that you could play it having a cup of tea in your hand. It requires a certian level of thinking and planing to get through certain parts of the levels.Each character has different special abilities which can be useful to tackle a particular situation or a particular type of enemy. Besides, there is a mode called 'shadow mode' which lets you chain up commands to be executed by different charecters one after the other. This mechanic is really powerful and I found that certain levels require you to do this very carefully.The game goes really over-the-top about guick-saving your game that there is a dedicated counter which shows you how long it's been after your previous save! I found this helpful to keep the player reminded to save the game, but experienced players may find it a bit annoying. Hopefully, there is an option to disable this timer.The enemy AI is really good and they respond intelligently and logically to disturbances like sound that you are making or footprints left in the snow. There are different classes of enemies such as guards, Samurais, civilians etc. Certain enimies can only be killed by certain characters in a limited way. For example, one character that you get to play with - Mugan, who I assume is a samurai himself, can kill samurais in a one-on-one sword fight. This mechanism adds a bit of complexity to the already tough and complex task of dealing with enemies.The level design is excellent and each chapter takes place in different parts of Edo Period Japan. As I said before, completing certain levels or even certain parts of levels takes careful planning and use of different characters' abilities. Also, there are multiple ways of completing the objectives, which give you additional replayability.Graphics and soundShadow Tactics looks amazing. Each level is full of eye-candy whether it's snow or brightly colored tree leaves, the game is gorgeous. Even though the game looks isometric, its actually fully 3d and the player can rotate the camera to get views from other angles, which is something Commandos lacked.Character models are very well detailed and so is the game world. The game relly nails home the Japanese style - whether it's the architecture of building and temples, or the attire of samurais and civilians.Sound is another aspect which I loved. From the game intro to voice overs, the quality is top notch. You can set the in-game dialogues' language to either Japanese with English subtitles or vice- versa (I'd recommend the former for a more immersive experience).IssuesThe only issue with the game I have experienced is the unbeleivable load times. The loading screen says that it would take about a minute, but I found that loading a level for the first time would take about 2-3 minutes, which is f_king insane. I have read the response of the dev stating that this is an issue with the Unity engine, but regardless, I hope they release a patch soon to fix this. Having a not-crappy processor and an ssd can help though.In conclusion,this is an excellent game that rewards the fans of Commandos style real-time tactics games and  really worth the money in every way."
,Recommended,418240,31924487,Posted: 23 May,all,Rhapsody,"""Overwhelmingly Positive"" reception from over 2,000 user reviews speaks for itself. There are a myriad of methods to approach each mission and their separate objectives, and the game has various ""challenges"" for players who wish to accomplish those.To give you an idea of what's possible in the game: One of my fondest maneuvers was taking down two samurai watching over each other, who must be stunned before they can be killed. I used a character equipped with sneeze powder to reduce their field of vision to allow two other characters to get close for the kill, and the remaining two characters to stun the samurai just before attacking, one from long range (with his long, scoped gun) and other with close range wrist-mounted firearm. The above is possible through use of ""Shadow Mode"" which allows queueing actions and executing them simultaneously, a feature which the store page description lacks.It is also possible in the game to (and even essential depending on your approach): Hide enemy bodies in bushes or dumping them to water or down a cliff; Lure enemies through various methods such as tamed raccoon, bottle of sake, putting down lights during nighttime, leaving footprints or alerting civilians; Carry and drop or otherwise make use of environmental objectives to kill, startle or distract enemies; Manage mission-critical resources like ammunition and bombs; Experience the drama of an Edo-period samurai-class power struggle fully voice-acted in Japanese."
76561198185116051,Recommended,418240,28223250,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Downward Thrust,"Shadow Tactics: Blades Of The Shogun ReviewI purchased this game andwas notgiven a free copy of the game.  So expect an unbiased review as always.After playing multiple versions on a few different set-ups and accounts, I am on my second playthrough of the game and am excited for the future of Shadow Tactics.  Below is a video review of the game, or you can read a detailed written review below if that’s how you roll.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FpAnYfvvtV4Background and HistoryIn Shadow Tactics, the story begins as a new Shogun seizes power over Japan and enforces nationwide peace. He recruits five specialists with skills for assassination, sabotage and espionage. Thus, you are literally the blades of the shogun. The team must fight against the mysterious Kage-sama, who plans to overthrow the Shogun and their efforts to bring peace and neutrality to Japan.GameplayYou begin the game as Hayato, a hired shinobi - armed with the job of sneaking into a rebel base and opening the gates of the stronghold from within.  Unlike a lot of strategy and tactics games that require intense amounts of learning, the first level exists in unison with fantastic and concise tutorial elements.  Writings on the walls accompany brief text boxes that teach you everything you need to know, and blends it very well with the gameplay.Each level is a labyrinthian, full of carefully placed and interconnected enemy patrols, with criss-crossing lines-of-sight. Your job is to navigate these maps with between 1-5 characters, weaving in and out of combat, dispatching - or doing non-lethal take downs - on enemies to carve a path through each level.  It’s like disassembling a puzzle that is already built - you just break to break it down.Everything just feels so damn satisfying in this game.  The kill animations are satisfying and meaty, the abilities of your characters all feel unique and the Japanese atmosphere is intoxicating.  But the real winner with this game, is how the game gives you such breath to do as you wish, and rewards you for being creative.  There is no set path in Shadow Tactics.  And due to the nonlinear nature and the cutthroat difficulty of it all, achievement and mission success feel deep and rewarding.  Plowing through a 2 hour levelAnd that’s the single best praise I can give Shadow Tactics: they nailed the level design.  It’s the most important thing in this genre, alongside believable AI, and it all panned out very well.  I can’t think of a mission I didn’t enjoy out the bunch, nor one that made me scratch my head in confusion.  Multiple routes exist, and you’re given a lot of choice; yet the game always seems to remind you that you need to character swap frequently to be successful.But you’ll always need to be on guard, because death can come quickly.  You are given the ability to outsmart each encounter using the game's excellent stealth system.  A dual-colored cone of visibility can be tracked onto guards to help you navigate the maps.Graphics and SoundThe great thing about Shadow Tactics is the sense of blending with the sound design and the graphics and art style.  The game is a crisp and beautiful recreation of feudal Japan and the Shinobi Dynasty.  The whole game is also fully voice acted – and quite well I might add – in both English and Japanese.  Each character sounds authentic and made me a believer...although some of the cutscene dialogue as a bit on the generic side.  Overall, very strong.Cons and OpportunitiesAlthough not many, the game does have its miscomings. There’s not much you can do once you get yourself into a sticky situation outside of smashing the F8 key to reload your most recent save file.  Once spotted and in the danger red zone, your characters become incumbered and escape is can be too tricky. The aggro ranges for enemy groups are giant, so if you get detected by one enemy, chances are you’ll have a whole army running after your♥♥♥♥♥   Yes, the AI is very, very attentive.Lastly, animations when rounded stationery items like wagons, boxes and houses seem stiff and clunky, like your characters have sticks shoved up their asses.  But as a whole, the animations are stylish and well done.VerdictTitles like Deus Ex, Splinter Cell and Assassin's creed deliver a sense of stealth based gameplay in third person, and when you combine that with the isometric party based gameplay of a game like Tyranny, the result is Shadow Tactics: Blade of the Shogun.The game is just so much fun, and I give it the thumbs up.  You’ll find a lot to like here if you dig this genre."
,Recommended,418240,31923689,Posted: 23 May,all,Hertzila,An excellent Commandos-style tactical stealth game.
,Recommended,418240,28343132,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,rezzealaux,"This game is phenomenal. It's difficult to say when was the last time I played something of such quality. I'm not sure if I ever have.In one line:Shadow Tactics: Blades of the Shogunhas design.It's something that doesn't seem to exist in games anymore. Developers on one hand are selling RPGs saying ""play your way!"" and on the other hand are making automatically generated maps for ""infinite replayability!"". We might not know how correct those statements actually are, but we know how empty they feel. Skyrim's most popular playstyle is stealth archer because all things considered it's the simplest way to fight the game's mechanics by not even close, No Man's Sky supposedly has some absurd number of planets but anyone who's not kidding themselves knows the change from one planet to the next is both obvious and negligible. ""You can do anything you want"" is something only people who don't haven't paid any attention for the past ten years still believe.InShadow Tactics: Blades of the Shogun, you can't do whatever you want, and there isn't infinite replayability. But you can do quite a few exhilarating things, and for me it'll be the first time I am going to replay a game for achievements and ""better score"". If games were paintings, we've been sold a blank canvas and a few primary colors for so long we forgot what a piece of art really looked like. This game is a mural, and the 35$ I paid for it feels absolutely way too low for the greatness I've seen.Each character has specific abilities, each mission is playable only to certain characters. Each character has certain strengths and weaknesses, and Mimimi's amazing map design meets those strengths and weaknesses halfway to create an engaging experience that invites your mind to look into it further. If you want to not get sent back to your last save, you're going to have to, and you're going to have to do it constantly - there's only 4 types of enemies (counting civilians), but in all 40 hours of my first playthrough I only encountered one situation where I was like ""oh wait, I remember seeing this before"". That being said, I still had to say ""what was the solution again?"", and it still came after trying something else completely ludicrous because I was at my wit's end, before I forced myself to believe it was possible. ""Not getting hit"" is the baseline standard of the game; I never used the one-time-heal ability, and there was no need to because the quicksave/quickload really was really quick. But even then you have to think. There aren't an infinite number of ways to play the game willy-nilly, there are a handful of ways which all require a lot thought about placements, timings, and surroundings. And boy does it feel good when you finally figure out where to start the break any particular system of guard vision cones and patrols.And there's usually more than one way to do it - including ways to avoid the guards entirely, if the badges of ""Don't kill anyone (except mission targets)"" are to be believed. I find it hard to believe. I count two sections in the final mission only where I'm pretty certain there's only one way to do it. But even then I'm not sure. In all but the first two missions, every level has two fair-sized chunks which you can basically ignore entirely in fulfilling the primary objectives, and for most of them I saw one of them as significantly more ""reasonable"" than the other.  I didn't use heal, and with a few painful exceptions I refrained from using the pistol, but there were a few times where I was using certain abilities quite a lot and I thought, ""for people I think are noobs, the devs put in health kits, but since the speedrun badge is 20 minutes and I took 2 hours, this was probably the dev's noob-friendly thing for me"".The story is and ends as distinctly Japanese. The hijinks and wildy different and dorky characters portrayed by the official trailer and game description are, I am very, very happy to say, not anywhere to be found in the actual game. I had expected to have to put up with Borderlands / Big Bang Theory tier nonsense as a cost for a decent game at a decent price, but no, Mimimi did it all. They actually did it all. No Early Access, no Season Pass, no misleading gameplay trailers, free demo... except for maybe a hand of minor bugs (i.e. 5 or less), the trailer which actually doesn't look as good as the game itself, and the same trailer's portrayal of the characters as silly, they actually did it all. There's a lot of games with fundamental problems which people defend as ""but the publisher was meddling!""; this is one time where I think it's legitimate. The story's feel at any and every given minute is so vastly different from#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorThe group is composed of very different personalities. Working together as a team seems impossible at first. Yet over the course of many missions, trust is won and friendships are made. The characters develop their own dynamic and each member will have to face their own personal demons.that I can't write it up as anything but meddling from sales and marketing thinking their pet focus groups know better. I won't say the story isn't generic, it's not anything particularly special, but it's good generic, and more importantly, it's not Gearbox / Bioware generic.I won't go into the visuals or music, but suffice to say if they released an artbook and an OST and both were the same as the price of the game, I'd get both.There's a lot of care put into the game, from the big to the small. Yuki hums a catchy and endearing tune while she places her trap, which itself has a very satisfying sound when it clicks into place. When enemies fire their guns or call for help, there's a split-second wave showing the radius of their sound and all the red exclamation points pop in at the same time. I didn't like it when civilians pointed at me when they found me, but their whole package really made them feel like civilians. Roofs shine just the right amount at certain angles, the weather makes everything opaque just a little bit, and every color feels like it was chosen for its proper place. I have to wonder what I missed out on by not using health packs and not failing and alerting the guards more.When the credits rolled I let it go while I checked my phone for a bit, until I realized I actually did want to know some names this time, at which point I thought ""what if I could scroll up during the credits? why does it feel like, if anyone, it'd be these guys who'd have considered something like that?"" And sure enough, they did. They ♥♥♥♥ing did. After 40 hours of suffering, quicksaving, thinking, and finally getting through, they just had to put a final smile on my face.I can't recommend this game enough.Mimimi Production'sShadow Tactics: Blades of the Shogunis outstanding in every respect."
,Recommended,418240,34558800,Posted: 28 August,all,masteratt,"Very quick summary with elaboration to follow: This game was an absolute blast from beginning to end. 1) Excellent level design 2) Very fun writing and characters 3) Perfect challenge (played all levels on Normal) and 4) Very tight mechanics.1. Excellent level designMost levels introduce mechanics to freshen up the experience. From snow mechanics (""hey, whose footprint are these?!"") to night mechanics (""hey, what happened to the torch!?"") to water, to interaction within levels like breaking ice so they fall on enemies or pushing rocks or using an ox to cause what look like accidental deaths. Great thing being these accidental deaths don't raise an alarm.Thanks to introduction and how well those mechanics (and more) are used, I have never once felt bogged down thinking ""oh ffs let's do the same old..."".Not only do levels change but so do your objectives within those missions. Assassinations, escorting (it's not annoying I promise, for reasons I won't spoil), rescue, escape - Again, these help the game feel constantly fresh and keeps you on your toes. You never get into ""grind mode"" and just go through the motions.So best thing to summarise levels is that each one keeps you stimulated.2. Very fun writing and charactersThe way the game introduces the characters and stays true to who they are throughout is absolutely brilliant. From the cut-scenes, to the dialogues that play out within the missions is constantly charming and well written.From a mercenary with a heart, to a young girl who is desperately, and very amusingly, seeking a senpai, this gang of characters not only kept me entertained for the duration of the game, but I wanted to go on more adventures with them (though please note devs, sometimes great things are only great if they are left as they are). I'm more than happy these characters left me wanting more, as opposed to being fed up of them.3. Perfect challenge (played all levels on Normal).This is very tricky to write as difficulty is of course subjective. What I can say though is what may seem like ""oh f'ing BS!"" levels of difficulty, only serves to give you the most satisfying feeling as you slowly 'unpick' it and get through it.I am also rating the difficulty of this game with high regards because the levels usually have options. From bypassing some parts by for example hiding in a wagon (but it may be tricky to get to that wagon) or simply stealthing your way through a very cover-heavy area, or even taking out a mass enemies with a full on attack and running back. There's usually options, depending on what kind of challenge your brain is better at unpacking and simply how you prefer to play.I have never felt like the game was challenging me in ways I didn't want to be challenge. For example having to line up and click 100 things at once or anything like that. If you are someone who likes doing that and is capable of it, you can probably solve many puzzle I couldn't or get through areas in much better ways, but I have simply played by taking out enemies that were key (ones I felt stopping me from getting to my goal), hid them and then advanced slowly and nicely.The only part I feel is a bit ""bad"" on difficulty side is that the disguise mechanic is pretty overpowered. Though again, in later levels they are tricky to get the disguise in the first place. And to be honest, I welcomed a bit of (again, a bit) a cheesy mechanic.4. Very tight mechanicIt's just a joy to play (K+M just for reference). The ONLY time I felt like I was fighting the game was sometimes when trying to jump down, or throw down enemies from a higher level to a lower one, the mouse position can get a bit tricky for the throwing / jumping down path to appear. So I move around the mouse in the lower level wondering why they character's jumping line isn't coming up. It did cost me a quick load only one time (I couldn't get the jump down line to appear and it was a tight timing plan, and the fact I couldn't get the line to appear as quickly as I'd wanted spoiled the plan).OverallI had an absolute blast with this game and it's been the most satisfying and fun 'puzzle / RTS' game I have ever played.PS: I enjoyed the Metal Gear references ;) [won't even hint at this for fear of spoiling couple of very cool and amusing moments]."
,Recommended,418240,28234256,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,BrutalChips,"I haven't heard about this game anywhere, and suddenly it pops out on my steam store. Seeing the gameplay on youtube I instantly bought it. I remember I used to play the same missions over and over again in Commandos, Desperados and Robin Hood and try to end the game as fast as possible and killing as few people as i can. This game brings back all those memories."
,Recommended,418240,28299062,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,[StwA] Asbestbrezel,"This game is the best Realtime Tactig Stealth Game in my Opinion, Because it is in the Shogun era.It is very difficult and you need a whole while until you have achieved a level. Goal to success is to make mistakes and to learn from them and from the characters, You also have to pay attention to the environment that saves your progress and  often use quicksave.I do not want to say more in order not to spoil your funIt is highly recommended to player who like Stealth games or the Shogun era.For those who are unsure, i would recomment a sale event mind you, you need lots of patience otherwise you won` t have fun with this purchase."
,Recommended,418240,28312742,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,THE TRASHMAN,It's Commandos in Feudal Japan
76561198014388373,Recommended,418240,31387474,Posted: 26 April,all,TouchFluffyTail?,"commando without guns, bigger map, and less bs with the random events as you progress"
76561198085042088,Recommended,418240,28262293,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Rystein,"If you ever played any of the Commandos series and loved them then this game is for you.You take command of a rag-tag group of two ninjas, a sharp shooter, a spy and a samurai in feudal Japan.The tension of this stealth game is so intense and the sense of satisfaction and pride when your tactic finally comes together is just great. I literally spent two hours on a mission and enjoyed every second.The artstyle and graphics are very pretty and the sound design, music and voice acting (Japanese, haven't selected the English for 'immersion') are also excellent. Gameplay is similar to that of Commandos, but in a ful 3D environment - amazing!Commandos fan? Get this game.History fan? Get this game.Stealth tactition? Get this game."
76561198015235860,Recommended,418240,28239357,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,mczudok,Finally a game that is like the good old commados. Already finished the first two missions and i can really recommend this game.I am playing the game on normal difficulty and i think this is a good level for newcommers of this genre who are looking for a challenge. Seems a bit easy for commando veterans for now but in the next run i will try the hardcore mode.Excellent revival. Please give us more of that stuff.
,Recommended,418240,30322590,Posted: 4 March,all,Dux,Brought me back to my childhood days of Commandos and makes it even better in every regard. It was an absolute pleasure from start to finish.
,Recommended,418240,28253026,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,ImmortalCookie,"so far so good ... really loved commandos 1,2 & 3... well done devs for bringing a dead genre back into existence with flying colors :)"
,Recommended,418240,28389648,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Maximus,"The game that I have been searching for the last 20 years. Played the commandos at my elder cousins place when I was 10 and loved it so much that its the best gaming memory I have ever had. Then the dissappointment that such a game never came to pass again for the last 20 years. Until Now.Shadow Tactics is not just a exceptional game but the developer should be highly applauded for risking with such a genre which hasnt seen a single game for such a long time. And the execution is superb. One the very few games which has launched with almost 0 issues. Great soundtrack, superb characters and great setting. Challenging and rewarding!! My Game of the Year for sure !!!"
76561197965613645,Recommended,418240,28267998,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,seifrox,"Awesome, feels like Commandos 2 only better, also many details that suprised me, e.g. I though to myself I removed a guard and nobody bats an eye, suddenly I hear where is he? and another guard raises the alarm. Although it does not seem to happen all the time it was quite refreshing, same as the environmental kills.7 hours play time so far and i really enjoy it!So if you ever liked the Commandos series or similar games, buy this one you will not regret it."
,Recommended,418240,28450804,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Filo,"Amazing and well polished in all aspects, worth every cent."
76561198081450332,Recommended,418240,28390472,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Iso Koala,"Suberb tactics/puzzle game of old school, made by modern standards and quality!As mentioned in other reviews, this is not your typical X-com like strategy game. This is more of a puzzle-tactic-stealth game, where you are constantly outnumbered by vast ammount of enemies, and you really need to stay stealthy and clever all the time, to survive even basic encounters. One small mistake, and you are dead.But dying is not a end of the world, as the game kind of expects you to do constant quick saving, and loading if necessary. The levels are extremely open (after the first one) so you can do them in tons of differents ways, using different routes and abilities of the different characters. You wont get bored doing the same level twice, as there is so many ways to complete them, and many challenges to unlock in them.What is best in the game, how polished it is in most important aspect; design. Enemy placement, AI, routes to get to your target, small gimmicks here and there, and every level having its own theme and unique gimmicks; the quality in design keeps the game constantly fresh and intresting. They havent cut the corners in the game, its full of small things that make everyhing ah so much better as a whole.Game is also very hard for new players of the genre, but also very rewarding. But just be patient in your approach, and you will be greatly satisfied. When you pull out out a coordinated attack by your team of ninjas and samurais, killing the overwhelming odds and leaving the scene unnoticed, you will get a good feeling of accomplishing things, -by your own-, instead of being pulled in a leash and guided through easy experience like most modern games do."
76561198085741508,Recommended,418240,33223941,Posted: 4 July,all,scott-macalliston,Shadow Tactics: Blades of the Shogun is one of the most demanding and satisfiying games i have ever played.
76561197998922724,Recommended,418240,33363344,Posted: 7 July,all,clxcoltz,"What can I say, this game just got everything right - gameplay, music, character, voice (there's even Japanese voice to fit the theme, and it's really good), art, animation... can't think of anything else they can do that doesn't involve ""throw gobs more money at this"". Cherry on top is that it runs perfectly smooth on Linux, something many much bigger houses fail at - tux, therefore bux!Developers: Please give us additional content, we'll pay for it. Also please take your time and get it right, if the DLC lives up to the original this can become an indie legend."
,Recommended,418240,28288032,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,grinch,"This is the best isometric stealth real-time tactics game to come around in a while. The missions are challenging and varied and the stages gorgeous. Great Japanese voice acting and an Edo period setting buttress an engaging story with interesting and endearing characters.The tale begins with a tutorial mission in which one of the five playable characters aids an assault on Osaka castle led by another member of what will become the Shogun's elite team, in order to seize it and install your daimyo as Shogun. You'll then embark on the uncovering and unraveling of a plot against the Shogun after a successful period of his administration.The story is quite well-written and the setting, art style, and voice acting make it very immersive.On the gameplay side, I've often been amazed at how long I've spent on a level, after observing, planning, executing, and retrying even seemingly small engagements in order to get them right in what are often very small exploitable windows of time requiring instantaneous coordination between two or more of the five playable characters. Thankfully, there's a ""shadow mode"" during which you can queue up actions for each character before hitting ""enter"" to watch them be carried out simultaneously.As to downsides, I haven't found many. It can be quite challenging at times, but not so much in an ""RNG"" way that feels unfair. Every problem has at least one solution, and almost all appear to have multiple, so if you stick with it and plan patiently you'll succeed. Names and details of the Edo period setting have been changed, so you're not serving Tokugawa Ieyasu as such, but this isn't a historical simulator and the details that are present more than suffice to make the story and gameplay immersive. I have encountered a few areas in which I can do things I clearly shouldn't be able to, such as knock out a civilian on a balcony and then throw her down between two buildings in an area with no visible gap, where she then gets stuck and can no longer witness my systematic dispatching of the guards. The loading times for the first playthrough of a new mission can sometimes take up to about 120 seconds, but this is a one-time inconvenience. In fact, I'd say the game is optimized very well as I'm running on a graphics card (Radeon HD6870) that sits below that of the minimum recommended system requirements (HD7750) and am able to run the game on high-max settings with no performance issues.Although I'm still only on my first playthrough, that the replay value is high is immediately obvious, with each level having multiple paths to the objective(s), and several challenges per level ranging from unique environmental kills to extremely difficult time hacks for speedruns. This game will give back a lot of fun hours of play for its fairly modest price tag. If you enjoyed games like those from theCommandosseries, are interested in Edo period Japanese history, or both (like myself), you won't regret this purchase in the slightest.9/10 Highly recommend!"
,Recommended,418240,33335308,Posted: 7 July,all,Vaelor,"The finest release of the tactical stealth genre, and easy contender for game of the year. Approximately 50 hours of solid gameplay to be enjoyed on the first playthrough - or vastly more time if you're an achievement perfectionist (or choose the Hardcore difficulty mode).Good:*Gameplay is deep, challenging, and rewarding.*Story is excellent, with real emotional investment and meaningful character development.*Dialog and accompanying voice acting is top-notch.*Strikingly beautiful graphical design which does much to showcase the beauty of the setting.*Myriad possibilities for mission execution techniques present nearly endless replay potential.*Thoughtful achievements which present real challenges for those who wish to tackle them.Bad:*Occasionally frusting pathfinding and line-of-sight system. Not enough to seriously detract from enjoyment, however, and no instances of game-breaking bugs.Ugly:*No ugly anywhere to be found in this game. Yes, it's that good.Bottom line: 10/10. There's a reason that BOTS has a 96% overall rating: it's been well-earned. This is a fantastic title with superb craftsmanship and execution. You'll love this game, and studios like Mimimi should be rewarded for such superlative work."
,Recommended,418240,28444629,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Monaco,"Ever dreamed about Commandos in 2016 with Japanese setting? Well that's it. Brilliant voice acting and UI/UX, decent storyline."
76561198041078311,Recommended,418240,34675906,Posted: 1 September,all,King Crimson Requiem,"This game was described by a friend in an incredibly dense elevator pitch: ""squad based real time stealth strategy ninja shenanigans"", and I purchased it on that alone. I have to say, I've never been happier with an impulse buy.This is a game that, to me, oozed polish. Each level is unique and presents you with their own challenges and multiple approaches. Each of the 5 player characters feel useful and well crafted, with no one outshining the rest of the party, and no one falling unused to the wayside. These are thanks in part to the ""shadow mode"" mechanic which allow you to plan out coordinated moves between the entire party, which is at times necessary as a tightly planned, well coordinated maneuver is the best way to clear a path forward. That's what makes the gameplay so engrossing - you're given a variety of tools and skills to play with and the ability to coordinate them into a single strike; you're given objectives within tightly patrolled, well guarded areas; and, you're given all the time you need to get your squad into position and plan the perfect maneuver to achieve your objective, puzzling out the timing of guard patrols, the length you can risk staying in a guard's vision, or the time it takes to recover and hide a body. If you fail, you're encouraged to reload(the game keeps a (toggleable) timer telling you how long it's been since you've saved, and encourages you to quicksave/reload liberally), figure out where you went wrong, alter your plan and give it another go. In a way, this is a puzzle game, and the developers did a masterful job of weaving that into real time tactical gameplay without taking away from the underlying puzzles in each encounter.It's hardly just the gameplay that makes this such a slam-dunk for me, however. This game brings the whole package. The story, while nothing ambitious or groundbreaking, does an excellent job of getting you invested and attached to the characters. The levels are vibrant, beautifully crafted sandboxes, almost feeling like a model playset as you guide your characters through them, exploring their architecture and layouts. The music complements this perfectly as well. The cherry on top is that both the game itself and the individual levels are paced excellently, giving you a great experience without dragging on too long or overstaying their welcome.There are a few minor complaints. Certain design decisions made for convenience's sake, like guards not seeing players crouched above them, can take you out of the experience, others, like the stronger characters being unable to drag bodies while crouched, can cause some frustration when you have to bring another character over to safely dispose of them. These are hardly glaring flaws, however, and for me detract very little from the overall experience.If you're a fan of real time tactical games, if you're looking for an interesting take on ninja gameplay, or, if you're weeaboo scum, (or all of the above, like me), this game is an absolute must-buy. Get it full price or buy it on sale, just get it because it's not a game you want to miss."
,Recommended,418240,28247932,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Bradski,"Love the story, the characters, the genre, and this game. Being able to blow up a hand full of people who just wanted to watch a Tanuki dance is merely icing on the cake. Would recommend this to anyone and everyone who was a Commandos fan... Especially because that could lead to the devs getting us so much more content."
,Recommended,418240,34169500,Posted: 11 August,all,Elkkyy,"I have truly enjoyed this game. Shadow tactics: Blades of shogun is fun to play it has nice graphics and most importantly it has Samurais and Ninjas and Sniper and Woman and... Kid. Well anyways it is a great game. (when you read the word ninja you should already press ""Add to Cart"")One thing that everybody should know before buying this game. You will have to save a lot like during 1-3mins time you have to save at least once. Also you will have to load the game multiple times. If you hate that you will probably hate this game also but I like the game and I don't really mind saving and loading so I am good I recommend this game because I like it."
76561198108504353,Recommended,418240,28312049,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,TheRedHeadDidIt......,"Wow, just wow. Smooooooth game play. Looks great, plays great, is great.Keyboard set up and mouse use, wait for it....great!The ""save"" you might use a little more in the begining, but we must crawl, then walk first before running .......Going back to the fun now...Oh yeah..10% off was nice too."
,Recommended,418240,33947023,Posted: 1 August,all,Raine 星野小花,Three words.Worth every cent.
76561197985792064,Recommended,418240,28427954,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Clynol,"Definately one of the best games of 2016.If you are intostratergythat has a heavy emphasis onstealththen there's no reason why you wouldn't love this game.Pros+ Great & likeable characters that are unique as individuals as well as the abilities they have.+ Fun gameplay which encourages experimentation due to the different character abilites, when combining abilities together you can pull off some pretty amazing feats.+ Visually impressive & diverse level design.+ Genuinely a challenging game, that seemingly increases in difficulty with each level constanly making you think outside the box in your approach to a situation.+ encourages replayability due to the ""badges""  (mission related achievements) you can earn for each mission, but also because there is always more than one way to approach a level.+ Decent story.Cons- There is a ""More games"" tab in the main menu which features other games made by the developers, obviously this does not effect the game really, its just in game advertising which i dont like."
76561198039818612,Recommended,418240,28295657,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,smakus,This game has exceeded all my expectations.
,Recommended,418240,28334972,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,X Knyght,"Like so many players before me has mention the demo sold me on this game.The minute I started this game I was instantly hooked and never looked back. I normally don't  play strategy/tactical type games but this game won me over. It's an easy game to get into with a lot of complexities to get involved in. I love how you need to plan out your every move and how there's different ways to carry out an objective, and begs to be replayed long after have you beaten the game. I like to take my time in this game and take it all in, it's a game that is best played slowly to really shine.This game came out of the blue for me but it was a great surprise. Indie developers have pushed the envelope in recent years, not in terms of graphics but innovative and genuinely fun gameplay that AAA titles has lost. I urge any player from all genres to play the demo and you'll know what I mean. You'll thank me later.Keep up the great work Mimimi!!"
,Recommended,418240,33323931,Posted: 6 July,all,tearfromthered,"Amazing homage to ""Commando"" & ""Desperados"" games in a gorgeous modern engine with a japanese setting and smooth controls and graphics. Everything you could expect from it. This is a very punitive game that will make you quick save quick load to the point of insanity. Not for everybody"
,Recommended,418240,28311647,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Jmt660,"This game is hard. It will make you think. I love it. The story and voice acting are amazing, and the gameplay is great."
76561198025459038,Recommended,418240,28259202,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,DAVEzilla,"""Oh a Commandos like game with Samurais and Ninjas and stuff?!""   >   Tried the Demo = Had a Blast   >   Buyed = Supported the DEVs for the job well done :)Note That: You get to keep all the settings, key-bindings and Game Progress (saved games) from the Demo onto the actual game! <3"
76561198034387750,Recommended,418240,28340108,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Findanniin,"Innovative game that wears it's commandos/desperados influence on it's sleeves.If you like the genre, Shadow Tactics doesn't reinvent the wheel, but it's graphically a pleasing experience with smooth and intuitive controls that don't get in the way of murdering your way through feudal Japan.Played through the whole thing, and can't think of a single nit to pick.Will be keeping an eye on the developer's future products."
76561198007257091,Recommended,418240,28476568,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Dibbles,"This is without any shadow(!) of a doubt the best game I have bought in the last couple of years.After seeing it in the store for the first time I was pleasantly suprised to see a demo, which I immediately downloaded and played for no more than 5 minutes before handing over the full price. I have never, in recent times, felt such compulsion to physically throw my money at the screen.As you will discover for yourself, the game is a tactical stealth game set in a Japanese, Shogun era. You control up to a total of five different characters, each possessing unique skills that help untangle complex fortresses, temples, prisons, castles, and bad-guy patrols in a variety of different ways, from laying a spike trap in a guard's path, to turning a guards attention to a character in disguise while you sneak somebody up from behind that happens to wield a silent but deadly katana. There are so many different ways to approach the very cleverly designed problems in every level that the game has significant replay appeal, and though I have just reached 100% achievement in just over 90 hours, I will definitely revisit this game.The music is sublime, voice acting well written and executed, graphics and level design simply stunning, tactical gameplay complex, varied and challenging. The list goes on of all the qualities present in this game that I have found so lacking in recent game development.Also worthy of note: while I am not usually one to engage deeply in the story of non-RPG games, I found myself genuinely eager to see the next cut scenes, even pausing for thought at a few particularly poignant scenes.The game also includes 'badges' for each mission that offer very particular non-compulsary objectives and actively encourage you to play levels in certain ways; for example killing everyone, not killing anyone, killing a certain number of guards with objects, or poisoning a nefarious Japanese lord with his morning cup of tea as a method of assassination. You can play at your own pace, or try to meet the challenging yet rewarding speed-run badges, which on their own add an entirely new layer of replay value and tactical consideration.Finally, I counted only two very minor bugs/glitches after 90+ hours of gameplay, which from a new release without any  updates (at time of writing) is simply unheard of.If you were/are a fan of the Commandos style genre, or new to it but like tactical gameplay, then buy this game. If you have the money, don't wait for a sale either. This company deserves every penny they get for producing this masterpiece.Their technique is magnificent."
76561198066674133,Recommended,418240,34372743,Posted: 20 August,all,Bobba,"Superb game with a great story, incredibly well designed missions and awesome visuals. That's where the fun only just begins. This game comes to life in the achievements. There are easy ones, difficult ones, and some will have you pulling your hair out, until it 'clicks'. So good. Really- it's that good."
76561198071626597,Recommended,418240,28435496,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,360°Tilt,"Oh boy, overall, this game is a stunning masterpiece. I have so much to say about this game, but let's narrow it down to a few points.Starting with the positive aspects:- Storyline,Amazing13/10. I personally loved the story. It is undescribable, especially at around the climax.- gameplay, a huge variaty of strategies even when the game is based on stealth. The developers created the obstacles, and the rest is for you to overcome them however you want.- hints, the game provides you with key objects/locations as hints to help you get through a level that you may be stuck on.- difficulty, this game is generally difficult for me when I played on normal difficulty, it required alot of thinking and strategy, which is the exact reason why I found myself coming back to this game everyday.- voice acting, the voices of the characters are well-designed, not just the protagonsists but also the enemies. It really puts a sense of reality in the game.For some negative points I came across:- there are some glitches of enemies where they would become ""stuck"", making it impossible for me to get through a chokepoint unnoticed because they wont look away- controls, this is just a personal opinion, I find it a little annoying when I try to click on the ground beside a hook ring and my mouse snaps onto the hookring instead of my actual target.It is important to note for reference that it took me 25 hours of gameplay to beat this game on a first playthrough on normal difficulty. There are 9 achievements for each of the 10 levels to be completed in alternative playthroughs. Personally I don't feel like going back to complete them but I'm certain this is a good concept for players who likes challenges."
,Recommended,418240,28259135,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Freddy,"My first thought was ""the price is way too high for a game like this"" but I don't regret my decision at all. There are so many ways to finish a mission. Collecting badges and playing on different difficulty modes, gives you a great replayability, because there is always a better way to finish a mission! The graphic and music fit perfect! If you liked Commandos 1&2 this game is FOR you! You also supporting a little developer studio!+ awesome graphic / art style+ fitting music+ replayability+ badges~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~--+/- price+/- story ""could"" be betterI love it!"
,Recommended,418240,28231348,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Tipx,"I retried some Commando games about a year ago. DAMNNN they didn't age well.Now, this gets released, and I must say that is a proper way to reboot a concept! They reuse a lot of mechanics from the Commando series, but they changed it quite enough too; it doesn't feel like a reskin, but definately like a reboot.GJ devs! Looking forward continuing that game to see if the rest is as good as the first 3 hours!"
,Recommended,418240,28242439,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Veldrik,"Hooked in the first 15 minutes.I would say that if you enjoy games such as Commandos, Desperados or Fallout Tactics, that you will enjoy this game.More so, there is alot of polish to this.  Art style, voices, gameplay, controls, mission pacing.  This is beautifully made and executed.Nothing to complain about, and I would say worth the (full) price I paid for it."
76561198004431735,Recommended,418240,28295768,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,feldor,"Already can say this is a great game. If you remember old Commandos (my dad used to love those), you will love this. It is different, but still there are same elements. But what is cool imo also is that you can choose voices for japanese and if needing, english subtitles. But whatever you want, english or japanese voices available.It looks great and sounds great, loving it already. Pricy a bit, but it is AAA product imo. If you have played Commandos, buy this, if you have not played them, buy this anyway.Cheers..."
76561198073209593,Recommended,418240,28325575,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Remember-Of-Life,"Too good to be true, true nevertheless.Awsome top-down game that may even rival Monaco as my favorite.If they every add Multiplayer and working Steam Workshop integration this game is going to so be the best top-down ever.It is way more fun that you think it is by watching the trailer or a review.Go play the demo.. you'll love it."
,Recommended,418240,28892407,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Grim Pinata,"I can't recommend this game enough. It's very well polished and lovingly crafted. Comparisons to the old Commandos games are apt, but what really surprised and delighted me was how well the characters were written. They each have their own personalities and react to each other and the changing situations differently. By the end of the game they had each grown on me quite a bit and I was sad to see them go.""The road ahead is long... Why not travel together a bit longer, and say goodbye along the way?"""
76561198039985527,Recommended,418240,28226437,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,mopple-the-whale,"Shadow Tactics is bringing back this unique genre, that is mostly known from the ""commandos"" games, ""Desperados"" and ""Robin Hood: The Legend of Sherwood"":Stealthy Real-Time Tactics.The game requires careful observation, planning, tactical thinking and a little patience on the one hand and skillfully timed execution on the other hand. If you like that you will love this. Just try the demo.Level design is very well thought through. Challenging but never unfair. You always know what you did wrong if a situation is getting out of hand.There are many solutions for every part of each Mission and the playstyle of the 13 missions is very diverse.You can unlock badges in each mission if you do or avoid certain things (not swimming through water, not using disguise, not killing anyone, entering an area by a certain route, ... and many more). Those are well chosen for each mission and add a lot of replay value.The characters are interesting. You quickly care for them and their skill sets are well balanced. Every skill is usefull and with creativity you can come up with a lot of awesome combos.Mouse/keyboard AND gamepad controls need a bit getting used to but are very well designed and give you the choice to handle your goup of ninjas in two very different ways.Anymations and cutscenes don't look very fancy, but there is great art design and attention to detail."
76561198101450133,Recommended,418240,29095193,Posted: 7 January,all,Sketch,"Stunning gameplay, gripping story, very challenging, tonnes of replay value, excellent content. Would buy again!"
,Recommended,418240,29094834,Posted: 7 January,all,Nzxt_Extreme,"Amazying Hidden Game ! ✓Amazing Game Play! ✓Amazing Game musc ! ✓Amazing Game Voice acting both English and Japanese ! ✓Amazying Game story ! ✓Amazying Graphics for its genre ! ✓Amazying Level design ! ✓Amazying Characters ! ✓Amazying No DRM ,  No 3rd party client & no Bloatware ! ✓And last but not leastAmazying price ! ✓What are you waiting for  ? Go get it , They also have Demo u can try ! Which dev's give Demo before buying these days ?"
76561198091210341,Recommended,418240,32852408,Posted: 27 June,all,pinkpinnn,"If you are looking for something similar to Robin Hood: The Legend of Sherwood, this is not it.In terms of gameplay and style, there are similarities, but Shadow tactics definitely ramps up the difficulty, and requires players to be patient and tactful at every turn.If you loved the base building and personel training from Robin Hood, I'm afraid this game does not offer it.Despite it not being what I sought for, this game is beautifully made, and a very welcoming sight as I've missed this style of game play.Room for improvement: movement and commands (select all should be an option, using shadow mode can be frustrating, loading time is fairly slow)"
76561198013649911,Recommended,418240,30678554,Posted: 22 March,all,swiftrabbit,"This is one of the most fun and addicting games I've played in a long time.  Replayability is huge.  I found myself replaying every level until I unlocked all the badges.  Sound quality was superb.  Effects and voice overs are really top notch.  The art direction and details are amazing, and found my self scrolling around every square inch of every level noticing all the details that were put into this."
76561198252119170,Recommended,418240,35000747,Posted: 16 September,all,-=✪JokeR✪=-,One of the best tactical stealth games with awonderful storyline!!!
,Recommended,418240,28549087,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,ZHENGFU ZHE,"This is one of the few games i could get myself to sit down and finish. The story is interesting, the gameplay and graphics are fantastics, and the various badges for each stage makes you want to replay all the levels to get them all. The only downfall i see is akward screen turning. However, that problem is so insignificant compared to all the good things this game has acomplished."
,Recommended,418240,28964402,Posted: 2 January,all,LVG,"*They have a demo for you to try, you get the basic idea of what you're buying from itA must get if you're a Commandos fan, this game adds it's own unique twist on games like commandos and desperados with the addition of roof top tactics and sync kills, the story and cut scenes are incredibly well written and done, the character interaction and voicing is 10/10, apart from the Shogun's Son and his Brother's Son.Probably the best game released in 2016"
76561198071767387,Recommended,418240,28235204,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,BigbyW,"Ecellent game. Lots of fun, I am very impressed with it, at first I hesitated to purchace it, but within 10 minutes of playing I was having so much fun. 10 hrs straight on the first go. Well done."
76561197968746980,Recommended,418240,28234081,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,freakadelle,"Unlike you, this game doesn't have to hide. It's an excellently executed and respectful revival of the genre. Beautifully crafted flair, controls, voice acting and UI.10/10 Would QuickLoad again"
76561198025897448,Recommended,418240,28227135,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,J2 Ninja,Love this! Went in expecting it to be like my much loved Commando's (which I still own on steam) with Ninja's. Winning combo right there.Wow was I surprised. This plays a whole lot more arcady than Cmdo's with lovely looking shell shaded graphic but at heart still tactics based game with a distinct Cmdo's feel. First level had me reload one section 4 or 5 time to try get it perfect - I ended spending 80 fun minutes on the first level.Cant wait for more of this genre and I hope the Devs have many more of these left in them!Oh and the optional (I view obligatory) Japanese voice acting is an excellent touch!
,Recommended,418240,28983392,Posted: 3 January,all,Saul Goodman,"This is definitely a great game and you can see the developers put a lot of hard work in it. From the great level design (essential in a game like this) to the detailed visual presentation. I love tactical games and I loved Commandos back in the day so this is a nice throwback to the old days of PC gaming.Cons: minor performance issues at times where FPS drop to mid 40s for no apparent reason. It's doesn't have any impact the game play, but some further optimization would be nice.For the developers: if you can manage to maintain the same level of quality game play and level design and a fair price, a DLC with additional maps would be most welcome."
,Recommended,418240,29476007,Posted: 24 January,all,acid14,"Stunningly well made game, if you liked the old commandos series this is a perfect homage to that genre. the art style is beautiful, the audio is spot on and theres plenty of menu options.I usually dont expect much from any attempted ""port"" of an older genre because they never quite recapture the feels of the original but this absolutely does.Game itself is fairly difficult on the whole and might stress newer players out but that kinda comes with the territory of the genre.10/10 would bang."
,Recommended,418240,28243996,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Narquois ☝,Yes.
,Recommended,418240,28649000,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,BoyToy92,"A game in the vein of Commandos (1998) and Desperados: Wanted Dead or Alive (2001) which takes the old formula and proves it still works today: global hotkeys for all the characters, rotatable 3d levels and a truckloads of optional challenges, total recommendation for fans of the aforementioned games.Video review belowhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0PuNGFz_2Ps"
,Recommended,418240,31951715,Posted: 25 May,all,Sayake,"When I saw this trailer pass through my discovery queue, it immediatly made me think of Commandos. Was very happy to see there finally was a game similar to it. The graphic/art style looks awesome, interesting story, voice acting is very good and it's set in Japan in the Edo period, what's not to love about this :)So if you loved playing Commandos back in the day like me (Now I feel old lol) or if you're just into a good strategy-stealth game, it's definitely worth it."
,Recommended,418240,30988562,Posted: 6 April,all,Herr_Starr,"It's commandos in 2016, but without the remorse of killing nazis."
76561198053242268,Recommended,418240,33851651,Posted: 28 July,all,NaevyBleu,The satisfaction you get after completing a mission... indescribable.
76561198008374110,Recommended,418240,28458073,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Xzyvoj,"If you enjoyed any of the Commandos games you will very much enojoy this. I am extremely satisfied thus far. The devs managed to breath life into a genre that has been unfortunately forgotten in this new age of graphic intensive, fps, multiplayer only games. Relive a time where strategy reigned supreme. The story is exceptional. The gameplay smooth. The combat is reactive and intense. This game is not for someone looking to have their hands held. If you charge the enemy, you will die. Guy with sword does not beat guy with gun in an open field. You will end up like Katsumoto's men in ""The Last Samurai"". CoD and Halo scrublords are welcomed to be wowed and amazed at what real games can be like. The satisfaction of puting together a shadow strike chain that takes down ten enemies. Welcome to the genre of your forefathers."
76561197970354789,Recommended,418240,28514350,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Kane,"First things first, let me make one thing clear... although alot of reviewers call this a RTS, it most definately is not, Shadow Tactics: Blades of the Shogun is a TACTICS game remeniscent of the old Commandoes and Desperados games. If you are looking for an actual RTS you won't find it in this game.You control up to 5 characters, each with different skills to complete your task often needing them to work in tandem (wich there is a gamemechanic in place for) and it's a blast to pull off a well planned move with multiple characters at once.The missions are pretty interesting and they fit around the story that enfolds. I personally saw the plottwist in the story comming a mile away but it still didn't take away anything from the overall experience since the most enjoyment will be from the actual gameplay.I have spent 31h to complete one playthrough, and there definately is replayability either to get badges (challenges) by doing/not doing certain actions during missions or by simply trying out a another route to your target.This game is a prime example of a cheap indie games just stomping on most AAA titles in terms of value, fun and gameplay.I can't really say anything negative about the title based on what it sells for and what it is intended to be. The few quirks I had with it like missing hotkeys for selecting all characters at once, some ui annoyances etc have all been patched in as of writing this review.So I can't recommend this enough if you are into tactics games. I'm glad atleast one game in this genre is made and I really hope for more."
,Recommended,418240,28400275,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,THX-1337,"As a kid I stumbled onto an Eidos Interactive demo disk that had two missions from Commandos Behind Enemy Lines that changed my gaming life forever. I played that demo to death as well as every Commandos game I could get my hands on, but it has been a long dry spell since the last game that got even close to recapturing that magic. Shadow Tactics is a pitch perfect homage to the gameplay I loved in those games, but still manages to find its own voice and style to set it apart. This game also brings some technological advances to the genre that are much appreciated, and it's gorgeously detailed and filled with a variety of pathways, secrets, and tactics to explore. Well done Mimimi Productions."
76561198104164653,Recommended,418240,28331352,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,thanosfil,"This is my first Steam review, but I can't help my need to recommend this game.Shadow Tactics is a love letter to, my personal favorite, genre of Tactical stealth. Titles like Desperados: Wanted Dead or Alive, Robin Hood: The Legend of Sherwood or the famous Commandos series might ring a bell to some. After ten years of slumber the genre is back to form, thanks to the creative endeavor of Mimimi Studios.The game offers a robust campaign of 25+ hours, while offering a variety of ways to execute each mission. Complementing this open ended nature are challenges that will challenge the most meticulous players out there and are a refreshing way of adding replayability to the game. This is by far more replayable than the Commandos and Depserados games, and I can easily see myself sinking more hours to those insane badge challenges. Oh and did a mention there is a hardcore mode, making every mission a total nightmare/joy for precision freaks, yeah there is that as well.But the greatness does not end here, level design is on another level. Mimimi have considered a lot of playstyles in their design and it shows. At some point I had a wild idea to go loud and think out of the box. A few quicksaves/quickloads later, my objective was completed in a way I dont think the developers ever intended, but I was filled with pride and a smug smile, thanks to my insane plan that actually worked. The characters have simple differences, but possess a unique core that makes it, really amazing to see them work together. The shadow mode is a joy to witness when everything goes according to what you had in mind.Sound Design and art direction also elevate the title, from the sound of footsteps in the snow to a shuriken lodging itself in the neck of a unsuspicious guard everything sounds perfect. Classic Asian instruments offer the best kind of ambience for a game of this style and just simply work. The cel shading, 3D art style also makes this game a beauty to behold, as my first minutes in every level were spent noticing every tiny detail Mimimi had put on their maps.All in all this was by far one of the best(if not THE best) experiences I had this year. And funny thing is, it came so close to this year's conclusion.If you are a fan of the genre you will adore it, if you are new to this genre this is as good of an entry point as it gets!"
76561197975760250,Recommended,418240,28384477,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Jinn,"It's rare that a developer will take a chance with isometric game design these days. Those who do are brave and passionate enough about what they do to take such a chance, regardless of the popular demand.In this case, Shadow Tactics is one of - if not the best - attempt at isometric design with 3D tools I've seen in this generation of gaming. The UI is fantastic and the gameplay is smooth. Nothing feels out of place here. The environments are beautiful, the art direction in general is spot on, and the characters are charming. The game itself is challenging, but gives the players every tool they need to accomplish anything they need to.Not a full review, but highly recommend everyone try out the demo(!) which is two full missions."
76561198046409097,Recommended,418240,28248695,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Sa1ba,Overall great game. Havent addicted to a game for so long. It bring me back to the old days. High quality game. Definityly worth to buy.
,Recommended,418240,28232903,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Ruzen,"I've longed a game like this for a long time. Not only they created this game, they also managed to made a rememberable game. The setting is uniqe and the art is fantastic. Spending time to learn patrol rules and solutions have never been this fun since Desperados.I also liked how they didn't mixed up rpg elements into It. These kind of games only requires full focus to level designs and they did managed that aswell. Some may think 13 level is not enough but I gotto say: although It is not a high number I think It's a normal number. Desperados had much more levels but 6-7 of them was tutorial levels anyways. And belive me levels are not easy or goes full tutorial mode. Levels keep giving you new missions and there are some different objectives too ( I won't give any spoilers) besides kill him, blast here.Game requires 2-3 patches no doubt about that. I didn't encountered any game breaking bugs or crashes but there are some glitches and pathing issues. Also I think game do need a more difficult mode. The most upset for me is the balance of each characters and by balance I mean they all don't make sound. Not while running or not enough sound is coming from performing loud actions. They have to make a hardoce+ difficulty because honestly It makes AI, lackluster.Sound and music were very good aswell. There is Japanise voice over which is great and adds great feeling. Story and fiction was ok. You don't expect much story anyways but the dialoge was not borring and few cheesy lines and jokes give some pace in missions.I think overall game is superb and playable but If they manage to do few good patches and clean up occasional glitches & bugs and add more difficulty options. I belive this game will remember as a classic, in time."
,Recommended,418240,32114131,Posted: 1 June,all,w00dn,Really amazing game that keeps you glued to your screen for hours! 11/10
,Recommended,418240,28391868,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Tree Trunk,"If you remember those games like Commando and Commando 2, you will LOVE this... Pretty similar but with the added awesomeness of NINJAS! Awesome game!"
76561198091776885,Recommended,418240,28260885,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,[EcG] SwordThane,"The game is everything a stealth game should be! From worrying about the noise of your actions to having to watch your footprints in the snow! The voice acting is great I love it and there is humor in the characters and everyone feels like they come with their own kit and tools to get the job done as well as to work well with one another.I'm currently playing on expert and I have to say the game is real challenging and there are always multiple ways to complete your obj and some might not be seen right at the start but it will click later when you learn your characters more or learn that some guards just have a really long patrol.Over all the, Characters are amazing and unique the sound and visuals are stunning and game play is smooth not a single issue running it on max not even a little frame stutter.If you love and good challenge and want to get a little frustrated solving how your going to assassinate your target or pickpokit a key from this samurai this game is for you.Only Con this game has is long load times when loading a lvl for the first time and I could really care less its called patience only takes about 45 seconds to load a lvl for the first time after that its instant."
,Recommended,418240,33879506,Posted: 29 July,all,patrick.iversen,"Can't remember the last time I bought a game, installed it, played it and then couldn't stop playing it for the next couple of days, that's how much I enjoyed it. The gameplay, story and visuals are brilliant and if you ever played a commandos game, this game will be right up your alley. Highly recommend it."
,Recommended,418240,33786925,Posted: 25 July,all,MMR Bankruptcy - Jiyeon,"Usually when a strategy game like this gets the gameplay right, the story sucks. Gets the story right, the characters suck.But this game is on another level. You can tell the devs pay lots of attention to details.Minor hiccups here and there but if you like stealth based strategy game, you can't miss this one."
,Recommended,418240,28360130,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Rs Bad,"I generally don't write reviews.But damn this game is quality. I have been waiting ages for something to scratch my Commandos itch and to a lesser extent, Tenchu itch.The fact that the devs also released a demo in this day in age also seals the deal for me.I was going to intially wait for the winter sale but I bought it anyway, no regrets whatsoever."
,Recommended,418240,28366351,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Indignation,"If you liked Desperados, Robin Hood: Legend of Sherwood and / or the Commandos series back in the day, you're gonna wet yourself while playing this so bad that you're gonna have to change the floors afterwards, but it's still totally worth it."
,Recommended,418240,28259967,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Luminis,"Well, what can I say that hasn't already been said about the game?It's a spiritual successor to Commandos and Desperados, but it doesn't solely rely on nostalgia. The game feels modern, fluent and intuitive. Most importantly, though, it has its own style, look and art direction instead of trying to capitalize more openly on the audience's nostalgia.The developers took the old Stealth Tactic formula and refined it without adding ""the usual stuff"" all modern games seem to feature, read: Leveling systems, persistent or open worlds, branching stories and the like. Add a very well balanced, yet challenging difficulty and the badge system that gives you some incentive to replay the missions and you've got yourself a game that certainly is worth the 40 bucks they're asking for it. More, even."
,Recommended,418240,28353169,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Xiaolong,"Intuitive, fun, and enables you to get creative with how you progress each map. Allows you to play at your pace and your own style, set up different combinations with characters or go all in. Soundtrack and voice acting is amazing. Visually it is exceptionally beautiful and I'm finding it hard to put down. Great game overall, would recommend to anyone."
76561197976660493,Recommended,418240,28244047,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,AllTernative,"I have only played the first mission (aka tutorial) and a few minutes of the second mission. For quite some time I've wanted a new game like Commandos or Desperados. I don't get that nostalgic feeling, but it sure is a great game featuring the same game mechanics. I can only recommend it to fans of the Commandos and Desperados franchise.The art style is lovely, animations are good as far as I can tell, the game runs smooth - only the loading time when entering a mission is a little to long. I'm sure you can combat this when using a SSD.Performance is quite good, but the requirements aren't too challenging either, so yeah.As I cannot say how long the playthrough takes the price might be too high. But like others pointed out in their reviews, you are also paying the development of a type of game, which isn't widely appreciated anymore. But they really made this game with love (you can even choose the audio lines to be in Japanese), so I guess it's okay."
76561197975608591,Recommended,418240,28251253,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,rhizome23,"I'll keep this short, sweet, and stupid.  This game is completely worth buying at full price.  Just try the demo.  So dope."
,Recommended,418240,28247226,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Cloudero,A well crafted stealth game that deserves your attention. There is a free demo that you can try out. It gives you a clear idea of what the game is like.
,Recommended,418240,28231763,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Borg,This game is really Good. Like Commandos Good.  Like Desperados  Good. But its also Good in its own way.  Superb voice acting and great atmosphere. If you enjoy stealth and real time tactics get this game now.
,Recommended,418240,34236105,Posted: 14 August,all,tyrzong,"This is one of the best game I've ever played. All the characters have unique abilities and blends really well with the setting of this game.  All the missions are very fun to play and extremely satifying to complete. What I like about this game is that there are so many different solution to approach each mission; this creates replay value and it also adds to the community aspect of this game. If me and my friends al play this game we can all share how we acomplished each mission and we can compare our methods and try out other people's solution.Over all, this game is definitely worth the money and i highly recommend it."
,Recommended,418240,35127942,Posted: 22 September,all,Hmmt,"Shadow Tactics is one of the most fun games to (basically) come out in 2017.I'll get the short ones out of the way first:The music is gorgeous, especially mission 11.Shadow Tactics' art style is beautiful, and the lighting especially. (on mission 11!!)The voice acting is quality. (at least in the Japanese version)There's quite a few ways to complete each objective, using each character and their skills and many options in terms of getting to certain areas and avoiding guards.Shadow Tactic's storyline is fantastically engrossing and feels very personable towards each character.I would caution buyers on its cpu usage, as it, being a unity game, is incredibly demanding on the CPU and occasionally dips below 60 fps on my GTX 1080/i7 6700 rig on maximum, so beware of that.I will admit, the game was frustrating at times, but this was almost entirely on my inability to see outside of the obvious route, and instead attempting other methods or using other characters' skills.I would honestly say that it is one of the best games I've ever played, specifically within the stealth genre. And I think it takes a really fun and interesting exploration of the genre.9.5/10"
76561198077133900,Recommended,418240,28444359,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,dudestia,"spent 8 hours to not kill anyone, never drop Masaru, not use wagons in the same run, then spend another several hours to kill everyone for celebration."
,Recommended,418240,28250664,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Sultan,"I love this game it's awesome especially forcommandos fans.Love the gameplay, nice graphics, challenging even on Normal diffculty.I want developer to make multiplayer mode too."
76561198067794912,Recommended,418240,31947908,Posted: 25 May,all,Monument2Sin,"Brilliant game! Very impressed and I bought it soon as it came out! FULL PRICE AND IM SO HAPPY WITH IT!It takes the best factors of Desperados and Commandos and builds ontop in an amazing setting.A lot of LEVELS!! That was the bit I was most impressed by.The art is amazing, taking you to amazing settings.The story is great, keeps you engaged and challenges you emotionally.The gameplay is brilliant and you're allowed to finish the mission in any way you like.The level design is brilliant, a lot of hidden spots that offer great strategic play.The Game's challenges keep bringing you back to beat it 100%. High replability."
76561198054901368,Recommended,418240,28234115,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,lukas.oravec,"Great tactical game inspired bu commandos / Desperados. If you liked two mentioned games you'll like this one as well.Must have for fans of this genre.Don't you know commandos series or you're not sure if you'll like it ? Try the demo and have fun playing it. Believe me, you'll like it"
,Recommended,418240,28478664,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Codrenau,Tactical stealth that rewards cresativity and lets you take risks.A game that not only makes save-scuming easy it makes it part of the fun.
76561197960304562,Recommended,418240,28257132,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,warlordje,"Hesitated to buy this game because I didn't trust all the positive day 1 reviews completely, but just finished the first mission and couldn't wait to write a review. As other reviews say, if you're a Commandos fan, get this game. Abilities are well thought out and the 'shadow mode' to prepare simultaneous actions is really good. The game also has beautiful art design, voiced story telling between missions and the japanese voice acting with subtitling really puts you in the mood.This is a game with better quality than a lot of AAA games lately, so support the devs and buy this game. It's not even priced as an AAA game, so don't wait for a sale, it's worth it's money already."
76561198072752736,Recommended,418240,33334152,Posted: 6 July,all,Max,"I must say, one of my favorite games! Nice story, nice dialog and of course the game play. I just wish it was longer (like never ending). That's how much I love this game :)"
,Recommended,418240,30955514,Posted: 4 April,all,Broe,"excellent old fashioned stealth rts, it gives me much joy to see someone make a game very much like desperados which has great nostalgia value for me. Love the game. Highly recommended if you like tactical stealth rts games in the old desperados style."
76561198005347228,Recommended,418240,28426899,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Kibatsu,"Finally a product, which is polished on release! Very polished game mechanics and an amazing art direction incl. the option to have Japanese voice-over. Be warned, the game is fairly hard but also extremely satisfying if you resolve certain situations. Solid strategic puzzle game.Oh, and very nice ofMimimi ProductionsandDaedalic Entertainmentto put up a demo of the game. Made me insta-purchase the game after trying it out.Really well executed game, thanksMimimi Productions!"
76561198006810180,Recommended,418240,28401468,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Holytoast,Biggest surprise of the year.
,Recommended,418240,28250205,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,TedGreen,"I hate this game, its very hard. Developers suggest fast playtime for mission ~ around 15 minutes... I completed mine in 1 HOUR, 44 MINUTES AND 58 SECONDSP.S. This game have actual traces from snow, and they really impact the gameplay, because guards notice these traces... 10/10 would lure in to my samurai trap again with snow traces"
,Recommended,418240,28276720,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Dabs Strudel,"This game is fantastic if you're a fan of strategy and stealth. It's very challenging but extremely forgiving with its lax quick-save/quick-load option when you're trying out strategies. I wish there were more levels, but there is replay value with Hardcore mode and extra challenges. Definitely a must-buy for strategy or stealth fans."
76561198038622566,Recommended,418240,34780720,Posted: 6 September,all,imajor,"Highly recommended, lot of fun.Pros:- nice graphics- good story- good level design, interesting challenges- brings back good old memoriesCons:- shadow mode is good, but it could easily be better if it was allowing to queue up multiple commands per character- I was expecting the game to allow me to manipulate the camera and modify the current commands for my characters while the game is paused.Can't wait for a DLC"
,Recommended,418240,28309098,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Veneficus | Eldereth,This game is now one of my favourite games of all time and I haven't even finished it yet.
,Recommended,418240,30548571,Posted: 16 March,all,Flint Paper,"This is a completely unexpected gem of a game, a spiritual successor to a peculiar little sub-genre of real-time tactics games exemplified by Commandos, Desperadoes, and Robin Hood: Legend of Sherwood. You guide a team of at most five characters through a series of intricately designed stealth playgrounds, using each character's set of skills to accomplish the task at hand. Open combat is always to be avoided, so it's a case of keeping a watchful eye on enemy vision cones and patrol routes in order to isolate and distract or eliminate individual guards.There are some neat touches that make this more than a nostalgia trip. The constantly updating reminder to save your game is actually very helpful - finding the perfect plan usually does involve a bit of trial and error and it's nice that the game respects that. 'Shadow mode', which allows you to plan and execute exactly one move for each character simultaneously, is an elegant mechanic - it avoids the bafflement of overelaborate planning systems, while still allowing you to pull off more complex moves (e.g. the sniper shoots the bell, which distracts the guards, which allows the samurai to take out the guard while the ninja makes a break for a better position). Overall, it feels slightly less cruel than Commandos, without at all feeling dumbed down. Incidentally, the story is surprisingly engaging; the five main characters (a samurai, an experienced ninja, his wannabe student, a courtesan and a crazy old sniper) are consistently charming and likeable. And the hand-drawn Japanese environments are utterly gorgeous!"
76561198045543130,Recommended,418240,29333313,Posted: 18 January,all,FerryMarcellis,The level of polish of this game is really high. All missions are diverse and extremely well executed. Enemies stand at the perfect challenging positions. There is a lot of replayability with the challanges you can complete per mission. If you like stealth assasin type of games this is a must buy.
76561198172377598,Recommended,418240,32805650,Posted: 26 June,all,hamjai,Lovely game. been waiting for something like this since playing commandos ages ago.great strategic gameplay. the only thing thats a little annoying are the repeting voice lines.9.5/10
,Recommended,418240,28305684,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,narked,Throwback to the days of commandos. The game is perfect in every way if you like tactical stealth games. Love it.
76561198219673061,Recommended,418240,32243787,Posted: 7 June,all,Emsikica,"Well, I bought this game because I like stealth elements and Japanese stuff. What else a man could ask for?Started the playthrough on hardcore, finished on hardcore. Puzzles got real intense every once in a while.Anyways, great gameplay, great story, great challenges!10/10, I strongly recommend this game!"
,Recommended,418240,32664346,Posted: 22 June,all,phatass,"The game play is not new, but it's damned well implemented. The story line is good, nothing out of this world. I've been playing this game for 2-3 hrs, and i know already I'm going to spend a lot more...Back in the days I used to play Commandos 2: Men of Courage, and I loved that game. If you're looking for something similar:1: stop reading reviews after this one...2: add this game right now into you shopping cart...3: give these guys your money... now!"
,Recommended,418240,33322447,Posted: 6 July,all,Arn,Great level design and character abilities. All around excellent game!
,Recommended,418240,28271989,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Sinnveyr,"Just try and find a single review for this game that doesn't have the word ""Commandos"" in it.Shadow Tactics: Blades of the Shogun is a very refreshing game. It sparks the same kind of joy in me that I had when I was a child. It's crafted with care and treats the players as intelligent human beings.• Solid package• Great art and sound direction• Gameplay is smooth• Adds much needed features to the old formula (Commandos)• Nearly bug free. I did notice a few but nothing gamebreaking• Challenging enough• Commandos"
76561198032310827,Recommended,418240,29190901,Posted: 11 January,all,ScorpionOwnYa,"This little jewel of a video game got way less recognition at launch than it deserves, and this review is a small step in the effort to remedy that treatment and extend the knowledge of this game to a greater crowd. The developers of this game, Mimimi Productions, strikes me as a very talented team of coders and artists, and I will try to keep up with their future releases. With that said, here's my review of Shadow Tactics: Blades of the Shogun.To summarize, this is a tough but fair strategy game with a fine narrative, polished game mechanics, great replayability and a very well balanced difficulty curve.This game is a beautiful love letter to the real time tactics subgenre of RTS games, taking heavy influence by series like Desperados or Commandos. The game expands on many concepts introduced in these series while addressing certain issues which becomes quite noticable after playing through the game (more on that later on). Essentially, you control a team of up to five individuals at a time with different abilities, strengths and weaknesses, tasked with completing difficult goals on different stages against a huge number of opponents. To succeed, you must carefully plan moves for every character to sneak and assassinate their way through the level. Since this game plays out in real-time from an isometric perspective, much of your time will be spent learning enemy patrol routes and coming up with strategies to get through the guard posts as efficiently as possible, while at the same time keeping all your team members out of enemy hands. It's a daunting task and requires many precise movement at an exact movement in order to work, but the feeling of achievement from completing a hard challenge makes it well worth your struggles.The setting takes place in Japan during the Edo period, when the shogun has successfully united Japan under one banner. The story follows a group of elite soldiers under the shogun tasked with the objective of hunting down the elusive kage-sama; a mysterious entity who seeks to overthrow the shogun, break the peace and revert the land back to a state of civil war. Thus it's up to a stealthy ninja, an honorable samurai, a wild thief, an undercover geisha and an ingenius sharpshooter to complete the missions at hand. The overarching story is simple and even predictable at times, but the small interactions between the characters and the beautiful cutscenes help bringing the narrative together in a satisfying way without interrupting the gameplay. Like every other aspect of a game, the graphics and sound comes down to personal taste. However, I can say that the cel-shaded art style, visual feedback and audio queues complement the game very well and gives a good, distinct view of each of the 13 levels in the game.If this sounds interesting to you, there is a free demo version to download right now from Steam. I hope my review has at least compelled you to try it out.On a more personal note, today marks the day I finished every achievement in the game. This review is my way to say thank you to the developers of this phenomenal game!"
,Recommended,418240,28947327,Posted: 2 January,all,TrueType,"At the first glance this game really catched my interest. I mean, Edo period! Samurai's! Ninjas!Though the price tag held me back... And I had never played a game in this genre before.I decided to download the entire game and completed the first two levels. Then I was COMPLETELY sold and I uninstalled the downloaded copy right away, headed here and bought it on Steam for full price. Now I am at level 8 and I almost cry when I think of level 9 is the last mission. *EDIT* It's 13 levels and I am completely in love with this game!!Now the developers even made a DEMO so that you don't have to download the game like I did in order to try it out. Play the demo!I love the scenery, the humour, and the actors making the voices is really powerful!PLEASE! Give us more content and harder puzzles! This is the best stealth game I've played by far!"
,Recommended,418240,28295487,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Xardas,"If (and not only if) you played good old Desperados, you will love this one."
,Not Recommended,418240,34071904,Posted: 6 August,all,Neuronwake,"Shadow Tactics: Blades of the Shogun is a faithful continuation of the near-dead genre of squad-based tactics games. As others have said, it is most similar to the 90s-era game series Commandos. You control a squad that grows to 5 unique characters, each with their own abilities that you must use together to overcome the enemies ahead of you.If you're familiar with and enjoyed Commandos -- or any other top-down squad tactics game -- then you would probably enjoy this game. That is, you'd at least enjoy the type of gameplay it's trying to re-create. However, as of writing this on the 3rd level, I've come across too many mission-ending bugs that make this game much more frustrating than enjoyable to play. These bugs get in the way of playing the game way too often.As others have said in negative reviews, I was pressing F5 and F8 to quick-save and -load the game so often it was becoming tedious. But, unlike the other reviews, I wasn't pressing F5 and F8 because I was testing tactics to see what stuck; after doing that a couple of times, you get an idea of the usability of the characters' skills enough to know what to do with them. The game also has a pretty linear formula, where each part of a mission has one or two solutions that the game is waiting for you to figure out: there's one order to kill the 5 guards in so they don't see, or you can walk over the house roofs and avoid the conflict. But that is what these kind of games are about, with having a planned solution kind of waiting to be discovered.However, even when you figure it out, the aforementioned bugs come into play. For example, there's a 100% reproducible bug in that if you move a unit and then queue up more moves for them, the first queued move will be skipped. This lead to me failing a mission a handful of times because I would give a unit orders, then leave to give another orders, and he would walk into a guard's view instead of outside the view range. There is also a problem with the isometric camera, in that sometimes you'll click to have a unit hide in a bush beyond a wall but the click will register on the wall, so they will begin moving around the wrong way. There are also the times when you'lll click the edge of the roof to prep a ninja for a drop-attack, only to have them vapidly jump to the ground next to the target guard instead. There are also occurences of guards seeing crouched characters behind cover, when I did the very same thing next quickload and they were undetected. Sometimes guards on the snow level I quit on will see snowy footprints on cleared paths and through bushes.Anyway, the reason I put this game down is that I was doing a part of a mission where you have to distract a group of guards and then pickpocket an item from a civilian. I would keep doing the same run, but had to repetitively load because one or another of these bugs would happen, sometimes sooner into the strategy and sometimes near the end. So, I found my self quicksaving in smaller and smaller increments, anticipating one of the bugs ruining my tactic and getting more and more frustrated before giving up. I had spent 20 minutes throwing myself at the same situation over and over again, and the lack of Quality Control had ended up beating me, not a lack of strategy.If they fix the bugs with queued and synced actions, the AI issues, and make the UI click-through and camera problems, this game is definitely worth it. As it is, it's still quite playable, but you'll have the flow of gameplay broken up with infuriating bugs that require you to keep hitting rewind."
,Recommended,418240,28224808,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Grinx,After trying the demo I was hooked and just had to get the game. It is a great successor to the old commandos and desperados series.
,Recommended,418240,28325955,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Kozonak,"Pro- top notch control on PC- almost no bugs- really good graphics, amazing locations- good music, voice over and ambient sounds- interaction between the characters makes it even better- classic recipe that made the old games good- distorts time a lot (a 2 hour mission will feel like 15 minutes have passed)- multiple ways of doing thingsCons- it ends at some point-Mugen diesCommandos series, Desperados, Star Trek Away Team and Robin Hood are the only tactical games that come to mind. Thing is they are really old and most don't run at all or have issues on modern hardware. The only one that works flawlessly even today might be StarTrek Away Team.So you can imagine how delighted I was when I saw ShadowTactics reviving this genre. No it is not a Commandos clone, it's a tribute. You will not only find references to Commandos but various other games and movies, which is a nice touch.It's the same story with various characters each with its special attacks and perks and I love it. They kept what made the other games great and wrapped it in nice looking graphics, with amazing music and voice over. Control is spot on, it feels like it was made for PC. ~40 hours of playing and zero bugs, I am really impressed. On my second play through I went with Japanese audio and text just for immersion. Not to mention that the story will probably break your heart at some point, and there are very few games that have managed to touch my heart in the same way ST did.It's also the only recent game where I could just do nothing 5 minutes, while waiting for a patrol, and not get bored. Then there are moments when you set up a plan for 3 simultaneous attacks, press Enter and just watch your characters dispose of an entire patrol. Or you can just set up traps with Yuki and have your heart racing not knowing if that second is enough to hide the dead guy.Normal difficulty takes around 20-25 hours to complete. Another 20 maybe to complete it on hardcore and get all the badges and achievements.If ShadowTactics 2 is released tomorrow I will buy it in a heart beat."
,Recommended,418240,29712856,Posted: 5 February,all,Prefrontallesion,"Shadow Tactics: Blades of the Shogun is a delightful resurrection of real-time tactics games. Growing up with the legendary Commandos series (3 doesn't count), I find playing Shadow Tactics a very nostalgic experience. The gameplay is smooth and intuitive to those who are already familiar with the Commandos series, and I believe it is easy to pick up as well for those who are not. Graphics and music are great as well.Particularly thankful is the Japanese audio. The voice actors did a great job and saved me from having to stand its weird-feeling and stereotypical English counterpart. Admittedly the Japanese lines are not perfect -- for instance, Aiko would sometimes use the anachronic word ""ヘアピン"" instead of ""簪"" to refer to her hairpin, but these are trivial matters considering its overall quality.In general, I would say it's a great game and would recommend it to everyone who would like a bit of challenge. I guess real-time tactics games are destined to be compared against Commandos, and I'd say Shadow Tactics meets the benchmark set by its notable predecessor in all regards."
76561198015978312,Recommended,418240,28950150,Posted: 2 January,all,BunkerBuster,for anybody who is a fan of the old commando games or just want a really good strategy game and a very indepth story and dialogue this game is just right for you. the game offers many challenges in all of the maps. a challenge that on first glance on every map may look impossible or very unlikely of completion your first time there. i highly recommend this to any who like challenges or just very good strategy games
,Recommended,418240,29740084,Posted: 6 February,all,Zaji,Do you love the good old Commandos on the PC from way back in the days?Well here you go! Throw in the same game mechanics and add them into Japan during the Edo era!You will NOT be dissapointed!
,Recommended,418240,28446017,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Blargedy,"Phenomenal game. It has the best stealth gameplay I have seen in 15 years. The story is on the bland side, but you really grow to care about the characters. Shadow Tactics has the right amount of difficulty to keep you engaged and make you feel like a badass for beating a challenging section, but not too much to cause you to rage quit in frustration.The only other failing of this game is that it didn't go on for another 200 hours like I want it to."
,Recommended,418240,28519299,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Mhmd_FVC,"The game starts off pretty easy to help you get the hang of the game's mechanics and each character's abilities, but then the difficulty goes pretty high pretty fast (I played on Normal difficulty the entire way through). This, in my experience, has the direct consequence of forcing you to come up with better and better strategies in each level, which can also make them quite long if you take your time to figure out great plans like I did. Still, that really made it feel like the developers milked a lot out of each level, which I found pretty great while playing. Not to mention the various badges for each level, and the achievements. One of the more interesting achievements is the ""Mimimi"" achievement, where you have to kill 16 enemies in the game with weird-looking names that seem to be Japanese versions of the names of some developers. All of these will probably take me a fair amount of extra time added to the ~21 hours it took me to beat the game.Complaints:- the load times were not fun. Taking a minute or two to load a new level is not that bad, since I can just go make tea in the meantime, but each quickload felt like an eternity after it built up. It would be nice if that could be improved.- having additional camera movement to ""tilt"" up or down would be nice, so that you could move between nearly having the camera on the ground, and having it straight above the map. There were some situations where having the camera moved further up would be nice, but as far as I can tell there is no way to do that (if there is then let me know that I'm a dumbdumb).Other than those, I can't really think of major annoyances I had with the game. The storyline was excellent, as was the gameplay. Would recommend to anyone and I already have to two people."
76561198035567893,Recommended,418240,28520478,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,OK-47,"This game is pretty amazing.A solid narritive with great characters, and the gameplay is easy to grasp but full of depth. There are only 13 stages in total, but I spent multiple hours on each, so I'm hardly complaining about length. This is a tough game, but rewarding; for someone who is generally bad at high-pressure games like this it was pretty amazing that I stuck with it all the way to the end, but I think that that's just a testament to how well built the game is even for someone who prefers a more casual experience.Would love to see more in this series, or games that take pages from this one."
,Recommended,418240,28497861,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Pattman,"Incredible.. Just incredible. I love this game!Just finished the story and this is one of my all time favorite games.I didn't find enough negatives for them to be worth mentioning.Definitely recommend playing with Japanese language on.If you have a controller, try it. I found myself switching between mouse/keyboard and my X-Box controller at the later stages of the game.I feel the controller gives you better control of individual characters, but the mouse/keyboard is better for coordination of multible characters."
,Recommended,418240,29356554,Posted: 19 January,all,matmohair1,best strartegy game I've ever played yet. We need more games like this in the future!
76561198042465317,Recommended,418240,28340844,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,hombredequeso,"Good fun!The load times can be frustrating if like me one uses a lot of quicksaves and loads.I'd like to see a feature that enables me to watch a replay of the level which I can speed up and slow down, to see what I've done in one flow rather than the stuttering of saves/loads it takes me to get through a level."
76561198009146918,Recommended,418240,28493143,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Kip68,"Hard, but not too hard. In fact it's perfect. I loved Commandos and Desperados and this game is a great continuation of the genre."
76561198039693935,Recommended,418240,28495993,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,lorifel,"This game was a very pleasant surprise. I expected it to be interesting, but didn't expect it to bring me so much fun, to be that beautiful and the story to be so touchy.My big thanks to the developers! =)"
,Recommended,418240,28422860,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,tejaswy,"Fans of Commandos, rejoice! There is a new kid on the block and the kid is kicking all sorts of rear ends!!I have for long been a great fan of strategy and stealth games. As much as I love my platformers, the biggest place in my heart has been taken up, not by my girl friends deep eyes, or her really delicious curves, but by games like AOE (Age of Empires) Lara Croft, Commandoes, and the like.This game is the newest entrant into that real estate.The maps of the game are brilliantly detailed and even when you die, you would want to come back because, you would not want to accept that you cannot sneak past that stupid guard obstinately standing his ground.Unlike commandoes, there is no monotony in the scenery. Set in the Edo period, you move from fortresses, to lush forests to ice blanketed towns.You can switch characters and control multiple characters at once (for one action) via that shadow mode, and looking at all that happening right in front of your eyes on your very own screen makes you feel like God in control of your own tiny universe.For those of you who loved commandos, nothing should stop you from buying this game!"
,Recommended,418240,28511666,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Squiggles,"I loved Desperados: Wanted Dead or Alive way back when, but there haven't been many similar games in a long time. Thankfully, this game is an excellent addition to the genre.Shadow Tactics is a stealth game in which you control multiple characters from a top-down perspective. You give them commands, like killing a guard, hiding a body in a bush, creating a diversion or laying a trap. Each character has different tools for distracting and taking out enemies and it's a lot of fun coordinating your team to take out multiple targets at once. I was also impressed how likeable the characters are - they are developed through incidental dialogue between each other during missions and both the writing and voice acting are very good.Each level is a puzzle, as you try to navigate it and dispatch guards without being noticed. They are all very distinct, adding new mechanics or giving you combinations of abilities you haven't had before. And many of them have multiple routes or objectives. If you like stealth games and character driven stories, I would recommend Shadow Tactics!"
76561198006304355,Recommended,418240,28435012,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Delyethsan,"There are very few games i like to call challenging, fun, and story rich. Although, i would definetly add this one to my small list. This game is a must to anyone that love challenging stealth games that require you to think before you act to test and perfect strategies!Pros:- the tutorials are not forced- The story was very interesting to follow- The playable characters all have fun unique skills (Every skill is useful too!)- Every mission i was constanly changing and creating strategies- Music and visuals were very nice to hear and look at- Campaign was a good length and I still got lots of different strategies I to try outCons:- It ended! I was enjoying it so much. But like every game, it must come to an end!Just a heads up, I always play on the hardest difficulty from the start! A challenge is always fun!"
76561198011831066,Recommended,418240,28400791,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Morialis,"As a huge fan of Commandos, it's pretty much impossible to dislike this game (the only thing missing is the co-op feature Commandos had, as problematic as it was).  It's a fresh take on everything that made Commandos great, and has a lot of modern improvements and polish (I especially like how much more replayability it has allowing you to take on earlier levels in different, more challenging ways with challenges/badges).If you ever played and enjoyed Commandos, this is a no brainer pick up spiritual successor.  If you have no idea what Commandos is, you can find out what you've been missing out on for free with the lengthy demo and make a choice from there, hopefully discover a great genre you may have missed out on since it's been pretty much dead for awhile until this game came out.I really hope this is only the start of the revival of one of my favorite game types"
,Recommended,418240,28401266,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,爱阔少,"If you are a fan of Commandos series, you should definitely buy this. Even if you are still not sure while seeing so many positive reviews, or you don't know anything about Commandos, go try the demo. (yes this game has a DEMO!!!)I'm not going to talk about the greatness of Commandos, though a lot of fun here comes from the old but never outdated design of Commandos. However Mimimi productions not only managed to revive this genre after so many years, but also add a lot of modern flavours into it, making Shadow Tactics a even better game.- Amazing level design. Every level is heavily guarded. Guards watch over each other, Patrols are grouped by 2 or more, samurais who can counter your sneak attack defend at choke points, Veteran snipers stand on watch towers. It just looks impossible to sneak through at first, but there's always a way, no, several ways. Every level has multiple methods to complete, the story gives you hints, but you can find your own way.- Modern mechanics. There are snow maps where enemy can see your footprints and track you down. And night maps where torch lights can significantly improve enemy sight. And you can kill guards using the environment, shoot a explosive barrel or push a rock on the cliff, making the death look like an accident.- Smart enemy AI. Maybe the best AI I've seen in stealth games. See companions missing? Try search around; See a corpse far away? Raise the alarm before investigating. Patrols always keep together and work as a group. Samurais send normal guards to do the investigation and always hold position themselves, immune to distractions. You can just forget about brutal force, or you'll be killed mercilessly.- Civilians. When spotting you they will shout for help, run to nearby guards and ask them to investigate. There's no penalty to kill them, but really adds a lot of challenge if you are trying a no civilian casuality play.- Badges. If you want more challenges. Speed run, no kill, don't use bushes, don't use certain character, anything you can think of.- Easy-to-use shadow mode and quicksave.- Yeah and execellent Japanese localization and voice acting. If you can understand Japanese."
76561198011515343,Recommended,418240,28583538,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,PrimoSqueaky,This game is awesome!  So happy to have a spiritual successor to Commandos that does the genre proud.  I hope they keep producing more!
76561198084086732,Recommended,418240,28582019,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,pclouds,"You like sneaking around, don't you?You like stabbing people in the back, don't you?You don't want to alert guards and get killed, do you?Then this game is for you."
,Recommended,418240,28584014,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,negativefx,Been waiting for another game like Commandos for a long time.  Shadow Tactics is definitely worth the wait.  Excellent game and deserving of the praise from myself and all the other reviews.
,Recommended,418240,28583666,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,hawxace06,"I didn't even finsh it yet and am enjoying the gameplay immensely. Very polished and fun to play, using each character to their limit with a nice story surrounding the superb gameplay. After reading some other reviews I now want to try out other strategy games like this, and I'm sure they won't top this one. Each map is carefully created to improve and highlight each characters abilities and is visually astounding. Don't judge the game on the video.If you have a doubt wether to buy it when reading these reviews there is always a demo to try.I really hope there is some expansions as I heard the game had a bit of a short story. But I will enjoy every second of it.Please give this one a try, the creators took so much time to create this masterpiece, and they deserve it."
76561198035570312,Recommended,418240,28581446,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Starlite Macintosh,"I will try to keep this biref and to the point.The images and video on Steam do not do this game justice.So much loive and attention has gone in to the making and creating of Shadow Tactics.You an see it in even the smallest detail like walking through a puddle can give your characters location away to the enemy, little things like that.The art style & sounds are brilliant. My favourite sound is when the ninja sneaks up behind a guard and runs him through with his blade (so squishy)The shadow feature which enables you to set up real time combined moves for your warriors is a very clever feature.If you enjoy real time squad based 3rd person tactical games then you need to have this in your library.It has everything - explosions, swords, ninja stars, traps, guns.Worth every cent and I hope the devs get the recognition they derserve, Because they have created something really special."
,Recommended,418240,28345521,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,o4zloiroman,"A love song to tactical stealth game genre in general, and Commandos in particular. If you're into either of those, and like  — or at least tolerate — Japanese setting, then this game is a must buy. There's very little to not to adore about it. And if you're still in doubt, just check the demo. It doesn't lie."
,Recommended,418240,29038560,Posted: 5 January,all,Capn' Treehugger,I loved every bit of this game. It has a beautiful story and how relationship of the characters grow over missions was a fun thing to play through.
76561198039128467,Recommended,418240,31951632,Posted: 25 May,all,Tramadol,"Best real-time stealth game I've played in years.  I was instantly grabbed in the first mission.  Great game mechanics and level design.  While it's starting to get harder, I've never had the feeling of being ""cheated"".  Anytime I die, it's from a mistake I've made.  Also nice to be able to approach missions from different angles.  There isn't a set way to finish a mission.  Top notch stuff!"
,Recommended,418240,29110843,Posted: 8 January,all,vczh,"I bought this game right after it releases. New games always has many bugs, but this game is a good game, except that the Chinese translation is so bad.If you like playing stealth games, you should buy it, and play in English with Japanese voices. It's worth the price."
,Recommended,418240,28284592,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,WildStride,If you loved commandos then this is right up your alley and more10/10 will quicksave again
,Recommended,418240,28556203,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,st4lk3r87,Pros+ Impressive UI/UX+ Design and graphics of every mission is great!+ Some missions can be solved in different ways+ Good characters+ Customizable controls+ All character's skills are important ( No redundant skills )+ Japanese voices optionCons- Everytime you load a level for The first time you need to wait 1 or 2 minutes ( they added a little advice during the loading but that's not a fix imo )- I've never seen my computer heating so much ( it looks like there's something wrong with optimization )- English voices are terrible ( I'm playing the entire game with japanese voices )
76561197971085056,Recommended,418240,31929985,Posted: 23 May,all,AK47Sasquatch,"This is a great strategy game.  Strategy at your own pace, never feels rushed like a RTS Starcraft type.  All the characters are unique with useful abilities, and each is fun it their own right.  I never felt like I got fixated on using just one character.  Each level is a puzzle you can defeat in many different play styles, with a large number of ways to sleep/kill/hide enemies.  If you played Jagged Alliance: Back In Action, and enjoyed it at all, you will love this game.  It does the tactical strategy thing much better.  If you're still on the fence, give the demo a spin, It got me hooked."
,Recommended,418240,32163843,Posted: 3 June,all,OliverOA,This game is excellent. Very well balanced and keeps itself fresh through slight changes between each mission that make a big strategic impact. I haven't had any problems graphically and I've played this on my main PC (Radeon 280X) and my laptop (GTX 1050Ti). Would reload my save 300 times to pull off the perfect execution again.
76561198110447203,Recommended,418240,29533871,Posted: 27 January,all,My Mom says I'm Special,This was a fantastic game of stealth.  The story was very engaging and the characters were wonderfully voice-acted.  The story had me interested all the way till the end.  The character of Mugen was especially well written.  I would definitely recommend getting this game even if you aren't normally into stealth games.  I give this game a 9 out of 10. Defintely worth the money.  The replay value is high to since there are many ways to solve each area.
,Recommended,418240,28258833,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,wakekewakoko,"This game made me waste my time. Time I could have used for something else.And that means yes, I really love this game. It's like playing Desperado again!"
,Recommended,418240,28259067,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,[82DK]xXxMLGxXxNoScoPe360xXx,Very enjoyable game in the same thread as Commandos and Desperados. I haven't found any major issues so far. The game seems to provide a good challenge even on normal difficulty.
,Recommended,418240,28318157,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,oskr989,"I know everybody is saying this: ""Commandos / Desperados fans, rejoice"", but yes, please do.And not only it is a good ""spiritual successor"" to the Commandos franchise (which I understand the dev - Pryo Mobile - is working on a sequel, but for smartphones - no thank you), it excels in every possible way:- Level design.- Difficulty.- Good writing / voice acting.- Replayability (sure I'm coming back for all those badges).- Nice art direction.- Optimized.- Playable demo.If you are a hardcore RTS fan, please make yourself a favor and buy this game, you WILL NOT be disappointed."
,Recommended,418240,28321239,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,adityasitumeang,commandos in japan!
,Recommended,418240,28243623,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Raqoon,"If you love stealth or this kind of games like commandos, desperados, robin hood, you should definitely buy it. This game is the reborn of a genre. And i really hope we can see this type of games often."
76561197962147937,Recommended,418240,28401421,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,chimp,"This game is simply incredible. Easily one of the best stealth games ever made, and that's hard for me to say considering I love the MGS series and think Splinter Cell Chaos Theory is one of the best games of all time. 10/10, full breakdown below.Pros:GAMEPLAY 10/10 - This is some of the most brilliant gameplay I have ever played in any game, period. In no other game have I sat and watched guards patrolling and memorizing their patterns for 5+ minutes, all without doing anything, and all while being absolutely 100% absorbed and enthralled. Eliminating an enemy requires finesse and timing, with emphasis on the latter. Each character has a few abilities that when you first use them don't seem very spectacular but they all are immensely useful in different situations, and there are endless ways and situations to combine their different unique talents.Often times the margin of error is so slim, you will have literally half a second to sprint past an enemy guard who briefly turns the other way, and then a mere two seconds to execute another guard and drag his body into the nearby bush before the THIRD guard who is patrolling walks back into view. Studying the enemy movements and then sucessfully killing them(or sneaking by them) is immensely satisfying, more so than in any game I can think of.LEVEL DESIGN 10/10 - The levels are huge for a game where you can be stuck on 3 guards for half an hour. There are whole sections of levels I have beaten that I completely avoided the first time around, but look forward to exploring another time. The levels are also the perfect balance of linear and open ended - they are mostly open, but are designed in such a way that you are encouraged to go in a certain direction generally. With the exception of the first level, which is the most linear(and is mainly a tutorial and is nowhere near the quality of the rest of the game), there are nearly endless ways to complete each mission.STORY 7/10 - This is not a game where the story needs to be important, the meat of the game is in it's gameplay and level design. That being said, the story is definitely adequate, if not above average. It's unlikely to invoke any strong emotions, but it's definitely interesting enough that I paid attention and actively followed along, unlike games where the story is so bad that you just want to skip it and continue playing. The characters all have different relationships with each other, but there isn't enough ""screen time"" for any real meaningful interaction or true character development. Once again though, this game was never intended to be about the story.SOUND 10/10 - The voice acting(at least the Japanese, didn't play with English voices) and especially the sound design are phenomenal. Definitely professional voice actors, who speak with real emotion in their voice. The sound design is second to none - perfect little touches such as a slight twang from the (historical Japanese instrument) right after you pull off a knife kill add immensely to the ambience and overall ""ninja"" feel of the game. The regular sound effects are also excellent, all the gun shots, cannon booms, and clanging swords sound very real.MUSIC 9/10 - The music is mostly very ambient and fits the mood and feel of the game perfectly. That being said, most of the tracks weren't especially memorable.REPLAYABILITY 8/10 - I haven't actually quite finished the game yet, but already I can see it definitely has replay value.As I mentioned earlier, most levels have whole sections you can completely avoid and alternate routes to take. Each mission also has around 9 non-essential objectives, such as ""complete the level without going in the water."" Some of these are very hard and I can imagine would take extreme dedication. There are also steam achievments. On top of that, there is the option to replay levels only using stealth, or non-lethal methods, or even run and gun in full alert mode if you wanted to.POLISH 9/10 - I have yet to encounter any critical bugs, the only ones I've seen were extremely minor and didn't affect the immersion or even cause me to reload. Characters will get stuck on each other if you tell them to move simultaneously sometimes, and that's really about it.Only complaint(minor spoiler) - There is a level where there is an open battle as friendly forces assault a castle, and you have to sneak inside while the battle is raging. If you kill a guard in this level, the enemies treat it the same as the other levels, even though there are cannons booming and shots firing and corpses everywhere. They will suddenly react to the guard you killed like it is 100 times more important than the war going on all around them, and will begin searching for you, and call multiple reinforcements. Even if you snipe one of the guards being visibly shot at by the friendly forces they freak out and all begin searching for who could have shot that one guy. Definitely doesn't make sense, and I think they missed an opportunity for this to be a level where guards ignore corpses/death more than normal, considering what is happening all around them. All this being said, this level in question is still extremely good, and this isn't a big deal at all to me anyway. This is as of right now my only actual complaint with the game, which shows how amazing of a game it is overall."
,Recommended,418240,29346185,Posted: 18 January,all,AncientToaster,"I think I've played a sufficient amount of this title to review it. 21 hours so far and I've been thoroughly challenged, frustrated and stumped on several occasions. Shadow Tactics is great despite all of that. This game demands two things from the player: Patience and Perseverance. If you're a veteran of real time tactical games such as the Commandos series (which I was not) then you will feel right at home with the gameplay system. The best way I can describe this to newcomers is an isometric Splinter Cell. It's also similar to a puzzle game. The puzzle being the mission objectives and the Guards who are there to hamper your progress. You are given different characters who have varying skill sets to dismantle the mission and come away victorious. Not every mission will be finished cleanly, efficiently or even in a timely manner, but it's all part of learning the game and overcoming the increasingly difficult challenges that await you. Each mission builds upon layers of complexity and at times it will seem absurdly punishing, but I haven't played a game in a long time that made me think outside the box, and to not stubbornly brute force my way through a situation.Gameplay aside, Shadow Tactics comes packaged with a strong set of interesting characters, decently told story, great voice work, pleasant music and tight mission design. The Japanese setting and time period are handled well and create an interesting backdrop to a game design that is normally reserved for modern war history. The developers made it work, and it's refreshing to play a well crafted game from a smaller studio that hits all the right notes. I have had no technical issues with the game either, which is just icing on the cake.Before going out to the store page to purchase this game, I recommend the demo. Despite my praise, this game is definitely not for everyone. The challenge can be a bit much, and those that are easily frustrated may end up disappointed. Players that can sit back and learn from their mistakes are in for one of the best new games on PC."
,Recommended,418240,28596350,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Sharktopus |ϟ|,"'Shadow Tactics: Blades of the Shogun' is like 'Tenchu: Return from Darkness' and 'Satellite Reign' had a baby.It is a wonderful tactical strategy game with strong emphasis on stealth. Be warned: it is rock hard, it is not turn based and there is no action pause!The setting is great, the playable character variety is good, the UI is clean, the controls are responsive and the voice acting is fantastic!"
76561198104341003,Recommended,418240,29145600,Posted: 9 January,all,ctarl,"Finished the game, my brain melted along the way doing so. Tactics to succeed requires endless loads to do it again and again and towards the end civilian lives didn't matter to me anymore -_-;; Looks cool in youtube for someone to clear stuff in hardcore but please do yourself a favor and don't do that for the first time, normal difficulty recommendation is not there for nothing. Story was pretty good with nice, yet disadvantageous plot towards the end but that made it more fun now that it was made like so. 5/5 but won't play again since the normal difficulty was already a challenge for a simple thinker like me."
76561197965990517,Recommended,418240,28578342,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,ProZ,"Liked :- Solid Gameplay- Great Settings / ambience + Music- Lovable Characters- Great Voice Over ( japanese one )- Dual Audio- Good amount of challenges for replay value- the feeling after doing a quad kill with shadow modeDisliked- Some weird movement when you try to drop something over a ledge- First loading is freaking long- unable to tie up people- Tanuki + whistle combo , way too strong- Not enough Mission !!!! need Moaaaarrrr- Not Good for my OCD ( spend 5 h on the mission before last dragging corpse around , because i don t like leaving corpse out in the open ! )OverallGreat game , Great experience 9/10"
76561198113050875,Recommended,418240,28582731,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,B2G.unCLE-Dr3w,I can't stop playing this game. It's awesome!Characters are very well written. The soundtracks are good and they also included Japanese voice! The gameplay is what made this game 10/10.
,Recommended,418240,28252001,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,[◣╬◢] flamer927,"this game remind me of commandos series i been play for years. i like concept design, graphic, mechanic gameplay  almost same like commando but certain different and story are the most important in this game. i highly recommended for all commando fan can try this game but the price yea little bit expensive but i totally enjoy this game...i hope they gonna make new commandos series.... {maybe]"
76561198065598217,Recommended,418240,28348027,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,ES_Lrateke,"The devs nailed here!This game is incredible, from the theme (Edo period of Japan is fascinating) to the graphic style, sound and gameplay; everything is so well connected that it hook you in and you can't let it go. You have control of 5 different characters, each one with it's unique abilities and you must chose them creatively in order to progress stealthily through well design levels.I won't spoil anything, just want to say that this game is a gem. Grab it, you deserve it for yourself!"
76561198152241482,Recommended,418240,28334013,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,ryanfox.osg,"A great game. If like me, you are a fan of games like Desperados, Commandos or Robin Hood, and have been looking for a similar title for years, this is it. Challenging, beautiful and very fun. Absolutely love it."
76561197990386681,Recommended,418240,28345603,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Axelorio,I've been waiting for a game like this since early 2000 when I played the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of Desperados: Wanted Dead or Alive. If you loved Desperados (the first one since the rest was♥♥♥♥♥♥imo) then you're probably going to love this too.
,Recommended,418240,28365784,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Reload,"Pretty awesome game. Enjoyed every minute. The game is very well designed, it has lots of fun. =)"
76561198054538711,Recommended,418240,28405994,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Preceptorbat,"Excellent game, great mechanics, vocal work and effective characters. If you've played the Commandos series, you're going to love this game.Commandos series was my favorite, this is a pure nostalgia trip for me."
76561198008890534,Recommended,418240,28309759,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,HumanError,"This game was an amazing suprise.  It's a tactial stealth, where timing is everything.  Each level feels like a giant knot you are trying to undo by assasinating guards.  The store is a bit linear, but each level has a number of different ways of completing it.Grab the demo, and play the first level.  If you like it, the rest of the game will be right up your ally.  You can even continue off from the same place as the demo which is a nice touch."
,Recommended,418240,29206555,Posted: 12 January,all,Lordnine,"A truly excellent stealth puzzle.  Throughout the campaign, difficulty ramps up significantly but you never feel overwhelmed.  One of the greatest assets of the game is that many interactions go beyond simple swords and daggers.  Push a bolder and it will crush enemies below.  Throw a rock at a cow and it might become angry enough to kick an enemy standing behind it.  All of these things make the levels feel organic and fun to explore.  In truth you rarely have to use these more exotic solutions, but the fact that they are available elevates the game into a bit of a sandbox experience.The gameplay of Shadow Tactics is great but what also really impressed me is how fleshed out and likeable the characters are.  Throughout each missions, the varied cast of characters exchange quips and expound backstory with each other, all of it natural with some very good voice acting."
76561197991921781,Recommended,418240,28245596,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Stroganov,"True successor to the Commandos genre. Expensive, but these Devs deserve your support."
76561197993434702,Recommended,418240,28417450,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Dirk Diggler,"I played the demo (demo right amazing these days) for about 30 minutes and quit, because I was certain I had to had this game. I have to say it is amazing, the strategy, the fantastic artwork, and the skills each character brings to the table. If you are on the fence about this, I don't know why...how many other games on Steam have a 97% positive user review rate with 800+ reviews?"
76561198042672611,Recommended,418240,28337543,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Shiranui,It's really ****ing good.Only con would be the initial load to each level can take eons.
76561198044165027,Recommended,418240,28362984,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Ponto,"A brilliant revival of a criminally neglected genre. The story and characters are engaging, the level designs are beautiful and challenging. Even the soundtrack comes across as typically japanese yet Commandos-esque. You can tell a lot of love went into making this game. A must have for Commandos/Desperados fans, and well worth the asking price."
76561198008896344,Recommended,418240,28284951,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Ironsides,Obligatory Text. Game was good. Would stay up until four in the morning playing again.
76561198065241730,Recommended,418240,28320930,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,AurumWeaver,"I never played the original Commandos, but I can safely say that Shadow Tactics is an excellent stealth/strategy game that definively deserves its great ratings. The game is hard yet rewarding, surprisingly complex and not repetitive at all, with a level-design that's been extremely well-thought and a superb and diversified artistic design.Buy this gem. Try the demo before (it's free after all), and you should be convinced."
76561198005911451,Recommended,418240,28799011,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Panda_Warrior,"This is a rare diamond, don't miss it. An exellent real time infiltration game with some nice depth and a enchanting atmospher. Play it directly on hardcore for maximum fun."
76561197998424112,Recommended,418240,28288375,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,No5,A very well made game that's a must play for commandos / desperados fans. Shame it got little to no buzz
,Recommended,418240,32212064,Posted: 5 June,all,Maximus Prime,"By far, one of the best games I have played in a long time.  It reminds me of when I first played Metal Gear Solid in the Playstation, but with more refined graphics and during a japanese era.  The gameplay is all about tactical mission sneaking in and through countless settings filled with enemies and innocent bystanders who will cowardly call you out, as well.  The colors, the buildings and architecture designs are just beautiful as well as the music for the gameplay.  I am hoping that the developers will either continue this game through gamepack additions or make a new game just like this one and with different characters.  No additional money to be spent here, once you purchase the game, you're left alone.  I'll be replaying this game for sure.  Highly recommended!"
76561197971000973,Recommended,418240,32183041,Posted: 4 June,all,In_SAN3_FranK,"One of the best squad base stealth game ive played since the commandos series, if not he best.It as many similarities to commandos gameplay.Characters complete each other, shadow mod allow you to register one move for every character you chose and execute all their move in the same time ( after pressing ""enter"" ), allowing a impressive mechanic of simulaneous assassinations that sometime is very usefull.Nice gameplayNice storyNice Artistical directionMarvelous Level designTry it , youll be hook."
,Recommended,418240,32836053,Posted: 26 June,all,Elemhunter,"Solid game. Enemy AI is a bit ruthless at times and you'll find yourself making a lot of costly mistakes, but that's part of the genre. Could use a map maker, though. It also needs to go on a 50%+ sale, since this game got like zero advertising."
76561197970534088,Recommended,418240,31929444,Posted: 23 May,all,Blue,"I don't write a lot of reviews, but I've played decades of games, and this one stands out as a rare convergence of unique play, good story telling, solid artwork, and fluid UI design. I could say it's like commandos, but it takes everything that worked in that series and moves it forward. I will keep an eye on this developer. They know how to craft a great experience!"
,Recommended,418240,32844009,Posted: 26 June,all,NightytFoxy,One of Best Game acquired so far! Thank you Summer Sale haha!Nice Storyline and Gameplay Mechanics! Wish More level to play! :)
,Recommended,418240,32927312,Posted: 28 June,all,K5TRL™,"Unbelievably gorgeous game!Great story telling, great maps and - most importantly and surprisingly - incredibly awesometacular stealth gameplay!I did not expect a stealth game to work like this, with a top-down view and different characters and skills...like, ""what the hell? Chaos Theory is the pinnacle of stealth gameplay!"", said me before I played the game.My suggestion is that you try out the demo and see how good this actually works. Thank GOD there was a demo, never would've touched it otherwise! :DAND the game was developed by Germans from my very hometown! Gotta support that, especially in case of such awesome quality!"
76561198379999336,Recommended,418240,32963994,Posted: 28 June,all,MrXinom,If you take Commandos added with ninja and samurai!
76561198114821376,Recommended,418240,32916963,Posted: 28 June,all,loganbrett27,"Definitely reccomend.  Awesome stealth strategy game that has a nice variety of tactics and options to solve each mission.  Initial playthrough on normal difficulty is worth it alone; badges, hard modes, and speed runs make the game more than worth the price.  Nice music and story round out a very solid product."
,Recommended,418240,32894881,Posted: 27 June,all,//✪Aeon✪\\,Awesome game !
,Recommended,418240,31030226,Posted: 8 April,all,Chaindrop,Amazing stealth game. Hoping for a sequel.
76561198052306078,Recommended,418240,32855413,Posted: 27 June,all,nini.87,"An utterly enjoyable, beautifully crafted game.The characters are well written and their abilities balanced; the levels are challenging ad interesting; the art style goes hand to hand with the pleasant Japanese atmosphere.This game will frustrate the hell out of you but then it will make you feel like the god of tactics.It's time well spent!"
,Recommended,418240,33276021,Posted: 5 July,all,Octavian,"As someone who grew up on Commandos, this is a wonderful find. Each level is beautifully crafted and, unlike Commandos, the escalating challenges feel more natural than arbitrary.You'll find yourself trying again and again to get the right combination of moves, attacks and distractions to get across the maps. Shadow Tactics embraces the quick save/quick load mechanism without shame and is better for it.The characters and their stories are so well done and you really come to love each one. I highly recommend this game for fans of Commandos and stealth strategy."
,Recommended,418240,29348325,Posted: 18 January,all,Keyrock,"Many years ago there was a genre of gaming where you controlled a small squad of characters in real time from an isometric perspective and led them through levels where you must employ stealth since you are heavily outnumbered and stand no chance in a straight up battle.  The most well known series in the genre was Commandos, but there was also the Desperados series and Robin Hood: Legend of Sherwood.  These games were tactical and hard as nails.  Then, nearly 15 years ago, the genre mostly disappeared and it seemed it was dead.Along came Shadow Tactics: Blades of the Shogun in 2016.  Would this mark the revival of the genre?  Also, could Shadow Tactics live up to the standard of excellence set forth by the Commandos series (the first two games, at least)?  Only time can answer the first question, but the answer to the second question is a resounding YES!Shadow Tactics takes place in Japan around the Edo Period.  In the game you control a group of 5 characters, each with their own unique set of abilities.  As is customary in this genre, you are always heavily outnumbered and must use stealth, planning, timing, and deception to achieve your goals.The campaign is divided into 13 missions and it took me just under 35 hours to complete it.  Keep in mind that I game slowly so my completion times tend to be longer than the average.The game is played from an isometric perspective and you can rotate the camera freely to get a better view of things.  Patience, planning, and timing are key here.  This is not a game you can rush through unless you have the levels memorized and you are extremely good at this sort of game.  You will need to use your team's full complement of abilities to lure, distract, separate, thin out, or bypass the ranks of the enemies on the way to your ultimate goal.  As you get further into the game the challenges get tougher and tougher, requiring many moving parts and increasingly razor thin timing to overcome.  To help you along, the team at Mimimi Productions included Shadow Mode, a tool where you can queue up one command for a character that you can execute later by pressing Enter.  You can assign a Shadow Mode command to as many characters as you like and when you press Enter they will all execute their commands simultaneously.  It's a great tool and very necessary to bypass some obstacles.  This is a game where you will fail a lot.  To that end, you can quicksave (or manual save, for that matter) at any time and as often as you like.  The game even includes a timer near the top of the screen that changes color after a while and warns you that you haven't saved in a while.  You can, of course, turn this timer off, but it's a great reminder to save often, very often.What impressed me most about this game is the level design.  Simply put, Shadow Tactics has the best level design I have seen in any game in many years.  The level environments are expertly crafted and enemy placements and patrol routes are cleverly designed to present challenges that seem impossible at first but nevertheless have multiple solutions.  The enemy AI is also quite solid and they respond in a fairly logical manner when they discover a missing guardsman, or that they've been knocked unconscious previously, or that they see tracks in the snow.Visually, the game looks great.  While it's not going to win any awards for visual fidelity, the game has a really nice aesthetic that's consistent and well executed throughout.  There are also a lot of little details in both the visual design and the animations that are not essential but really great to see.  Mimimi Productions put a lot of attention into the game's design.The game also sounds really good.  You have the option to use English or Japanese voice acting.  I can't comment on the quality of the Japanese dialogue, since I don't speak the language, but the English voice acting is all quite solid.  The soundtrack is high quality and perfect for the setting.  Nothing truly memorable, but everything of high quality.The story is nothing to write home about, but it does it's job decently enough of giving your characters an excuse to go on the adventures that they do. There are some twists along the way and some emotional moments.  Nothing that would win an award for writing, but competent enough.True to its predecessors, Shadow Tactics is very hard.  There are 3 difficulty settings: Beginner, Normal, and Hardcore.  I can't speak for Beginner or Hardcore, since I played through all the missions on Normal, but I can say that Normal difficulty is extremely hard, as it should be.  It's hard, but it's fair.  I never felt like the game was using cheese tactics to cheat me.  When I failed, and I failed A LOT, I failed because I either made an execution error or my plan was faulty.  There were challenges where I failed and reloaded over a dozen times until I got the execution and timing just right or I went back to the drawing board and came up with a better plan.  There are also extra challenges you can, but are not required to, achieve.  Plus, I added other challenges of my own as I role played my characters.  For example, at the very beginning I told myself I would kill no civilians ever.  There was a level I decided to kill every single soldier, even going out of my way to do it.  There was a level I decided to kill no one, not even soldiers.  I had reasons for all of these which I will not reveal because spoilers.  You don't have to follow these rules, you can kill civilians if you like and that will make some challenges a little easier, though the game will still be quite hard.  I do intend to go back and try some of the missions on Hardcore difficulty, just to see if I can crack the puzzles on the ultimate level of difficulty, but that may be beyond my abilities.  I was quite proud of myself for just being able to beat the game on Normal.Overall, Shadow Tactics: Blades of the Shogun is a triumph.  This game not only brings back the real-time, isometric, stealth tactics genre, it does so in style.  I came into this game hoping it could be nearly as good as Commandos and Desperados.  Shadow Tactics blew all my expectations out of the water and cemented itself as a classic all its own.  I would wholeheartedly recommend this game to anyone that played and liked the older games I mentioned and to anyone that likes tactical stealth gameplay and ruthlessly hard but fair challenges."
76561198009305108,Recommended,418240,28409159,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Faravahar1200,Perfect game for any stealth fan  who enjoys thinking a lot about his next move of how to carry on the mission also this game it has  best detail  story ever.I
,Recommended,418240,29093849,Posted: 7 January,all,BOT Andre,"It's rare that I beat a game, but that wasn't the case for Shadow Tactics. It's just the right length, reasonably challenging, and very rewarding. A+"
76561197969655186,Recommended,418240,29245199,Posted: 14 January,all,StenchMaster,"You know your in for trouble when a game displays a timer informing you how long its been since you last saved.A great game with plenty of moments when you find yourself stopping and asking, “How the f#*k am I going to complete this next section?”.Storyline:Excellent. Compelling.Music:Excellent. No need to turn it off.Sound Effects:Excellent.Gameplay:Excellent. Good fun, with bunch of well rounded characters.Computer AI:Excellent. The best I’ve played against to date. I wish all strategy/stealth games had AI this good. In fact you can tell it’s been dumbed down in some areas so the game isn’t impossible.Controls:Excellent. Well thought out.Gametime:Good. Each level will take anywhere from 1.5 hrs to 3 hrs to complete (first playthrough). 13 levels in total.Difficulty:Challenging (even on normal difficulty). Patience is a virtue so they say.Achievements:If you’re a glutton for punishment, try and get them all. I won’t be.Bugs:None. It just works.Price:Worth the price tag, but I’d still recommend waiting for it to be on sale before grabbing a copy.Score:10/10"
76561198030322755,Recommended,418240,29123457,Posted: 8 January,all,yellowwducky,"Its been a long time since I have played something as great as this.  Shadow Tactics is just fantastic fun.  At first I was finding it exceedingly difficult but after finding my feet (or uh, Yuki's little trap), it is just a hoot to play.  Each area requires stealthy planning.  There are multiple ways to get objectives achieved and interesting challenges.  It is absolutely worth trying the demo to see what you think and certainly to my mind worth the money to buy it outright."
76561197972436745,Recommended,418240,31926398,Posted: 23 May,all,HollywoodGarage,This game is fun and very long. 10+ stages @ 2h each. Very good for casual gaming at a 3-4 stages @ week rate.
,Recommended,418240,29287647,Posted: 15 January,all,urea,best game you've never heard of
76561198027936340,Recommended,418240,33866426,Posted: 28 July,all,RecklessRussian,"Absoulutely must have game if you are into any sort of strategy games... I like xcom2 and darkest dungeon a lot, and this game is a fresh view on strategy tactics. Its kinda dark tho... ok that was lame, but seriously...this game is a blast and I would give it a solid 9/10"
,Recommended,418240,28449131,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,B Nice,"A really enjoyable Commandos-like. Varied mission design, solid stealth mechanics and likeable characters made this a welcome surprise. Well executed shadow-mode take downs were so damn satisfying."
76561197970115984,Recommended,418240,28449451,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Alistair,"Epic game is epic, especally if you loved old games like Desperados!"
76561198124153975,Recommended,418240,28447998,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Biff Bifferson,"Excellent game in all areas, for $40 you cant go wrong. Do yourself a favor and at the very least try the demo. I think everyone here will agree, you will love this game. Would make an awesome stocking stuffer for you or a friend.  :)"
76561198011765031,Recommended,418240,29131462,Posted: 8 January,all,theslymer,"Little puzzle after puzzle. You have to just keep solving what the Mimimi team has put together with the character abilities they've given to you. Sometimes they are easy, sometimes they require very tight timing. You get used to using certain characters and then you have to adapt when they aren't available.What a fun game that I couldn't stop playing until I finished it. A solid 30+ hour experience."
,Recommended,418240,28252142,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Rory,This takes me back to the good old days.
,Recommended,418240,32324212,Posted: 10 June,all,Someone Else,Need to kill this guard because he is guarding the other guard that I gotta kill. But hey there's another guard guarding this guard who's also guarding the other guard that I gotta kill. Oh wait there's 4th guard guarding this guard who's guarding other guard that's guarding the guard who's also guarding the guard I gotta kill. Great I just noticed there's a 5th guard that's guarding this guard that's guarding other guard who's guarding the guard ♥♥♥♥ this review I'm done10/10
76561197995048618,Recommended,418240,33954817,Posted: 1 August,all,sharfshooter,"I played 3 mission so far, it is enjoyable. It is easier version of Comandos imo. There are cool tricks except of player skills. If you did like Comandos or Desperados, i think you will like this game"
,Recommended,418240,31929148,Posted: 23 May,all,Xynithos,"Fun, looks nice and the voice acting is pretty good. Oh and NINJAS!!! Can't go wrong with ninjas"
76561198009795235,Recommended,418240,28245202,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Deutschi,"I loved to play Commandos and Desperados back in the days. Now I finally got a new game of that type. Really well made and challenging so far, I enjoy it very much and can recommend it to everyone who likes tactical games. A free demo is also available, which is an awesome gesture."
76561197967004014,Recommended,418240,29738359,Posted: 6 February,all,[$bKcM$] shanstafari,"If you liked Commandos, you'll love this."
76561198164282919,Recommended,418240,28250390,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Xlackn,"This game shoes similar game of Commandos series, but with different art, different atmosphere, and different style. The voice acting bring the characters well. I'm just buy it right away after seing the trailer to support fellow developer who bring this nostalgic and high quality strategy gameplay."
76561198022632025,Recommended,418240,28245121,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,stick900,"I love these old school stealthy/take down games! Ever since Commandos 2 came out back in 2001. So few of these games have been made over the years which I always found surprising. I was very excited for this game when I discovered its existence. If you like sneaking around & removing the enemies pieces from the chess board in a sometimes comical way, then you should try out this little puppy. Its great for those who are under house arrest, guaranteed time killer."
76561197961211546,Recommended,418240,28415268,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Badly Burned Albanian Boy,The reason this has overwhelmingly positive reviews is because people who buy this game are into this type of game.  If you don't like slow tactical stealth games then this simply isn't for you and i would say avoid it.  If using your brain more than your reflexes is something you like this game is just outstanding.
76561198011118558,Recommended,418240,33699066,Posted: 21 July,all,MrWeedHead,Quick Save/Load Simulator 2k17
76561198003528144,Recommended,418240,34545703,Posted: 27 August,all,dickcheese,"Reminds me of the old commandos games, but with more depth.  Sometimes it seems quite hard, but there is a great deal of satisfaction felt when I realise I understand a level and can finish it.  Personally I cant see any faults, a great stealth / strategy game."
76561198095960995,Recommended,418240,29069085,Posted: 6 January,all,TurboRacoon,"Amazing Real-time Strategy, varied characters, and interesting stealth mechanics and abilities. And hard. Very hard. This game is really fun if you like stealth or strategy games. Definetly give the free demo a try!"
76561197993493467,Recommended,418240,29078500,Posted: 6 January,all,Mung,"If you are frustrated, you are not paying enough attention. Great game.Everything about this game is well executed. The puzzle aspect of it feels like peeling back layers, and it stays enjoyable throughout.Play the demo, pay full price; your shogun needs you."
76561198063279961,Recommended,418240,28334872,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Elwinaidus,No early access BS.No pre-order bonus BS.No DLC BS.10/10And its an epic game for those who love games likeCommandos and Desperados.
,Recommended,418240,34171781,Posted: 11 August,all,Castle,A very good game! Hours feels like seconds and I can to think of many different ways to play each mission!!
76561198030905749,Recommended,418240,34267693,Posted: 15 August,all,Yi,"Awesome game. Must be played.The ""Overwhelmingly Positive"" is very true"
,Recommended,418240,34338040,Posted: 18 August,all,Irrumatio,This game is polished as hell and fantastic if you like stealth games. Try the free demo!!
76561197977910777,Recommended,418240,33985453,Posted: 2 August,all,Tombastic,This game is so well put together.  Seriously.  The tactical aspect keeps you on your toes the whole time.  Your characters have growth and sometimes funny personalities and it folllows throughout the game.   I would recommend this to anyone that likes to have a little challenge and kill guards with throwing stars.  Sake anyone?
76561198125474911,Recommended,418240,34021488,Posted: 4 August,all,Lord Kyronious,"Anazing game, great art work just outstanding"
,Recommended,418240,34085488,Posted: 7 August,all,marble,"Outstanding little gem - it's been a few years since I had so much fun with a stealth game.I do NOT get the hate that some reviews direct at it - especially not regarding the need to use quicksave frequently.-> This is how the whole game is designed! It actually reminds you if you're forgetting to quicksave often enough!-> Especially on the first playthrough it's all about solving the ""stealth puzzle""!""Stealth puzzle"" = figuring out how exactly to move or get by or kill or incapacitate your way through the levelsIt's a nice challenge and in no way is it a tedious one!-> The fun is solving the puzzle - quick-saving and loading does not diminish it at all-> There's enough challenges and ""badges"" in each level to motivate additional playthroughs - how you challenge yourself is up to you - more complicated ""stealth puzzle"" and/or not relying on save/load so much.Pros:- nice story, good script, good writing, good presentation- very good level design (it's very obvious that a lot of work and love went into the level design)- good voice acting- good graphics, and fast (60 FPS throughout - though, granted, this is on a 1080)- good sound effects- unique, inventive tools for solving the ""stealth puzzles""(every one of the 5 chars has three major unique abilities and subtle differences on how the execute minor tasks, e.g like dragging bodies)Cons:- some control issues that need getting used to (but one definitely can get used to them).(Basically, the click areas for some movements/actions are rather large - careful that one doesn't trigger an unwanted action intead of a simple ""move to"" command)- night stealth mechaniscs are a great idea - but it's uncessarily cumbersome to figure out ""illumination areas""(Means one needs to spend more time on ""wait and see"" observing patrolling guards than I personally think should be required)The game offers good value even for the normal price - but if you happen to be able get it on discount and if you like stealth games - definitely go get it or you'll be missing out on a significant addition to the genre..."
76561198100464793,Recommended,418240,34023465,Posted: 4 August,all,Asyrin,"Incredible game. Well worth the money if you're into a slow, tactical challenge"
,Recommended,418240,34046661,Posted: 5 August,all,DavidM,"I'm an old fan of the Desperados games and this is much better.+ Very polished feeling+ Play as you like, there are countless ways to progress+ They managed to keep every new level fresh and interesting with new ideas forcing you to play differently all the time+ Took me ~25 hours to beat all missions+ Always interesting without using upgrade trees or♥♥♥♥♥♥- Story is a shoulder shrug for me... it's ok to drive the game forward, but I didn't really care."
76561198004943110,Recommended,418240,34082194,Posted: 7 August,all,Army_TeD,What a surprise! Challenging yet fascinating game!
,Recommended,418240,34035231,Posted: 5 August,all,Szeth,This is really fun - though a lot of patience is needed. Japanese language (with subtitles) makes it way more immersive. Definitely recommended.
,Recommended,418240,34052367,Posted: 5 August,all,brettskii,"What an awesome game!Shadow Tactics: Blades of the Shogun is a real time tactics based game in which you control a small group of assasins from the Shoguns' army.The art style and voice acting are great in this game, they really immerse you into the world. The story is actually worth following and the characters emotions are portrayed very well.The control scheme works flawlessly and I didn't encounter a single bug the whole playthrough. I highly recommend this game if you played and enjoyed the ""Commandos"" games."
76561198070821524,Recommended,418240,34125553,Posted: 9 August,all,Artif1cial,One of the best games I´ve ever played. Loved it more than I expected.
,Recommended,418240,34313387,Posted: 17 August,all,synx,"It's a good game (at least the first level is) with surprisingly intuitive controls. That's one of the things that makes it easy to get into, as well as the progressive introduction of skills that never gets overwhelming (when the game introduces a concept before you get to apply it and it creates a sort of backlog).There's a function in the game that allows you to set up one action per character in advance, calledshadow mode, to then be executed with a single key-press. I thought it'd be unwieldy and unhelpful, but I found myself using it a lot to control multiple characters at once since the the action you queued can be executed by just pressing the ENTER key."
76561198083783063,Recommended,418240,34038821,Posted: 5 August,all,HoboJewFro,"This game is amazing, worth the buy imho. Only thing missing is some co-op play, hopefully added in the next game. :)"
76561198092365425,Recommended,418240,34057614,Posted: 6 August,all,HeartOfDarkness7,"If you want a stealth or strategy challenge, I cannot recommend this game highly enough. The art and mechanics are fun. The story is fun. The game works bug-free. The music is beautiful. The downside to Blades of the Shogun are mainly the laoding times. Even on my brand-new desktop, each level takes a minimum of five minutes to load. However, I'm willing to wait, because this challenging and gorgeous game is ridiculously fun."
76561198114201408,Recommended,418240,34256126,Posted: 15 August,all,ahylton,"First time I have played a game of this sort and 20+ hours in I can honestly say this game has exceeded the expectations I had having looked at reviews by fellow gamers and critics.Good story, likeable characters and a very clever game, that requires you to think about what you are doing and to be patient. Highly recommended!"
76561198271413588,Recommended,418240,34264792,Posted: 15 August,all,lfodrie,Legitimately the best tactical game I've ever played. Difficult but not frustrating. The story is engaging but not overly-complex.I love this game.
,Recommended,418240,34246306,Posted: 14 August,all,LA,"A realtime isometric tactical infiltration and assassination game set in feudal Japan with ninja, samurai, feudal lords, soldiers, guards and all manner of persons ready to be brutally killed for the Shogun.A challenging puzzler you will fail a lot at.Reminds me of the also excellent Satellite Reign.Great game."
76561198255047919,Recommended,418240,34249327,Posted: 14 August,all,SailorDali,"Highly recommend this Japanese stealth style RTT game. Both its graphic and tactics design are awesome. The solutions are usually not unique, you may find many interesting way to escape or kill the guards. After completing the first round, I will still play for earning all badges. It deserves overwhelming positive review on steam."
,Recommended,418240,28537358,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Hugh Mungus,"I just got finished with Shadow Tactics: Blades of the Shogun.If anyone is interested in getting the game the below will help him.Firstly, the game is not as much strategy or RPG, as it is a puzzle game. You need to find the solution to a big 3D puzzle.Pros:+Good Story+Interesting Characters+Amazing difficult gameplay that requires thinking+Quicksave and Quickload mechanic (you will use that a lot)+Good AI+15-20 hours of gameplay on normal difficulty(13 missions in total)+Many difficult badges and achievements to acquire, if you want to challenge yourself+Decent voiceacting (both in english and japanese)+Unique enviroment in each level, which might sometimes affect the gameplay (stepping on snow will leave traces that enemies will notice)+Different ways to solve each mission.+Incredible music+Not amazing graphics, but nice artistic style.+Japanese Edo Era.+If anyone has played Commandos or Desperados (I haven't) is suppoedly going to love it.Cons:-Quickloading takes too long(about 5 seconds) and since you use that a lot, it can get tiring.-Some frape drops (might just be me, but my computer is fresh new)-Some puzzles will prove very difficult and will exhaust you (solving them fills you with reliefe though)-Camera controls often feel clunky-Finishing the game did not leave me emptyhearted the same way an amazing movie, show or game would. (to the point where I would not know what to do with my life next).-Quite high priceConclusion: If you like puzzle or strategy games, or you just enjoy pushing yourself to the limit until you find the solution to something you will love Shadow Tactics. If you find the game on sale or on a third-party site for 15-20 bucks, I'd consider it a must-buy."
76561198007329044,Recommended,418240,35169341,Posted: 23 September,all,Robmachine,"I love this game, the only problem I have with it is that it ends."
,Recommended,418240,35234334,Posted: 26 September,all,denkart,"In the interest of keeping this review as brief as possible, I'll simply list the best ""pro"" about the game and the worst ""con"".Pro:  Nothing in this game is left up to RNG and it gives you plenty of time to plan your approach.  Don't get me wrong, RNG has it's place, but this game is better for avoiding it.  There will be times when you're stuck on a part in the game, but because it's all set in stone, it never feels overwhelming.  Whenever you fail at something, you won't be mad at the game for screwing you over by chance.  You'll instead think of ways to improve your current tactic, or perhaps try a different tactic.  The game acts almost as a puzzle that must be solved.Con: The controls for the camera are pretty awful.  Not a whole lot to elaborate on here, but even after nearly 20 hours of play (not done with the game quite yet), the camera controls still don't feel completely natural to me like they would in most other games.  I've gotten used to them, but I still fumble with it at times.People that enjoy a slow, methodical game that requires lots of planning and those that have a tolerance for having to retry things multiple times will enjoy this game.  People looking for a more fast paced type of gameplay with a lot of quick action and quick progress should look for a different game.  This game absolutely does require that you be patient with it.  Speed runs are possible, but those come only after having having beaten the levels before and using that experience to build upon and refine the tactics you've established to near perfection."
76561198023582195,Recommended,418240,34921268,Posted: 13 September,all,Swagabond,"Old school squad-based Real-time stealth-game. I actually just wanted to play because of the artwork in the beginning, but the story is cool, the levels are intriguing and the game is so polished overall, it's just amazing.Can't recommend it strongly enough."
76561197985253346,Recommended,418240,35028341,Posted: 17 September,all,Liao,"A beautiful game, crafted in loving detail. It quickly earned a place among my favourite titles of all time. Here's hoping for more... :)"
76561198038915168,Recommended,418240,33207651,Posted: 3 July,all,Commissar Krazy,Best strategy game since Commandos.
76561198073383133,Recommended,418240,28235474,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,StomperMSK,"Amaizing game! Like Commandos, Desperados , but looks really better! More content, great sound, cool setting! If u like silent kills, tactics and good games, you must to buy that treasure!"
,Recommended,418240,35381847,Posted: 1 October,all,bi0GE4N,"This is one of the most amazing game that I have played in a while. I am a person who is coming back to gaming after a long time and this was the perfect title to do that in grand style. Amazing graphics, amazing storyline, amazing physics and the Shadow tactics is just amazingly beautiful to look at! But the best part for me is the background music throughout this game, it is just brilliant! The music flows so does the game play! Thanks for this great game."
,Recommended,418240,29117900,Posted: 8 January,all,Jamaic,Best game ever (Commandos fan here)
,Recommended,418240,29116662,Posted: 8 January,all,Andrew,its the best
,Recommended,418240,28319819,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,sMull,"A gem. Never thought anyone would make a game like Commandos again, let alone this good. A must buy for anyone who likes stealth/rts/tactics."
76561198234258556,Recommended,418240,28707914,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,BlackPaw,"11/10The best game since Commandos series when I was young.It's addicted, challenging, and hard enough even not as much as commandos.Great story, Great game atmosphere, Great graphic, Great Sound and music.... the art work is Top Notch.Worth every penny you spend.The shadow mode is great addition, and make life easier (in a good way) than what you have to do things simultaneously in the fastest time like in Commandos.Recommend buy and play it ASAP.Hope there will be more expansions and DLC to come.We need more game like this in this in world - one that need players to use brains,a and to analyse and find the gap in the pattern, helping ppl to think systematically, and develop their thoughts."
,Recommended,418240,28629269,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,[HTT]Garantine,"I had never heard about this game before coming across it on steam.Now a few weeks later it's one of my favorite games of 2016!If you loved the classic Commandos, Desperados or Robin hood tactical stealth games this game is a throwback to everything great about the genre! If that isn't enough to convince you there's even a DEMO available with the first 2 levels, talk about something you don't see anymore!TL:DR If you like tactical stealth, buy this game now!"
76561198024510792,Recommended,418240,29816745,Posted: 9 February,all,theOryol,"Loved it, Loved it! This game type has been sorely missed.I'm a long time fan of the Commandos series and Robin Hood - Legend of Sherwood and have played them many, many times.This was a great blend of both but visually and mechnically more reminded me of Robin Hood.I was afraid from some reveiws that it would be a short game, but that is definately NOT the case. Definately felt that I received my money's worth.I was glad to pay full price to support the development of these type games. Please keep them coming."
,Recommended,418240,28878431,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,alex,はい
,Recommended,418240,30201512,Posted: 26 February,all,BoEmel,"Great game, reminded me of good old times."
76561197993541378,Recommended,418240,28773158,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Diamondblade,"Samurai can see thru Aiko's disguise...Get Mugen to toss boulder on Samurai.Aiko flirts with nearby guard with clear view of body...Guard is entranced by Aiko..Realism 10/10.In all honesty, this game is great.  Been having a blast testing out different strategies and approaches to missions, and it gets even crazier when trying to get all the 'badges' or achievements for every mission.  A truly great game for the RTS fan in us all."
76561198000298969,Recommended,418240,28652668,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Ulcerus,"Fantastic game if you're into tactical stealth/action games. If you liked the old Commandos then this is an absolute must.I enjoyed this game immensly, and I have grown quite picky with the games I play all the way through now a days. Very well made with great care for detail in every aspect (music, japanese language settings,  art style, dialogues, different difficulty settings, challenges, even the odd humour) and just about perfect length. Happy I bought it and recommend it at full price. It's that good."
76561198043193509,Recommended,418240,28811995,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,thecooldeer,10/10 would walk into Yuki's little trap again.
76561198124269429,Recommended,418240,28774701,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,matt.lennox80,"First time writing a review, but I felt compelled to for Shadow Tactics. I loved this game. Best $40 I've spent on a computer game in a long, long time. I played it obsessively over Christmas, to the point where my wife was constantly busting my chops about the time I was spending on ""that weird ninja game or whatever it is."" Anyway, the comparisons to Commandos are obvious and appropriate, but upgraded for modern tastes. The story, although simple, is actually quite compelling, and I really have to say the voicework is top notch. The whole thing kind of felt to me like an RTS version of an old Sonny Chiba or Kurosawa movie. The gameplay itself is devious, and you will rage-quit from time to time ... but it's all worth it when the multiple, simultaneous takedown you spent most of Christmas Eve perfecting (and drank half a bottle of whiskey while perfecting it) goes off without a hitch. One point to note if you pick it up: make sure you aquaint yourself with all of the controls and keyboard commands. There were a few things I missed - how to make the raccoon do distracting tricks, for example (deploy him, then press 'T'). Anyway, I was very happy to purchase this game and support these developers. I hope we see more like it, or additional content for the game!"
76561197970425841,Recommended,418240,33855013,Posted: 28 July,all,Llamageddon,Like Commandos but with Samurai.
,Recommended,418240,28301941,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Elu,Good game made in Germany
,Recommended,418240,33134114,Posted: 2 July,all,Osmond,"back at high school, im playing commandos , and this game looks similliar with ninja style and samurai and etc. Overal this is a nice game, with nice visual i think.  playing it for 8 hours and then  writing this review, i think more aspect can be added to its gameplay. Bad point is that the enemy, like commandos behind enemy lines, is to predictable, pls develepoer, make it more chalenging by giving random moves to the enemy or kinda like that. im on Imai city mission when writing this review and i believe more tactic and strategy can be explored because one more character to play and im not yet playing all character all together. Personally, i give score 8/10 for this great game, after 25 hours playing, i'll be back and edit this review"
76561198279641247,Recommended,418240,29371492,Posted: 20 January,all,清心气华,"本来以为自己玩的时间够长了。没想到测评里居然有人玩了90+小时……优点不赘述诚挚希望能出dlc或续作！诚挚希望官方能开放创意工厂，出一个关卡制作器或者类似的编辑器，方便玩家自行设计喜欢的关卡！I want dlc and Shadow Tactics 2 !Hope that you can launch a level maker or something so that we can design uniqe levels that we like  !BTW what ever you are going to do in the future, please find a good chinese translator, thank you!"
76561197970609953,Recommended,418240,28240872,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Ilroxan,"I didn't even knew about this game a month ago, neither did I expect that I was longing for a worthy commandos successor, but I was proven wrong, in the best possible way.The setting fits so perfectly to the genre that I am wondering why we were bothering with marines and cowboys until now. It's the perfect scenario to revive the genre again and I am hoping this will inspire other studios to catch on.Playing the demo ultimately sealed the deal for me then (as if I wasn't convinced already). This was an instant buy for me, who is usually waiting for the sale price to fall below 60%.Very nice game and absolutely recommendable for everyone who liked Commandos and/or Desperados at that time. I enjoyed every minute so far."
,Recommended,418240,28240107,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Zamug,"I've only just started the fourth level but wanted to leave a thumbs up anyway. The only stealth games I ever really played were the original Deus Ex and Mark of the Ninja, and they are some of my favorites games ever. So after seeing some videos I bought Shadow Tactics immediately after it was released, and I am fully satisfied so far. The ""puzzles"" are great, the paths are not obvious, the missions are challenging. On normal difficulty I always have to stop and think for a moment, and those quicksaves sure come in handy.Samurais, swords, assassins, beautiful levels, great game. The graphics, sound and voice acting are great, only the character animations sometimes look a little too mechanical. I think the game also has great replayability, but I'm not there yet."
76561197993212465,Recommended,418240,28240322,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Jim Lahey,Awesome game if you like the Commandos series.
,Recommended,418240,28268594,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,rain,"Really really addictive game. I remember thinking multiple times throughout my existence, when will another game like Commandos come by and this game did it and made it even better! SEA gamers do join my Discord group atdiscord.gg/MYnWrkAand help make this a success :D"
76561198005115166,Recommended,418240,28267241,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,AdmlBaconStraps,"This gets an auto recommend simply for having a demo.That said, the game itself is a lot of fun too, graphically pretty without trying to be super realistic. Mechanics feel good without being overly complicated.So far (and at the time of writing I've played the demo which is essentially the first two levels) my only complaint is that 2 of the characters feel very close together. I can see this being a lot of fun to play"
,Recommended,418240,34055905,Posted: 6 August,all,Doallyn,Its a really good game!! Takes Commandos and Deperados and gives it a fresh new polish with the Samauri flavour. Good challenge and keeps you thinking to the end.A fully polished and great game!! worth every penny
,Recommended,418240,34580023,Posted: 29 August,all,Longbow,"Among the best games to have been released last year.Spectacular story, phenominal gameplay and loads of replayability.Worth every cent."
,Recommended,418240,33060132,Posted: 30 June,all,Fylos,"""Wake up little review.""Having never played a game of this style and generally prefering turn based strategy, I thought""real time"" stealth might be too hectic for me to enjoy. Well, after playing the demo, I quickly figured out it's not! You can always position your units such that they are safe until you have planned out your next set of moves.By now, I have bought the game, spent countless hours sneaking around and I loved every minute. Gameplay can be frustrating if you go for the trial & error route, but all the information to plan ahead is there; if you fail - and you will fail often - it's very clear what you did wrong. Still, those fails are merely a slap on the wrist, since frequent use of quicksaving is part of the genre, and the difficulty aknowledges that.Really recommend this game. Try the demo, it won me over.(...well, that and Linux support)"
76561198006301875,Recommended,418240,34427237,Posted: 22 August,all,The Watcher in The Dark,"Like any stealth game, it can get frustrating the 10,000th time you die in an hour.  And, as other's have pointed out, the English voice acting is VERY British sounding.  In fact the sound overall is pretty repetative, to the point where I turned off English just because I was tired of people repeating the same thing every ten seconds for 4 hours.Despite that, this is a really solid game.  One of the better stealth I have ever played.  When you set up a 4 person trigger action, and it actually works, it's pretty cool.  Or sometimes you'll come up with this completely elaborate plan to sneak past two samurai, spend an hour on it, only to notice later that you could have just dropped roof shingles on their heads.The different abilities of the team members add a lot of variety to how you can beat a mission, without forcing multiple play throughs to get the story.  Which is exactly what I want in a games plot."
,Recommended,418240,28803944,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,lordaleph,"No doubt, one of the best games for 2016. Amazing!"
76561198297902060,Recommended,418240,28858977,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,loons5150,"Wow! Not only was this an amazingly well-designed and enjoyable game, it was also a fantastic experience. After playing XCOM: Enemy Unknown, I was thirsty for more strategy-based games. Aside from Invisible, Inc. and Steamworld Heist, I had no other experience with these types of games. After seeing a review for Shadow Tactics on YouTube by a reviewer by the name of ACG (Angry Centaur Gaming), it piqued my interest. Steam was accommodating enough to host a Demo. It was definitely strategical. It took me almost 2 hours for just the first mission! The demo was enough to prompt me to purchase  the entire game at a slight discount (15% off I think).The game is classified as real-time strategy, as opposed to turn-based strategy. This is the main difference from the aforementioned games - it is free-flowing, and can get quite intense! It has a compelling story based in the Japanese lore of Shogun dynasties and the wars waged to protect them. Below is my list of pros and cons:Pros:- Brilliant level design - devs meticulously crafted these levels to exploit each game character's skill, in turn, tediously forcing the player to explore every action. This is a hardcore strat game, don't be fooled. But, when you complete a level (and the game), it's oh so rewarding!- Graphics are stupendous. With a decent gaming rig, this game runs like butter when in play (see save / load comments in cons). The title screen, alone, is almost worth a quarter-price of admission!- Fantastic characters (5 + 1/2 - the racoon:)) with subtle nuances to personality, suggesting a rich back-story. With this comes a unique set of skills for each that require the player to master.- Voice acting and narration were cinema quality - bravo to the devs!- Score was swelling and breath-taking - like much of the graphical view.Cons:- As I stated, the game runs silky smooth when in play. The load times and saves (quick or manual) get bogged over time. The game encourages savescumming with a little timer announcing the last save. Again, the game is a beast of a challenge, so you'll need to save...and save often! I read a number of threads re. these load and save times, and found it was most likely due to the way I have the game installed. I have the main game on my HDD, while Steam is on my SSD boot. Games, by default, use the Steam drive for saves. I believe, as I accrued almost 3-4GB of saves, the interplay between the game on the HDD and the save SSD in collaboration with the Steam server and cloud sync, caused the load and save times to suffer. So, I moved a good portion of my old saves to another drive to clear up my SSD drive...this seemed to speed the load times to within 10 seconds and save times to within a couple seconds. It's kind of a minor thing, but finding the silly save files was kind of like finding a needle in a haystack. For future players, Steam games typically store save files in Users/<your name>/AppData/Local/<game folder>. The tricky part in locating it was that the folder was titled ""Daedalic Entertainment GMBH"" - the dev.- Because each level is so intricate and loaded in entirety, the control of the camera to angle that perfect strategy can be a bit cumbersome, but nothing show-stopping.If you have time and patience to invest, and want a challenge unlike most other contemporary games, at least try the demo. Each level took me an average of 2-3 hours to complete - at least that's what the game stats showed; however, it was most likely longer because of all the savescumming. Honestly, this game embodied the epitome of what video games should be - strategic, cognitively challenging, enthralling story, engaging characters, amazing play mechanics and more! Again, try the demo."
,Recommended,418240,33360518,Posted: 7 July,all,triplo,goty
76561198167508706,Recommended,418240,28906614,Posted: 1 January,all,Kafe Shostakovich,"Most underappreciated game in 2016Exotic artstlye, competant writing and carefully placed mechanisms makes this a perfect strategy game."
,Recommended,418240,34529304,Posted: 27 August,all,CampeR_,"Very intresting Game Concept with alot of potential.All levels are on a way designed that every type of gamer is able to beat the game.If you know alot about game design don't worry, it still feels kinda linear but you can find your ways around it ;)Everybody else, if you games with a bunch of freedom and tactics, here you go, a perfect game.Your playtime will be around 15 hours to complete it (I am not finished yet, because I can't find time to play this masterpiece right now ;_;), so it is defintly worth it."
76561198021922520,Recommended,418240,32554279,Posted: 18 June,all,Hungski,Killed 18 guards and put them all in the same toilet AWESOME game.
,Recommended,418240,32615409,Posted: 21 June,all,Guardian_Angel,"I don't know why I haven't written about this brilliance before, probably because I was too busy trying to puzzle over the right solutions for the most difficult level parts. Sometimes it takes more than hundred retries to do so, but it's really gratifying to see your plan number *one hundred and hell knows how many* to finally end up as a success."
76561197972246144,Recommended,418240,34076273,Posted: 7 August,all,UBERheblich,"Probably the best ""Commandos like"" game I have ever played.Diverse skills and missions combined with creative use of mechanics and diverse levels.Learning curve is very steep."
,Recommended,418240,29537699,Posted: 28 January,all,Ghost,"The most satisfying game I have played in a long time. Set in Japan during the Edo period, you command a squad of assassins working to protect the Shogunate during peacetime from whispers of rebellion.This is a rare gem in that stealth is required; it is not an option. The choice lies in how to make use of the unique characters and their abilities to bypass obstacles and enemies. Stand-up fights will invariably end in failure, so you must be cunning and quick.You can easily spend over an hour on each mission if you are a perfectionist. The game will encourage you to try different play styles with acheivements and badges as well as the use of specific characters per level.Not to be a purist, but the Japanese audio is a must. Samurai speaking English is against some kind of law."
76561197969379991,Recommended,418240,28955044,Posted: 2 January,all,Grandmaster of Pwn,Perfect Commandos-Style stealth game. Very thought out mechanics and controlling. Japanese voices.
76561197974358108,Recommended,418240,28914312,Posted: 1 January,all,Shike Marples,Commados! But newer. And in Japan. Just as awesome!
,Recommended,418240,28227808,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Gentleman-Adventurer,"Excellent scenario design, well-chosen historical setting, and open-ended approach to your objectives makes for a winning combination. Every character has their own strengths and weaknesses, not to mention a personality that comes across well in-game. In all, a welcome successor to the venerable Commandos series, thankfully without the Green Beret's appalling Irish accent."
76561197972804389,Recommended,418240,33268755,Posted: 5 July,all,RockingRolli,"A game so great that after 12 years on Steam I had to write my first review.If you are a big fan of the Commandos game series this game will give you many hours of fun. The gameplay is very similar, but has a modern touch to it and does not allow exploiting the game so easy. Things like waiting behind corners and piling up bodies as you would have done in Commandos are not possible in this game.The whole level environments are beautifully crafted. Things like snow and darkness change how you can play in certain levels and proceeding through the levels does not feel very repetitive.One thing I would like to see is unlocking new things in later levels. If you have reached the second half of the game you do not unlock new skills or features. Only the map design offers new challenges, which makes up for it.10/10 stars(runs on Linux, thanks to the Unity Engine, which makes it 11/10 stars :D )"
,Recommended,418240,33849105,Posted: 27 July,all,trib,"So I've only played a couple hours of this game .. So far i am amazed,  Its super challenging and yet really fun. Will leave you constantly saving and restarting to try different strategies. I recommend this game to anybody that likes a fun,challenging,well balanced,well designed game. I have never wrote a review before and i have over 150 games on steam.This should tell you something! I am enjoying this game very much and there is many more hours to come!.... IF YOU FEEL HESITANT TO BUY THIS GAME.. DONT, Just buy it you will not regret it"
,Recommended,418240,28365021,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,cerebrum22,F5 F5 F5 F5 F5 F5 F5 F8 F5 F5 F8 F5move like water ^^F5 F5 F5 F5 F5 F5 F5 F8 F5 F5 F8 F5
76561198006061938,Not Recommended,418240,33798870,Posted: 25 July,all,bubbleboys,"I really, really, really, really, REALLY wanted to like this game. I was a huge fan of Commandos back in the day and granted it's been more than a decade since I played, but I don't remember Commandos being so tedious, which Shadow Tactics is.Tedious is really the word to use to describe this game. It isn't fun; playing this game feels like work. To be quite frank, it doesn't even feel like a ""stealth"" game. Sure, the game severely penalizes you if any bodies are found or you are seen, but that alone doesn't make a stealth game. A good stealth game has a puzzle element to it, and this game doens't have it. It's all about quick reactions using a poor control scheme requiring you to click with pixel-level accuracy. That sounds like a game of skill, but it really isn't. It's because of poor guard placement with at times all-seeing vision, and at times, the vision of a blind man.The result is the that F5 (Quick Save) and F8 (Quick Load) are your best friends. Successfully move 5 feet, hit F5. Waiting for 5 minutes for the concurrence of all the guards being in the perfect position to be able to kill and hide a single guard, hit F5. A game that requires me to save every 5 seconds and load as often as that is not fun. From what I've read online, this seems to be par for the course. Mind you, I don't mind tricky sections of a level. That level of stress and trial-and-error makes beating the level an achievement. But when the entire level is just a slog, well, I call that work, not constructive gaming tension.I would ask for a refund, but I've played this game for 11 hours by now. At this point, I'm really hoping that I'm missing some critical game mechanic or have a revelation that will make this the most awesome game ever. I'm surely hoping so because I was a HUGE fan of Commandos and I really want this ""Shadow Tactics"" series to join my list of favorite gaming series.P.S. I am no stranger to being patient to achieve your objectives. That being said, the game designers needed to realize that this is also a game. In the real world, you might need to wait 20 minutes an hour just to make it 5 meters across some guard's view. But this isn't the real world, and I don't relish sitting there staring at my screen for 20 minutes just waiting for a 2 second window in which I need to implement 6 different actions timed and aimed perfectly in a specific sequence. That is not fun and I have better things to do than practice the same 2 second window of actions over and over because the designers don't have a sense of constructive gaming tension."
76561198018351517,Recommended,418240,28394629,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Zola,"I finished the game :(Now I'm sad.I need more.There should be an award for level design.And this game should get the award for the next 5 years. And then the DLCs (I hope, plz plz plz) should get it for the following 10 years.I know im a good reviewer, I was thinking of going professional."
76561198066568610,Recommended,418240,28328251,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Blu Panda,Good gameplayGood graphicsReplayabilityLong campaignIts good
,Recommended,418240,28255055,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,MolitovMichelle,"This is basically Commandos or Desperados of days gone by but with a Japanese spin on it, with Ninja and Samurai. Really nice to see this type of game show up again. Its cell shaded so it looks pretty nice and the controls are very nice.Only played 3 levels but I felt I had to buy it right away."
76561198065320370,Recommended,418240,31886200,Posted: 21 May,all,gerrymamey,awesome game very fun to play
,Recommended,418240,34273045,Posted: 16 August,all,Flavvy,Shadow Tactics: Blades of the ShogunVerdict: a great story-driven stealth-oriented strategy game with similar gameplay to the Desperados series. Well worth the money!Pros:Immersive visuals and tight game mechanics;Likable roster of characters;Japanese audio and subs;Handy save reminder and log features;Good difficulty curve.Cons:Predictable story;Japanese contains a lot of anachronistic Anglicisms that break immersion.
76561198203614376,Recommended,418240,28273974,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Anapoda,"Fantastic game, can't recommend it enough."
76561198007338356,Recommended,418240,29769540,Posted: 7 February,all,vahouth,"I cannot recommend this game enough!I really, really, really want more from this. More characters, more missions, more of everything.I need a DLC, expansion, sequel, something!"
,Recommended,418240,28278728,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Devnant,"It's like Commando, but with Samurais and Ninjas!"
,Recommended,418240,29078844,Posted: 6 January,all,Dingo Stole My Keyboard,Shadow Tactics is a really good game. I hope the success of this game revives the real-time tactical stealth genre.
,Recommended,418240,28767614,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Edgewalker,"InShadow Tactics, you control a group of 1-5 characters in a scenario of stealth, sabotage, and assassination. You control the characters from a bird's eye view in an RTS style. The game is divided into scenarios, and the main threat in every case are the vigilant guards who patrol and watch over the area. While it contains some strange oversights and flaws, the game is overall uniquely enjoyable.7/10 in general9/10 within the genreGoodTactics (Characters)Each character has one distraction, one combat ability, and a few unique abilities that make them indispensible in their own way. Each also has some drawback (noisy running, inability to swim, etc.) and some bonus (long range, ability to run while carrying a body) that set up additional challenges and tactical fun. There's nothing like the reward of pulling off the perfect set of tactical actions in the nick of time.Tactics (Enemies)Enemies likewise have different behaviors and abilities that make them interesting, such as how they react to distractions. While there are only three kinds of guard, the combinations and positions keep them interesting.Shadow SystemThe game allows you to save up to one action for each character and then execute them all at once. This system, while limited, is indispensible for many situations in which multiple targets must be dealt with simultaneously.Multi-Quicksave SystemThe game's quicksave system keeps your last 3 quicksaves. Many times this feature has allowed me to back up from an unwinnable quicksave state, saving me from having to restart a scenario.BadReloading. And reloading. And reloading.Because your plans can be spoiled by onetinymistake, you will find yourself reloading from quicksaves often. It's clear that attention was paid to making this process quick, but it wasn't enough. When completing challenges, playing on hardcore mode, or avoiding killing, reloading increases exponentially.Voice ActingWhile not awful, the voice acting is only so-so. Using Japanese audio may work, because if you can't tell if the voice acting is good or not, it will always seem to be good. Even still, I found one character's voice to be cloying and obnoxiously whiny, andevery single movement or abilityis accompanied by dialogue. It gets repetitive quickly.CameraIn a game where visibility and positioning are crucial, the camera controls are rubbish. Alt+Mouse for rotation is clumsy. Pressing keys rotates the camera in unhelpfully large jumps. Also, the camera can only be rotated about one axis, so you can never look down from above.UI InconsistencyMost actions cause characters to hide (duck down) afterward. However, there are a couple of bizarre exceptions that leave the character standing up and exposed instead. This inconsistency will have you loading the game dozens of times.Also, characters won't go to a location unless it's the closest thing to the camera, so you can't order them to go where you cannot see, even if there is only one logical interpretation for the location you've clicked. This wouldn't be a problem if the camera controls were better, and if object interaction didn't follow a different rule. Climbing surfaces, doors, and other objects can be used even if facing away from the camera and out of view. This leads to many cases where the characters do the wrong thing, inducing more reloading.Misc UICharacters generally sneak unless ordered to run, which is done by double-clicking. This is bad design, because you will often inadvertantly order a character to run (thus exposing them) when you click twice in close succession to correct or change their path.Immersion BreakingWhile mainly interesting and believable, some enemy reactions are ridiculous, such as standing unclothed in the snow, or returning to work seconds after seeing someone murdered. In addition, some game mechanics seem absurd and always broke my immersion. For example, dumping a body in a bush or even into a house makes it disappear permanently never to be found, even by a guard inspecting said house or bush. You can throw a dozen bodies into the same outhouse, and the next guard to enter won't find them. This choice seems silly, and removes what could be an interesting tactical component from the game, since disposing of a body in any random building or shrub is just as effective as a well or canal.BugsThe game isn't free of bugs, and a couple of times I had to restart missions because the stage was broken, but I don't consider it to be a major issue."
76561197989976785,Recommended,418240,29971379,Posted: 16 February,all,Leogno,Full Japanese voice acting!
,Recommended,418240,31329082,Posted: 23 April,all,Agarwaen,"I must say that I’ve been waiting for a game like this for a long time.The reinvented Commandos formula, set against a backdrop of medieval Japan with samurai, ninjas…Oh my. Very exciting!Shadow Tactics: Blades of the Shogun does this part really well. You control up to 5 different characters, each with unique abilities, with a mission to keep peace in Japan. The stealth mechanic has been implemented well and even though you can kill almost everything that moves in a mission, you don’t have to. The gameplay is fun, makes you think and use your teammates’ abilities to their best.That is not to say that the game does not have some drawbacks.The game can be frustrating at times, even on normal difficulty, necessitating carefully timed actions especially if you are going for more difficult mission badges. It also suffers from relatively slow load times, even on a powerful PC.To sum it up, it’s a great game that sets a new bar for games of this genre."
,Recommended,418240,28226782,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Okko,"Did you like Commandos/Desperados, you'll like this."
76561198072813345,Recommended,418240,28697336,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,James_Paget,"So far I'm loving this game, it's like the old Commandos games, but with Ninja. I've quicksaved more than I'd like, but when you actually manage to put together a decent plan, it's a good feeling :)"
,Recommended,418240,28769421,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,mictones,Played and finished quite a number of stealth and strategy games this year but this by far was the best one.My only issue was the slow loading of a level which required me to reinstall it on my SSD which pretty much fixed the issue.
76561197970339445,Recommended,418240,28283840,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,++,"In case you played Commandos all these years ago, Shadow Tactics is a worthy revival of that genre. You play a group of characters which need to accomplish varying objectives by sneaking mostly silently through a level full of enemy guards. On the outside the game has nice graphics, excellent voice acting and good music. On the mechanical side you have different characters with different skills and get a lot of freedom to approach each level like you wish. You sneak around enemies, lure them away and if you choose so assasinate them. One thing not so great are the long loading times between levels. If you like tactical stealth games this one is for you! Don't expect faced paced action, but intelligent puzzle solving, and a lot of quicksaving."
76561198018461270,Recommended,418240,33094957,Posted: 1 July,all,Oemoemoepoep,"Nice characters, most missions offer a pretty decent choice of options to complete them and the story is decent enough. You can go anywhere from brutal all out war over tacical play and ambushes to stealthy assassin.But beware the game is heavily unfair. Enemies are almost always placed so half a dozen watch each others back. Getting anywhere completely unnoticed or getting rid of a guard without starting guard-ageddon will often require alot reloading, frustration a likely outcome. Get's especially bad when you are supposed to eavesdrop (stay close for a certain time) on a samurai patrol...in the middle of half an army which can see through disguises and can't be lured away from their posts.If i had to name bad points..-linear story, you have absolutely no influence on anything-the game feels rather short (and it is if yyou just go yolo)-midway you loose the only char capable of springting while carrying a body, incidently also the only char capable of killing hostile samurai (without using limited tools)-good parts of the game are simply unfair to the point, where neither tactic nor strategy helps...you can only pray for luck"
,Recommended,418240,33140551,Posted: 2 July,all,i see whats happening heyare,YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
76561198003988225,Recommended,418240,33159484,Posted: 2 July,all,Octarine,つ ◕_◕ ༽つ Gib more pls つ ◕_◕ ༽つ
76561197997977619,Recommended,418240,28669488,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Real Ass,"Its perfect, best stealth game i've played in a long time"
,Recommended,418240,28766926,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Dweal,It's a tanuki!
76561198081704111,Recommended,418240,28656797,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,~Flying Grayson~,"TRY THAT DEMO BEFORE. If you like it, then buy the game.I haven't played that long, but I completed (all the badges) the first mission and now I'm completing the second one. The game is excellent. It's the Commandos-like I was hoping for so many years with some important differences that make the feel of this game unique. As a complain, it's not that friendly for completition because the quick save/load aren't very quick... and you will have a loooot of trial and error if you wan't all that badges.Anyway, I'm really enjoying myself and I completely recommend this title ;)"
,Recommended,418240,28654504,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Yojimbow,"What an exceptionnal tribute to Commandos 2. I forgot how much fun I had years ago when playing this masterpiece, this game brought me all the memories back. Mimimi managed to bring everything that made these old titles a succes, with a very nice seamless modern touch (360° view, subtle cell-shading ...).Other good bits :- Voice and soundtrack, very immersive- Art style and level design, wonderful- Quick save / quick load"
76561197998541406,Recommended,418240,28712455,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,eugoreez,"It's a worthy successor to Commandos alright. If you love Commandos you'll love this for sure.For others who never heard of Commandos, this is a stealth real time ""strategy"" game. It requires to plan your mission, use the abilities of your 5 unique soldiers/units/heroes to complete the mission. One thing that separate it from other RTS is that you cannot multiple select units. You can only issue commands to one unit at a time, and this is why it is challenging, fun and bring satisfaction. You'll have to plan how you put soldier into action and put them back into safe place for standby, all in taking into account incoming enemy patrols routes.Complimenting this, they included one feature called Shadow time. Shadow time is simply a Pre-command that you can issue once to each unit until it is executed by pressing a key. This will allow your soldier to act whatever command you gave them at the same time, ie. kill two guards at the same time. This my opinion the main attraction of the game. The satisfaction it brings when your planned Shadow time executed perfectly is simply overwhelming.Long story short, if you like mind challenging games, strategy games, get this. At the price, it is very worth it."
,Recommended,418240,28316588,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Kate Micucci,"First ten seconds of the game:*Unsheathes katana**Sneaks up behind guard*""Nothing personell...""10/10"
76561198070084863,Recommended,418240,29751662,Posted: 6 February,all,The SecretAsian,Great game that has many positive reviews. Would recommend to almost anyone wanting to play a Real Time Tactics game.
,Recommended,418240,28396112,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Zt3alth,"There's isn't much to say really. It's just a really good game, fun and challenging.Voice actin and all that is pretty good so far as well. Everything in this game seems to work perfectly fine.Is gud game, should buy."
,Recommended,418240,28438821,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,yuki uki,"Ninja, tactics, much fun"
,Recommended,418240,32934929,Posted: 28 June,all,LivingWithWords,Great.
76561198095785444,Recommended,418240,29674992,Posted: 3 February,all,Echo Sierra,Sugoi no desu ka
,Recommended,418240,30226285,Posted: 27 February,all,Kalluto ♥,"This game is freakin' DOPE.It is so goddamn satisfying. I've spent literally hours staring at the battle field, not clicking anything and just trying to figure things out, plan my route, time patrols...It's a real rush!The story and the characters are really fun too. You can't help but smile when they talk, as though you've gotten to know them. They don't tell you why they are how they are. They don't tell you where they come from. But after a few missions in their shoes you know exactly what motivates them, as though you know them better than the game.The gameplay is basically the Commandos games from ages of yore but with one important addition : Shadowmode.Shadowmode is freaking amazing. With four agents under my command , a press of a button ended the lives of a patrol of enemies, one watchtower guard and and a samurai, but that's not the best part. The best part is the few seconds after, when silence reigns and your ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ is clenched like a singularity, as you slowly realize that your incredible feat was executed perfectly enough that none of the other patrols notice, and that the alarm hasn't been triggered.Getting the music is worth it too."
,Recommended,418240,33090974,Posted: 1 July,all,superreeen,You're looking for a strategy game like Commandos. This is the place to go.
,Recommended,418240,33897389,Posted: 29 July,all,Coffee,"K. I'm like three missions into this game. But my god, what a great game. Seriously. So well made.This is the kind of strategy game that I absolutely love. Many many ways to say - if you're on the fence, buy it."
76561198392592334,Recommended,418240,33958476,Posted: 1 August,all,deathklown13,"*GLITCH/SPOILER ALERT* There is a glitch is level 11 that prevents a target from leaving his designated area in a bathouse. You MUST trigger an alarm state to get the target to leave the bathhouse and resume his normal route after the alarm state calms. AFAIK of this writing, it has not been fixed. The same level also has a design glitch where a certain building in a courtyard can be jumped on from a higher building, but there is no way to jump to the ground or reach a higher plane once the player has landed on said building. Other than these issues the game ran fine for me on my hardware.This game is amazing and exactly what I was looking for at the time. For anyone who has played the Commandos series growing up, this game is sure to please. It is a real-time tactics game where you control a squad of uniquely talented individuals and use their skills to evade guards to fulfill objectives. If you have played and loved Commandos then you know what to expect and would most likely love this game. If you have not played Commandos then I would say to you that this game is a sandbox, stealth-puzzle game that encourages multiple playthroughs.Everything from the music to the graphics are evocative of Edo Japan which is the setting of the game. Being a huge fan of Commandos and Japanese culture in general, this game was a no brainer for me. Some of these puzzles will cook your head the first time! The level design: both its enemy layout and aesthetics are superb. The maps are large and will take a bit to load up but once they do you are in for a treat. There are multiple ""routes"" that can make a level play out slightly different depending on your choices. Shadow Mode is the most innovative feature I've seen, giving the player the ability to que up 1 action per character. These actions can be executed individually or simultaneously to unleash a well coordinated plan at a button's press. Sometimes well-timed ""Shadow Tactics"" are the only way to progress through a desperate situation.This game is a good investment for the money and a must for any Commandos or Desperados fan. SAVE EARLY, SAVE OFTEN! Keep reloading if your plan doesn't work! I can tell you how many ""stupid"" plans that worked because I needed a few more seconds or a Shadow Mode plan instead of just clicking. Trial and error is part of this game, so is paitence and observation."
,Recommended,418240,28746855,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Amintor,"Well designed levels , nice soundtrack , cool character , nice story , go ahead and buy it its worth it."
76561198198835342,Recommended,418240,33899785,Posted: 30 July,all,Stoicism,Buy it if:1) You like stealth games.2) You don't mind a little frustration and lots of reloading. Their level designers were evil.Nice that it comes with the Japanese voices. Yuki would make a good waifu.
76561198198464338,Recommended,418240,32903104,Posted: 27 June,all,Mr BoobieBuyer,"I purchased this title because I'm auseless weeaboobig fan of stealth, strategy, and, y'know, cool ninja♥♥♥♥♥♥This delivers on all fronts."
,Recommended,418240,28540755,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Enemy spy,"If you liked Desperados, you will love this. Same concept, just more polished."
76561198173893574,Recommended,418240,28544692,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Hikari Mini Algae Wafers,"Alright, time to stealthily assassinate the key targets... by killing every man, woman and child that gets in my way.Also, Saké."
,Recommended,418240,28539916,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,NOOBASS,"A magnificent game that's the best surprise of 2016. An incredibly well-polished game that provides an entirely unique and engrossing challenge. I don't have enough good things to say about it, every minute I played of it was a joy. Quality like this doesn't come along often."
76561198095103331,Recommended,418240,28546966,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Sardaukar,"The game of my dreams! i haven't logged on to steam and felt so much joy after seeing whats new on store like i did when I saw shadow tactics!I have always wanted to see a Commandos style game but with ninja's in the this particular period of time in Japan. This is basically my dream game!I love this genre and this game! and would absolutly recommend it! it ran smooth and I would hardly face any bugs. even if i did they were very minor and not game breaking by any means.the gameplay is simple yet fun and diverse! each character has 2 unique abilities aside from the normal attack with the blade. they are very disntinc that it makes each character different from the other!also with passive abilities that appears if you hover over the character icons. which add another creative touch to the character design.the story is enjoyable, you can have fun playing through it.and the most important part of all is the fact that there is more than one way to finish a mission!this game took me back to the days of spending 10 mins thinking about all the posibilties of killing the next guy and then move on!the music and voice lines are great! I actually love how they whisper things when you choose an ability or select the characters etc.it really gets you in the mood of doing things.10/10 for me."
76561198085011131,Recommended,418240,33960325,Posted: 1 August,all,Callynn,"Excellent game. 9/10+Awesome real time strategy puzzles+Very satisfying when making successful (multi)kills+Mostly realistic missions with realistic AI that looks if their friends go missing, sounds alarms, responds to suspicions.+Highly challenging achievements to be earned, but the game is accessible for most skills.+Beautiful setting+Very good voice acting, both in Japanese and English+Moving story with a lot of intermittent in-game video's+Reminiscent of Commando's-Controls take getting used to-Needs more missions, but that could also be considered a good thing-Game needs more missions with my favorite fox Yuki"
76561198010923357,Recommended,418240,33191286,Posted: 3 July,all,Vinticore,"Great tactical game, hours just flew by while I planned my perfect little murders, try the demo if you're interested!"
,Recommended,418240,33812513,Posted: 26 July,all,✪ Redgaze,Excellent game
76561198063288719,Recommended,418240,32711466,Posted: 23 June,all,Jelly,Its a masterpiece. I immediately loved this game after i played the demo. Its worth the price
76561198072608944,Recommended,418240,32715137,Posted: 24 June,all,wango.manuel,A real great game
,Recommended,418240,32629560,Posted: 21 June,all,Mumm-Ra,Shurikenjutsu!
,Recommended,418240,28433143,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Sven,Dont really know what to say. Great game!  great gameplay! everything is perfect.
76561197985123543,Recommended,418240,34103826,Posted: 8 August,all,Vook,Great game:)
,Recommended,418240,34108092,Posted: 8 August,all,quantumwolf,Excellent game.
,Recommended,418240,28326795,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,ScrewyAurum,An Excellent Re-Imagining of Commandos formula.
76561198118598037,Recommended,418240,28321918,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,tin_thientin2000,"This is a great game. The attention to details and the innovations are phenomenal. It feels very life like in a way. Here are a few examples.First there are many ways you can accomplish a mission. In episode 8 or 9 (the war castle thingy), where the game developers suggest to use both groups, I actually only used one to complete the mission. Another one is the Prison episode, I actual rescue the Shinobi first. I actually never realized there are hints. It is basically you carry out whatever you think is best.Second example is the randomness. This is easily realized through quick save, there are random adjustment to the movement of the NPCs, so that if you are not careful, you will lose. I love this aspect because it makes you become aware of the situation if you want to win.Third, the technicality. Recall that I say you can carry out any strategy you want, whether it is just brute force, stealth or some combinations. This sometimes requires very technical moves. After a while, I actually can kill 3 soldiers with any single character due to my risky style.The story line is a bit predictable, but in a good way. It makes you want to know if your prediction is right. And it is not a bad story in any sense.There are other positive things, but let's go to the negative. I found quite a few tiny, but noticeable glitches. They do not interfere my enjoyable moments, but they are there. For example, the time when you rescue the old guy, if you try to use Aiko to assassinate the due in the chair near the Temple from the right, she just does not do it, lol. But she'll do that from the left. Then sometimes the NPCs just cannot see you even though you are right in front of them. This happens when I just rush into a group of them. Oh here is a major one. The game has this characteristic of if a soldier that is communicated with others often goest missing, then the others will search for them. It was during the camp of Kage Sama, the this glitch occurs. I killed a soldier, everyone went alarm alarm thingy. Then after they settle down next to the corpse of that soldier. The NPC was like, ""where are you? Are you hiding there?"" This cracks me up.Overall, this is a definitely fantastic masterpiece with very few glitches. Recommend!"
76561198031692633,Recommended,418240,31850653,Posted: 19 May,all,Tossba,9/10 very good nearly perfect game.
,Recommended,418240,31824043,Posted: 18 May,all,TickleMeRifle,great game!
,Recommended,418240,28306352,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,knb10000,"This is the game that I'm waiting for but I should not.Because In this game Lavel 2 has a badge for completing the mission in 5 min. But my completion time is little high 1 Hour.So I think that is impossible for me.After playing this game I realise money is not solution for everyting.And I ask my self the question that ""Why the hell Assassin's creed is Stealth game?"""
76561198030287399,Recommended,418240,28726511,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,西瓜玩偶,"I personally love this game very much. I missed the Commandos gameplay for a long time, and this one is catching me because I love the culture and the story very much. And actually ninjas fit the gameplay quite well. The levels are well designed, not too hard with normal mode but still very challenging."
,Recommended,418240,28263303,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,[ZSU] Venom,"This game is incredible! The gameplay is unique (Commandos, Desperados, or Robin Hood) and this game uses it perfectly, set in Japan during the Edo period, to tell the story of infiltration and assassination. I have been waiting a long time for a new game to come out in this genre and will shout praise from the rooftops for Shadow Tactics.The graphics are gorgeous and run easy. The mechanics are well explained and from what I have played so far (only the first two missions) the characters are likeable and mesh well skill-wise. The difficulty is challenging, yet not off-putting. If you have ever played one of the games I mentioned above, or you like the sound of a real-time stealth XCOM game, try this!"
76561197970653312,Recommended,418240,28267263,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Creamysmooth,"Just click on the buy button, dont bother with my review, seriously just trust me, its worth it.Saw this game had a Demo, thought to myself ""that is a good sign of confidence in your product, I will give that a go.""Played first level, loved every second of it, logged out and purchased straight away. Couldn't be happier with the decision, or give this game and the developers enough praise, they deserve it. Great gameplay mechanics, tactics and stealth that is fun to play, likable and engaging characters with a story that so far is enjoyable and beautiful stylised graphics in an interesting setting. I couldn't have asked for more honestly. I am incredibly impressed and happy with it.Like I said earlier, if you are still reading this, stop right now and go and purchase, these sort of games at this quality deserve to be supported."
,Recommended,418240,28265799,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Floki,Commandos and Afro Samurai love child.+ Good Graphics (Compared to what we are used to in this genre)+ Awesome Ambiance+ Great Soundtrack+ Diverse playability+ Good replay value+ No Irish accentsOverall well polished game with a sleek interface and cool menu.  Support these developers by buying this game.  Even at full price its worth every penny. Well done guys and thanks for bringing a Commandos style game back with good graphics and a Japanese voice pack. I hope theres gonna be dlc content for this :)
76561197970056734,Recommended,418240,28266217,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,simbabimba,What a refreshing game with perfect gameplay.  Whoever remembers Commandos from 1998 will love this game as it deploys similar mechanics with modernized interface and graphics.  Great athmosphere and good combination of puzzle solving and quick use of the available tools.   Highly recommended!
76561198035438777,Recommended,418240,28241239,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Coldshoke,"If you liked Commando back in the day, you will love this one.If you've never played Commando, it's a hard game, you need to take your time but in the end it's very rewarding.Technically it runs great, the first load time of the mission is a bit long but after that quick saves and loads are very fast.Highly recommended."
76561197998631246,Recommended,418240,28264848,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Reezy,This game reminds me of the Commandos franchise but with more likeable characters.
76561198215985741,Recommended,418240,28273949,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,void665,My Game of Year!
76561198094465274,Recommended,418240,28268404,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Othriadis,"This game is really a masterpiece!If you liked commando,you will love this.I hope games like this,more usually to be made"
76561198229115656,Recommended,418240,28273781,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Agent 47,"It's a stealth puzzle trail and error game. It reminds me a lot of Hitman, but top down RTS. I love it!!!"
,Recommended,418240,28797826,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Arvanion,"When I initially looked at this game, I hesitated a bit at the price tag. After playing the first level during the demo, though, I was sold on it entirely. There's so many things to enjoy about this game: the lovingly crafted environments, the varied and interesting playable characters, and the truly excellent soundtrack among them.If you're a fan of the genre, or even just of the aesthetic, don't hesitate.Shadow Tacticsis well worth the investment.上様のため！"
76561198080205632,Recommended,418240,28811703,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,raver2005,I rarely write a review but this game is absolute genius worth every penny
76561198251245876,Recommended,418240,28819096,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Jar Jar Binks,"Took me about 2 hrs to complete the first mission because I was not quite familiar with getting the right angle by rotating camera, and the keyboard settings are new to me as well :) Nevertheless, I would say that this is definitely one of the best games I've ever played. If you really have a thing for ninja stuff and stealth/strategy kinda games, this one is a must to play. 10/10"
76561197962211767,Recommended,418240,34677077,Posted: 1 September,all,Nerog,"A must for fans of ""Desperados: Wanted Dead or Alive"" or the Commandos series.Great replayability of missions."
76561198003945045,Recommended,418240,34093649,Posted: 7 August,all,piluex,Excelent game. Long time since I actually engage for long hours playing a videogame.
76561197970697591,Recommended,418240,28821392,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Dode,"Fantastic game.  Immersive, fun and aesthetically pleasing.  Tactical stealth game with some really nice mechanisms.  If in doubt try the demo, which is basically the first (large) level."
76561198083325512,Recommended,418240,34626568,Posted: 30 August,all,bebangs,I cried. 10/10
76561197995036317,Recommended,418240,34735759,Posted: 4 September,all,SAVCI,"I am a fan of Commandos series, I like Desparados too. But in my recent session with them, I realized that despite their quality, the controls were not aged gracefully. You say ""what is better than a mouse and a keyboard to play a game like Commandos?"" My answer is Shadow Tactics: Blades of the Shogun!!!I am writing this review after I finished the game on hardcore difficulty with an Xbox One controller. A CONTROLLER!This is a brillant game with great deal of polish and story.I salute the creators for controller support and bringing the genre to this generation.Don't pre-order games in today's world kids, but god damn it, I want to give this studio my money today for their next game !Again, it is a MUST BUY !Developers like this deserve all the support!"
76561198323907456,Recommended,418240,34795641,Posted: 7 September,all,shoryushoryu,"I don't usually write reviews but I just finished this game last night and was thoroughly impressed by this stealth game. Having never played games like Commandos or Desperados before, I wasn't sure what to expect.It's a great mix of action and tactical gameplay, and while it is sometimes unforgiving it never seems unfair because you are given a variety of options to clear all situations. Shadow Tactics stays fresh by introducing a number of new mechanics as you progress. In this sense, it's more akin to a puzzle game than anything and even playing on the easiest settings will provide a challenging experience.Dying and reloading your save is part of the experience and a timer even warns you when you spend too much time playing without saving. But the game also maintains a very high level of polish across all 13 levels and forces you to find new character combinations to solve challenges.The only gameplay flaw I can find is that the ""Shadow mode"" that allows you to stack character actions simultaneously is poorly explained and feels clunky when playing with a controller. Because of this, I played the entire game without even using it.The story is pretty standard but well executed and the characters are likeable. The music is beautiful and the visuals are gorgeous and full of enticing details.The overall package is extremely good for old-school, patient players who enjoy methodical gameplay. Well-polished games like this one where everything just clicks are becoming very rare in this day and age."
76561198059083378,Recommended,418240,30896305,Posted: 2 April,all,RykZa,"Brilliant game, exactly what I was looking for.There's nothing to fault from this game, I want a sequal."
76561198126969804,Recommended,418240,29817138,Posted: 9 February,all,✪ V.I.P,"Awesome graphics, 10\10"
76561198023191104,Recommended,418240,28230526,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Charb,"Everything Daedalic touches,turns to gold."
,Recommended,418240,28392138,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Brightlight,Makes me wanna throw my pc out10/10
,Recommended,418240,28925352,Posted: 1 January,all,420_E-Sports_Masta,"This is a truly fantastic game. I downloaded the demo (yes, it has a demo!), and after playing the first mission, uninstalled the demo (and later found out that my progress in the demo transferred to the main game!). Bought the game and have absolutely no regrets. Very similar to the old Commandos games -- utterly excellent gameplay, no bugs, lovely Japanese voice acting, fantastic quality. Absolutely worth the asking price. I look forward to spending many evenings in the Edo era."
76561198002404522,Recommended,418240,28228367,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,EarlOfGetzington,"I´m not really deep in, just played the first 4 missions, but..... If you grew up with games like Commandos 2 and especially Desperados, this is SO right down your alley! Glad to see that this long dead genre is having a little comeback. Love the characters, love the level design so far. I can only imagine it to get better since I haven´t tried out all the characters yet. Another sellpoint for me, of course is that it heavily borrows from one of my very favorite novels: Shogun - by James Clavell. But even without that, check it out if you liked the above classics. I really hope this is just the first of many to come!"
76561198030190903,Recommended,418240,29380070,Posted: 20 January,all,Talon,"I love this game, I've wanted to play the old Commandos game for a while and can't get it to work anymore.  This game takes the same style and does it even better, and its refreshing to buy a game when it first comes out and for it to have no bugs."
76561198027571527,Recommended,418240,28978624,Posted: 3 January,all,Pulluxx,"Shadow Tactics is grrrrreat. If you've never played any real time stealth tactical games before (such as Commandos, Desperados or Robin Hood) this should absolutely be your first one. It improves on the old classics in every facet, making it a sleek, thorough and wholesome experience.For people new to the genre, this is a great entry point, for veterans it is a must. A very unique game experience that truly rewards planning, execution and mastery of the tools at your disposal. The game has replayability in spades as well I would wager, directly after finishing it myself I immediately started replaying the previous missions in order to try out different ways of completing them.It's a game that takes time, dedication and many tries. Expect to quicksave and quickload a lot, and expect to feel like you're on top of the world when you pull off your plan perfectly."
,Recommended,418240,29127898,Posted: 8 January,all,Saturn,Fantastic game. Highly recommend it.
,Recommended,418240,28226887,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Misfit410,"Absolutely fantastic game,  takes me back to the weeks on end I'd spend beating levels in Commandos.Not sure it's for everyone but if you're either into the old Commandos/Desperados style games, or into HItman/MGS/Tenchu, this game will most likely be something you're not going to want to miss."
,Recommended,418240,30439185,Posted: 10 March,all,Bruebeard,"Shadow Tactics is a thoughtful puzzle that can get your heart going at times, have you marvel at your luck and revel in your masterful planning. Also, as a father, I appreciate games I can pick up for a short time and come back to."
,Recommended,418240,30489494,Posted: 13 March,all,SilverDragon,"I haven't played much of this yet, but it is so much like Commandos in the best of ways. Already highly recommended!"
,Recommended,418240,29430641,Posted: 22 January,all,village_admin,"""Good idea... i suppose.""Some minor annoying UI things that caused me to die in places, but the unlimited quick save/load made up for it. Over all i do not regret playing the game and enjoyed it. If you enjoyed Commandos or Crookz then get this game."
,Recommended,418240,29698498,Posted: 4 February,all,TheGoldenStevie,"My only complaint about this game is the enemy's view. When you have enemies that are in the heat of a firefight, it doesn't make sense for the enemies to be able to spot you behind every one of the NPC friendly soldiers."
,Recommended,418240,30325930,Posted: 4 March,all,Inconsolable,"It's great! Remember Mercenaries? I do, and I loved that series. This is a return to form. Everything you loved from Mercenaries made better. The characters are diverse and interesting, the skills are unique and fun to use, and the story is surprisingly good. It's not for everyone, but for those who are fans, this is everything you wanted."
76561197969615046,Recommended,418240,30754744,Posted: 26 March,all,Devin,"I loved Commandos years ago and when I saw this game I had to jump at the chance to play it.  Any hardcore fan of stealth gameplay will enjoy this game.  The developers have done a perfect job at reviving the once dead genre from classic stealth games such as Commandos and Desperados.You have to go into this game thinking of it as a puzzle game.  Because each level has to be thought out carefully.  If you go in with the idea of just winging it, or if you are someone who doesn't have the patience to sit and plan out your moves, you won't enjoy this game much I imagine.  I'm not the best with stealth mechanics but I do enjoy them and for me this game was quite the challenge.  Quicksave and quickload will be your best friend.  And the game even has a timer at the top of the screen showing you how long it has been since you last saved the game.  It can be very punishing but it is VERY satifying when you pull it off.It stays very faithful to the gameplay mechanics of those games of old I mentioned while also implementing its own mechanic that I hadn't seen before.  You are able to queue up an action for each of the team members under your control and then press a single button to watch it all execute at once.  It works very well and lets you pull off some very complex maneuvers.Great story with greath characters and great gameplay.I don't really have anything bad to say about this game.  Throughout my 22hours of play time to complete the game I only noticed a single UI graphical bug, which didn't interfere with my gameplay, and that was it.  If you are someone that likes a challenge or just stealth games in general you owe it to yourself to play this game."
,Recommended,418240,30019435,Posted: 18 February,all,djreiss,"This game doesn't need my help, but it is exactly as awesome as advertised. I want more! if there was a version of this game with power creep I'd play it eternally, but that mechanic would probably ruin the delicate balance of what the game currently is (which is perrrfect)."
,Recommended,418240,29307266,Posted: 16 January,all,Caznova,wow
76561198022009600,Recommended,418240,29635054,Posted: 1 February,all,Bartivsworld,Top Game!I hat a lot of fun!
76561197960405709,Recommended,418240,30453364,Posted: 11 March,all,nope,"Terrific. I loved this game.The scenarios can be challenging, but the gameplay opens up in a way that allows you to experiment with different solutions and strategies."
76561197997465909,Recommended,418240,30831306,Posted: 30 March,all,UGI,"This game is really really good.I am QA and it is my hobby to change game settings and key binding as I wish. So they made very flexible setting.The only problm is with camera, but time will hill that wound.Best Commandos since Commandos."
76561198051502544,Recommended,418240,33845036,Posted: 27 July,all,hulkmeister,The puzzles on every level are extremely addicting.
76561198082990005,Recommended,418240,32704120,Posted: 23 June,all,Spíndola,"Jogo muito bom , a primeira gameplay demorei 60horas para chegar ao fim e agora quero começar de novo para adotar um estilo mais furtivo do que eliminar 90% dos inimigos.Quer mais desafios ?  Jogue novamente e faça os objetivos adicionaisQuer cheats ?  No menu de opçoes digite ""honorless"" - Use o F10 e os botoles Insert , delete, home,end , page up e page down.Quer criatividade ? Tente fazer todas as fases apenas com o Hayato sem shuriken.Quer pancadaria ?  Faça barulho e use o skill do mugen em AOE , se esconda , repita.Franco atirador ?  Ache os npc´s com nomes unicos e os ponha para dormir.Exercito de um perneta só  ? Trapaceie e exploda o mapa todo com o Velhinho e divirta-seEsconde- Esconde ? Yuki chanQuer aproveitar o cenario ? Use somente a AikoFã dos Commandos ? Quer se divertir ?Jogue Shadow Tactics!!_______________________________________________________________________________Very good game , The first run took over 60 hours to finish the game and i played nice and slow killing 90% of enemies and slowly advancing , now i want to play again and adopt a style of total stealth non-letal run.Want challenges  ? Finish the game and play again and do the bonus challenges.Be creative !?  Play only with Hayato without shuriken.Want bloodshed ?  Select mugen , noise , sword wind, hide ,wait and repeat.  And drop those body on the roofWant to  enjoy the cenary ? Play with Aiko only.Sniper mode ?  Find the special npc´s with diferent names and put them to sleep.One legged man army ? Cheat and bomb away everything. Very funny!Want to play Hide and Seek ? Yuki chanWant to cheat ?  During a mission press esc and type ""honorless"" - Go back to the game and try the buttons  F10 ,Insert and the num pad 1 to 5  , delete , home, end , page up e page down .  Have fun cheater...btw no badge win.Commandos fan  ? Want to have fun  ?Play Shadow Tactics!!"
76561198022955574,Recommended,418240,28302465,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Yakumo Yukari,"Best Commando game for the last 5 years, a true follow-up.Nice Japanese casting and cultural atmosphere, one can see that Dev has really done their homeworkExpecting a series."
76561198065730705,Recommended,418240,28246885,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,FlySC,"First of all, this is one of the few games that offer a demo version, so if you are on the fence thinking about buying this, try out the demo and see if you like it.Blades of the Shogun is a stealth/strategy game in which you control different characters with different skills to get (stealthily) through a mission. It plays very similar to  Commandos 3, so if you enjoyed that game definitely give this a go, games of this type are rare and this one is really well made.As the name suggests, the setting is Japan, you try to uncover a conspiracy against the shogun, and the characters are all based in japanese culture (ninja, samurai, geisha...).The game is excelent in basically every aspect. The characters have a very distinct personality, the voiceacting for them is great and the story is quite interesting so far. They also all play very differently and the fun is in figuring out how to combine their various skills to beat the level. I am four missions in as I write this review, and so far the level design is great, many different ways to get to your objective. Each mission also comes with a set of challenges, some of them very difficult, so if you are a completionist or enjoy a good challenge, there is plenty of content for you in this game. It is also quite difficult, even on normal the enemies are pretty smart and your characters quite squishy, if one of your characters dies it is instant gameover. You really get revarded for good planning and patience. Oh, and save-scumming a lot aswell. The gameplay feels smooth and responsive, the skills are very intuitive, and the tutorial is great at teching you the basics.The whole game seems very nicely polished, shout out to the save-timer (there is a little timer at the top of the screen that shows you how much time has passed since your last quicksave... ever forgot to quicksave in a game only to have to replay half a level? Well, you won't forget in this game. And they even gave you the option to turn it off if you don't like to have the timer, really nice quality of life feature).I haven't played a commandos 3 type of game like this in ages, so seeing this pop up on steam and be really good was a very pleasent surprise.Get this game if:-You enjoy stealth games-You enjoy strategy, analizing a level and thinking of ways to overcome obstacles-You enjoy a challenge-You played and liked commandos 3-You like the idea of playing various very cool characters in a japanese setting, listening to their awesome japanese (or english if you prefer) voicesIf any of the above apply to you, do yourself a favour and get this game, you will not regret it!"
76561198170045799,Recommended,418240,28613108,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Christovovap,"I remember quite enjoying playing the old commandos game so I assumed that this would be a good buy. But the game preceded my expectations. I could not stop playing until the end, first thing after coming from job was playing Shadow tactics. I SO wish they would made more content, maybe another campaign with different characters or playable DLC ... well, sadly not. That is maybe only negative thing I could say about this game, other than that this is a diamond amongst stealth strategy games."
,Recommended,418240,28615837,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Inferno Dialer,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ did this come out of nowhere. The last game of this genre I played was one of the Commandos games years ago. And here I thought this genre was dead.Pros:+Amazing team-based stealth gameplay+Great story, with enjoyable characters+Each characters comes with a unique set of skills that work amazingly together especially if you're creative enough+Each level is just a little different from others and there are multiple ways and approaches to each level+Loads of challenges and achivements for completionistsCons:-Some levels have tiny paths that are difficult to see/navigate your characters on-Some minor bugs such as enemies getting distracted and no longer resuming their normal stance/routeVerdict:Aside from a few problems that can easily be fixed this an excellent game. If you like the Commando series or the Desperado games or want a challenging team-based stealth game then get this.Edit: Apparently there's free rotation and I was just being dumb."
76561198144365023,Recommended,418240,28919422,Posted: 1 January,all,rado907,"Beat it - took 22 hours. This is GOTY for me, 10/10, would pre-order sequel.The game is a Desperados in Japan.Pros:+ Great graphics and 360 camera rotation.+ Excellent level design.+ Quick reload times.+ The game is challenging, especially if one tries to go for badges and play cleanly (no alarms, no kills on certain levels, no guns, etc). Beat level 12 with the pacifist achievement and it was hard.+ The metagame offers tons of replayability. There are all sorts of badges and achievements to shoot for.+ The characters are fun, I liked them.+ The story is actually good even though a story isn't even necessary in this genre.Cons:None, really. The game has a few quirks such as the lack of an ability to tie unconscious enemies, and bottomless ninja bushes. But those work fine as mechanics.Really hope the devs would follow Blades of Shogun with 3-4 more similar titles. This genre can work in any setting - historical, fantasy, scifi, whatever you can think of. Looking forward to the next game with the Shadow Tactics engine.GOTY for me, pleasantly surprised."
76561198081089728,Not Recommended,418240,33942365,Posted: 31 July,all,LazyEyedLizard,"I wanted to like this, but i won't even finish it.Everything looks good on paper. The levels look beautiful and are well put together. But the abilities are so few that completing any given objective actually feels very linear, and lacking freedom, making the quicksave quickload gameplay extremely tedious."
,Recommended,418240,31132184,Posted: 14 April,all,napoleonic_sp007rz,"Real time isometric squad tactics made a return with a bang via this game!In this game you control a group of 5 people throughout a linear story based single player campaign, and the game put heavy emphasis on stealth via trial and error while observing enemy patrol patterns...each of your 5 characters have different gameplay style and unique abilities that often compliment each others, for example :a guy is able to throw rocks to distract the guard view area, another guy able to throw a bottle of sake to make certain guards divert from his patrol to pick it up, a girl can make a noise that make the guards follow her and so on, just discover them yourself in the game...the game will challenge you to make best of these characters playing style to complete the missions... the missions themselves are rather monotonous in theme because all you have to do are either kill someone, or retrieve someone or escape from somewhere, however despite that they have enough uniqueness in them and doesn't really feel repetitive...and the game is hard, especially for those not familiar with the genre before, and if you do feel it unfamiliar and too hard it's not really your fault as the genre was pretty much died out for more than a decade and that it was already a niche subgenre in the already pretty niche strategy genre.the game also require you to use quick save a lot, as you will need a lot of trials and errors to understand and complete the puzzle like nature of the gameplay and the levels...beyond the gameplay related things, the game is also solid on many area, the graphics are okay, the performance is okay however surprisingly it's superb on the audio, not only the limited japanese 'classical' soundtracks sounds good, but also the sound fx are nice, most surprising of all it has option to use japanese audio for the dialogues and narration and they sounded superb, in some ways players generally in agreement that the japanese audio is superior to the english one, and it is remarkable for this kind of niche indie game.this is definitely a recommended game for strategy lovers, and it may also be the perfect game for newcomers who never played this type of game before.psfor those with ultrawide monitors, you will need to do some hex editing to make this game properly rendered for uw fov, otherwise it just cropped down the image from normal wide fovhttp://steamcommunity.com/app/418240/discussions/0/152392786902511093/you may require to redo it every patches though."
76561198273283289,Recommended,418240,31097313,Posted: 12 April,all,witch99soso,مثل ما تم ذكرة في وصف اللعبة انها مناسبه للهاردكوراللعبه تقوم على اساس التجسس والاغتيالاتايضا مناسبة لمن يحب التحديات وتحزير تحركات الاعداء والنيل منهم .القصة جميلة ومحمسة جدا الاحداث تتحرك بسرعة متسلسله .الاعداء ذكيين لكنهم ليسوا بتلك الصعوبة ف اخيرا كل شيء يتم عن طريق الذكاء والتكتيك.يوجد تحديات عديدة في كل مرحلة بحيث انهم يمكنك لعب المرحلة اكثر من مرة  مثلانهاء المرحلة في اقل من 20 دقيقةعدم قتل المدنيناخفاء كافه الاعداء و الخ..الاسلحة عديدة ومتنوعة ولكل شخصية قدرات مختلفة عن غيرها كالسرعة - سرعة القتل - الضوضاء التي يسببها - قدرة حمل الجثة - السباحة - التسسلق ....الرسومات والجرافيك جدا جميل وعالي الجودة .واخيرا ابريء ذمتي من كل ذنب تحمله اللعبة من معتقات وموسيقى و الخ
,Recommended,418240,28232325,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Hydra,"Worthy spiritual successor to commandos which improves upon it with a good story, strong characters, and a solid interface. Then there is soundtrack which is absolutely divine."
76561197970701643,Recommended,418240,30845186,Posted: 30 March,all,Liam Neeson Punching Wolves,Do you like stealth? Do you like Japan?This is your game.
76561198017586082,Recommended,418240,28296677,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,TheSpaniard,"Really fun stealth game, polished, beautiful, some humorous moments and available on Steam Machine . . . A must buy!"
,Recommended,418240,30899607,Posted: 2 April,all,Awpteamoose,"I was never a Commandos or Desperados fan, I found games of the like to be a bit too fiddly. But this one is really, really good. It removes all the annoying, fiddly bits and leaves pure planning and tactics. Because of all the tools it gives you it can get away with being rather challenging (especially on higher difficulty), but never unfairly so.If anything about this game looked interesting - you should absolutely get it. A steal for such low price."
76561198007165405,Recommended,418240,30912267,Posted: 2 April,all,Frank McFuzz,"I've never played Commandos, or the games this gets compared to very frequently, so I view this without a coating of nostalgia. Additionally, I typically don't like stealth games that don't also have a heavy focus on action.That being said, as a strategy fan, this game is fantastic. It should be viewed less like an action strategy game, and more like a series of puzzles. You use the tools you have been given to complete the levels. There are 5 characters in total with their own abilities, and they usually give you only a couple for each level to mix up how you tackle challenges by combining character skills. Furthermore, tha game is quite long; I am 11 hours in and up to the 8th level (of 13), and the levels are getting longer, more complex, and more challenging as the game progresses.Levels also have extra challenges and checklists for completionists who want to 'finish the level without going in the water' and stuff like that. If you want it to, the game can last you a long time.The one bad thing I would say about the game is that it's generous with save points. I suppose it has to be. But I would probably prefer if there were a limit to the amount of quicksaves per level. As it stands, I kill one guard, quicksave, and rinse and repeat, it's a biiiig safety net but removes a big layer of threat if you can just reload the last 6 seconds. However, it's a playing style and in no way reflects the quality of the game and the very clever layout of the maps and missions.Arbitrary score for ya'll TL;DR folks out there.8.5/10+Great gameplay+Varied characters+Well laid out and memorable maps.+Challenging-Quicksaves are infinite and generous"
,Recommended,418240,30965231,Posted: 5 April,all,McDohl,"Who needs a kimono for disguise, when u can draw the attention from the enemy with THROWING A STONE?-Classic Hayato"
,Recommended,418240,31145796,Posted: 14 April,all,The Doctor,"Loved it, game is hard and punishing, there are many ways to accomplish your objectives, its creative, the graphics are pretty, the music is fitting. 9/10"
76561198045771506,Not Recommended,418240,33931002,Posted: 31 July,all,Dreadone,Great game. But the map  got stuck at the last part of mount tsuru right after rescuing the samurai. I cannot play the rest of the story ...
76561197974770053,Recommended,418240,28226959,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Big Shooter,A top-tier stealth title.
,Recommended,418240,34222702,Posted: 13 August,all,C:aptain,I recommend this game
76561197992008434,Recommended,418240,28437528,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,SandwiCh,SHADOW TICTACS: BREATH OF THE SHOGUN
,Recommended,418240,28478240,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Hilary T. & Zeus,v good
76561198039820695,Recommended,418240,31387583,Posted: 26 April,all,Ram Dais,"amazing game. Why isn't it more advertised?, nice art and great playability."
76561198004167067,Recommended,418240,31344046,Posted: 24 April,all,Greean,"I absolutely loved this game, so much this is my first review on steam.It's a puzzle/tactical game that made me stop and try to work out how to get pass or kill mobs to achieve the goal.The only negatives i would highlight and they are only small are,1) When grouping or sending characters to the same spot they can push each other out of the way sometimes into enemy line of sight.2) You can sometimes end up spending more time fighting the camera than enemies (anyone that's played it will know which mission)also if anyone can recommend another game of the same type that works on Win10 I'd be grateful as i can't get the commandos series to work :("
,Recommended,418240,31641893,Posted: 9 May,all,Joonjitsu [YT],"This is a game that we really needed to be made. Very solid, old school tactical stealth game.I love it! 10/10, 11 with rice!"
,Recommended,418240,31012616,Posted: 8 April,all,Hyb_rid,"Gonzalo Suarez and rest of Pyro studios must be proud to see after all those years someone finally make Commandos successor again. For fans of this genre it's a must and I firmly believe it will make a lot of new one from younger gens. Soundtrack is like a magic, so immersive and with so pleasantly chosen visual it just sucks you in and won't let go for hours. Overall very well made, ultimately my only problem i can think of is from certain camera angles actions are not available but I guess that's unity limitation and you get used to this rather quickly. Replay value with all those badges to collect is enormous because believe me, you will at least try to figure them out. Big thank you to Mimimi productions a hopefully we will see expansion/sequel or alike new game in future."
76561197970507996,Recommended,418240,31322981,Posted: 23 April,all,D.Koi,"Took me 25 hours to finish this game on my first playthru.. and I can honestly say that this is one of the most enjoyable stealth game I have played in the last decade.Positives+Great stealth mechanics+Engaging story+Many different ways to tackle the same situation+Replayability is insanely high if you wish to get all the badges (optional mission objectives)+Excellent level design+5 Unique character design all with different skill setsNegatives-This can be a stressful game, some area of the game is pretty difficult (need to reload a save file over and over again)-The camera can work against you in certain situations-The user intereface is a little clunkyOverall I highly recommend this game. This is a puzzle game in a way... and I understand that this game might not be for everyone... but if you are into stealth games and like to use your brain and up for a challenge, BUY THIS RIGHT NOW."
,Recommended,418240,31333241,Posted: 23 April,all,Mothra,"Shadow Tactics: Blades of the Shogun is a fantastic and very clever team stealth game. The game's campaign has 13 missions that are each quite long and involved. The various enemies and obstacles you encounter throughout each mission have a multitude of solutions - your assassins each have their own bag of tricks, and the maps themselves leave all sorts of non-obvious shortcuts for you to exploit. Each mission has a set of optional challenges, many of which turn a level you've already played and beaten into something entirely different. This is a very meaty game with significant replayability.I found the game frustrating at times due to several factors: 1) it's easy to screw up, 2) most screw-ups either lead to a fail-state or make the mission harder, 3) gameplay is all real-time, 4) you sometimes have to fight the interface + camera, 5) **load times**. Just about everyone who plays this game is going to screw up regularly and find themselves sitting around waiting to reload their last save, and those load times aren't short. The game itself expects things to go wrong, in fact; if you go for 1-2 minutes without saving, a notification appears toward the top of the screen displaying how long you've played since your last quicksave (a good feature, by the way). All these post-failure time-outs could be a deal-breaker for some players. I've got a pretty powerful machine here that made those mid-mission reloads bearable. Were that not the case, I might not have played the game all the way through.Aside from the aforementioned issue, this game is pretty much a diamond in the rough. If you like stealth games or real-time strategy games and can handle the game's difficulty, Shadow Tactics is worth your time."
,Recommended,418240,31211620,Posted: 17 April,all,=CLA= Fire_Storm,"Just a beautifully designed, voiced, drawn and executed game. It's well-crafted, challenging, thoughtful and nearly every other superlative you can ascribe. If you like thougtful games and the warm fuzzy feeling of pulling off a well-planned murder or 3, then you should give this a go. My game of the year."
,Recommended,418240,28347585,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Marquez von Hinten,The game exceeded all my exspectations. A great new entry in the real-time tactics genre.
76561198051371610,Recommended,418240,30907391,Posted: 2 April,all,WarrenG.Hard-on,Fun and challenging. 10/10
76561198167432419,Recommended,418240,28323821,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,armangresik,Great game..You must have this game..
,Recommended,418240,34593629,Posted: 29 August,all,Vegetto,Good game! Worth it.
76561197984596649,Recommended,418240,30786578,Posted: 27 March,all,soujirou,"Having only played the first two levels so far, this game reminds me of everything good about Commandos and add a great fudal Japan setting. So far the gameplay is very nice, having the option and control to focus on the surrounding area and not only on the character works very well. Controller support is excelent."
76561198248635348,Recommended,418240,30827776,Posted: 29 March,all,inCy WinCy,good strategy games..good in graphic..good in performance..all good..
,Recommended,418240,30842443,Posted: 30 March,all,Saphrym,"Game mechanics are a pure joy in this game. The ability to right-click the ground and have it tell you if that spot is visible to a bad guy? Pure genius. That would have sold me alone, but the huge array of toys? The dialogue of the characters? This game is pure stealth poetry. I cannot recommend it enough."
,Recommended,418240,30916730,Posted: 2 April,all,MarowaK,Commandos with samurais and ninjas 10/10
,Recommended,418240,30777586,Posted: 27 March,all,Llama,The best stealth game there is since Mark of the Ninja.
76561197967342475,Recommended,418240,30455450,Posted: 11 March,all,Verbal,What the ♥♥♥♥ are you reading this for?!?!..just buy the ♥♥♥♥ing thing!!!
76561198027937959,Recommended,418240,30913960,Posted: 2 April,all,arothbauer,So much yes in one game.
76561198010681732,Recommended,418240,30791459,Posted: 28 March,all,Stoned Fox,"SO MUCH YES!!! This game is great! You need patience and practice. Save often... I've only played the first level and it took me over an hour.Basically you get a ""squad"" of characters with very different skills... and you have to sneak around a rather large map to complete certain objectives. The characters and skills are widely varied and the game allows you to take multiple approches to complete the missions.This game unfortunately lacks a multiplayer option, which is a shame. I could imagine very interesting gameplay if each character could be controlled by different players. I'd also like to see a level editor... but I can understand why that would be a bit difficult.In any case... this game is awesome. I'll be playing it to the end, that's for sure. Get it! Even the non-sale price is worth it!"
76561197995898459,Recommended,418240,30628891,Posted: 19 March,all,Ilystil,"I wasn't sure it would measure up to Commandos 2. It's actually better in most aspects while still being a little bit different and thus manage to bring something new to the genre.I would highly recommend it for people who played Commandos/Desperados games and enjoyed it. As for the others, there is a free demo so you can try and see if it suits you. ;)"
76561198006880062,Recommended,418240,28700649,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Clockwork,"Initially, I wasn't convinced I would enjoy this type of game. I was looking for a ninja/stealth game. I figured I would give it a chance, and I bought it. By the time I finished the first level, I was happy I purchased the game, and was excited to play more. I could also tell the developers put a lot of love into the game, and the overall quality of the game shows it."
76561198068753941,Recommended,418240,28779396,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Cyber Polska,"The most frustrating game I own, good job! Honestly this is the only game of it's type I own and I am certainly loving it so far. The levels are hard as all get out, but in ways that feel fair, so when I finnally beat them it feels great. No jokes, just go try this game!"
,Recommended,418240,28384370,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Shad0wRunn3r,"This game completely caught me by surprise and oh boy....I am still only on the second map, as some parts can be hard or I simply don't have time, but is it fun? Hell yeah.It is not an easy game, but not frustrating at the same time. I remember Commandos when I was a kid, even if I loved it, sometimes annoyed the fk out of me, but Shadow Tactics is so fun and flexible, you can try dozens of ways dispatching your enemies.The different characters are fun, quite different in their utilization, you really have many choices on how you solve the ""puzzles"". Music and voice acting is great, level design is superb, graphics are not demanding but still looking very aesthetic. You can see that the devs worked hard on this gem, it is very polished, fluent and fun. As many people before me said, if you liked Commandos, Desperados or real time tactics and stealth in general, definitely buy this game."
76561198176712719,Recommended,418240,30851392,Posted: 31 March,all,hijaupolos,"Love it, worth every cent :) , so fun to play, unique character, nice story, and beautiful grafic, if you love comandos type of games you will love this game :)"
,Recommended,418240,32475938,Posted: 16 June,all,Waylander the Slayer,"Best stealth strategy game I've ever played. Buy it at full price to support the devs, it's that good."
,Recommended,418240,31929125,Posted: 23 May,all,IVAR the boneless,what a great game
76561198081005334,Recommended,418240,30939471,Posted: 4 April,all,Stranger,Wake up little knife.
,Recommended,418240,28528783,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Eudae,"Surprisingly longer than I expected. Recommended purchase if you're a fan of tactics games. I'd purchase a sequel immediately.It's got a great sense of style, the characters are all very likeable and their skills are unique. It probably took me around 10-15 hours to beat the whole thing (some of the played time is me alt-tabbing, ha). The story is somewhat engaging but not the main reason I play tactics games so no real opinion there. I sort of wish there was a sense of skill progression at some points but it's not really necessary. There ARE multiple ways to play through maps although this doesn't really appeal to me so replayability is somewhat low once you go through the hardest difficulty. They also offer ""badges"" but AFAIK they have no impact on the game so unless you really like achievements it's fairly pointless to chase them. You also lack the ability to pick which characters you bring into missions so some missions are played a certain way; there are a few missions where all characters are available.All in all, well worth the price."
76561198072826923,Recommended,418240,28487907,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,KOS-MOS,Thank you Mimimi for saving 2016.
,Recommended,418240,31977223,Posted: 26 May,all,GingerRoss,Ninjas are awesome.
,Recommended,418240,31971972,Posted: 26 May,all,drAke,Amazing game! Get it !
76561198043110160,Recommended,418240,28308813,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Fractal,"A very polished game - no bugs and pitch-perfect game design right out of the gate; frankly more so than most Triple-A games at twice the price.If you haven't played isometric stealth games before (the Commando and Desperado francises, for instance), think of it as something between Mark of the Ninja (but squad-based); Invisibles Inc (but real time) and Dishonored (but top-down 3rd-person). It is both forgiving enough to be fun and with enough optional goals to be challenging.The option to play it with Japanese voice acting is also a nice touch."
,Recommended,418240,28353158,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,VG Purist,"Very well made and crafted Stealth Game!At first the controls seemed a bit unfamiliar, but after the first playthrough it all made sense and I was able to easily control and play.Every playthrough and attempt will have a good chance at being different from the last.  For example, I finished a map and afterwards I wanted to try and finish all of the achievements in it and I could not replicate some of the things I had done for the first run.Artwork and atmosphere is quite well done.  The movements in the game are also quite well done and fluid.The game is easy yet punishes you for any mistake.  Though even if you do mess up, there is a chance that you can still get away and reset after being found.The 5 characters themselves have an interesting background and story.  The voice acting for them are really well done and even in English the characters have an authentic Japanese accent.https://youtu.be/86Y5-tDi4mQOverall well worth the money and lives up to the hype!"
76561198157468483,Recommended,418240,32612071,Posted: 21 June,all,Extra Thicc,Cuz im a sneaky weeb ....
,Recommended,418240,32815515,Posted: 26 June,all,k77zéro,I saw cute girl setting trap for Donald ding-dong in the game.
,Recommended,418240,32882531,Posted: 27 June,all,I.W. Pope,The green sake!Reminds me of Commandos (the best game ever made period)- the only thing missing is the green sake!Huzzah!
76561197996375739,Recommended,418240,29242505,Posted: 14 January,all,GlopPaglop,"So many reviews, no need to repeat what the others already say. A very good game indeed."
76561198035071009,Recommended,418240,32761069,Posted: 25 June,all,Versmoor,"Simply amazing. Beloved Commandos 2 but better. If you loved Commandos, this is it! Smooth gameplay, beautiful scenery, great music, fantastic interface... Well done to the developers! Hope we get a DLC expansion soon!"
,Recommended,418240,32898075,Posted: 27 June,all,duke_sama,Interesting and cool!Highly recommended.
,Recommended,418240,31020945,Posted: 8 April,all,♥KasualBoon♥htkn,"snow dyes mountain passblistering sky, sparrows flyvery recommend"
76561198030315156,Recommended,418240,31240111,Posted: 19 April,all,Willa,Super!Reminds me of the old game Commandos.I´ll buy all the addons and sequals!!!Recommended by Second Lieutenant Willamo.
76561197963664525,Recommended,418240,28577561,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Terkala,"Great gameplay, engaging story. But sadly lacks a progression system common to these kinds of games. Still, an almost perfect game."
76561198070087150,Recommended,418240,28533229,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,madzmikes,Awesome stealth RTS game
76561197977799532,Recommended,418240,28736663,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,sharbelt,I got the demo and got hooked.The game is a fantastioc throwbacl to the commandos games.I am looking forward t any expansions and DLC.This game is a masterpiece
76561197990239008,Recommended,418240,28726444,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,NateDizzy,"Only played 3 missions so far, but I'm loving it. If you're a fan of Commandos, this game is for you."
,Recommended,418240,28438363,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,SaranKhorne,♥♥♥♥ing Straw hats
,Recommended,418240,30237698,Posted: 28 February,all,Pink Guy,"Fun tactical stealth game, highly recommended!"
,Recommended,418240,29728177,Posted: 5 February,all,skallen,"Awesome ""commandos""-inspired game."
76561198110972532,Recommended,418240,33830362,Posted: 27 July,all,mulan nugget sauce,Amazing game
76561198023974117,Recommended,418240,33939034,Posted: 31 July,all,billhun,lot of fun and nice plot
,Recommended,418240,33837817,Posted: 27 July,all,kyoukei,"awesome game, worth every penny!"
,Recommended,418240,28440805,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,OIM,a cool stealth tactics game that came out of nowheretry the demo
76561197973064382,Recommended,418240,28302130,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Ember,This is a very nice game.  You can be as intricate or brutal as you want across the various objectives.  I played all the way through the demo in one sitting and bought it full
76561197970466048,Recommended,418240,32628552,Posted: 21 June,all,SuperMonkey,I recommend this game.
,Recommended,418240,31511482,Posted: 2 May,all,vader,ahhh... nostalgia. The new avatar of commandos. I just loved it.
,Recommended,418240,28293180,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,SterlingSzal,"Havent had so much fun playing a game since witcher 3, buy it!!"
76561198035407499,Recommended,418240,28428715,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,nick.mitzen,So good!
76561198066957078,Recommended,418240,28690435,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,死んだ子供達,Must have.
,Recommended,418240,33559552,Posted: 15 July,all,Hu$tl3r,This is a really nice strategy game in ancient Japan. Gfx and sound are good.
76561198314984948,Recommended,418240,34185209,Posted: 12 August,all,dragica.brangjolica,graet game
76561198005132643,Recommended,418240,33506955,Posted: 13 July,all,Thundercat710,Throwback to Commandos.  Nice!
,Recommended,418240,34195455,Posted: 12 August,all,Sugar Bread,Holy ♥♥♥♥♥♥ good game tactic and such
76561198402389940,Recommended,418240,34475986,Posted: 25 August,all,LUCKYDOG,what a great game ! 就是有点费脑子
76561198062559857,Recommended,418240,29060576,Posted: 6 January,all,Leurfe,"This is like no other game I've played before, simply outstanding"
76561198002651842,Recommended,418240,28481864,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Dan,Amazing game.Takes me back to playing the commandos games.Havnt come across any bugs.10/10
,Recommended,418240,31193541,Posted: 16 April,all,plissken_dk,"Awesome game, if you played commandos back in the day, you'll fell right at home. Only minus: need more missions - now!"
76561198074409378,Recommended,418240,31381393,Posted: 26 April,all,avstriez,nice
76561198010786493,Recommended,418240,31382080,Posted: 26 April,all,Kivvi Bird,"Good game, challenging, can cause rage"
76561198011635427,Recommended,418240,31414125,Posted: 28 April,all,psylo23,awesome
,Recommended,418240,31736259,Posted: 13 May,all,Pedro Braz,Superb game! A must play!
76561198260125678,Recommended,418240,31934273,Posted: 24 May,all,South',"Oh my god, this is an awesome game for sure. The graphic, the gameplay just perfect, love it!"
76561198077145574,Recommended,418240,33980024,Posted: 2 August,all,thamtham,good game... more game like this please mimimi
76561198056081551,Recommended,418240,34623840,Posted: 30 August,all,DoggoBloggo,"So far, I am having a great time! Makes me want to watch Rurouni Kenshin again because of how awesome this game is and I am only at the starting levels!"
76561198042726477,Recommended,418240,31208084,Posted: 17 April,all,RandyFknMarsh,Hard AF. still fun though
,Recommended,418240,31360802,Posted: 25 April,all,Azbolg,"Shadow Tactics: Blades of the Shogun is a hardcore tactical stealth game set in Japan around the Edo period.  You work for a new Shogun as a team of ninjas with varying skills to battle against rebels and upcoming factions who challenge the mighty Shogun’s power.There are 5 stealth specialists you play with in over 13 missions.  Each character is unique having their own deadly abilities.  You can control only one of these assassins at a time as you weave around enemies or carefully pluck them off one by one.A few unique features of this game is the vision system on how patrols or guards see you.  This helps you create a plan around these challenging mid to late game maps that often seem to have an overwealming amount of hostiles.  Most of the time you have to crouch to avoid their 2nd field of vision but if you start dragging bodies or kill guards from their grey zone, you can be immediately spotted.  Being spotted means that you can be shot at, and more guards can be called in to kill you or investigate.This is pretty much the game, but beyond just a stealth game this has an interesting story, and three-dimensional characters with interesting personalities.  There is the ninja, of course, but there is also a young Japanese girl Yuki who is aspiring to be a ninja herself, as well as an old man who used to serve as an expert marksmen in the army before he joined your deadly squad who uses his peg leg as a detachable gun.This game really captures the period of that time, the settings feel real, and it seems the developers took a lot of history into account, as it seems the story is also based on true events.  The settings, uniforms, well mix of weapons of the time feel authentic, and as you are banging your head for hours trying to get past a patrol, you can feel immersed.  The music and soundtrack are unique, and of Japanese, and play little off beats when you do an action or something meaningful in the game.There is roughly 20 or so hours of content, but there is a lot of replay value here, and if you like stealth games you could spend easily 60 hours or so in this game trying to reply the missions using different characters, and trying to hit the challenging points (like not stepping on water, or killing anyone).   Some of these mission goals are very challenging, which is what steam users in general like since they are masochistic by nature, and thus explains the high score.But the end result is the high score is well deserved.  I personally am playing a ton of games, and bought this on sale, which was well worth it the price, since it plays like a mediocre game, but once I started, the story pulled me in, and it became very addictive, and I enjoyed being immersed into the Edo time period.  But I could easily see this being a full price game if you enjoy this genre, or even a slight steam sale I would recommend picking up this game.I hope you enjoyed this review, and like if you enjoyed the video, subscribe for more content, I play tons of videogames, and don’t just do reviews, and comment if you played this game and what your experiences are with it.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h2gi7XGbYxg"
,Recommended,418240,31752436,Posted: 14 May,all,vocal,"Extremely good stealth gameI wish there was a bit more variety in enemy AI, but otherwise it is a very enjoyable experience"
,Recommended,418240,33966354,Posted: 2 August,all,BlackMask,best game ever after commandos series
,Recommended,418240,33995557,Posted: 3 August,all,Kron,just one of the best stealth  games. perfect I love it.
76561197993654777,Recommended,418240,28264580,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Nero,Great game!!!Shadow tactic has many way to slove challenge. Shadow mode is good for plan tactic. Each character has own unique skill.Another thing that I love very much is conversation between character when they team up together.My favourite character is Aiko and Takuma.
,Recommended,418240,28271714,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,LuizX100,Great game!
,Recommended,418240,34082252,Posted: 7 August,all,Instant Karma,"You could argue that it even surmounts its spiritual precedessor, Commandos games.."
76561197986541538,Recommended,418240,28364303,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Multihog,"This game is a glorious revisit to the golden age of real time tactics.Solid stealth mechanics with puzzle-like yet still open ended enough level-design to not feel like it's pigeonholing you into a singular approach. Every bit as good as the Commandos games back in the day (and still today!). I recommend this to all fans of stealth or just tactical games in general.While it offers few changes to the formula, the execution is so good made that it isn't a problem."
,Recommended,418240,28261595,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,z3roram,"What a fantastic game, the shinobi even says ""War never changes"" hence the /fallout ISO style.Stealth done right. Highly recommended."
76561197993288786,Recommended,418240,28318141,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Invest,This game is really great - I feel like playing Commandos again... and the controls are just perfect!
76561198032605224,Recommended,418240,31948022,Posted: 25 May,all,Natsu Dragneel,Do you like samurais? Yes. Are you looking for comandos type games? Yes. Then buy this freaking game its amazing.
76561198277344422,Recommended,418240,29981116,Posted: 17 February,all,[ DorkyDarko ],"Im still having to get round to finishing this ( steam sales and all ) but im a fan of xcom style games that have a different twitst on thing, Like Hard west for e.g.If your into the same thing then this will not let you down."
,Recommended,418240,28469545,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Vejdirektoratet,After palying this game you will never ever forget where the F5 buttton is located on your keyboard.GOOD GAME!
,Recommended,418240,34571209,Posted: 29 August,all,gofcool,Great.
76561198401665685,Recommended,418240,35234978,Posted: 26 September,all,puneetbshah,Loved the games and the strategy!!
76561198323984737,Recommended,418240,33601004,Posted: 16 July,all,Stardust1995,"A little bit hard, but absolutely worth it."
76561198085516391,Recommended,418240,33950850,Posted: 1 August,all,IcePhoenix221,"Few hours in...  I already like the graphics, the art style and the overall feel of the game.  The opening stages of the story line already have my interest and I can tell the characters have depth and I am looking forward to their adventures in fuedal Japan.There are quite a few ways to finish each level, but this game definitely will guage how much patience you have.  I like games like this so it's ok.  Advance warning - If you die in the same section 100 times and a hallucination of Mr. Rogers comes to you and says ""Step away from the computer slowly."", by God, LISTEN TO HIM! :PBeing new to the genre overall means that I'm still getting used to smootlhy operating the controls, but it's getting easier quickly. I watched some youtube videos, and it appears that KB+M is superior to using a controller for this game.  I'm using a controller and might switch, but for now I'll tough it out and see if I can get better.My only complaint is that the camera can be difficult to deal with at times, bit it isn't game-breaking."
76561198012374319,Recommended,418240,35091526,Posted: 20 September,all,Le Cid,"Great tactical game, challenging without being overly complicated. Sometimes when I got into a level it seemed almost impossible, with all enemies watching one another and patrols going around. I could then spend minutes doing nothing but staring at the screen, devising a plan to make them fall like dominoes. And putting that plan in action was highly satisfying. This game is a definite recommend."
76561198088055208,Recommended,418240,30828489,Posted: 30 March,all,Juggles,"Just beat it.  Don't know if I'll be able to 100% this one, but the number of achievements and badges, different difficulty settings, and flexibility in how you approach the goals definitely increases replayability.  Would definitely recommend to any fan of the stealth genre.  Loved it!"
,Recommended,418240,33746266,Posted: 23 July,all,Squigler,"+++ Old school stealth in a new coat. Fantastic world, writing, gameplay and design. The right amount of challenging depending on your playstyle. Easy to get into, easy to freak out on (Quicksave/Load) The levels keep on coming, will probably keep playing this over and over."
76561198065937188,Recommended,418240,30806609,Posted: 28 March,all,daLiquidBoss,"First off this is not an action game. If you want to get your hack n' slash fix it is not here. It is a strategic/stealth game that is pretty fun playing as a ninja. I like the character design and the different ways to complete a mission. If this was an anciet Japan open world game that you could run around doing various break-ins , choose what Shogun to support it would be amazing! One area per mission and you can't choose where to go. Noleveling or upgradables. No loot to collect :/ That's just me thoguh and overall it is entertaining game but might want to wait and buy on sale.Ocassional crashes; Windows 7, GTX 750. 16 GB ram, i5, 500 Gigitty gigitty"
76561197970608620,Recommended,418240,30627521,Posted: 19 March,all,Tris,"Though I have played my fair share of tactical games and stealth games, this is my first experience with the comando like genre, and oh boy I have not been disapointed.First, this game is a lesson in level design, every step you will take has been very carefully thought by the developpers, every ennemy a new puzzle to solve, and you are not even tied to a single ""good way"" of solving it. They have even thought to add some challenges that are shown once you have completed a level once to add some replay value.Second, it is great on the artistic side, both for the graphics with superb painted effects and for the music and voices.Third, it is very solid on the technical side, the only things that can be perfectible are the length of the first loading time of a level and the pathfinding, especially around trees or when climbing/jumping down.Overall, wether you are a veteran or just interested in tactical or stealth games, this is a very good game for both.Be warned however that it requires a lot of trial and error. You will reload a lot of times, especially in the second half of the game."
76561198039942716,Recommended,418240,30817465,Posted: 29 March,all,anonymous_Ibex,"This game is fantastic. I've never played a game like this before. That said I've played plenty of stealth games. It's essentially a stealth strategy game. This had been on my wishlist but I just wasn't sure if I would enjoy it, because I usually don't like stealth as much as most. It went on sale, however, which was enough for me and let me tell you: I'm so glad I did. Do yourself a favor and buy this game.It's beautiful, to start. The graphics are slightly cartoonish but in a good way. The music is exactly what it needs to be, in fact I like it quite a bit. I really enjoy the characters and their banter and you command them about.The gameplay can be tedius, but I think it adds to the experience, not detracts from it. In this way it reminds me of Dark Souls. You may have to quickload 109 times in one level, but it's worth it. Not because you get a bunch of xp or sweet loot (you don't), but just because you feel accomplished and also slightly like a ninja.The only thing that I could see improved is that there are moments that are lacking in realism. While ""hyper-realism"" can be boring and tedius in a bad way, a few things could be tweaked to enhance even further the ninja-ness. For example, in one mission, one option is to poison a lord's tea. Which is all good and fine, but he will have tea every 4-5 minutes. Not very realistic, but I realize this probably can't be helped from a design standpoint.I got this game on sale for $30. Now, having played it, I would pay a full $60."
76561198062263314,Recommended,418240,30825090,Posted: 29 March,all,Nerf Me Plenty,"When in doubt, rely on the cows.10/10"
,Recommended,418240,30822736,Posted: 29 March,all,zerox102,Has a feral catgirl type character that's cute and kills people.Oh yeah the stealth is ok too
76561197967859483,Recommended,418240,30841527,Posted: 30 March,all,August,one of the best games I've played in a long time
76561198002966145,Recommended,418240,28614107,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Spork of Doom,I like this game.
,Recommended,418240,28614241,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Angelacarry,"Didn't know how much I wanted this type of games until I came across this gem.-The gameplay is really solid, downright additive. It's challenging and forgiving at the same time with realistic ai and quicksave option.-There are many ways to tackle a mission as the map is absurdly large( in a good way), you can see the dev has put much effort hand-crafting every maps,-The soundtrack and graphic are amazing enough to make you entertained through well-directed cutscenes."
76561198271856341,Not Recommended,418240,33819948,Posted: 26 July,all,DudeDank,"The game is just trial and error through the whole thing. You can do exactly what the developer want you to do (kill him first, use him to do that, go there then there) or you can die about 90 times every level."
,Recommended,418240,29014918,Posted: 4 January,all,kawacatoose,░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░░░█░░░█░█░▄▀░█▀▀░░░▀█▀░█░█░█░█▀▀░█░░░░█░░░█░░░█░█▀▄░░█▀▀░░░░█░░█▀█░█░▀▀█░▀░░░░▀░░░▀▀▀░▀░▀░░▀░▀▀▀░░░░▀░░▀░▀░▀░▀▀▀░▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▄░░░░░░░░░░░█░░█░░░░░░░░░░░█░░█░░░░░░░░░░█░░░█░░░░░░░░░█░░░░████████▄▄█░░░░░██████▄▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█████░░░░░░░░░███████▀░░░░▀▀██████▀
,Recommended,418240,31970937,Posted: 26 May,all,Salty Crotch,quick save quick load simulator 2016
76561198075837967,Recommended,418240,31168369,Posted: 15 April,all,shawazi5,"This game is stealth done right. Patience is very much required, and the game will punish you quickly for not having it. I played hardcore on my first playthrough since I love stealth games. All the missions have unique challenges and you really have to think everything out. Love it."
,Recommended,418240,31375384,Posted: 26 April,all,Nymlus,"Never have I felt so immersed in the historical period of feudal Japan as in Shadow Tactics, a recent title from German studio Mimimi Productions which aims to revive the long-dead genre of real-time tactics typified by the Commandos series, where you control a small team of units and navigate through densely populated and hostile areas using a combination of stealth and brutal efficiency. The atmosphere of Edo Japan pervades the experience and appears like a slice of genuine history before your eyes, and though I know that the events of the game are fictional it nonetheless feels just like something that *would* have happened during this time.The five playable characters in this scenario all have unique skills to offer and are at their most effective when combined with one another. While the game is real-time, you spend a lot of this time hiding in the shadows and pondering your next move, setting up commands for the heroes to perform and then executing them all in a murderous whirlwind. In one moment, the ninja makes a distraction and the sniper takes out a key guard overlooking the area, while the samurai jumps out of cover and uses his signature technique to slay several of the distracted patrolmen at once. Many of these plans will still fail for one reason or another, and the developers have mercifully provided three separate quicksaves so that you can easily return to a previous gamestate and iterate upon the plan until you either achieve your objective or abandon the stratagem and try something else. Controller support is very good and I never felt the need to go back to keyboard and mouse after completing the first level with a Xbox 360 gamepad.The game is equally beautiful to see and to hear, featuring production values I would not expect from such a small company. Japanese and English voice acting is available, and they both feel appropriate for the game's setting. These characters have much banter within the party while you play the missions and I had grown to be quite fond of them by the end of the story. But perhaps what I enjoy the most is how the game impresses upon you the dominance of the daimyo leaders and the samurai caste which must have been strongly felt during this period. The samurai are immensely powerful and their elaborate suits of armor protect them from most attacks, so facing them in direct combat is suicide, forcing you to rely on teamwork and creative solutions to take them down.Though the levels have a specific layout and the guards have predictable movement patterns, there is still a great amount of replayability in the game due to the inclusion of collectable badges. These do not offer any gameplay advantage but they give you a reason to go above and beyond by completing a level without killing anyone or without the help of various objects and abilities. These badges will take a long time to collect and I'm looking forward to going back to each mission to attempt them. Overall this is a very strong title for anyone who's interested in stealth games or medieval Japanese culture and a worthy spiritual successor to Commandos."
76561197983237917,Recommended,418240,31568488,Posted: 5 May,all,teric,I Havn't died this much and enjoyed it in a long time.
,Recommended,418240,31191154,Posted: 16 April,all,Beast of Wrath,A great tatical game with a good story and music.
76561198120610874,Recommended,418240,31168395,Posted: 15 April,all,オーリー,Awesome game! It's worth every penny! Enough said....
76561198041928824,Recommended,418240,31186268,Posted: 16 April,all,Bremen,"A brilliant, challenging and extremely well-designed game!A misterious man and his army are threatening the Shogun's authority over Japan. A Tanuki and a team of 5 member is requested to thwart his plans by sneaking in the enemy's camps, collect intel and take army generals down. WIll they be able to save the Shogun and keep peace over Japan?PROs+a Tanuki will be at your side to succeed in your missions+very nice and appealing gameplay!+extremely well-designed game levels, each mission is unique and carefully planned+five peculiar characters, each of them with unique skills. Their sinergy will be key to victory+well-balanced difficulty: never easy but never frustrating+an howling Tanuki will distract sentries and allow the team members to sneak in the camps+very good art design, marveouls and well-realized atmosphere in ancient Japan+valid sountrack+very good save and load system and accessible menu+good longevity and replayability thanks to badges and extra tasks+there is a super cute Tanuki <3CONs-poor plot: te main twist becomes obvious after the very first cutsceneSummarizing: fantastic game, probably the jewel of 2016. Absolutely worth buying and playing it. The idea itself is brilliant and it is extremely well-implemented. Each level of the game is perfectly refined and all characters are well-differentiated. Atmosphere and art design are delightful. You cannot ask for more, beside a better written plot.Shadow Tactics: 9.5/10"
76561198059905059,Recommended,418240,31940395,Posted: 24 May,all,Kedzilla,"If you liked Robin Hood The Legend of Sherwood, this is similair but way more advanced and twice as good."
,Recommended,418240,30256620,Posted: 1 March,all,hannicannibalism,30 hours. finally kill every single person on every map lol. only try the easiest level though XD. very nice game indeed :)
76561198040333156,Recommended,418240,30284807,Posted: 2 March,all,WTF IS THIS?,It's like commandos for your inner weeb
76561198070838284,Recommended,418240,29930548,Posted: 14 February,all,Guy on the Foto,One of the best games in my collection
76561198005341464,Recommended,418240,33917892,Posted: 30 July,all,Bringo!,"It's a good game, but a little pricey for the simplicity of it. Even on sale I felt like it was too expensive."
76561198026892903,Recommended,418240,28802025,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Bijat,Well made comandos inspirerd game with intresting charachters and story.There is alot of options on how to takedown/takeout/sneak past your oponent where the last is often hardest with a big need in fast execution off a well made plan.Only downside i can think off is its to short. Woud love to play this kind of game with new maps for houndreds of h.
,Recommended,418240,29963465,Posted: 16 February,all,Jill Stingray,Ice Ice Yuuki
,Recommended,418240,31467672,Posted: 30 April,all,jcebxd,"Incredible game, i enjoyed too much the hidding and killing guards to complete the goals."
76561197960685232,Recommended,418240,28480096,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Aether,Wow this game is awesome...what a gem.
,Recommended,418240,28722672,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,r∃pEaT,One of THE best games I've played on Steam. Especially for a Commandos fan. 10/10 would hold the D to undress Aiko!
,Recommended,418240,31212327,Posted: 17 April,all,RedWormCharlie,"What a great game. Old school FF Tactics meet modern school graphics and game play. It has a few bugs, which are very frustrating, but are a short set back when you learn about this games what to quick save and quick load. I Like how so far it does not penalize you for that. I really like everything about this game."
76561198336052151,Recommended,418240,31249190,Posted: 19 April,all,pw6008,Looking forward to more missions or Shadow Tactics 2.
,Recommended,418240,31301342,Posted: 22 April,all,Artorp,"Played the demo, was immediately hooked. Great game!"
76561198005623953,Recommended,418240,31323648,Posted: 23 April,all,[SAD]Kates,Excellent game.A nice story with a very efficient gameplay.The level design works well.Go for it without hesitation if you like strategy and infiltration.
76561198116874147,Recommended,418240,31343164,Posted: 24 April,all,Brigadeos,"This game is fun and interesting, with a good history and very good voice acting. The gameplay is simple but exactly what you need, and if you like to get every trophy you will get a lot of playtime because its pretty challenging. If you like strategy games this will be worth it."
,Recommended,418240,31454498,Posted: 29 April,all,Raggamuffin,"Five Word Review: An indie gem, solid challenge.Favorite Thing: I was really surprised by the quality of this game. The voice acting, visuals, challenge, story, and gameplay are all top notch.Least Favorite Thing: Clicking on hotspots can be frustrating. It's a minor nuisance, I know.Completion Date: 2017-04-29Playtime: ~ 22hEnjoyment: 9/10Recommendation: Yes. It's a solid and enjoyable game."
76561197990780664,Recommended,418240,31328545,Posted: 23 April,all,$erPente$,Really good game - must have for the good ol` Commandos and Desperados lovers. Surprisingly long game fun for a modern game and actually way harder than expected.(-)100% achievements not doable
,Recommended,418240,31936203,Posted: 24 May,all,Degenerate,"great mechanics makes for a challenging game. along with a unique cast on an appropriately lengthy campaign, this creates a truly immersive experience. absolutely no regrets buying this, it's a refreshing take on the stealth genre with a feeling incomparable to any previous titles I'm aware of. money and time well spent, 10/10"
76561198388234394,Recommended,418240,31936014,Posted: 24 May,all,richyrichand1,"I'm a massive fan of RTS games, going all the way back to Syndicate and Dune and, having just purchased my first proper graphics card, thought I'd give this a go as I love the era and setting of the game.It is an absolute blast to play. The sound, the music, the gameplay are all top notch. If you like RTS games then you will love this."
,Recommended,418240,28237919,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,ChuckleVision,great game
,Recommended,418240,33585959,Posted: 16 July,all,messymaj,og
76561198401275757,Recommended,418240,33839416,Posted: 27 July,all,floyat,"This game is really addictive. You can just sit there playing for  whole day,"
76561197992270248,Recommended,418240,28608394,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Zuntullah,"Excellent game. If you liked Commandos series, you will fall in love with this one."
,Recommended,418240,28272646,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,XeeX,Good!
76561197961734798,Recommended,418240,32866991,Posted: 27 June,all,iDunCur,SHUT UP AND TAKE MY MONEY!
76561198026738766,Recommended,418240,28644596,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Chrills,♥♥♥♥ing awesome.
76561197980241343,Recommended,418240,29933648,Posted: 14 February,all,FloopyGapples,Do it...
76561198009985871,Recommended,418240,31498566,Posted: 1 May,all,TacTix,Pretty cool
,Recommended,418240,31939858,Posted: 24 May,all,Acenoid,Highly recommended RTS!
76561198157856469,Recommended,418240,30889749,Posted: 1 April,all,club24,is good
76561198104635982,Recommended,418240,30741301,Posted: 25 March,all,KorinDing,This is ♥♥♥♥ing great
76561198033132301,Recommended,418240,30652103,Posted: 21 March,all,EckyThump,Exceptional.
76561197967142337,Recommended,418240,28228074,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Knorre,Like Commandos set in Japan <3Totally recommended
,Recommended,418240,29260082,Posted: 14 January,all,rragh001,"The controls are sort of unintuitive. I feel like a wreetard because I can't even get past the first level. Like, I KNOW what I want to do, I just suck at executing it. Will probably return and come back to it when it's on sale."
,Recommended,418240,31940987,Posted: 24 May,all,Malli,good game for ppl who like commandos etc
76561198048714684,Recommended,418240,28533811,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,ShinPunnyD,Good♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,418240,34868696,Posted: 10 September,all,Peralta,"It has potential but the controls almost COMPLETELY kill the game. Seriously, if you're considering this game and love the type of game it is as I do, you might push through with it, but the controls are absolutely♥♥♥♥♥♥ The camera moves WAY too fast, on minimum speed you can pretty much scroll the entire screen in half a second. The free rotate camera can't be inverted, so every time you try to rotate the screen it will be backwards and frustrating, this camera also moves way too fast. They give you the option of custom controls however the default settings are♥♥♥♥♥♥and having to remap however many dozens of controls is hell and you shouldn't have to. WASD should be camera controls, not arrow keys since you have to use your mouse, and abilities are on the left keys. To make your life easier, just set the abilities to the numbers, something that makes sense and isn't some attempt at niche ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. That all said, the game feels great."
76561198157190239,Recommended,418240,30783389,Posted: 27 March,all,Solohahn,too need to APM
76561198173600727,Not Recommended,418240,34722471,Posted: 3 September,all,EESER,"Excellent idea but poor execution.Unknowning what this game had to offer I purchased it with no real expectations until after my experience. After spending some time with it Shadow Tactics this was a great concept for a genre not seen often nowadays, but poorly executed where game mechanics are concerned.The positives however is despite this being a stealth based game, the developers did take great care is keeping historically with the time setting, Edo period Japan, and also crafting a very enjoyable story. Watch the cutscenes and listinging to the in game dialogues amongst the characters was enjoyable. In addition the 5 playable chacters were all given personalities that again made their interactions with one another enjoyable. For a top down game the graphics were not bad, almost appearing in a style similar to a Warcraft or Diablo feel. In addition several of the cutscenes were nicely designed.Though as to the negatives there are many. First is the horrid camera system. Taking a top down approach, the player is forced to constantly rotate the cameras by function of two keys swinging it left to right. Though there is a free moment aspect where you could see in some freeform aspect there is no true free camera mechanic to see all areas of the level. This makes it extremely frustrating in that you are unable to see all areas of the level, even with using the zoom feature of the camera system to widen or narrow the view.Secondly is the spotting system. The game employees a spotting mechanic where enemies have a field of vision that determines whether you are spotted are not. Some ranges, indicated by the solid color fill of the field of vision clearly indicate what they can see where as  a spotted pattern indicates where you can be in front of them but remain hidden so long as you are in stealth mode aka crouching. However I had experience many times where the characters I am positioning within the spotted zone are registered as being seen even though they are in stealth mode. In addition the field of vision for enemies can be blocked by large items which is part of the strategy of this game though I have found this to to be very buggy. In many cases I had the characters position behind such objects where the field of vision is shown as clearly blocked yet somehow the games still registers the character as being seen.Thirdly is the slow down mechanics. Part of the field of vision, when an enemy spots a character the field of vision turns red indicating that you have been spotted. However, when spotted the character is automatically rendered to move very slowly. So slow in fact running away becomes useless as the enemies vision registry, indicated by the growing of the red color, catches up to you faster than you can run away. It is at this point you pretty much have to reload the game as running away or fighting the enemies that have spotted you becomes useless. Yes even running to kill them is not an option as you are slowed and they will kill you before you have a chance to reach them.Fourthly is the prolong kill animations. Taking out the enemies is an option but almost again useless as the animations are so long it isn't worth it as you are more than likely going to be spotted for doing it. For instance, one of the characters weilds a knife and the kill animation is a three strike combo. It is evident that this was done for more of a stylish look butin a stealth game where seconds matter it is useless and unnecessary. Several other kill options such as using a gun, setting traps, and many others have the same situation.Fifthly is the clicking registry system. For some enviromental interaction the game registers one eviromental action despite you wanting something else. A clear example of this are for the characters who can use grappling hooks. When attempting to simply move them close to an area, such as the base of a wall, rather than register your mouse click as movement action and displaying the destination icon to indicate where you are moving to, the game instead renders you as wanting to use the character's grappling hook by quickly changing the icon to that action. The only remedy to this is changing the camera angle where you have a much better chance of getting the desired effect you want. This was but one of many instances I have observed where the game registers you actions as something else.Besides flawed game mechanics, the developers also made a poor choice in the voice acting department when listing in English. Several of the actors were native English speakers attempting horrible Japanese accents. It was so bloody bad my ears cringed. Luckily there is an option to change the voice setting to Japanese that was more pleasent to listen to.In all this game did have the potential but with the flawed mechanics it was not something I enjoyed playing. I cannot say I would recommend this."
,Not Recommended,418240,34818330,Posted: 8 September,all,TheWOnderfulMrMicFister,"Not a bad game, not a great game... The graphics are great! The controls are annoying AF!The game itself demands micro-management to the highest degree all the while complicaitng it even more with clunky controls that, at least in my opinion make it unplayable. I do not want to discourage potential buyers with the few problems that I have with the game, and would suggest if your a fan of the many ""tags"" assoicated with this title, to seek out gameplay or streaming content that would help you make a better decidion."
,Not Recommended,418240,32053834,Posted: 29 May,all,NitroBucket,"Have to admit the demo got me interested, but after buying the actual game, I now see that it requires trial and error on a grand scale. Im ok with dying a lot and learning from mistakes...but every area in a level requires doing it over and over and frankly restarting 50 times per level isnt fun to me"
76561197991868173,Recommended,418240,28238236,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Suirtimid,"Too hard first tutorial mission. like you wana teach players everything, but it's too much. 2 more times i was closed game, because i don't understand how to win in battle. It normal for hardcore game, but isnt at the first session."
76561197993295408,Not Recommended,418240,32208942,Posted: 5 June,all,Tony Joe,"This game is recommended only if there is a sale.Without sale it is overpriced.Everything is great except its camera and shadow system.You just can't see what you want to see in certain areas. This is the worst problem for such a game.Also, it is too complicated to get used the controls for its shadow system because the keys and you will have to set up control yourself in order to make the better control.Overall 7/10"
,Recommended,418240,28300931,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Voodooman,"At last! A decent old school stealth and turn based tactical squad game with surprisingly comfortalbe real-time gamepad conrols! Imagine Commandos, Desperados, Tenchu, Mark of the Ninja and even Metal Gear Solid and Lost Vikings merged together - this is what Shadow Tactics is!Its not the most realistic stealth game (not Splinter Cell Chaos Theory, Thief Deadly Shadows and Hitman Blood Money), however gameplay mechanics while simple at core, are so well balanced and well implemented that it just feels so natural and intuitive that even casual modern day stealth re♥♥♥♥♥♥♥(ie Assassin Creed, Thief 2014, Splinter Cell Black List, Far Cry 3-4, MGSV type of players who never saw real stealth games) can play it, thanks to smooth learning curve and easy game mode plus good in game tips system, and yet on hard difficutly it manages to stay hardcore and oldschool and quite challenging, even with some ""cheats"" such as vision cone, and highlighting of things, which gladly could be tonned down (shame that it cant be turned off completely).But what makes it different from lonely stealth hero games and what makes it true successor to Commandos is turn based tactical usage of several characters with unique abbilities, and this portion executed pretty well - you cant just play with single character, you have to combine their abilities in creative ways to solve difficult situations and sometime you even need to scratch your head to figure out right sequence of action to execute everything silently, but even if you cant, you still have some chance to run away, hide or mass murder enemies (depends on character you currently use) and get away from situations where everything gone wrong, not according to your plan. Each character has few shared abilities and few unique, some are easier to kill, some can take more damage, some more silent some more noisy, some can climb the roofs, some can only stay on ground and so on, you get the idea if you played Commands. But what more interesting, is that there is a feature which i dont remember in Commands - ability to execute actions of several characters simultaniosly.Level design, combined with simple, but well balanced stealth features such as ability to hide bodies, and hide yourself in bushes and indoors, and ability to enter dojo at one point and exit it from few others, as well as ability of NPC to do the same and check hiding spots, gives you some pleasure that even Commandos lacked, especially when you got spotted, this is where game literally turns to classic Metal Gear Solid 1-3, where you have to run away and outsmart enemies while they seaching for you with ""!"" above their heads. Actually i even feel sometimes like i want to expose myself to enemy just for this hide and seek and run away MGS type of fun.Oh, and there a nice real japanesse (not modern day anime) atmosphere here - graphics art direction, music, story, everything just gives you that unique old good classic japanesse culture feel, and what i like the most - game has authentic japanesse voice over, so you can turn it on to immerse yourself into full japanesse mode, but use can still use subtitles to understand what they are talking about.Game not perfect however, i would update this review with list of flaws i found, need to play more for that, but right now i can complain about these things:1) Unity sux - i still dont get why devs prefer lame Unity over more power and open source Unreal Engine 4, and why devs dont even bother to customise Unity a little more to get rid of its common problems, such a LACK OF REAL EXCLUSIVE FULLSCREEN MODE, WHICH HAS NEGATIVE IMPACT ON PERFORMANCE? Also even in exclusive fullscreen mode, performance Unity would still has problem related to it .net and mono powered architecture. Also lack of exclusive full screen mode prevents you from using Nvidia Downsampling for better AA, which is the must since native Unity AA is quite blury and there is no support for proper MSAA or SSAA or something that does not was out everything.2) I cant fully turn off vision cones and highlighting of interactive items, and ""disable vision cone"" button has some inconsitency and does not always appear when i use VIEW mode in game. I also wish to turn down some unnecessary lines between doors, and way too many of screen cluttering ""Debug UI"" type of information when you throw items and do other stuff. I just want more realistic and immersive expirience which is cant have right now.3) Color grading is ugly, it destroys black and white point (white and black points actually grey_ and makes image looks like you play it on dusty TV, seems like color grading pipeline was design for TVs and consoles and limited color range 16-235, or the just use filmic shader improperly, colors just dont look right on wll callibrated display and even TV. Gladly, since GTAV modern games stepped out of gritty ""grey-brown"" era, and started to show full colors, but yet the mess with bt709 and sRGB standards and lacks of most developers understanding that console\tv limited range colors does not look right on pc version and that pc version require different color calibrations, improper usage of popular filmic shader, as well as some remains of that old ""grey-brown"" trend, seems to plaguing this game... well, at least it does not have lense flare and lense dirt, but still, i wish they could add option that will output colors as is without any post processing grading that only makes them less natural.4) Worst thing about this game - non lethal mode is useless because enemies wake up way too soon, search for you in short area and returning to their old position too soon without warning other NPC, I kinda prefer old Splinter Cell and Hitman Blood Money style of knocking down enemies where enemy remains in that state, until other enemy bump into him and wake him up and both getting aware and search for you. At least timer for waking up could be ~10 times longer, so you could finish level before they wake up on their own. This reminds me Hitman 2, which was quite frustrating, when your cover was blond like 2 minutes later after you sedated someone and took his clothes... because 2 minute later he woke up and was running around naked and blowing your cover. They fixed it in Blood MOney, but Shadow Tactics not aware of this.5) Another thing i dislike - bodies wanish in bushes - it would be way more realistic and challenging if and when NPCs search for you, they can bump into bodies (and bark about it) that will reset their search timer and make them search for you longer or more agressively.Anyway, despite  these flaws this game is great and im really enjoying it, but i wish all of this to be patched to make this game even greater.P.S. - damn, this game makes me wish to see ramakes of 1st 3 Commandos with same gamepad controls and graphics, i wonder if devoper of this game can propose current owner of IP which is not EIDOS\SQUARENIX anymore but some small time publisher who probaly can license or sold Commandos IP , to make such ramakes based on Shadow Tactics development expirience. This game just feels like if it was developer by actual Commandos devs, so they seems like perfect choice for modern Commandos remakes based on Shadow Tactics code base. Now they fully paid for their sins for Tinker and cheating me into thinking that it was ""old school platformer like Banjo and Crash"", when in fact it was not... which was so frustrating, because i wanted to love that game and saw a lot of potential they wasted with that ""monorail autojumping"" gameplay. Kinda nice to see they can do real old school game and do it well!"
76561198036848467,Not Recommended,418240,35079030,Posted: 20 September,all,desrona,"I wanted to enjoy this game.  I really like the idea of it, especially shadow mode with utilizing multiple techniques by different players.  In the end, however, I'm done playing it.  The controls are just way too aggravating to use.  I'm just tired of constantly having to manually alter the view so I can accomplish anything.  I'm tired of clicking on the wrong thing.  And, I'm a bit annoyed by NPCs who can see through walls on occasion."
,Not Recommended,418240,33060420,Posted: 30 June,all,DinosaurPizza,"Disappointing.Shadow Tactics is immensely well-designed and well-polished but nothing overcomes a fundamental flaw: The entire game is trying a tactic, then reloading a save when it fails. Now, many players do this in many types of games. A lot of stealth games are built on precision and people cheese it by reloading checkpoints. But Shadow Tactics is SPECIFICALLY DESIGNED for reloading checkpoints constantly.I want to like the game but I can't help but feel like the solution to many issues is some insane rube goldberg equivalent of mechanics all stacked on top of each other and it requires at least 5-8 reloads before you figure that out.I didn't get very far, but it wore thin very quickly."
,Not Recommended,418240,33813268,Posted: 26 July,all,Duke MacBogart,"I refunded this game after 30 minutes. I love Japanese culture and RTS's so I thought it would be right up my alley, but the presentation was just terrible. The two characters in the tutorial were badly written stereotypes, and the abilities bordered on ludicrous (E.G.: the Samurai character could lure enemies over to him by throwing his sake bottle on the ground. ""Osaka Castle is under attack and I may die, but LIQUOR JUST APPEARED FROM THE SKY BETTER GO CHECK IT OUT"").What finally did it for me was when I had a character get seen, and a patrol came around. They repeated the same two voice lines, over and over again, until I turned the game off.The gameplay was decent, but the rest of it was so obnoxious that I couldn't get to the fun bits."
76561197968160307,Not Recommended,418240,32728347,Posted: 24 June,all,Combatical,"Meh, I really like the concept except they've made the controls clunky as hell. Lots of trial and error. The price they are asking for is a little out there too.. I'd say $15-$25 is reasonable for what it is. I refunded."
76561198118906980,Not Recommended,418240,31086847,Posted: 11 April,all,myke,Too hard to be much fun.  Have to save all the time and keep reloading to try something different.  Not so much 'stealth' as 'try again'.
76561198053208711,Not Recommended,418240,28488668,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Guk,"I should start by saying that this game is not bad at all but 40 euro price on it is twice of what i would pay.After buying and playing the good old commandos2 i decided to try shadow tactics in hopes of better graphics, animation quality and god damn camera controls.Shadow tactics PROS.*Game is a beautifull and colorfull.*English audio is very good.*Animations are fluid.*Characters are very different in their personalities.CONS.*Load times. You will have to quickload a lot and load times of 10-15 seconds are to freaking much. I have it on ssd, i7, 16gb ram and it has no right to load for that long, quickloading commandos2 takes me 2-3 seconds*Most of the levels (finished 11 of them at the time of writing this review) dont give you a lot of choises on how to aproach the task at hand. If commandos2 feal like a sandbox where you can aproach missions from whatever angle you want while shadow tactics feel like you are given a set of puzzles and you can choose which to solve, there are numerious spots where theres a chain of enemies standing bearly on the end of the vision cone of each other and quite often they will refuse to move, so figure out the chaing and start from the back. Movements and kill spots/times are VERY precise i had to restart numerious times because the guy i killed had time to move a a step to the left or to the right resulting in him being in the above mentioned chain of guards. Obviously not all levels fall in this categorry, Yabu's mansion is an example of a great level while 10th mission is a god awfull chain of guards the size of third of the level.TL;DR; Levels dont offer the freadom of choise commandos2 did.Would deffinetly buy on sale, would deffinetly skip at full price."
76561198260542022,Not Recommended,418240,30158487,Posted: 24 February,all,russaugust55,"What at first is a fun call back to a more tatical time in gaming, quickly devulges into a painful experiance of horrible controls and repeated load screens. From characters movement being unresponsive, to flat out moving when you dont tell them to, to enemies who can spot things from two screens away. When it works as intended it is an extreamly satisfying and fun game to play, but when is dosn't (which happens a lot) it feel teidous and unfairly punishing. Lets be clear, at first I LOVED this game. The most dissapointing thing about this whole expriance was that I really wanted to like Shadow Tactics, but in the end,  from sheer frustration of horrible controls and gamplay,  I wish I had never bought this game and wasted my time playing it."
76561198325149035,Not Recommended,418240,35194641,Posted: 24 September,all,bh7819,Loading time is too long...
,Not Recommended,418240,31135316,Posted: 14 April,all,jarcionek,"As a big fun of Commandos series I was really looking forward to getting this game and when I finally got it on -25% sale for £26.24 I have quickly realised that it is not worth that money.There is no inventory management. Your ninja guy can throw shurikens? Great, but he has only one and you have to collect it after every kill. Same goes for traps, bottles of beverage and so on.There is no other controllable characters than your 5 heroes (and you usually control only 2 or 3 in the mission). Unlike in Commandos 2 and 3 where you could sometimes control even 10 extra soldiers that you could loose, here you have only your heroes who cannot die and that's it.Your heroes don't have any AI. You cannot set them on watch to automatically attack an enemy when they get in sight. Your heroes do absolutely nothing unless your give them a direct order.There are no interiors. Your heroes can enter buildings which have no enemies inside, but then only their symbol will be shown on the building with the line to every possible exit from the building. If an enemy guard enters the building with your hero inside, your hero will start losing life. Even if the enemy is an ordinary guard and your hero is a samurai, who would easily kill the guard outside, he will lose against that guard indoors...The game forces you to play stealthy, and stealthy only. You cannot just blow up everything, kill the reinforcements and keep going.The game is too much puzzle-like. You spend hours watching enemy patrols and field of view and then retry multiple times, because if any enemy soldier sees you they will call reinforcements who will replace majority of the guards you killed. There is no place for mistakes - if you make one, you just have to load the previous save, because you won't be able to recover from that.Summing up,Commandos 2andCommandos 3are far better than Shadow Tactics, whileCommandos: Behind Enemy LinesandCommandos: Beyond the Call of Dutyare still slightly better - despite being almost 20 years old!Given that you can buy apack of 4 Commandos gamesfor less than 1/3 of the Shadow Tactics' price, it's just a big NO from me."
,Not Recommended,418240,28937944,Posted: 2 January,all,Gojira!!! Run!!!,I love this game and it pains me to give a negative review.For the seconds time playing this great game I've experienced a bug thaterased all my progress. So now I sit with 60 hours of playtime and back of square one.With such a big part of the game geared toward earning achievements and badges this is unacceptable.I will of course change my review to positive if the problem is fixed but as of now I'm just frustrated and depressed.
76561198060211128,Not Recommended,418240,28960613,Posted: 2 January,all,pLa,"I want to love this. The gameplay is great, but it's buggy, so much so I can't actually complete the game due to the game freezing in the final level. I'm well within the min req's, so pretty disappointed."
76561198043830507,Not Recommended,418240,34766887,Posted: 5 September,all,Frank,One of the worst control system I've experienced.
76561198009586772,Not Recommended,418240,30913160,Posted: 2 April,all,Moforkus,"out of 9 attempts, i got the game to work once. when it worked, the 20 minutes i was able to play it was great. every other time the game failed to load my new game or my old game.terrible optimization for a new game...i have no trouble with 99% of the games i run and have an expensive computer with all the bells and whistles...so it is not my hardware.This issue doesn't seem like it affects only me either as i found mention of this on forums and it wasn't solvable for those people either."
,Recommended,418240,28319916,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,𝓥𝓲𝓷𝓬𝒆𝓷𝓽,I'm a ninja! I like swords and knives and stuff like that.
,Not Recommended,418240,32121666,Posted: 1 June,all,HandsomeLost,"As a big fan of Commandos series and other strategy games, I really like this game for its awesome gameplay and map design. Being ninjia and samurai was fun, using shurikens and katana was fun, but the awful graphic optimization was just intolerable.The frame rate drops from 60 to 15 frequently during the gameplay, which causes my characters to die again and again. This game never run smoothly with my GTX 980m even after I turned the graphic quality into the lowest. WHAT A JOKEWorst gaming experience ever."
76561198044113869,Not Recommended,418240,32403450,Posted: 13 June,all,aloispfa,"This game is tedious.  There is exactly ONE solution to every level.  You job is die an extraordinary number of times trying to discover the one, single way that the developers want you to solve the puzzle.  There is absolutely zero room for creativity or spontaneity.  If you step out of the correct path for even a split second, you die.Ultimately, this game tests your willingness to commit time.  If you are willing to sit through enough deaths to finally stumble upon the only right way to finish a level, then you will get to repeat the whole stupid exercise over again in a new map.  There is really no skill or learning, just grinding through death after death.If you dont mind this type of game (i.e. you like Sudoku puzzles), then this game is for you.  But if you like creative, emergent stealth games, then give this one a pass."
76561197974784027,Not Recommended,418240,29073465,Posted: 6 January,all,Seikusa,The Game on its own is good. But the story is most unsatisfying.Too much of stupid character decisions.
,Not Recommended,418240,33857860,Posted: 28 July,all,julym☼rning,"this game in a nutshell: F8 F8 F8 F5 F8 F8 F5 F8 F8 F5 F8 F8 F8 F8 F8 F5it is similar to commando series, u just save and load and try something and load again and if it works u save again and then load again when u make ur next mistake. it is a horrific game system that doesn't have any sort of organic unity, being able to save and load anytime u want, u don't feel like the mission is a complete whole but step by step annoying trial and errors. getting detected or dying is not even punishing as u can just load the save again. and u end up loading save game over and over because there is always some irritating factor u forgot to consider. it is not fun it feels like work."
76561198138250904,Not Recommended,418240,29334244,Posted: 18 January,all,StoneRaider187,"Is there any way to increase the load times. Im going to grow old. This is ridiculous. I feel like im set back twenty years. Ive dealt with games like this before,but I spent full price on this thing and after playing it for a while,the load time is really starting to ruin the experience.  Im so sad now."
76561198024149832,Not Recommended,418240,28948020,Posted: 2 January,all,Sashea,When i start it it crashes GG ♥♥♥♥ers
76561198145388090,Not Recommended,418240,28481509,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,BunBun0.0,Everything is fine except the operating experience. It can be really really anoiying. Why can't the game differenciate between click and double click????????? Also my savings all gone in the 7th level. How am I supposed to give a high rate of this game?
76561198041420411,Not Recommended,418240,29232104,Posted: 13 January,all,Glenjamin,"this game is a turd sandwich in a 40 dollar bag . do you like looking at loading screens  constantly saving, guards that have the eye sight of eagles do you like avoiding puddles snow lights abnd bullet proof samurai who you cant kill without alerting the entire level.  no me either and thats why this game is complete and utter trash it has potential thats about it so does an infant and they poop on themselves and die if left to their own devices which is what this game should do die in a fire  its loading screen the game thats what they should name it.  i swear all the good reviews are bought maybe if you could see more than one guards line of sight at a time or maybe if you didnt have to pitch and steer the view to be able to see guards every 5 seconds aND MAYBE IF YOU COULD ACTUALLY ENJOY PLAYING SAY IF YOUR CHARACTERS IMPROVED WITH EXPERIENCE TO MAKE THE GAME SLIGHTLY EASIER AS AN EARNING FOR THE RIDICULOUS AMOUNT OF TIMES YOU HAVE TO RELOAD THEN MAYBE THIS WOULD BE A GAME AND NOT A TURD SANDWICH IN A 40 DOLLAR WRAPPER WITH BOUGHT REVIEWS FROM KOTAKU."
,Not Recommended,418240,28417537,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Happygamer,"The game may have some interesting tactical elements but the characters, voice acting and story are juvenile and poorly written. I advise not purchasing it and instead finding a game of greater depth in narration and storytelling."
,Not Recommended,418240,28417280,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Slavislav Slavovic,"Loved the loading screens.12/30/2016I should have been more specific. Incase someones butt starts burning.1. Lack luster graphics. Ridiculous loading screens (Took me longer to download the game that to start the first level). Cumbersome controls. .2 hours because I can recognize when I start eating a♥♥♥♥♥♥platter before I actually finish it.2. There are bigger games, that load more efficiently that are more fun and dont have the responsiveness of an etch-a-sketch. I have a i7 - 6700, 16gb of ram, an SSD and a card that draw this game in its sleep before my computer gets blamed for this review of the unoptimized game.Fanboy ♥♥♥♥♥how response aside, the game has alot of potential. The loading screen was a huge turnoff."
,Not Recommended,418240,28300288,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,lukearmy7,"I was only able to play this game for 30 minutes. The game crashed over 10 times. I tried restarting my computer but that didn't solve the problem. For what I COULD play I enjoyed it, but until they fix the bugs it was unplayable."
76561198009631484,Not Recommended,418240,28256404,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Demon of Elru,"My first ever return of a game. I expected their to be a leveling system in place to be able to grow my characters in a custom way. It appears that all the characters have static abilities that dont change. Which kind of turns this in to me thinking""what is my highest score?"" as opposed to ""I wonder how awesome this guy can get."" Feels like a limited XCOM to me. Wait for a sale. I'd say its a 20$ game at best."
,Recommended,418240,30382399,Posted: 7 March,all,RainyDay,"I've never had this much fun playing a tactical squad based game since commandos.The characters and story are very enjoyable and the gameplay is top notch. The game combines a simple base toolset (4 special abilities per character, up to 5 characters, interacting with the environment when allowed) with excellently crafted map and enemy design to create tense and difficult scenarios. The game keeps introducing new challanges to keep things fresh."
,Recommended,418240,30420837,Posted: 9 March,all,insanesheep,"LOVE IT! Nothing to say just take my money!I play it several times in one chapter LOL. I'm not good in playing games but this one, I think I can play it better than other game I've ever play. Not easy for me but this is fun and interesting so..... congratulation to the productions, you can lure another client pays for your product. <3 <3More than steam achievements is mission achievements."
76561198051638369,Recommended,418240,30402975,Posted: 8 March,all,maxprofits,"Excellent game for the dollars. Very much in the vein of the old Commando's game, if you played that. Game play and story line are fun. Very happy with my purchase of this game."
,Recommended,418240,30407230,Posted: 9 March,all,mr.stiiig,Great game!
76561198030816662,Recommended,418240,30453635,Posted: 11 March,all,8BallWizard,70 hours to finish.  Loved every minute.  More!  More!  More!  The only complaint would be the frame rate freeze that happens intermittantly.Well done!
76561198310235717,Recommended,418240,30371666,Posted: 7 March,all,parent.j.f,Pure bliss!
76561198120717969,Recommended,418240,30852086,Posted: 31 March,all,yousufmnsr,Amazingly addictive game. Crazy story and lovable characters. Really enjoyable gameplay and also pretty damn challenging (which just makes it all the more fun)
,Recommended,418240,30850172,Posted: 31 March,all,ncl,"Fantastic gameplay, graphic stylings, and story. Like the original MGS, I look forward to replaying to achieve stealth accomplishments and higher difficulties. Great game."
,Recommended,418240,30851228,Posted: 31 March,all,Rezfon,Thoroughly enjoyed this game
,Recommended,418240,30870117,Posted: 1 April,all,mrtoxinhead,If you like the genre buy this now. The story and character voices were great.I encountered one bug at the bath house that required me to aleart the gards to make the target come out but other than that the game ran perfectly. Even if your new to the genre I think that this game would be a great entry title. Also the sound track is goooood and hit me right in the feels at one point. 9.5/10
,Recommended,418240,30865681,Posted: 31 March,all,Fox,"Do you like Commandos?Do you like Desperados?How about Samurais and Ninjas?If you said yes to all these questions, just buy this game and you will love it. This game is AWESOME."
76561197968753924,Recommended,418240,28261818,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,hemmelig_ninja,"Great game.It remind me of commados, but with a much less clunky interface.At first it isn't easy to do many actions simultaniosly because the shadow mode isn't compeltely intuitive, but it will start to make sense after a few missions and it's really a great feeling when you pull off something that took great timing and practise (read: loaded the same savegame more than 10 times).The game really encourages saving every minute, because it reminds you. It also it pretty fast at loading the saves which is iomportant if you load as often as me. :)It's also great to just experiment with different ways of doing a mission.There often is more than one way to accomplish the goal. some more direct than others usually.The story isn't very exiting, but it's there and it supports what the game really is about: seaking around killing people in a real time stealh tactics game.Highly recommended if you like those types of games."
76561198023507159,Recommended,418240,28261866,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,the.grognard,"Not a lot of play time yet, but my first impressions are complete joy.  Everything I want a game like this to be is there.It hasn't taken me long to offer an enthusiastic recommendation."
76561198039519751,Recommended,418240,28261996,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,mccarthy00,VERY FUN GAME
,Recommended,418240,28280507,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Crisscross,Great game. The setting works great with the Commandos like mechanics. I like everything about this game :). Just try it yourself.
76561198070735090,Recommended,418240,28276280,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,JesseFresh,"This is a well-designed and well-executed title that forces you to use your brain and be creative. No matter how smart you are, prepare to die, a lot. Did I say a lot? I meant A LOT. This never really makes you angry though, in fact it makes you want to keep playing, surprisingly."
76561197970465764,Recommended,418240,28232072,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,_Hz_Rasputin,"If you liked commandos, you'll love this game"
,Recommended,418240,28244886,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,[.TPoA.] Ironsky,"This is a good game. Reminds me of good old days, but it sports nice graphical style.Definitely something to get for people who like micromanaging and tactics."
76561197994208759,Recommended,418240,28245069,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,BM_SaltyDog,Great game!
,Recommended,418240,28280139,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Prince of Eros,"The genre that the Commandos and Desperados series laid in was niche even for their times; tactical, non-turn based stealth using a group of infiltrators with unique specialities doesnt sound all that unique today but the control you had over the various operations these games gave you was impressive even by today's standards.You needed an understanding of the game's mechanics and imagination in equal measure to get far.   Shadow Tactics: Blades of the Shogun takes this demand and ups it a number of notches further than both those previous titles could, mostly due to the limitations of the era in which they were released.This is a smart, beautiful and lovingly crafted stealth game that revitalizes a genre that's been silent for far too long.  I hope to see more from these developers in the future--Shadow Tactics is an IP that NEEDS to continue.If you've an affection for this long forgotten genre, this purchase is virtually mandatory for you.If you've never played either of those games and you're interested even remotely in squad based, stealth mechanics you will not be dissapointed either.The only real negative thing I can say about the game is that the loading times can take from a minute to three minutes depending on your system, otherwise that is literally it."
76561197993520753,Recommended,418240,28287845,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Crimea River,"I bought this site unseen when it popped up in my store and I don't generally review♥♥♥♥♥♥but this game is Incredbly Good And You Should All Get It.Pros: Art style, difficulty, replayability from various objectives/playthroughs.Cons: They don't make more like this.Developers pls make moar. I'm old, I have a job and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s of disposable income now. TAKE MY MONEY."
76561198144822296,Recommended,418240,28293135,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,CageyMoose,"I saw this game pop up on steam out of nowhere and it peaked my interest.After doing a little research and trying out the demo--there was no looking back. I don't typically pay full price for a game (though there was a modest 10% discount at time of purchase), but I was more than happy to do so here in support of the devs and publisher. Mimimi Productions did an outstanding job and I hope to see future DLC and titles based on this amazing and until recently, lost formula.What a fun and refreshing game. Again, kudos Mimimi. Absolutely love it!"
76561198088943099,Recommended,418240,28293421,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Apemanx,I've waited a ling time for a game thats this good again. After Desperados and Commandos there was nothing. Now finally I cant stop playing!Thanks for the super cool and smooth gameplay!
76561198024168202,Recommended,418240,28285996,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,sidΞWay,"I've missed this genre so much.What I like:- Decent AI, less cheesy than Commandos 2, you won't be able to break the game with cigarettes/barking dog = more fun- Pretty nice animations for that kind of game- Japanese voice acting- Maps are beautiful- Weather effects changing how you approach the mission, snow leaves footprints, puddles make it harder to sneak, night makes it easier etc.- Shadow Mode - you can queue actions of your team and execute them at the same time, it looks spectacular. Wish we had that in Commandos- Multiple paths to finish every missionWhat I don't like:- Painfully predictable Plot TwistOverall it's definitely worth the price."
,Recommended,418240,28288796,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Muhgains,Hey. Thats pretty good.
,Recommended,418240,28282755,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,VIGIL,"If you liked Commandos, Desperados or Robin Hood: The Legend of Sherwood, then this is for you. Extremely well done stealth based real-time tactics game. The only caveat I'd give is that it is quite unforgiving; I personally don't see that as a negative what-so-ever, but the game will require you to save often and think hard about how to tackle situations with the appropriate finesse.This is a genre of games that I'd largely forgotten about, but after playing Shadow Tactics all I want is more.Hightly recommended."
76561197988771692,Recommended,418240,28516423,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,basem2502,Great game and seems like improved version of commandos
76561197960795116,Recommended,418240,28531316,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Angrynixon,"Excellent game, well polished, actually worth the price.  If the devs could rename my Quickload button to 'the definition of madness' that'd be appreciated."
76561198020005178,Recommended,418240,28451294,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Xenaca,"Stealth isn't really my thing, and really I might not have even gotten it unless it was onsale for like 4-5$, but I tried the demo, and loved it! It's got a demo to freely try so give it a shot.Things to keep in mind you can change the control settings, and as they are a bit different you might want to look into it.I haven't really checked out the camera controls as of yet, but I will say sometimes you get into situations where youcan't quite get the camera angle you want. If you can change the degree of change IDK, as I said I haven't looked for it yet.TL;DR version: It has a demo! Try it!"
76561198050929218,Recommended,418240,28455730,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,willnotlose,Fantastic stealth stratagy with remarkably interesting characters and a good story.
,Recommended,418240,28456219,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Furacana,Fantastic strategy game.
76561198032972228,Recommended,418240,28453024,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Aphroditer,tactical stealth at its best! very very good! love every second of it.
76561198003564194,Recommended,418240,28457318,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Major_Payne,"A must buy for any RTS fan!Great story, interesting characters, lengthy campaign!The maps are well designed and the attention to detail is phenomenal.Great music and voice as well!"
76561198090779460,Recommended,418240,28532749,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,itshenri,"An absolute genius of a game, great job by the developers (and that's an understatement). Each stage was so well thought out and each character so well planned with close to endless ways to clear a stage whilst providing a lot of replayability if you so choose. This game has restored my faith in games, since now-a-days it's just been endless copy-pasting of one another in terms of game design, but the experience this created was so unique. The story is not stunning but i still enjoyed it nethertheless. If you love stealth and tactics I HIGHLY recommend it and for it's price it's an absolute steal."
,Recommended,418240,28551687,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Yixiao DENG,One of the best surprises this year! Go get it.
,Recommended,418240,28494963,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,✪ Dr. F,Love the game. A lot like the commandos but better
76561198050149446,Recommended,418240,28495427,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,.:Hashashin:.,"Game is addicting. Really fun to play! I suggest to buy it, long time we had this much good game!"
,Recommended,418240,28496338,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Bronyard,"Hid 3 shinobi in an outhouse and ambushed 3 guards.Hid 1 awesome samurai in the same outhouse and killed 5 guards simultaneously.Great music, great strategy, very addictive, tests your strategy and timing skills."
,Recommended,418240,28497711,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Milkshake Lemon,"Thoroughly enjoyed Shadow Tactics: Blades of the Shogun. The feeling of executing in brutal precision, exactly what you had planned with a complexity as high reaching as you want it to be, is fantastic. I didn’t think I would enjoy this game as much as I did and will easily be my game of 2016."
76561197975674876,Recommended,418240,28492356,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,GG Medijokur,"Haven't finished it yet, but I'm still going to leave a short review. As a long time fan of Commandos, Desperados and Robin Hood: Legend Of Sherwood, I really enjoy this game. It's pretty much exactly what those games  were, but in a different setting and on a newer engine. This genre has been dead for far too long, and I am so glad it's back!The graphics work very well, gameplay is smooth. Not a single crash yet, and I have only noticed one minor bug (Patrol-->ladder--> Yuki's trap). The story is okay, good enough but nothing special. A big plus for the quick-save timer, it has saved my♥♥♥♥♥♥plenty of times."
76561198128278975,Recommended,418240,28512598,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Druzial,"very well done. free roam real time tactical.(very tactical) good story line. 9/10some parts can be rather stressful. and i dont see how anyone could manage some maps without being detected. save often, there is alot of trail and error."
76561198289370825,Recommended,418240,28472965,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,dario.russo,"Gameplay like the old commandos series, but better!"
76561197960414176,Recommended,418240,28506637,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Amp,I just can't stop playing this.It reminds me of the old days with Commandos and Desperados.I recently played Desperados (from gog) again and I can say this is even better :)I really hope we will see additional missions (paid DLC would be fine if it's good quality).I also hope that we will see a sequel one day :)
,Recommended,418240,28500760,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,whatareyousendingme,"Great game for strategy enthususiasts! Story good enough to give you a context, art style amazing, and gameplay excellent. I wish it was a bit more optimized it struggled a little on my 960m 2gb card (1080p medium settings) despite not looking like an overly demanding game.Worth every penny. Took me around 35 hours to complete story line on normal difficulty."
76561198112167271,Recommended,418240,28504149,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Windsteps,To make things short: It's an awesome game. Every fan of the genre should give it a try. Even in case you have never played that kind of game it's still worth giving it a try. It's challenging but at the same time not dissappointing. Just a cool game.
,Recommended,418240,28504506,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,jb,"Excellent game! The art style is fantastic, as are the characters. Very challenging but in an enjoyable way. Highly recommended purchase."
76561198219445725,Recommended,418240,28491477,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,TEARS DR0P,"- im here only to talk about only how STEALTH GAME it is -thousands of save & load !this game is real hard and utterly challengingIF U PLAY FOLLOWINGS- NO KO- ONLY KILL TARGET- NO GET SPOTTED( im play on Advanced difficulty )DeusEx, MetalGear, Dishornored, Mark of the Ninja  Hitman, Splinter Cells & Theif ( and many ) are ez if compare to thisi can barely say this game is close to Death to Spiestheres no a single mission i spend less than an hour to perfect each of it"
76561198252910716,Recommended,418240,28491792,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,raZOR_X,awsome game
76561197991822063,Recommended,418240,28484903,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,SoulsandBlood,"Absolutely Fantastic game.  Old school commandos style game with new charaters.  Great story and gameplay.  If I find myself frustrated after failing a few times I find myself going back to play in about 30 mins.  It is very addictive and well made.  Graphics are good, animations good, and scenarios are all varied and immersive.  A must buy!"
76561198015163052,Recommended,418240,28485297,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,cori,waiting many years after commandos it is great game!
,Recommended,418240,28522874,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Cautious510,"If you like strategy games that are well made and highly-polished, this is at least worth a look at by downloading the free demo.   Runs excellently, has an immense ammount of style and gorgeous graphics, and a high difficulty level if you're into that sort of thing.  Just dripping in character.  Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,418240,28464917,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Drewlala,I never take the time to write reviews on games but this game warrants a review.It's amazing.Buy it now.Dont forget to F5 and you're welcome in advance.
,Recommended,418240,28469606,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,֍A•n•D•r•E•w֍,The best RTS game played in a while.Give it a shot.
76561198042157474,Recommended,418240,28476860,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Daiyo,"This is an amazing game! I would recommend this to anyone who loves either puzzle-games or stealth-games. Every level can be completed in a large number of ways and therefore has lots of replayability (the game awards achievements for different approaches).It's hard to explain how much satisfaction you get when the planned-out actions of 3 characters all line up perfectly to kill multiple gaurds while not being spotted making you feel like a ninja-mastermind. There is a lot of trial and error though, so don't expect things to work the first time you try something, or the tenth time....... but if you keep at it, you'll have an excellent time with this game! Worth every cent."
76561198027587477,Recommended,418240,28477654,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Rommero,Best gameplay hours of tactics ever since Desperados/Commandos series. The way games should be made nowadays. Purified and concentrated fun. Totally worth it's money.
,Recommended,418240,28470822,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,liquid,Excellent strategy game. Definitely worth the money
,Recommended,418240,28463434,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,ph0b0s,"Shadow Tactics is a game where you need to be patient,think and watch your surroundings.The diversity of caracters and weapons/abilities make the game very interesting.The missions require a lot of thinking and patience.The controls are easy to remember .The camera angles are easily accessible.Remember to save every once in a while so you don't need to restart the whole mission.I recommend this game to people who are very patient and won't abandon after trying at least 10 times."
76561198059818473,Recommended,418240,28381188,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,[)3Z,"Great one. Reminds me of Robin Hood game.The best credit I give to is armorless Mugen. I mean: it's just a common sense for a samurai not to wear his armor all of the time; yet having an alternative model of Mugen was a pleasant surprise.And no more ""must be my imagination"" thing."
76561198070038667,Recommended,418240,28335000,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Brutal Snowbear,"I really really hope we see more games of this genre. They are my absolute favourite, playing this has made me go back to playing commandos and robin hood the legend of sherwood.Just download the demo. Yes a demo in 2016, I couldn't believe it either, and try it out. For me this game is worth every penny and i love it."
76561198050614028,Recommended,418240,28335050,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Karander,"Just wanted to leave my thumbs up here for this great game, since everything that could be said has been already said and if that is not enough, you still have the free demo to enjoy."
,Recommended,418240,28335096,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,miquelcamps,"game finished in just 8 days :)thank you so much for making this game, i miss a lot this this kind of real time strategy games, I hope you will sell a lot to come back and bring us more missions and samurais.some feedback:1- if you click into kuma avatar you can't center the screen to see him like other characters.2- the quick loading time for the latest 3 missions are so painful (i'm playing on macbook air), maybe you can divide the map in more parts or don't load all the enemies on the screen.3- i've finished some missions without using all characters, it's a little bit weird..4- sometimes i can't save the game and I get an error from steam, usually if i play some hours in a row.BTW i've enjoyed a lot and i recommend this game!"
,Recommended,418240,28333734,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,fursovav,"Perfect reincarnation of Commandos.But it's not only a remake, the game has unique Insteresting mechanics, and each mission is a bit different.So, if you like this kind of games, it's a must have!"
,Recommended,418240,28313179,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Lynx,"This game is a blast. This game is full of style, gameplay and fun for any fans of stealth/tactical. Think Xcom without a pause and guilt free quicksaving."
76561198117069696,Recommended,418240,28313370,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,taipokaoss,I'm having as much fun with this game as i had with Desperados back in the days.The characters and story deservers a 10.And the game runs on Linux (10+).
,Recommended,418240,28310401,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,DeadKing,Awesome stealth game !
76561197999203056,Recommended,418240,28364175,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Preek,Great fun. Even though it's not needed for a game like this the story felt nice too.
76561197969854887,Recommended,418240,28319060,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,]L.S.L[ Mithrandir3,"I have only 7 hours in the game (I am in the third mission), but so far I am really enjoying this excellent game! And to those who want to compare it to Commandos 2, I think that this game is even better. The world is really 3D to you can change the point of view if you want, the interface and controls are really flawless, the missions are complex and can be performed in various ways, and the characters really have interesting personalities."
,Recommended,418240,28356703,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Howard Jones,"This game can be a bit frustrating if you forget to save, which for me is easy to do.  Having to repeat the same portion of a mission over and over can be infuriating. However, thats more of a personal problem that I experience.The game itself is extremely well polished. The cast of characters or interesting and loveable. I am super jealous of Mugens fantastic Mustache."
76561197970881057,Recommended,418240,28345592,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,daniel.knapp,"This game is simply magnificent. I havent' played such games before but I loved it from the very first beginning. In fact, I can't stop playing. If a mission seems to be too difficult I pause for some hours and immediately start thinking of how I could solve this puzzle. It really got me. Worth every cent and it will definitely be my personal game of the year. Thanks, Mimimi, for this great game!"
76561198030041433,Recommended,418240,28345705,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Pdizzle,"Quick way to see if you're any good at this game: Can you still read the F8 key? If not, keep trying.Would replace my Function keys on my keyboard again.10/10"
76561198281619495,Recommended,418240,28349765,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,barrysmith,Cool tactical combat strategy ninja style! Team ambushes are sweet! I'm a fan! Looking forward future series!
,Recommended,418240,28350182,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,echelon,"I highly recommend this game to anyone looking for a well crafted, awesomely designed and gloriously challenging game with huge chunks of throwback to old Commandos or Desperados days. I think this game has all it takes to revive the genre. And that's something that brings quite a few tears of joy to my face. Though i don't know what - if anything - could be done any better. Works perfectly smooth on my machine, looks awesome, sounds awesome (i love the soundtrack and voice acting). Had some really good hours now, already definitely worth the price. Go get it people, you'll love it."
76561198092070243,Recommended,418240,28350725,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,GandhisPancakes,"This game was the first game I bought on steam within a week of its release and so far was worth it. So far 11 missions in and although many frustrations with viewing cones and the camera control and the difficulty of the missions in general, the overall gameplay is just fantastic. I recommend trying the demo first before buying this game because as usual not all games are meant for everyone. Don't worry, the demo should last you ~1.5 hours..... for the first mission. So you will get a good idea of how the game is.Summary of the gameplay:- (if you are bad like me) I thought I was good at video games..... every mission after the second mission took me ~2 hours each to complete after loading my quicksaves 100+ times.- Aerial view / very high up 3rd person assassins creed where you control multiple characters and the AI will actually try to kill you.- Thrilling plays- Salt- Racoons- WHY DID I BUY THIS ON FINALS WEEK!!!!!- Racoons are op- Boulders :)-Shadow mode + Racoon + Trap + Aerial ambush :)"
76561197971913581,Recommended,418240,28351277,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,BigX,"Rarely do new releases function so perfectly and exceed expectations like Shadow Tactics! Anyone who loved Commandos: Behind Enemy Liness (and sequels) and were sad to see it fade away into gaming history will be thrilled with this release. Take Commandos, change the setting from WW2 to Edo era Feudal Japan, add a few game enhancements and modern rendering tech and you have Shadow Tactics! The game outright copies many of the functions and game mechanics of the Commandos system and I am 100% ok with that. Why mess with perfection? It does however introduce new ideas that enhance gameplay. If you loved Commandos and are a Feudal Japan geek like me this game is your dream come true!"
76561197972363717,Recommended,418240,28352241,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,JackMan,"If you enjoyed playing Commandos years ago, you will love playing Shadow Tactics!"
,Recommended,418240,28346567,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Crawton,"Great characters, great gameplay and great graphics.IT EVEN HAS A DEMO! <3"
76561198002647660,Recommended,418240,28348551,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,boboco,This is actually my first RTS game.Great game. Love the Japanese dialogues.
76561198009254966,Recommended,418240,28348653,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,[USSR] EvilStalin,"""Desperados"" moved from Wild West to Ancient East.10 Man of Courage out of 10 =)"
76561198046753851,Recommended,418240,28348045,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Rius419,"love this game, hope got dlc or part 2. Good character and skill design. nice graphic and very smooth gameplay. Really enjoyed to clear the guards even if not needed in mission objective. Good job mimimi!!!"
,Recommended,418240,28349635,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Kanalkotierer,"This is the perfect revival of the old Commandos series.Much of the mechanic is taken from the old series, and it works just as well as it did back then. But also, the developers managed to capture the feel of the original map designs: you have maps very richly filled with houses, ledges, corners, brushes, edges, waterfalls. Each map feels like a model railway landscape, brimming with life.Each map is such a joy to discover, but it was the third level that brought back so many memories: a town crawling in villains, almost completely covered in snow. Besides the well known footsteps in snow mechanic, the entire map design, down to the last barrel or box, was the perfect hommage to the old Commandos series.Besides the very beautiful and thoughtful map design I enjoy the fact that this is a game about game mechanics. Many modern AAA games try to hide to pretend they don't have inner mechanics driving them. This goes well for half an hour until you notice clunky cutscenes or repeating dialogue and most of the illusion is lost. And because the game is hiding its mechanic, you don't know what unknown factors, like weird camera angles, weird jumping animations, weird enemy behaviour you will be facing next.This game has none of that. The second you switch on a guards viewcone it is clear you are fighting against that specific mechanic. A second later you notice more and more enemy viewcones overlapping and the puzzle emerges. From there on you're hooked to defeat this seeminly simple mechanic."
,Recommended,418240,28349722,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Alarius,"I don't leave reviews often, but this game deserves it.  Incredibly involving gameplay,  and deep, challenging scenarios with manifold paths to achieve objectives.  Worth more than the cost of the game.Glorius."
76561198026319705,Recommended,418240,28318243,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Lunaris,All in a few words: Perfect game for perfect Commandos memories.
76561198010307201,Recommended,418240,28318323,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Rebel Poet,It's a nice game. If you liked commandos then you'll like this.Controls are a bit awkward but you'll get used to them eventually.Other than that the game is very well done. Haven't encountered any issues yet.
,Recommended,418240,28318647,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,zinocat,This Game Its just AWESOME it is a classic spy game were you sneak kill etc but it just Awesome and i dont think theres many games like this type with a japanises twist and theme im not the best at writing reveiws so dont critizize me but one thing thought i would like to see the cinimatics to be animated not like game machanics animation because it looks wierd when one gos through a door casualy but looks like theyre being chased and ones item isnt exactly in ones hand but other then that this game is great try it og you like this genre of games
76561197970278686,Recommended,418240,28316643,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,cswiger,"Go buy this.  Yup, just as simple as that.(If you aren't convinced, it has a demo available-- go play the demo and see for yourself.)"
76561197998202075,Recommended,418240,28316824,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,webwalker2000,"Refreshingly revival of the tactical stealth genre. Quite challenging. Quick reactions are important, but careful planning even more. While I find the today's hack&shlash games with their focus on sound and visual effect about as appealing as tins of baked beans, I really enjoy the difference: Focus on details, AI, tactical planning, nice story, professionally  spoken dialogues. Really a hightlight for me and my  generation 50+ who grew up with the ""Commando"" series, ""Star Trek: Away Team"", ""Desperados"" etc.Question to the developers: Did you, by any chance, have Toby Longworth speak the text for Samurai Mugen? I always have a wide grin on my face when I hear Mugen talk, beacuse he sounds exactly like ""Judge Dredd"" in the British 2000AD audio series by Bigfinish productions :-)"
76561198002112835,Recommended,418240,28316954,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Zergor,"Very enjoyable. It could use a little interface tweaking however, very much love this style game."
76561198003180508,Recommended,418240,28321445,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,OnEsLaPaTaTiMe,this game is challenging for sure. But it is also very rewarding once you figure a toughsection out. overall a really great experience
,Recommended,418240,28321479,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,fiveeyes,"I'm so happy this kind of game exists again, and a well put together one as well. If you have any affection for the Commandos or Desperados series, just pick it up. If you're unfamiliar, it's a real-time birds-eye stealth game, where you have up to 5 unique heroes you have to control to figure out how to infiltrate, sabotage, and assassinate. Be prepared to save and load a lot as you figure out how you want to approach each problem."
76561198006602229,Recommended,418240,28321488,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,SacredRonin,"Absolutely love it. If I can't have a new Tenchu, I'll happily take this instead."
,Recommended,418240,28321533,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,N. Narwhal,This game is great well worth 39.99. Shadow Tactics makes you use your brain and the endless amount of ways you can go about a mission kept me hooked. Looking forward to future expansions(and I haven't finished the game yet). Definently pick this up. Game Of The Year?
76561198052369791,Recommended,418240,28321722,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Katori,It is like Guardians of the Galaxy in Edo Japan
76561198016945454,Recommended,418240,28321875,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Bioshockwave,"Great game! Reminds me of Commandos but this time you can excute action for every character for every precise strikes and movements. I like the Graphics and gameplay, Overall this game for me would be 8/10."
,Recommended,418240,28317480,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,HunterXCooL,Commandos is like my first PC games that I played and seeing this long lost genre is like a dream come true...It's a great game with a good learning curve... When u managed to execute a well played plan to some area it's feels so good...
76561197987866957,Recommended,418240,28317805,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Hatge,"Great game.Each mission has a totally new scenario (new grapichs).Day-missions, night-missions, snow-missions.Totally different characters ... each of them I like design-wise and character-wise :-)I hope the game will be a great succes and, of course, I hope for a mission-pack in the future:-)"
76561198008049929,Recommended,418240,28317844,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Jki4,"Only 2 levels in but the game is spectacular. Runs amazing at 1440p 144hz, alt tab friendly even in fullscreen, visuals and sound are great. Gameplay is satisfying even after using a certian move 100 times its still sick to use it again. Highly Recomend"
76561198114737815,Recommended,418240,28333976,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Little Dragon,This game is surprisingly fun to play
,Recommended,418240,28334501,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Jarmer,"Very well done strategy game. The art and animations are top notch, voice work is great, and above all the strategy elements are very very tight and well executed. The differerent characters with varying abilities are really fun to play and try and sort out the various different methods to solving a stage. I do wish I could see my potential goals for each stage on the first play through but that's just because I don't like replaying games, that's my only complaint and it's not related to the game itself at all. Seriously just get this game if you like strategy, you won't regret it."
76561198041827121,Recommended,418240,28332776,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,-Achronos-,"I actually downloaded this game from illegal source.. after the first 3 missions i bought it as it is an amazing game, perfect gameplay and surprisingly a great narration.I hope the studio will reach their goals in term of sells because this game and their work deserves to be rewarded.I wish we could have more missions but challenges are here to keep us hooked !"
,Recommended,418240,28332820,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Uncle Science,"Pros:- people who enjoy commandos games should really check this out- nice storyline and varied team member- multiple ways to complete misson- beautiful graphics & sound design- nice replayabilityCons:- can only queue one action per person on shadow mode- can get really frustrating, usually on later levels (its that hard)- need more levellsss"
76561198126975019,Recommended,418240,28331858,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,wolfinston85,"I was going to wait this time around to actually finish the game before starting to write my review, but what the heck, Right? I enjoy writing about games, I enjoy playing them, etc...So what is there to be said about Shadow Tactics, welp, i've heard plenty of people have compared this game to the ""Commandos"" video game series, altho I cannot really vouch for this comparison, nor defy it, given the fact that i've never played the game, so many people have said it tho, that I might take their word for it and just simply say that this game is like a modern version of that series.But really what I mostly enjoy about the game, besides the fact that simply this game is unique in every way, it's the simple fact that the game looks, sounds, and plays, beautifully, the game has this very distinctive cel shaded look to it, balanced with a lot of color, and a lot of detail, pair that with multiple video options, and you don't only have a pretty game, but also an optimized game at that.The sound is nice, you can choose between multiple dialog options, as well as change the actual spoken language from english to japanese, or vice-versa, it's great really, i've been so far playing this game with the Japanese spoken voice, but with english subtitles, it adds (in my opinion) an amazing atmosphere besides the one that the game already creates with it's aesthetic.The gameplay its really where its at for this game, the strategy and multiple abilities that your characters have are amazing, diverse, and unique in their usefulness, all of your characters share the basic core rulesets that the game has, but all of them also serve multiple purposes, so you can have in one mission a character who's an sniper, while in another you can have a character that can plant traps and climb through the rooftops of some buildings, it all works well, so far, it's enjoyable, and most importantly, it encourages a methodical and inteligent way of playing the game.And an inteligent and methodical way of playing the game is right to say, the game it's incredibly challenging and puts an enourmous ammount of attention to ""trial and error"" style of play, up to a point where there's a reminder to quick save your game that starts after a minute after the last quick save, a useful mechanic, some might say a bit annoying, but I say after playing, incredibly useful and necessary at that, you can however, if you want, disable the warning, as well as a whole other bunch of hud elements, as I said before, it is an incredibly optimized game for pc, in every use of the word, it doesn't only run well, it has multiple options through which you can customize your game so it can be the experience that your choosing to play.So far I frankly don't regret my decision, having bought this game with a 10% discount, its just fine by me, I do believe that the people should wait for a while before purchacing this title, but that's just my recommendation.Overall I really have enjoy what i've played so far, and I do recommend the game based on simply what i've experienced after playing for three hours, having completed three missions."
76561197994610551,Recommended,418240,28331965,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Ninja Removal Expert,"EPIC! If you liked any of the Commandos games from the 90s... you will adore this game. Same style, great graphics, very polished gameplay."
76561198055480712,Recommended,418240,28331974,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Howling Moon,"An amazing tactical strategy game that was very much needed after some of the letdowns 2016 (and 2015, for that matter) produced. The demo was what caught my eye when I came to this page (since so few games these days seem to have them), and after playing it for a while I fell in love with this game.-Every character is unique and feels lifelike-Found myself becoming attached to every character-You really need to incorperate everyones' abilities and formulate strategies to complete missions-Mission difficulty and length increase perfectly over time-Violent without being too gory-Despite the dark story the game builds upon, it retains its charm throughout-Enemy variety makes the game more challenging and interesting-Many ways to complete missions, and the game rewards you for not using certain people/abilities on missions-The music is phenomenal-Voice acting is great-The story is interesting and progresses at a good rate-Even if you don't find the story engaging (though, I think most will), the gameplay itself is more than worth full price-Games of this genre have been pretty sparse since the days of Commandos, and this is an amazing revivalI highly recommend this game. It is going down as my favorite game of 2016. I played it with a controller, and I found that to work very well, but if you're using a keyboard and mouse it should be just fine. I really hope they make a sequel or another game in this same style.Probably one of my favorite abilities is Mugen's Sake bottle lure. I love listening to the guards go, ""Mmmm, Sake,"" and wander towards the totally not suspicious bottle of booze sitting out in front of a bush."
76561197971635200,Recommended,418240,28332242,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Bystander,"Commandos with Ninjas.If you ever played the old Commandos and Desperados PC games, this is a direct spiritual successor to those titles. Viewcones, body carrying, disguises, distractions, the works.Three quicksave slots and a fast save/load time make it easy to try out different ways to work through the maps, which are large and cleverly laid out, each one taking several hours to complete. The strong, well featured demo is well worth trying out, and the developer deserves praise for offering the demo up, I'm sure it has boosted sales.Overall, this is well worth your time, and if you had any love for Commandos then it's almost a no-brainer purchase."
,Recommended,418240,28330239,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,🅱🅴🅷🅴🅻🅸🆃,OK i'm jusy 4 hours in but i can see this is some game of the year material. It's amazing!
76561197993847036,Recommended,418240,28355519,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,The Great Trixie,It was fun up until a bug caused the game to crash my computer and now the game refuses to load.
76561197970981640,Recommended,418240,28358038,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,martinsyn,Amazing
,Recommended,418240,28358682,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,jouertue,"recommended if you liked commandos series..it's really close to that, the feudal japan setting is appealing and well executed. the character mechanics are also interesting enough. could use some improvements in complexity maybe, but i foresee a decent replayability(on mission 11 currently)"
,Recommended,418240,28357329,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,PurriHasRez,"I personally do not like these type of games... But this one is perfectly polished, runs so smooth, haven't witnessed any bugs since release day! and I can tell the developers really took their time to make this game... so even tho I probably won't play this much, I can't help but recommend as I was surprised by the level of quality of all aspects of the game; from Graphics to Gameplay and everything in between. Must have for people who love these kind of games!"
,Recommended,418240,28346223,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Jansay,"This game is a fresh blow of wind to all Commandos-Desperados fans with a long-forgotten thirst for real-time strategy games. Balance for the character abilities is almost perfect, atmosphere takes you away, and levels are somewhat challenging. And to think we could actually play a game in 2016 without initial patches? Incredible! Only minor bugs so far.Although: don't except much from the story, and the difficulty if you're a veteran RTS player. But beggars can't be choosers, right?"
,Recommended,418240,28341668,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,DazChong,Thanks so much for bringing back the classic but forgotten Commandos!
76561197961061618,Recommended,418240,28801352,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Hjorty,"If you ever liked the old ""Commandos"" games you're going to love Shadow Tactics. It's classic stealth strategy done very well. The characters are intersting in terms of gameplay and the banter between characters during a mission is enjoyable and well written - the voice acting is also good. The story is actually quite OK and keeps you interested in the objectives in each mission but never gets in the way of the action. Several missions  throw in some interesting mechanics to spice things up e.g. your characters leaving revealing foot prints in the snow. The mechanic of ""syncronizing"" a single action for each character and letting your master plan unfold at the touch of a single ""go"" command is excellent and lets you pull of some great ninja moves!Encountered very few bugs and no crashes."
76561197961099107,Recommended,418240,28762905,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Fever,EXCELLENT!
76561198093582389,Recommended,418240,28787184,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,sievins8012,I never thought I'd play a game as good as commandos again ... I was wrong!This is an up to date version of commandos with a great storyline set in ancient Japan. The character development is realisitic and the artwork beautiful.
76561198334261327,Recommended,418240,28695471,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,imchan,"Nice Game, I give it two thumbs up."
,Recommended,418240,28695546,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Coke Cola Salesman,"Used to love commandos.... wished the guards investigated more, but they call guards to reinforce which is just as hard. Tbh I really like what I see."
76561198217179047,Recommended,418240,28830783,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,lonely,"盟军粉丝里最优秀的一波。You are the best fans of Commandos.游戏真的很不错，有当年RTT的风采。Shadow Tactics is a great game, as same as other RTT games at the end of last century.要是有室内场景和更多人物就更好了。We want more chaeacters and scene indoor."
76561198049130808,Recommended,418240,28827320,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Sanvous,"Simply Amazing, Buy it, play it, enjoy it, incredibly hard and satisfying"
76561198036039539,Recommended,418240,28895998,Posted: 1 January,all,Cokedyck,"Wow! What a suprising gem. I was skeptical going into this, and wow, well worth it. 10 missions in, and im having just as much fun as I did with commandos back in the day. Beautiful enviroments, responsive fun gamplay, and a engrossing story.9/10 easy."
,Recommended,418240,28896649,Posted: 1 January,all,Brother Blood,A game all PC gamers should play! I own over 200 games on steam and this is easily my favorite.
76561197999416032,Recommended,418240,28856650,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,DeaDSoldieR,this game is fun reminds me of the classic 1998 commandos game! if you are a fan of steath tatics games i really recommend this game
76561198075229558,Recommended,418240,28879774,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,dmadan3,"Wow, what a great game ! It's challenging enough for my taste, has beautiful scenery and levels, characters are interesting and the story too !I really love it and hope similar games will go out in the future OR an expansion for this one.Highly recommend"
,Recommended,418240,28875591,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Oishii,I am searching Commandos remaster for years.Great jobs mimimi.
76561198063447583,Recommended,418240,28882804,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Blizt,"If you are 90kids who had experience with Commandos before, This game will remind you to the real RTS game from the past in new bottle. This game will prove that good game doesn't need Hi-end graphic."
76561198064814197,Recommended,418240,28880399,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Barbas Sephtis,"A great topdown stealth-tactics game that brings a lot of memories from the time playing the Commandos Series, characters are exotic and play well off each other story wise and you are encouraged to play with all of the heroes to complete the level. They list as a Ninja who can excel in close and ranged kills. A Samurai of great strength that will become your goto when eliminating a group of enemies and can make enemies leave their posts at the sight of Sake. A Thief who specialises in luring enemies into her traps. A spy who can take disguises to pass through all but the most elite guards and assist her team in open view. And lastly an Army Marksman who is the opposite of the Samurai, killing purely at range he also has a controllable pet that he can use to distract enemies for a short while but causes the area around it to focus on it.There is also great challenge with the enemies with their multiple varieties which set to make you strategise your approach, the standard mooks, sentries who will not leave his post and make the standard mooks to do the investigating and the samutai who can only be killed (stealthy or approached openly) by the Hero Samurai in a 1v1 situation, only killable by the other heroes should they work together. Apart from the enemies you will not be exclusively going to military bases or the castles of lords so its likely to run into civilians who when they spot you will either run and hire or more likely go to the nearest guard and inform them of your presence.The artistic style of feudal Japan is beautiful and every level design is amazing, giving you absolute freedom in how you want to finish your mission, adding to the replayability. The story is both easy to understand and is complex and subtle when it chooses to be. Graphics are top knotch, the screenshots are evidence enough and the music is excellent, while almost purely oriental, what do you expect in feudal japan?Any more proof is the Demo available for download, which is by all accounts very great in convincing in making you buy the full product and does not disappont (It worked on me!)."
76561198041826040,Recommended,418240,28880545,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Outfoxt,"Awesome game that epitomizes all the good mechanics introduced to the 'stealth' genre.At first the controlling of multiple assassins seemed a little obtuse to me (I come from a far off land where MGS1 and Tenchu were the titles to imitate), but then the control of them became very fluid as I got accustomed to the game.Easily one of the best stealth games ever made."
76561197993294140,Recommended,418240,28885916,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Bellipotens,After Playing a number of hours I am pleased to say that I am very happy purchasing this game. Brings back good times of Commandos but in a beautiful environment. Multiple ways to battle through the levels that are bautiful and hard. I hope they make an expansion to this title because it is that good and I would buy it in an instant. Go for it!
76561198260805527,Recommended,418240,28862486,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,phrung,"An excellent tactical stealth game. Good music, good seiyuu, distinctive cutscenes, and nice graphics for this kind of game.There are more than 2 or 3  ways to achieve the same goal in all missions, some of them are very difficult and hard to find out, but it worth trying. Then you'll realise how careful the developers are, what looks like a bug is actually an extremely clever design, what looks impossible is actually achievable in a much more complicated way.Sometimes the camera rotation and movement is annoying, though, it's shadowed by many other aspects.The place I live will enter 2017 in less than 3.5 hours, and this is the best game I've played in 2016."
,Recommended,418240,31096845,Posted: 12 April,all,parrk,"This is a truely great game. The graphics are stunning with a lot of detail to all map layouts and assets. The storyline is fun and engaging. Each character is very unique and the game varies each level with the characters available so you end up playing each character quite a bit. The game is very challenging and progresses it's difficultly well.I played Commandos back when they were released and absolutely loved them, I can honestly say I love this game so much more. It isn't because of it being modern, I just think that as a whole it's an outstanding game.I strongly recommend this game and more so to fans of the Commando series."
,Recommended,418240,31068283,Posted: 10 April,all,Mano,if you like commandos series you will love this game 10/10
,Recommended,418240,31066240,Posted: 10 April,all,Unforseen Liquid Emission,"If you are old enough to have played ""Commandos : Behind Enemy Lines"" , you will immediately fall in love with Shadow Tactics.  It's more or less the same game,  but set in feudal Japan rather than WWII.You control 5 ""specialists"" who are each masters of a particular art of stealth or combat.  The parallels with Commandos are obvious here : (Green Beret == Mugen,  Duke == Takuma ,  Frenchie / Lips == Aiko,  Yuki Chan == Lupin  ,  Hayato == Fins)They have put some nice twists on an old formula though,  and each character feels fresh which is helped by some truly excellent voice acting and characterization. I chose to play with Japanese voice overs and english subtitles,  which helped immerse me more in the world.The game is also visually stunning, with detailed set pieces that look like they were hand drawn.  As with Commandos, the backdrops draw you into the world and give the game the feeling of a miniatures set come to life.   AI is also surprisingly good!  If you kill a patrolling guards conversation partner while he is away, when he returns to find his companion gone he will scour the area in an alerted state.  It's tough without being overly punishing, and it succeeds in keeping the tension high throughout.Oh, yeah.  This game is pretty tough.  You'll be abusing the quick save/ quickload hotkeys like crazy.  That is simply to be expected.  The developers have thrown in some 'challenges' which actually reward you if you *don't* save though, for those of us who have truly mastered the game.  ( I haven't)If you are an old Commandos fan,  fan of strategic games in general, or just a nerd for pretty looking games steeped in Japanese culture, this game is for you!"
,Recommended,418240,28445146,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Sanweyz,"Mac version!  Commandos like !You can install a third party driver for xbox one contorller, then you can play it on your mac with a Xbox One controller. :)"
,Recommended,418240,28436329,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Toastedjambread,"A definite buy for stealth game lovers. While I have never played the commando series, the game was nolstagic to me because it reminded me of Tenchu. This was an era where ninja games actually focused on stealth rather than fantasy hack and slash. Definitely a must buy."
76561198161243595,Recommended,418240,28447880,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Simicro,"Great tactics game, great hand-drawn graphics, great gameplay. Well worth the money."
,Recommended,418240,28438985,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Monte Cristo,buy it
76561198076573115,Recommended,418240,28439284,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Bloombud,"Having played Blackguards and Blackguards 2, I was a little hesitant about picking this up.  I am so glad I did.  While the graphics aren't the most impressive, they are still lovely to look at.  The gameplay is absolutely brilliant.  Each character so far has a very unique feel to them, and are significant in completing missions.  The controls are simple enough to pick up quickly, but have enough complexity to execute strategic tactical combat.  This game is exactly what I've been looking for."
76561197970673241,Recommended,418240,28442369,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Lowcash,"Played the demo and was hooked.  A few things annoyed me at first like being in a very specific position to hide a body or the fact that the characters slow down when spotted.  WTH?  However, those are mild and do not take away from a fantastic game.  The scenery in the game is really well done, the synergy between characters makes for some really fun game play.  Being able to use the ""shadow mode"" to co-ordinate multi character actions is pretty great.  They have a non lethal option to knock out people.  I just used it on a civilian old lady.  But then just for lulz, i threw her unconscious body off of a bridge just to see it fall.  10/10 would do it again.  This game is totally worth buying."
76561197979753277,Recommended,418240,28490697,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Eldril Sidewinder,"Simply put: Excellent.  The style, setting, artwork and gameplay work together extrememly well.  Gameplay is challenging with a save/load system that encourages you to explore and experiement with solutions without punishing you with a checkpoint that takes ages to get back to.  I typically are less enthusiastic towards stealth games, but this is a gem and I personally wish it got more attention.  I am very impressed with this game and the small studio that produced this high quality game.  Reviews are 'overwelmigly positive' and was high on the steam charts for the first few days-- i'm disappointed it is starting to fall so quickly.  My library of games is extensive, and this game is one of my finest purchases of 2016."
76561197987160053,Recommended,418240,28487334,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,wigpeeler,"Fantastic. Great atmosphere, challenging play, numerous paths to completion, and a great feeling of reward when it all comes together. Like Commandos, this is sort of like a puzzle game to some extent, but there are more than enough options to alter or disrupt the systems in place that it never feels like you just have to figure out the one path/timing to make it work. As others have said, set the voices to Japanese (it is subtitled anyway) for atmosphere. The maps are gorgeous to look at, and some are enormous. There are only so many basic stories to be told, so it is redundent to say it is conventional - more important is that the story here is well told and holds your attention.  The well designed achievements/badges will keep you retrying levels, something I rarely bother doing in other games. Congratulations to the creators! More missions please!"
76561197963973496,Recommended,418240,30906784,Posted: 2 April,all,[GA] Doops,If you played and enjoyed the Commandos series from the 1990s; Shadow Tactics is a must play GOTYIf you play and enjoy strategy &/or stealth games; Shadow Tactics is a must play GOTY
76561197987058545,Recommended,418240,30903920,Posted: 2 April,all,Combat Ontologist,"Absolutely fantastic game. The story and characters hook you in, and the campaign length is great (not too short, unlike so many modern games). Compelling, satisfying gameplay; there's a satisfying balance between careful, almost puzzle-like planning, and more frantic moments when you desperately try to recover a situation. Truly beautiful, ""paint-like"" 3D graphics, but which very much work with the mechanics (e.g. the brilliant way light works).Frankly, this is better than the Commandos series by which it was partially inspired. I suspect that Shadow Tactics will be well-remembered by gaming history."
76561198089335234,Recommended,418240,30909348,Posted: 2 April,all,firesofmay,"If you loved Commandos, Buy it without even thinking! Being a hardcore fan of that genre, I would say this is a better reboot of that genre than I expected! Can't wait for more DLCs or series. Buy Buy Buy! (If you not sure play the demo and be convinced!)"
76561198041197106,Recommended,418240,28691334,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Reetavirp,"BUY IT. This is one of the best games I have ever played. I used to love the old Commandos games however this one beats them. Yes it can get frustrating, but it makes you think. Very enjoyable. Just completed it on Normal mode, now to play through it on Hardcore mode. Please release a sequel ;-)"
76561198009572410,Recommended,418240,28688694,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Mythralis,"An exceptional game! Shadow Tactics can be very challenging, but is also very rewarding. Great synergy between the different characters and their abilities, which gives plenty of playstyle options. The game also makes you switch up your gameplay when a certain character may not be available for a mission. Highly recommended."
76561198176776419,Recommended,418240,28352670,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,dromio,"Nice graphics, story so far seem to be interesting (I´m at the third scenario).Interface seems very intuitive, so you can focus attention on what has to be done.Gameplay is like the old Comandos game.If you like the RTS + puzzles, that´s the game for you."
,Recommended,418240,28352699,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Shai182,"OMG finaly Commandos like game thank you thank you!!!The game is streight tactics and save scuming is part of the game, and the depth is great, a must for anyone that want this type of games, go thru and enjoy every moment of it!"
76561198024772968,Recommended,418240,30953811,Posted: 4 April,all,Don Wong,"Beautifully realised and quite challenging.  Requires careful planning, invention and problem solving.One point of frustration though.  Some of the controls are buggy.  For example, double clicking sometimes results in running and sometimes not.  The rock throw ability sometimes works on all targets and sometimes not.  Clicking near gates sometimes produces unexpected results.  Not great when a single mistake can take you back to square one.That aside, well worth buying."
,Recommended,418240,30955174,Posted: 4 April,all,Karate,"Can't wait for a sequel!  There's always room for improvement but these guys have done a lot of stuff right with this game.  It would be fun to have a little customization, either by having a PC, skins, or by being able to choose your team to fit the mission ala Shadowrun."
,Recommended,418240,33146575,Posted: 2 July,all,POCONG JOGHETS,better then commandos
,Recommended,418240,32813311,Posted: 26 June,all,True - GPG is key,"Yes, please!Did you like Desperados or Commandos? This is better, immense dimensions and being able to turn the camera angle all around really gives it a better flow then previous stealth games I've played. Really worth the current price of 30€ on sale. I'm playing on Kubuntu 16.04 LTS with an AMD 380X(open drivers) and it works flawlessly had some complete desktop freezes but I think that's on my end.Considering I'm only on mission 3 so far I would absolutely recommend it. It has a replayable feel to it and I will most likely complete all missions, all badges and all achievements.Edit: after 33 hours I've completed my first playthrough, I will probably finish at least once more.Feels like an absolute masterpiece in this genre!Would love to see a sequel in western style like Desperados, or army style like Commandos, I think these developers can bring some more awesome games for fair price in the same genre."
,Recommended,418240,33012840,Posted: 29 June,all,Ashen,"9/10Wow I didn't expect this game to be THIS good, I felt like I was missing the real-time strategy games cause of how most strategy games are turn based nowadays, I saw this game on steam summer sale and was like ""Meh, the graphics look ok, the trailers look ok.. maybe I'll give it a go and see if it's worth it"".What a lucky find.My only complaint would be not being able to alt-tab while the game is loading a map, it feels weird just staring at a frozen screen for 1 min every while, but at least I picked up the habit of drinking water every time there is a loading screen. :P"
76561198038894498,Recommended,418240,33006093,Posted: 29 June,all,Griffin,Awesome!
76561198170459198,Recommended,418240,33016142,Posted: 29 June,all,Master Atma,"Game is awesome.  Best ""puzzle"" game i've played since portal.  If they make a sequel I will buy it."
76561198049298238,Recommended,418240,33025542,Posted: 29 June,all,Jaysonne,"This is an excellent game, requiring players to think a lot. More often than not, there are multiple ways to accomplish the objective, you'd just have to find which solution suits your taste. If you like tactics, this is definitely for you."
76561198182934907,Recommended,418240,33245423,Posted: 4 July,all,Turk February,"This game is really fantastic. Aside from simply being beautiful, the design of each level lets the player be creative in the way they wish to approach and solve the objective. The best part is -- it's challenging. You really have to think to unravel the 'puzzles' the game presents to you. If this game were aStar Warscharacter it would probably be one of the characters that everyone likes. I don't really know much aboutStar Wars. If this game were aHarry Pottercharacter, it would be Frodo."
,Recommended,418240,32825974,Posted: 26 June,all,Super Creepy,"After years, I finally found a game that I can spend a lot of time to complete all missions, badges & archivements, just like the old Commandos. Your characters are not heroes, they cannot even stand for a 1vs1 match with the enermies. You must be patient, and wait, and waiitt, and waiiittt for your chances.Sound-tracks are truly master pieces as well.Highly recommend to all players who were fans of Commandos.Well... Updated on June 29th, 2017: After finish this game, to all mimimies, I am very pleased to kill you all in game >""<"
76561198038813153,Recommended,418240,33185347,Posted: 3 July,all,C0bra,"Great Atmosphere, challenging Gameplay"
76561198012201131,Recommended,418240,33180479,Posted: 3 July,all,Portuguese_Heat,"ABSOLUTELY amaing game.Probably my most enjoyed game in my library. It's not uninstalled as still hoping to see ""downloading"" with some new addon or even a purchasable DLC expansion pack. I need MORE!Get it, you won't regret it!"
,Recommended,418240,33309182,Posted: 6 July,all,pacomaro,Amazing game! Reminds me of Commandos. It has alot of nice subleties like certain restrictions and different types of opponents. Too bad I don't have the Tobii eye tracker.
,Recommended,418240,28966283,Posted: 2 January,all,Glickipedia,"Excellent stealth strategy game. Finally something new since the old tenchu games. Very well done game with multiple levels , hero combinations , and difficulty settings."
,Recommended,418240,28598535,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,ninja unicorn,only game i play while eating Cambel's Chunky Beef Stew Family size
76561197966089373,Recommended,418240,28922296,Posted: 1 January,all,Adam,I saw gameplay of Shadow Tactics and immediately thought of Commandos. The game plays very much like the Commandos series from the past and brought back great memories. The gameplay and story are solid. One of my top 5 games of 2016. Highly recommended.
,Recommended,418240,28946240,Posted: 2 January,all,Elmappio,"Superb. Here's hoping for a sequel. Or even another era setting, eg WW2 like Commandos, medieval Europe, whatever."
76561198042495464,Recommended,418240,28933454,Posted: 2 January,all,BestiaAgnostica,"This game is everything i wanted it to be.So far i've got a couple of crashes, but nothing serious... I havent lost any progressIf you loved Commandos, this is basically the same.... but maybe better now"
76561198030691522,Recommended,418240,28928949,Posted: 1 January,all,Curanthir,"absolutely amazing, very well polished and fun to play. Devs seem responsive. A must have if you like strategy, tactics, and/or stealth games."
76561198275359742,Recommended,418240,28929428,Posted: 1 January,all,JustRupert,"If you like challenges, thinking, cheesy lines, characters, and Japan then this is the game for you! I would like to se a sequel just to see these characters again. They really grow on you. It is one of the best games of 2016! I just loved this game!"
76561197990867009,Recommended,418240,28936648,Posted: 2 January,all,Vicious,"Really am enjoying this game , reminds me of the old days of classic games like:CommandosDesperados: Wanted Dead or Aliveor Robin Hood: The Legend of SherwoodIf you've played the above games then this game is right up your street. What you waiting for give it a buy !!"
,Recommended,418240,28935629,Posted: 2 January,all,Funbit,"Highly recommended if you liked Commandos series! It's almost like Frozen Synapse + Commandos, but in Japan."
,Recommended,418240,29095155,Posted: 7 January,all,LandoCalrizzian,"Great game. If you liked Commandos you'll love this game.  If you don't know what Commandos is then you're in luck b/c Shadow Tactics has a free demo. Shadow Tactics is a real time, stealth action puzzler. You control up to 5 characters to accomplish mission objectives that range from moving from one end of the map without being seen, assassinate some warlord without being seen or disrupt this camp without being seen.  There is enough variation in the maps and gameplay that allows each map to fully utlilize character abilities in many different ways to accomplish the objective.  Shadow mode is the $#!+. Nothing feels better than executing a rifle shot, leaping knife dive, shuriken throw and finishing it all off with blade furry dash on 4 separate characters at the same time in a beautiful symphony of death.Since it runs on Linux, I can confirm that it runs flawlessly on an Nvidia 1060 with Fedora and i3wm. Game runs full screen and I can switch between workspaces on the fly without annoying issues where the game won't re-capture the mouse for edge scrolling"
76561198027845400,Recommended,418240,29144310,Posted: 9 January,all,Shuffleblade,"This review is written mainly for the hardcore strategy/puzzle-solving gamers that is considering buying this game.I played this game through on hardcore mode from the the start (hardest difficulty) and therefore all my judgements are made based on the increased difficulty that this mode offers.This game i absolutely amazing, it the best strategy/sneak game I have ever played and probably of all time. I love strategy games but I generally don't like sneak games very much. Don't get me wrong, I play them and I like them-for a time. The problem is sneak games often get stale, you go through a learning curve figuring out how the game works( usually this is rather short) and after that its just a question of being patient. Waiting for the right timing over and over again, being impatient is often punished. At this point a sneak game usually tethers between too easy or hard and merely a waste of time. Many times I feel no real challenge from these games(even on hard difficulty), I never feel genuinely worried about being able to clear a map or level, it is only a question of time and thats were my interest wanes. For the record I am not a very talented puzzle solver, I am averagely gifted but stubborn.This game never feels this way, at least not hardcore difficulty. This game is hard as hell, I have been worried several times about if I would actually find a way to make this work but I did! This game is devilishly hard but it also gives you countless tools to use, skill and speed is essential to clear many of the levels in this game without being unfair or only having one solution. Every single map has many possible solutions but sometimes your previous actions make things complicated.I can strongly recommend this game on its gameplay and mechanics alone but it also has a great atmosphere, beautiful music and surprisingly strong characters. The story in this game is average, but the atmosphere and the feelings you get towards the characters more than makes up for that. Thanks to great voice work(I choose Japanese) and interesting dialogue these characters really came alive for me.If you have never gotten these tactic games or sneak games but wonder what the fuss is about, this is the right game to try(on normal mode obviously) because if you don't like this one, you won't like any of them."
76561198062020925,Recommended,418240,29112508,Posted: 8 January,all,StevieT_84,"Where did this game come from? Challenging, but the loop is so good. Encourages experimentation and trial-and-error and I love it."
76561198066573266,Recommended,418240,28726656,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,kabhinav86,"Like everyone's mentioned already, this is for anyone who sunk many hours into the original Commandos series. As you'd expect, the game has an interesting array of characters, each with their own unique abilities that more or less complement each other. To make use of these characters/skills you have very smooth gameplay mechanics and controls. And to top it all off, there's brilliant level design, each with multiple approaches.A surprise masterpiece from a relatively unknown developers. 10/10."
76561198006478162,Recommended,418240,28761909,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,avihaiel,amazing game brings back forgotten genre.I hope it’s the first of many to come.
76561198194323806,Recommended,418240,28818388,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,SnowViper6A,"Honestly, this game blows me away. Between it's art style, gameplay, and how it manages to give all their characters believable personalities, I really don't know what all to say about it. I will warn you that it IS a difficult game. I feel I'm of average skill when it comes to stealth, and this game kicks my♥♥♥♥♥(in the best of ways). It's hard enough to explain just that little. This game literally blows my mind to the point that I don't know how to describe it. This game is obviously not for everyone, but if you like stealth and a challenge then whoo boy are you in for a treat. It's quite possible this is my GOTY 201610/10 Would Stealth Again"
76561198275153413,Recommended,418240,28907800,Posted: 1 January,all,jalrowaiei,Awesome hardcore stealth strategy game set in Japan in Edo era.
,Recommended,418240,29035454,Posted: 5 January,all,Halandaar,"First time I've felt compelled to review a game on here, and I'm happily writing to say this game is excellent and I recommend it! The art style is great, level designs are excellent and the spirit of Commandos is evoked impressively, without ripping it off. The option for full Japanese voiceover dialogue is also a great boost to the immersion. I'm some 20-odd hours into my first playthrough (normal difficulty) and I don't feel like I'm right at the end yet, and there's plenty to go back and do in each of the levels with various solutions to some of the missions.But given the state of today's gaming landscape, these things are possibly most worthy of note:- There is a fully functioning free demo, which you should definitely get.- The game is polished, well built and bug-free at release.- You actually get a whole game for the whole-game price, not a 6-hour campaign with 8 paid DLC packs to come.- Replay value is high with achievements for alternative solutions.- Difficulty is high enough on Normal to actually be challenging.It seems sad that the gaming industry has gotten to the point where these things need to be singled out for praise, but what can you do. Anyway. Recommended."
,Recommended,418240,29029013,Posted: 5 January,all,rinick,awesome game
76561198061615774,Recommended,418240,29016883,Posted: 4 January,all,quingle,Warcraft III meets Asassins Creed
,Recommended,418240,29019863,Posted: 4 January,all,dataCore,"Amazing! Stunning! Playing 2-3h on a single map makes me absolutely relaxing after a hard day at work. Shadow Tactics is like the old ‘Commandos Series’ (You remember: Behind Enemy Lines?) or like ‘Desperados’ (cowboy's?) with lovely graphic, interesting level-design, almost no bugs and a good character set.There is a ‘Demo-Version’ here on steam!You have to give it a try!@Developers: Keep on the good work! We want MORE!PS: Its not ahardcorerealtime tactical stealth game - that level ofhardcorewas normal... in the past Commandos era :)"
76561197976423338,Recommended,418240,29021689,Posted: 4 January,all,Raxnor,"Very well made game that shows that tactical stealth genre is not ready to die yet.The amount of work hours and polishing really shows up, it is really pleasure to play through the missions and see how characters grow and interact with each other as the story goes on.After a few hours of testing Blades of the Shogun, I could not help but notice how similar it feld to Commandos series and The Legend of Sherwood. Parts of mechanics were almost carbon copy from older games, which is by no means an bad thing, but I'd had hoped more unique view than an fresh paint in graphics and location.Nonetheless the game is worth of its price, it is challenging, fun and missions are worth of going through again.Although why waste time reading reviews when you can play the great demo and see the first missions for free."
76561198045514543,Recommended,418240,29024237,Posted: 4 January,all,Brain Eater,"this game is amazing, I loved desperados when I was a kid and this one is way more fun and challenging and has so much depth into the japanese culture and traditions in that era.def recommend 9/10"
76561197966704258,Recommended,418240,28981810,Posted: 3 January,all,Deiwos,"Throw back to the good old days playing comandos, atleast the good comando games 1 and 2."
,Recommended,418240,28994727,Posted: 3 January,all,Siv,Absolutely fantastic tactical stealth game. Give the demo a go and have your wallet handy.
76561198060941734,Recommended,418240,28998462,Posted: 3 January,all,チゼイ~,This is one of the few game - that were so polished and well designedand reviving the genre that long dead
76561197972576842,Recommended,418240,29003422,Posted: 4 January,all,Joker-DOA-,"At first glance this is Commandos with Ninjas (which was enough to buy it in the first place), but it's much more even than that. The art is crisp and stylish, the game play mechanics, beyond a few self imposed issues, are excellent. And the theme is superb. If you liked Commandos way back when play it because of that. If you like puzzle games then there's your reason. If you like this period of Japanese history... you get where I'm going with this."
,Recommended,418240,29014126,Posted: 4 January,all,Caldric,"I downloaded the demo and was immediately hooked. This game is very difficult at times, but the different approaches and strategies you can use in each level make for an excellent time. The characters are interesting and unique in their abilities, which when combined with shadow mode or simple impeccable timing, create some epic moments. I thought the game would be a lot shorter than it is, with not only more missions than I expected, but also the potential time it takes to complete each one ""perfectly"" being a lot longer than I could have hoped. As well, the lure to attain all of the individual level challenges keeps me trying and failing for hours at a time.TLDR: Great level design, challenging and rewarding game-play, wonderful theme, interesting characters and voice work, enchanting music, and fantastic animations."
,Recommended,418240,29015058,Posted: 4 January,all,Spring Bag,"This is my first review on Steam.  I love this game so much that I have to write something about it.  I am thoroughly addicted, so much that I have to play the same mission multiple times right after beating it for the first time, just to try a different route/strategy, and to earn more badges/achievement.  I loved Robin Hood: The Legend of Sherwood back in the day, and this game is right up my alley.  Queuing up multiple stealth kills, distractions, and sniper shots, then executing all of them at the same time, watching all the enemies die and no alarms were sounded, was super satisfying and make you feel like a bad♥♥♥♥♥ Graphics are full 3d with free camera rotation but retain the isometric view and gameplay of tactical games like Commandos.  The 5 characters in the game are likable and I find myself growing attached to them as the story unfolds.  Voice acting is great for the most part but why does Yuki have a British accent, lol? Gameplay is amazing: trying to find that weak spot, threading and weaving through enemies' view cone, etc, the game encourages creative usage of all the skills available with multiple solutions to a problem.  Enemy AI is excellent as well and each time the alarm is sounded, their defense will change to counter your infiltration.The game runs smoothly for the most part.  Optimization can be improved but that's just a minor gripe.  It is also very polished and bug-free.  I only encountered 1 minor UI bug: if you queue up a shadow mode Tanuki Howl then recall him back to you, the icon will stay there forever until you requeue another shadow mode then cancel it.  I also hope that you can just press T for the howl without having to selected Takuma first then click T.Final verdict:  If you love this type of game, don't wait, get it now.PS: hoping for more DLC in the future"
76561198071660164,Recommended,418240,28984164,Posted: 3 January,all,shaidr733,Nice
,Recommended,418240,28787966,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,yanamal,"A well thought-out evolution of the Real-Time Tactics genre. Feels really slick. Interesting new UI and gameplay decisions.Still doesn't quite beat out my favorite game in the genre (Robin Hood) in terms of breadth of choice, both tactical and bigger-picture (who to take on a mission, which missions to do), and fun optional things to do within the levels (e.g. robbing the rich, rescuing/recruiting allies, other reasons to explore the level). But probably my second favorite now!"
76561197997677317,Recommended,418240,28798635,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,MentaL,"This game is amazing. If you love old school tactical squad games (or whatever they are called) like Desperados, Commandos, Robin Hood then buy this without a doubt. The gameplay is really solid and the level design allows for multiple ways to get to the end of the level."
,Recommended,418240,32140846,Posted: 2 June,all,aSm,HHiiiyyddinng in the busshhez??!!  >:)
,Recommended,418240,32205826,Posted: 5 June,all,QuinterX,Great developersGreat gameMedieval Asian Commandos are here!11/10Highly recommended this game!
76561198123534893,Recommended,418240,32208168,Posted: 5 June,all,BotatoMaster,Gud Job
,Recommended,418240,32205005,Posted: 5 June,all,Xrvel,This game reminds me of Commando.The story is interesting. Gameplay is fun.Voice actor/actress are good too.9/10.
76561198021417927,Recommended,418240,32462781,Posted: 15 June,all,71st_AH_J13Serenity,"Great story, characters, music, and gameplay."
76561197981573793,Recommended,418240,32137008,Posted: 2 June,all,NagaN,"Yeay commandos 4 !Played ""ssome"" hours now on that game and I confirm that its a really nice one.One piece of advice: if you are a commando's serie fan, play on hardcore. it will give you very interesting challenges."
76561198005397605,Recommended,418240,32557301,Posted: 18 June,all,Zaphod Beeblebrox,"Such a fantastic game. Beautiful visuals, great story, and dialog. I feel connected to the characters. I hope we see them again in a sequel."
,Recommended,418240,32550039,Posted: 18 June,all,pirhotoe,"Excellent stealth strategy game. Difficult, but not impossible."
,Recommended,418240,32181758,Posted: 4 June,all,ですです,10/10
76561198015068343,Recommended,418240,32753666,Posted: 24 June,all,Roman,Paid full price because it’s worth it
76561198001431522,Recommended,418240,32434989,Posted: 15 June,all,glasner7,"Well, I never played a game like this to be frank. It was very easy to get into and became increasingly more difficult, but more fun as well.The art is beautiful, the music is very harmonic and it fits every setting.I didn't encounter any bugs.Game lenght was about 23 hours (only normal mode, no archivements), that is OK for it's price I think.I have to give this game a 10/10 since I really can't find any flaws.Hopefully they will make another such game, or maybe release some DLC missions."
,Recommended,418240,32146845,Posted: 3 June,all,Wulfbanes,"This was an excellent game. It was a wonderful next instance  of the Commandos series. While the game definately sent my video card fans spinning (recommend a powerful rig) and I experienced a sequence-breaking bug in level 11 (which was quickly resolved by googling), there was no point in which I lost enjoyment in the game. My mind was utterly blown when the Geisha character who, like the Spy in the Commandos series can dress up and talk to guards, said the following line: ""Guten Tag"". While utterly out of place in the Japanese setting, it was also a wonderful memory. Thank you for making this."
76561198287517464,Recommended,418240,32054495,Posted: 29 May,all,HystEriA,"I used to be a huge fan of Commandos, and this game share a lot similarity with it. I also like the Japanese war set up too, more convincible to use knives and traps than those in WWII. The story is quite a mystery and consective in missions where Commandos are more independent chapters and missions.Only thing I hate so far, is too many hints. Let us players figure it out, that will be much more fun.Only 3 hours into this game, I know I gonna play HC and try all the achievement for this game.One of kind, Masterpiece!"
76561198085671329,Recommended,418240,32020719,Posted: 28 May,all,咖啡拌豆浆,"It's just fantastic.When I saw it first time on Youtube,  I smiled with ""interesting"" to see how the Commandos returned. I was wrong. It touches and grabs old Commandos players so easily with their familiar moment of excitement, but it is far more than a rework or mimic. Every detail of the story rich background, unique featured characters, and, the most importantly, the strategy mechanism is a reflection of immense ingenuity. Yes, it is quite hard-cored, but during the playthrough across levels from easy to difficult, I enjoyed so much when finding solutions to more and more ""impossible"" chanllenges one more time.If you do like this category of game (and a bit of challenge!), it is definitely recommended."
,Recommended,418240,32007931,Posted: 27 May,all,x_mtd,"First impression: Wow!A must have for fans of the genre and a great spiritual successor to games like commandos or desperados. The characters and their mechanics are really well introduced. An interesting first is the function to remind you that you haven't saved for a longer time. The camera rotation makes accessing and navigating tight places much easier.I personally like that there are certain achieves/badges upon completing a map, that are mutually exclusive, which gives the maps more replayability.Overall a really good game and definitely worth its money."
76561198053656072,Recommended,418240,32647659,Posted: 22 June,all,Warbeck,"This is a truly excellent game and a real example of a game at the top of its category. It does everything it's trying to do so very well.So many different ways to approach the levels and it's well worth going back to do the badges after.It's a long game too, which is really nice!I'm dissapointed with the storyline, but the game doesn't suffer over all for that being average.I'd strongly recommend this game!"
76561198200698222,Recommended,418240,32663880,Posted: 22 June,all,chiefjasper,"Owned this game for awhile and just started playing. Man was I stupid for waiting to play this game. Great graphics, great gameplay, easy to learn, easy interface, but is still a challenge. Get this game, you will not be disappointed."
,Recommended,418240,32785467,Posted: 25 June,all,Kaven,"Great strategy and tactics games. Just like old school ""Commandos"" games but imersed in ancient japanese game play. The is no DLC content and you can enjoy the game over and over using new tactiucs each time. It was a great throwback to older games while simulateously beinf fresh and exciting. I absolutley loved it!"
,Recommended,418240,32758576,Posted: 24 June,all,BMPGoodSpell,"The game is beautifully designed and unique at its own manner. The puzzle is not for everyone because it may quite obvious or hard at a different time, patience from zhou ugh I mean patience is virtue in this game since your timing will be critical every single time. Satisfy with the game, enjoy it very much."
,Recommended,418240,32787817,Posted: 25 June,all,<< [G]son >>,"I falling in love with this game, I really like stealthy game especially when it about Japanese era.. I like to design so many killing stealth trick only use a simple and old weapon like shuriken, trap and katana. it really smart for me..I really love to have another update with this game.. like a new map and new story version but still about japanese era of course, because for me japanese era is like signature of this game. So please another update of new map ^^ THANK YOU Developer"
,Recommended,418240,29281546,Posted: 15 January,all,Siomax the Wanderer,"I used to hate stealth games before playing this one. It's stylish, it's interesting, it's dramatic. 10/10."
,Recommended,418240,29843860,Posted: 11 February,all,Gaming.Master,"This Realy remind us with Commandos Series but in new gameplay & graphics technologies.Amazing, Tactical RPG."
,Recommended,418240,30095919,Posted: 22 February,all,Mervill,"Just when you think this game can't get any harder, it doesin a good way10/10"
76561197973307364,Recommended,418240,29918710,Posted: 14 February,all,Jordon,"Well crafted Commandos remake. Very enjoyable to play, interface, etc is easy to use.I did notice a few small bugs, nothing game-breaking or crashes, etc - but a tad annoying.Replayability is pretty limited, I've restarted the campaign on hardcore mode and don't notice the difference. Characters have less health and you get spotted quicker, but if you play the game properly neither of those things matter.The ""badges"" which might add challenge for a replay tend to be a bit silly, like one is ""don't use the save game feature"".I also wish there was more time spent using all the characters, I feel the level designers cheated a bit by spending most of the game with only 2-3 of your team in action at one time.All in all, recommended (stfu and buy this now) - but I needed to contrast all the overwhelmingly positive reviews :)"
76561197983845460,Recommended,418240,30021261,Posted: 18 February,all,0uts1der-,"Wow, a game ! A bug free game ! With a decent amount of difficulty, plenty of content, replay value, excellent gameplay and no cash grab gimmicks for 40$ ? Consider me sold gentlemen !"
76561198011545137,Recommended,418240,30040636,Posted: 19 February,all,NUTS!!!,"Received as a gift. Story is pretty decent. Mechanically, it felt like a new entry in the ""Commandos"" series. I feel medieval Japan fits these mechanics perfectly, you know. Ninjas n'♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198100483235,Recommended,418240,31035127,Posted: 9 April,all,albertbramp,"It's a challenging game, even on normal difficulty. Sometimes, you're trying to infiltrate an area, and there's four guards looking at each other and a 3-man patrol plus another one on the roof, and you're thinking about how hard this will be...and you raise the alarm, shoot a couple guards and run, guerrila tactics...or you can go full stealth. The game allows for a lot of flexibility in strategy, whether you want to go at it directly or use a more convoluted plan, it's up to you!"
,Recommended,418240,30084221,Posted: 21 February,all,Naka /\/,"IT IS AWESOME!!!!I spent the whole weekend just to play this game. I really took my time finishing each level, as I spent around 2.5 hours on each level. I hope they release new level or DLC soon.If you love tactical game, then Shadow Tactic is for you."
76561198027066428,Recommended,418240,29957152,Posted: 15 February,all,Keeper_of_Precepts,"As a previous player and lover of the Commandos series, this game as been most welcome.Three missions in, and I feel right at home, and loving every moment of it.Love the Shadow Tactics part of the game, executing several actions all at once is always pleasureable!More like this please!, and please dont fall into the same trap of Commandos and become action orientated!Great Game!!"
,Recommended,418240,29984448,Posted: 17 February,all,Oxillious,"A worthy challenge, gorgeous scenery and an above average story. If you enjoy stealth games and want to feel immersed in atmosphere, then this is the one for you.""Wake up little tune!"""
76561198103642115,Recommended,418240,29997551,Posted: 17 February,all,ElliotZ,"Such fun, so hard, so addictive, the best stealth action games in years, i mean it.^That's me speaking Trumpglish.For real though, this game wins bigly."
76561198276591474,Recommended,418240,29106003,Posted: 7 January,all,JS-Garrison,"An absolute joy to play, Shadow Tactics: Blades of the Shogun combines tactical gameplay (like it says on the tin), an engaging story, likeable characters, and great sound (both voice work and soundtrack) to make a game that is one of the best of 2016.Playing through the story, I was astounded that I didn't encounter any bugs or AI issues. It would seem that Mimimi pulled out all the stops to put together an experience that I personally will be replaying over and over again."
76561197967740239,Recommended,418240,31048416,Posted: 9 April,all,glottis,"This is my favourite game in a long time, and I play a fair old lot of stuff.  It's so well-designed, so meticulously laid out, and is full of personality and understated great storytelling.  I recommend it to anyone that has a little patience and likes stealth and tactics."
76561197985516894,Recommended,418240,29568131,Posted: 29 January,all,=3SFG=DarksideSoldier[11th],What a Fantastic Game if you loved commando's and desperado's games you will love this the level design is great characters are also great also has plenty of replayability with badges to collect and also achievements if thats your thing can be very challenging but when you overcome the obstacles the sense of achievement is immense.If you are not sure you will like it they also have a demo which is very rare to see these days.Thank you devs for bringing a genre back that has been sorely missed.
,Recommended,418240,29283920,Posted: 15 January,all,Guille,"Great game. Fell in love. As I am writing this I did not finish it yet, but I do not need to finish it to tell people how great this game is. I spend only 17 hours on it, I'm not through half of it, I got amused replaying the first missions several times instead of going on with the story...My pros:- Love the graphics. No need for fancy new things, or super 3D amazing stuff. The game however creates a really good atmosphere.- I really like the game topic. The characters are not deep, but they have an identity, and they are fun what is to me the most important.- Interesting puzzles, interesting challenges, and several ways to go through them. Specially once you discover the mission variants, like winning with no kills. Some puzzles can be amazingly frustrating! :D- Great replayability. You'll find yourself playing the same mission over and over. And you don't feel you're repeating it. Moreover you start to put yourself challenges, like killing everybody, go through the most difficult path as fast as you can...The price is high, but it's worth it. Maybe wait for some sales, but it's worth it.PLEASE DEVELOPERS, GET ME MORE OF THIS"
76561198236526392,Recommended,418240,29533939,Posted: 27 January,all,Stagewalker,"Wow. This game is probably one of the best strategic stealth games I've played. From the likes of Tenchu, Metal Gear and Hitman, this combines the rhythm and strategic planning with much, much more.The levels, even on a relatively easy mode, will take you a considerable amount of time each. The last level I just played took over 4 hours to make it through- trial and error, learning from stupid mistakes.Totally worth the money."
,Recommended,418240,29554817,Posted: 28 January,all,Badumtssk,"One of the best games I have ever played. Dope story, dope mechanics, dope soundtracks, dope characters, dope graphics, doep game."
,Recommended,418240,29558686,Posted: 28 January,all,Mystery,8.5/10
76561198021614360,Recommended,418240,29392374,Posted: 21 January,all,ewr.2703,"Have not finished the game but if the first few hours represent what I am in for, this is an absolutle must buy.Great voice acting, the art work is great, the action is intense and combining the skills of the characaters together is a blast.Should have been a contender for game of the year in 2016. Definitely recommend.Edit (Ten hours in, the amazing has not stopped.)By level 5, you have all the people at your control and the levels become quite large, objectives are varied, the AI is still relentless (not to be bothered by normal silly tactics like in other stealth games i.e Hitman), the strategy is just pure awesome.10/10 even though it can be frustrating at times."
76561198007844212,Recommended,418240,29562296,Posted: 29 January,all,Kombucha,Easily a 10/10
,Recommended,418240,29185708,Posted: 11 January,all,blackmiaool,"Splendid game routine, impressive plot."
,Recommended,418240,29202652,Posted: 12 January,all,Wubba Lubba Dub Dub™,Good Game...Unique gameplay :D..spend a hours trying to figure out how to complte a mission..haha...
76561198029845108,Recommended,418240,29198669,Posted: 11 January,all,ESonix,"This game is absolutely stellar!  Highly recommended.  Many other reviews here have described it all in great detail, so I'll keep this one short and just leave it at that."
76561198029497246,Recommended,418240,29210594,Posted: 12 January,all,Sprudels,Great game!!!
76561198064893613,Recommended,418240,29212828,Posted: 12 January,all,Wercal,"This game is wonderful; tactics game, It is really challenging but fair. It has plenty of replayability because of the number of ways a level can be adressed. The most fun I had with it was the speedrun achivements, Overall this game is blast to play.The only part that I didn't like was the story. It linked the levels pretty well but it is pretty boring with a second look. You can see that the developpers really focused of mechanics and it's caracthers wich is the most important part in my opinion.Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,418240,29201465,Posted: 12 January,all,Tiny,"For those looking for come Commandos-like gameplay...that's the stuff.....it's just... awesome.... loved every second playing this, and now I want someDLC's lol."
76561198065510823,Recommended,418240,29174896,Posted: 10 January,all,Chmeva,"I normally try to avoid stealth games, but I'm glad I tried this one. I would strongly encourage anyone to try the demo to get a taste of this isometric tactical stealth game.If I could change one thing it would be for the game to support multiplayer, but it's a great game regardless."
76561198013539633,Recommended,418240,28529985,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Kepa,"An absolute gem! The game is not only awesome at its main role - stealth tactical game, it has polished every other aspect - UI, storyline, controls, perfomance optimisation, background music, actor voices, etc. I've enjoyed every minute of those 50+ hours it took me to complete the game. If you`re old enough to remember Commandos series, and you liked them - this is a no-brain instabuy for you. If that reference doesn't ring a bell, then it is a great example of stealth tactical genre games, which i advice you to try!It even has a demo, god damn it! How many devs today make demos? Pure awesomeness, thats how the games should be done! The Games, i'd even say!"
76561197976134657,Recommended,418240,29182538,Posted: 11 January,all,Vrtra Theory,"Overall, if you are interested in some squad-based real-time stealth tactics, this is an amazing game.* Looks and sounds great.* Runs excellent on my MacBook.* This is definitely not a stealth-slash-action (MGS) type game, being seen for more than a second or two is pretty much game over.  However, the quicksave/quickload is fast and reliable, so punishment for mistakes doesn't feel overbearing."
76561198015641513,Recommended,418240,29180414,Posted: 11 January,all,Ryder,Well done!
,Recommended,418240,29180847,Posted: 11 January,all,Geekman,"The game is amazing. I got hooked within minutes of starting it. The characteres are beleivable and the story surprisingly emotional and satisfying. The level design is great and there were areas that were genuinely difficult. The game does not save much on its own so its left upto you(though it does show a box with time you went without saving) and if you forget to save for a long time you might be in for some frustration, The controls can be irritating sometimes and there are still some unfixed bugs. There was a point where one character was stuck in a building, and just wont come out, and I had to go back toa save created 1 hour ago and replay much of the level.But all said it is a great achievement for the genre."
,Recommended,418240,29166329,Posted: 10 January,all,getbiks,One of the best strategy game I have ever played. I played the demo and instantly got hooked. Purchased it as soon as my demo got over and my game resumed from there onwards. This is not a typical game where you just play as you feel like. You really have to plan your moves in order to complete the mission. There were times when I had to take a break and come back again and restart the missions. The game itself is very big with lot of missions. The badges are really difficult to get. A good challenging game. Highly recommended.P.S - I wish devlopers add more mission or co-op missions. Co-op missions would be really awesome
,Recommended,418240,29173510,Posted: 10 January,all,Vatorr,"Stealth as it should be done.+20 hours of entertaining gameplay for the first playthroughReplayability encouraged with many achievements and badges to collectMultiple paths and ways to beat levelsWell written (although predictable) story lineGreat voice acting (Japanese recommended)Captivating characters with different skill setsNice aesthetics and graphicsIf you like stealth and you like Ninjas, you 100% buy this. Haven't had this much fun since the Tenchu series."
76561197977063435,Recommended,418240,29211298,Posted: 12 January,all,Kal,"Quite the fun tactics based game. Take your time and plan your moves, and enjoy when a perfectly timed assault is executed. Most games in the same genre tend to be completely turn-based, where this one is all live action and real-time when it comes to moving around enemies and planning your path. There are plenty of challenges to offer multpile play-throughs and different strategies."
,Recommended,418240,29212539,Posted: 12 January,all,Singrex6,"Little foot prints, traitors like arrows"" - Yuki. By far one of the best games on Steam right now. The gameplay is solid, and be prepare to quickload constantly. like every 2 minutos amigo! Because the game is dificult-but Fair. The dialogues of the characters is extremely well writteng. Little Yuki is by far the most fun character to hear!!! Best Bday gift I received in the last 8 years."
76561198002834634,Recommended,418240,29502120,Posted: 26 January,all,joao.madrid,Amazing for anyone that likes Commandos.
76561198021880265,Recommended,418240,28281720,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,madd.rabbit,"redone/ edited 1/29/2017OK, I wanted to rewrite this review because now that I finished the game I have to say this is truly a great game. Some people might balk at the price tag and so did I at first but I relented and I have not been disappointed. You may have already seen this in other reviews but it is the same style of stealth game as the Commandos series which I had NOT played before.Pros+ Great Stealth Strategy game... frowns on trying to go the action route+ Multiple ways to complete most encounters+ large and complex maps with tough but not impossible challenges... think of each encounter as a puzzle and the map as a whole as an even larger puzzle+ level design... it might be the  best I've ever played to be honest+ english voice overs were good... not cheesy at all+ decent story with one interesting twist (maybe a little predictable)+ no glitches or crashes - very smooth running game+ some replayability with the ingame badges and steam achievements+ actually worth the price of admission (coming from a typical steam gamer used to crap cheap games under 15 dollars that's saying something)Cons- nothing... seriously, I couldn't think of really any except the frustation I felt at being stuck in certain parts but it was all that more satisfying when I finally figured it out- maybe one flaw was that it came from out of nowhere and had no warning it existed until it released.- one debateable flaw would be the long load times but I can give that a passOVERALL - Awesome! One of the few game I can give a near perfect score to - buy it if you are interested in Stealth, Tactics or Strategy gamesin the least"
76561198147848597,Recommended,418240,29617291,Posted: 31 January,all,yan02black,"Bring you back from the old Commando games, with more challenge and definitely an even more enjoyable experience!"
76561198038660811,Recommended,418240,31017920,Posted: 8 April,all,YuRWulu,"Very fun; I just finished up indulging 30 hours into maneuvering, scheming, and executingexcessively ""stealthy"" massacres just for the first play-through with countless save-load sequencesafter oh-so-many-oopsy-daisy catastrophes that I committed,but I throughly enjoyed taking sweet time to ponder on my choice of pathways in a giant jigsaw puzzle for each mission.The game mechanics and UI were intuitive and simple enough to hook me right into the game,and the plot within the game was captivating.I would love to see sequels after this one."
,Recommended,418240,28332986,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Pi7,Just perfect!
,Recommended,418240,28331544,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,paveq,"Exellent spiritual successor for Commando series. Proper art style, good characters."
76561198148368648,Recommended,418240,28322059,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Mikhael37,"If you're a fan of Desperados or Commandos, you should definitely get this game. I cannot stress enough how beautiful, in both gameplay and aesthetics, this game is. I am already wishing for more sequels!"
76561198032231006,Recommended,418240,28322448,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Grahf,"At first I was a little skeptical, but I tried the Demo, and all doubts were removed. I was immediately enthralled and engaged. The game is tough and puzzling, even on the easier difficulties. The time period, environments, and personalities; all make for a great isometric tactical experience- but beware, it is difficult! Im still in the early stages of the story, yet the story is engaging and interesting from the very first area. I could go on, but others already have elaborated at great lengths as to the challenging fun experience this game offers. I fully recommend it!"
,Recommended,418240,28320725,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,The_Maverick,This game  brought back memories of Desperados and Commandos.The game is set in a beautiful Shogun era and it has Japanese voice acting.Solid real-time tactics and gorgeous looking.I have had FPS drop randomly - apart from that - the game is must MUST buy if you loved either of the games i mentioned at the top.Loving it!
,Recommended,418240,28320753,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,bullskittles,"Fun game! Beautiful graphics, the voice acting is awesome, challenging game that can really make you think, and hours of fun :)"
,Recommended,418240,28320807,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Thr33Swords,"If you have ever played and enjoyed the Commados series (or Desperados) then you will love this game. In my opinion, Shadow Tactics is one of the best games of 2016, and is a drop of excellence in an ocean of indie games that should have stayed on mobile where they belong.Mimimi did an excellent job on this game. The art style is fantastic, the voice acting is very well done and the gameplay is interesting and challenging. Pick this one up if you like the idea of a stealth based RTS."
,Recommended,418240,28320852,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Kagerjay,"great storyline great characters, and really fun strategic gameplaybasically feudal lords commandos. If you haven't played that its like playing RTS such as starcraft without building anythingPros- Great voice acting (can choose japanese or english)- Memorable cast- First runthrough is like ~20 hours, and lots of replayability on hard mode- Old school stealth game- Characters all have unique abilities that contribute to beating missions- Lots of ways to beat missions and is very challenging even on normal modeCons- My game crashed on me 3xs, some directx issues- quicksaving can be a tad slow later in the game (at least imo) but not anywhere compared to something like xcom2"
76561198083987032,Recommended,418240,28323518,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,mr.slip,"This is really impressive job guys done here. Stabe, atmospheric and interesting game. Highly recommend to try out."
76561198025768656,Recommended,418240,29831518,Posted: 10 February,all,Columini,"Best game of 2016 in my opinion.Gameplay is Insane and controls are super intuitiveIf you like stealth games, If you liked the old commandos, you will love this game."
76561197969382026,Recommended,418240,29914523,Posted: 13 February,all,microwaved,"This was a game I stumbled upon with the steam recommendations. It looked interesting so I picked it up having never heard of it. About 70 hours later this is the first game I have ever 100% completed all achievements. I'd rank this game near perfect for an indie game. Fun, engaging story, and challenging while rewarding.There a couple of bugs, but none negatively affected game play. Polish was also very high, near where you would expect a AAA title to be. I cannot recommend this game more for fans of the classic stealth genre."
76561198012858082,Recommended,418240,29861079,Posted: 11 February,all,Rik,Excellent single player experience!
,Recommended,418240,29861766,Posted: 11 February,all,Allthegoodnamestaken,"There are already a thousand detailed reviews for this game, so I'll keep it short: Shadow Tactics is an absolute masterwork of a stealth game, and should be a must-play for anyone that enjoys a good no-detect run. In forsaking ability customization and hub worlds, Mimimi was able to create an incredibly focused game that knows exactly what the player is capable of at any given moment and forces them to use that limited ability set to its absolute maximum. Every part of the game, from the level design to the dialogue, feels deliberate and built to complement every other part.The difficulty and patience required (the last level took me 3 hours, and most were around 90 minutes) definitely aren't going to be for everyone, and there's nothing here for people who take the run-and-gun approach to stealth games, but it's basically perfect if you're like me and treat the genre essentially as a real-time puzzle. And there's even a demo if you're unsure!"
76561198007072150,Recommended,418240,29858016,Posted: 11 February,all,kunztfehler,"Awesome Game !!!Dont get frustrated, take a break, rethink your aproach and beat the Level :)I like pretty much everything about it, the colorful characters, their funny interactions, the wonderful art direction.... etc.Minor criticism for the sometimes clunky interface (chaining actions can be difficult) and the not totally reliable AI, but thats nitpicking."
76561198069844628,Recommended,418240,29868814,Posted: 12 February,all,ZXRN9000,"I haven't been excited about a tactical type game for a long while now. My friend showed me this baby and I was instantly hooked.Pros:Beautiful ArtNice BGMGameplay is amazingand Unique characters you'll love. (cough* Yuki cough*)The only downside for this game is when you press kill on an enemy, your character just kinda stands behind him and does nothing sometimes so you really have to zoom in on that.That said, this game is loads of fun and I hope it gets a sequel."
,Recommended,418240,29904123,Posted: 13 February,all,Alazar Ramir,"I came across this game by sure chance and I couldn't believe it was a tactical strategy similar to Commandos. I had truly believed those had gone out of fashion a long time ago.After playing a few levels I can definitely say I love this game. It brings back all the pleasant memories of playing games like Commandos, Desperados, and a few others my brain cannot recall the name of.Pros:+The gameplay is not easy but not impossible. It keeps me on my toes and forces me to re-evaluate my tactics. There is no single character skill spamming here.+Love how some mechanics in similar games are kept alive. Crawling in the dark part of the view cone to stay out of sight; dispose of bodies to waylay suspicion; guards become suspicious if comrades along their routes go missing; footprints in the snow arouse suspicions - so many ways to lead the enemy to their doom.+A few feature unlike previous game types, you can make a death look like an accident. Falling icicle, runaway cart, enraged ox... and many more, and the enemy will not suspect intruders. Also, I like how there is an enemy that can only be killed by either a specific character or indirect means.+Full 360 level design. This is not just rotating the map by 90 degrees. You get to pan it round as much as you want, enabling you to detect hidden threats, paths and traps.+Ninjas. I mean seriously that is a Pro in itself.+Timeline/Setting. Placing the story in ancient Japan is brilliant and complementary to the game style. Don't get me wrong I love the War Setting or Wild West, but this is fresh and new to the Tactical Strategy genre and it does it well.In Between (These are neither Pros nor Cons)+The story is engaging but quite possibly predictable. I haven't played the entire game to make a sound judgement but my suspicions are strong. Regardless, it does not take away from the experience.+Voice acting is pleasant. Thank you Lord for not giving us a disaster that was Desperados 2 and Helldorado *Shiver*. However saying that, Yuki's english voice can be a little irratating, but not enough to force to close down the game.Cons+I have not yet found one that I can call a Con. The only thing I have on my mind is the length of the game, but saying that, the game does offer replayability especially if you want to get all the medals. Some of them demand a 2nd or 3rd run through a level to get them."
76561197993984495,Recommended,418240,29921228,Posted: 14 February,all,Elosch,"Amazing game! Beautifully detailed maps, likeable characters, each with an excellently balanced set of special talents, and great controls. Mimimi/Daedalic have adopted everything that made Commandos 2 great, added their own unique ideas, and found an exciting historic setting for their story, taking this great genre to a new all-time pinnacle. Thanks you very much!Shame I've already finished all missions, this is definitely a game I would play a lot more of. Here's hoping for a sequel, but please one that doesn't suck like Commandos 3 did ;)."
,Recommended,418240,29885549,Posted: 12 February,all,sonicbooming,"Patience, experimentation, & lots of quick saves. That is how you succeed in this game. The art is beautiful, the game play is intelligent, and the story is enthralling. You should be playing this game. It's an absolute delight, one of those hidden gem games form 2016 that was overshadowed by larger AAA games. Don't ignore this title."
76561197970827939,Recommended,418240,29721326,Posted: 5 February,all,Dengar,If you liked the Commandos games by Eidos Interactive then you'll enjoy this. The game has very similar mechanics and play style.
76561198334178911,Recommended,418240,29282482,Posted: 15 January,all,arnavghatak,"Civilians are the real villains in this otherwise amazing tactical stealth game! Yuki charms while Mugen makes you laugh and Hayato broods; still 9 missions to go, but 4 down and I already feel like I played two games; a bit more freedom to the player with quick access to all characters and this would rock even more!"
76561198007237830,Recommended,418240,29331323,Posted: 17 January,all,nerfalus,"First off I absolultly loved this game.  That being said I will talk about the good (which is a lot) and the little bit of bad I found (which was not much at all).  So first off the story of this game is great, with some good characters, excellent voice acting, and some surprising twists along the way.  I felt like I actually cared about the characters, which made the story plot that much better.  Each character has some unique abilities, which give you a huge variety of options for how you will take on each mission.  The missions are pretty big, and I spent over 40 hours on this game in total (more on that later).  Everything in this game is about stealth, and you will really have to think about how you are going to tackle each situation you find yourself in.  Often a kill that looks straight forward, will have another soldier just out of sight, so you will have to really look around, study the map and the patterns of the guards and their sight cones.  The first two maps I just charged in, and very quickly I learned what a mistake that was.  Each time someone raises an alarm more guards are summoned in greater packs, which makes completing your mission much more difficult (I learned this the hard way on the second map and had to start over after spending over 2 hours on it).  That would be the one bad thing I found out about this game, well bad and good thing.....you really have to think and some of the missions can take a really long time.  The last two missions are really difficult, and I found myself loading previous saves quite a few times.  Make sure you save often and use the quick saves as well, that way you have more than one option.  Overall I highly recommend this game, its worth the money and time you will put into it.  One other side note, is they do a really good job of creating a great historical fudel Japanese setting so you come away with a better understanding of people in that time.  Do yourself a favor and play this game."
76561198017354387,Recommended,418240,29329376,Posted: 17 January,all,Silencefor,"Great game, interesting graphics. Very enjoyable!!"
,Recommended,418240,29300559,Posted: 16 January,all,Behemoth,"Awesome tactics game.I have been waiting for years for just such a game. Everything just fits together. The characters might appear a little too similiar at first (almost all can kill enemies in melee, almost all can move bodies), but then subtle differences in their abilites make quite big differences in how the characters are used (only one of them can kill armored enemies, some carry bodies, some drag them while crouched). The game slowly gets more and more difficult and almost each level introduces some small game mechanics (footsteps in snow, secret passages, night stealth mode) that have big impacts on how the game is played.So far every surprise has been a pleasant one - I can really recommend this game."
76561198052769949,Recommended,418240,29289976,Posted: 15 January,all,HotBolognas,"I'm a big fan of stealth games in general, and this is a good one. It has a very polished feel that, when combined with the other nice aspects of the game, for example, good level design, makes for a very good experience.I finished the game in about 35 hours, but am definately going to go back through and get some more badges, which challenge you to approach the levels in different ways. I'm very happy with my purchase, and would pre-purchase and expansion or sequel right now.This game definately gets a recommendation from me, but be aware that it is pretty challenging. If you're looking for a casual game, this may not be the one for you. If you like stealth games and are up for a bit of a challenge, don't hesitate to pay full price for this one."
76561198011579772,Recommended,418240,29290676,Posted: 15 January,all,LifeBeast,Do I kill everyone or sneakily complete the objective? This game makes me want to do both. It also makes me want to buy a new keycap for my f5 key.
,Recommended,418240,29430475,Posted: 22 January,all,Tooby,"This game is AWESOME.Really well polished, varied and addictive gameplay.So far i have clocked up 18+ hours and i'm no where near finished the campaign.Even when i finish it, I will deffinitly be replaying through all the missions atleast once more (hopefully more!). The achievement badges are fun and challenging and will give you plenty of replay value.If your on the fence, try the Demo, it's what i did. I instantly bought it after.10/10 I hope the developers bring out more titles similar to this."
76561198048196517,Recommended,418240,29434344,Posted: 22 January,all,sinancihan,"Fan of Commandos or Desperados? here is your game. A must play of 2016 strongly recommended. I hope they'll continue this game I,II,III,IV,V........... :))"
,Recommended,418240,29488098,Posted: 25 January,all,DaleFu,"This game is awesome!  What a find.  I saw there was a free demo on Steam so I gave it a go.  Instantly convinced me to buy, glad I did.  If you like stealth games, I cannot recommend enough!  I appreciate that it has controller support, though keyboard and mouse is infinitely easier to use.  Endearing characters, phenomenal stealth gameplay, a great ancient Japanese setting, beautiful environments and art style.  Try the demo, then buy the game."
,Recommended,418240,29479356,Posted: 25 January,all,Chess,"Got me hooked first 10 minutes (or so) of demo gameplay. I didn't think I'd like it as much as I do but thank goodness for the demo. But yeah, the game lets me complete missions while doing whatever works for me.  Basically, I don't have to do extra steps if I don't want to (unless I want to collect badges), and I can take however long I want (again, unless badges are involved). 10/10 would recommend to anyone who likes stealthy, tactical/strategy games."
,Recommended,418240,29476026,Posted: 24 January,all,CONTACT-,This game made me feel like I was playing Commandos 2 again... except this time I'm not 13 and a ♥♥♥♥ing idiot.I found myself planning things out in my head while at work.Can't wait for some sweet DLC action.Highly recommended.Protip: Don't watch speed runs until after you beat the game/level and realise how inefficient you are.
76561198178873177,Recommended,418240,29529122,Posted: 27 January,all,LeopardWolf,great game
76561198062843451,Recommended,418240,29470129,Posted: 24 January,all,InfernalSoul,"If you're a fan of commandos don't even think twice, just buy this game. You won't regret it :)"
76561198349645859,Recommended,418240,29313433,Posted: 17 January,all,drewloui,"This is the best stealth game I have played so far (I have played most classic stealth games such as hitman and dishonored). I am just obsessed with it and try to collect all the badges. Speedrun is so interesting and exciting. But you do need to have a good computer to play it or else you should change the resolution setting. Anyway, the gameplay is great."
76561198101728897,Recommended,418240,31007832,Posted: 7 April,all,MRKDP™ 凸(｀⌒´) 凸,Noburu is noob!! I let hayato-san do the work on the last stage! HAHAHA and he tried to kill himself but NO WAYYYYYYYYYYY!!!
,Recommended,418240,29427559,Posted: 22 January,all,6rd,"An instant favorite.  I hadn't heard anything about this game before I bought it on sale.  I installed it right away as I usually do and in the first minute of playing I was taken back to the original Commandos game I loved so much.  Only this game is far better in every way.  The story is great, the voice acting is amazing, the scenes are awesome, and you can tell they took their time to get everything just right.Amazing game.  I want more!"
76561198042152177,Recommended,418240,29401241,Posted: 21 January,all,taotetek,"This game is exceeding my expectations in every way. Fantastic gameplay, wonderful characters, great setting... I'm now going to binge out on Samurai movies and play this for the rest of the day. Any fan of tactics games, stealth games, or even the combat in Bioware style party RPGs like Baldurs Gate should find plenty to love here."
76561197961443238,Recommended,418240,29410007,Posted: 21 January,all,Zanmato,"Beautiful game, very challenging."
,Recommended,418240,29404318,Posted: 21 January,all,Rtype,"This game delivers for nostalgic old school tactical players, used for commandos long ago...This game contains great art, and enhanced mechanics like the ""shadow mode"" that allows players to perform simultaneous tasks with different characters. The story is intriguing enough to keep you captive but the characters are charming. A must play for tactical players."
,Recommended,418240,29408962,Posted: 21 January,all,l0calh05t,"I would highly recommend this game to anyone who liked Commandos. The gameplay is similar in concept while the setting is medieval Japan instead of World War II. Beautiful graphics, fitting soundtrack and interesting characters and levels."
,Recommended,418240,29319575,Posted: 17 January,all,Ex_mp4,"This game reminds me about commando,the different is this has good story and graphich but for the gameplay is a little punishing,sometimes on one level you could only use one tactictbut I still recommend to you if the game already on discount become 50%"
76561198169210556,Recommended,418240,29319593,Posted: 17 January,all,Sorry,"i never played Commandos before so i cant compare the different from 2 games.However, in the first time i saw a game playi start fall in love this game and no need to wait for buy it.After i played this game,i knew that i was right.Shadow tactic is steath-stategy games. Do not mind if u always save then load because this is the strong point of this game LMAO.You must learn the view point area of guards and try many times to avoid alarm.So for me this style of game play make me fall in love then my point is 9/10."
76561198108555543,Recommended,418240,29342973,Posted: 18 January,all,scytale,"Great game, just like Commandos, except in Japan with Ninjas and Samurai, buy extra content for maps ect"
,Recommended,418240,29351503,Posted: 18 January,all,TehSEAL,Holy ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥this game is awesome!
,Recommended,418240,29706978,Posted: 4 February,all,Powzar,"Awesome game. Can get quite challenging at times but there's always so many ways of tackling a difficult situation which keeps the game dynamic and fresh. There's high replayability due to the 'Badge' system which rewards you for completing the level within a certain amount of time or without killing any guards etc etc.Pricey game, but it will keep you entertained for a long time."
76561198038441026,Recommended,418240,29270298,Posted: 15 January,all,nurola,If you like Commandos you must play this game...I hope there is an expension pack on the way...
76561198013375367,Recommended,418240,31004961,Posted: 7 April,all,IpM,"Fantastic game, with great storyline, action and stealth. No pauses to give commands in this game FYI."
,Recommended,418240,32236966,Posted: 7 June,all,G_sh0ck,Fun stealthy puzzle solving game...with ninjas!
76561197994579616,Recommended,418240,32288187,Posted: 9 June,all,BloodWolf,Def want more of Ninja Commandos!
76561197962231481,Recommended,418240,32321132,Posted: 10 June,all,Peter[lu]stisch,"Just finished the game. Even though sometimes it was really hard, I just loved it! Great work!"
,Recommended,418240,32360455,Posted: 12 June,all,Chup,"This lovely masterpiece takes me way back to when I used to study enemy movements in Commandos, and restarting the game whenever the alarm is raised (even though I didn't have to).If you liked that game, you'll love this one!"
76561197972545451,Recommended,418240,32367132,Posted: 12 June,all,Vynticator,"Brilliant game. Stunning artwork, compelling storyline, wonderfully voiced characters with depth. You care about them. It matters how things go in the game, there is a special glee in finally cracking that puzzle and unravelling the netowrk of guards and netting the goal. Often, it involves creatively taking down a whole nest of bad guys, using traps and timing and teamwork. Loved it!"
76561197997599509,Recommended,418240,31076586,Posted: 11 April,all,uglyduckling81,The game's good.I'm not a completionist so I probably wouldn't go back and try for all the mini objectives.Despite that I am 15 hours in on the game and about 3/4 of the way through the missions. They get harder though and generally take longer as they go on.If you liked the Commandos series as I did you will enjoy this. It uses the same mould and improves upon it.
76561197990364932,Recommended,418240,32298751,Posted: 9 June,all,Thiagolinus,"Just finished the game! If you enjoyed Commandos, you'll like this one as well!"
76561198164692170,Recommended,418240,32293518,Posted: 9 June,all,Lord Flashheart,I friggin love this game.
76561197974215838,Recommended,418240,32804917,Posted: 26 June,all,HOW'DITGETBURND,Very positive review here for a game that does justice to the stealth and strategy genres.
,Recommended,418240,32818020,Posted: 26 June,all,Aeryith,"Love how hard this game is. If you're not used to this type of game, jump abord the Struggle Bus and buckle in, this will take a while. :)"
76561197961537219,Recommended,418240,32782869,Posted: 25 June,all,Grimnar,A fun and challenging game
76561198021501772,Recommended,418240,32855055,Posted: 27 June,all,thomasmarik9653,"This is a simple clean game, easy to play, yet hard to master. It requires thinking, bang bang shoot 'em won't work. It can be frustrating while you figure out how to do each mission. The only downside is that it takes a long time to load. I would recommend it to everyone."
,Recommended,418240,32864553,Posted: 27 June,all,I'm Batman,แนะนำถ้าชอบ Commandos
76561198159875905,Recommended,418240,32945123,Posted: 28 June,all,beechkilla,"This is the only strategy game I have played all my life other than Commandos, and it is amazing. Very simple to play yet challenging enough."
76561197970514293,Recommended,418240,32974565,Posted: 28 June,all,Herocydides,Really fun... and challenging.
,Recommended,418240,32978421,Posted: 29 June,all,Mrityu,"Brilliant Gameplay, engaging story."
,Recommended,418240,32931736,Posted: 28 June,all,Goiabano,"New Commandos, awesome stuff 9/10"
76561198105404731,Recommended,418240,33303180,Posted: 6 July,all,damiencoolhand,"Just the game you need to have in your library to have a good time, doing some shinobi missions.One of the best game in the infiltration style of ""Commando"".Loved it !"
,Recommended,418240,33305514,Posted: 6 July,all,Canman,"Awesome game. Levels feel truly open-ended, with multiple ways to accomplish objectives. Loved it from start to finish."
76561198048657463,Recommended,418240,33660964,Posted: 19 July,all,CuteSkull,"If you like stealth games, then this game is for you. this game provides a good mix between stealth (all missions) and strategy (especially later in the game). you will have to choose wisely on which enemy you will use your distracting skills, and which enemies you need to wait for them to go to a specific patrol position.overall 9/10.only reason i gave it 9 and not 10, is that sometimes, squad enemies become bugged if distracted by variety/multiple ways (one of the squad members will stop patrolling and the rest will move very slowely- happened once with me, only at last mission), which makes the mission easier. The other reason is that this game needs fast thinking/acting, which is a plus for some players but not for me. However, I find myself always capable to take another route to minimize the need for fast acting.Shadow mode does help sometimes but not when you need more than one action from a specific character.definitely recommend."
,Recommended,418240,33665066,Posted: 19 July,all,KEN,This game is LIT!!  It's just like Commandos in back in the day.
,Recommended,418240,32995110,Posted: 29 June,all,Mecha01,"Amazing title, my only gripe is hard save and be careful letting other people play this on youre account, it has 3 quick save slots that will disapear all that hard work as an fyi.that being said this is the best game stealth strategy title I have played since commandos 2."
,Recommended,418240,33813894,Posted: 26 July,all,P.I.M.P.,"One of the best hidden gems of 2016 year. Great gameplay that brings back Commando memories but not without new features. Pretty decent story. Good graphics. Looking forward for new games from this guys, they deserve to get some credit."
,Recommended,418240,33820377,Posted: 26 July,all,dreman,"Commandos but better in every way possible. Better characters, better abilities, better story, better UI, better game mechanics, etc. etc. If you liked Commandos, you should definitely try Shadow Tactics."
76561198120120855,Recommended,418240,33870035,Posted: 28 July,all,Aki秋,This is truly a Masterpiece .It have to be Saved every second you in the game .The loading really killed the joyment of the game but the gameplay made it up.
76561198058193462,Recommended,418240,33914433,Posted: 30 July,all,Joycemeister,If you are a fan of Commandos or just strategy games in general pick this up. Every level is expertly crafted and requires thought into every action I can't reccomend this game highly enough! There is alot of replay value going back and trying to get all of the badges on each level and then the acheivments are really diffcult for hardcore players.
,Recommended,418240,33943938,Posted: 1 August,all,Rajan,"Simply AWESOME !!!!!! For a long time I wanted a game like Commandos, this is the best answer to that. I you liked Commandos this one is for you."
,Recommended,418240,33956317,Posted: 1 August,all,KeonuReefs,"Highly recommend if you enjoy open RTT. Level design and character coordination is great, just be prepared to F5/F8 a lot; things hardly go as planned on the first try if you play fast."
,Recommended,418240,34066434,Posted: 6 August,all,Shebby,A great challenging stealth game but I feel like the game relies way too much on the quicksave & quickload feature. It completely ruins the immersion.This is a game made for true tacticians and quick thinkers
76561198327876524,Recommended,418240,34073171,Posted: 6 August,all,tll51284,"this game is the most fun i've had with a game recently, the stratigie involved is great and all the charectors have a role to help u through the situatuation, u have to use all of the charectors in order to compleit a misson and the process of compiting a mission is super fun."
76561197970621270,Recommended,418240,34055286,Posted: 6 August,all,Thedv8or,As good as old school commandos
,Recommended,418240,34015252,Posted: 4 August,all,ganjars1995,I WANT MORE LEVEL !!!!
76561198012877892,Recommended,418240,34072007,Posted: 6 August,all,Crazyoneeye,Finaly gave this game a chance and I was very suprised how much fun it is.
76561198092167765,Recommended,418240,34129814,Posted: 9 August,all,yoshiendover,"Wow this game will make you well frustrated but you will carry on my friends coz this game is amazing, beautiful and a challenge. There are many ways to complete levels and you be saving after every move coz you die loads. this was well worth the money and i'd recommend this game to anyone that loves gaming. This one of my best games that i've played in a long time. 5stars for me."
76561198026159005,Recommended,418240,34171079,Posted: 11 August,all,N19HT,DLC!DLC! lol man i remember commando was so fun and i was so bad. this game too now we need some dlc. other than sometimes pick-up deadbody is hard to click(maybe just me) plz dont change the game too much like commando 3......keep everyone's unique style.
76561198028201640,Recommended,418240,34168481,Posted: 11 August,all,Garrett,"A lot was already told here, I don't want to repeat. Nice game, was absolutely must play for me."
,Recommended,418240,34180239,Posted: 11 August,all,dareepa,Great game overall. Would definitely recommend for RTS fans.
76561197993551026,Recommended,418240,33962283,Posted: 1 August,all,That Asshole,"If you want a game that runs at 8 fps at the midway point, then this is for you.Google it, and you'll discover I'm not the only person with terrible gameplay issues. This game nails my CPU at 100% and is unplayable in the worst, chunky way.  I'll be looking for my money back on this one.UPDATE: I changed my mind.  I tweaked some settings on my Titan X Pascal, and turned down overclocking... It runs great after that, and I've really enjoyed the game so far.I'm running a 6700K, titan X Pascal, EVO M.2ssd, 16 gigs of ddr4 2666, on a gigabyte g7, all on water.  My computer should run the hell out of this game, and now it does, once I lowered my overclock setting.Two be clear, the first two levels ran great.. it was the third that was the turd.GOOGLE RESULTS WITH SOME ANSWERS:High CPU usage with Shadow Tactics Blades of Shogun - Reddithttps://www.reddit.com/r/.../high_cpu_usage_with_shadow_tactics_blades_of/Dec 31, 2016 - 4 posts - ‎3 authorsCan someone help me to understand what is going on and help me ... Also, you are playing on a laptop i5 CPU, which is considerably slower ...Ways can Help You Fix Shadow Tactics: Blades of the Shogun And ...game-optimizer.com/fix-shadow-tactics-blades-of-the-shogun-issues-and-optimize-sh...Sluggish gaming performance easily trigger some operating issue of Shadow Tactics: Blades of the Shogun, so, you should learn some tweaks to fix the slow ...Overheating? :: Shadow Tactics: Blades of the Shogun General ...https://steamcommunity.com/app/418240/discussions/0/1842367319519888950/Dec 12, 2016 - Keep in mind that typically games do not use 100% of CPU and 100% of GPU all the time. It also depends on the kind of calculation is being ...High (and very unusual) CPU usage :: Shadow Tactics: Blades of the ...https://steamcommunity.com/app/418240/discussions/0/152393186489799948/Dec 30, 2016 - Shadow Tactics: Blades of the Shogun ... and strangely I managed to go below 60% of CPU usage (with HIGH settings) in Windowed mode.High gpu temperature :: Shadow Tactics: Blades of the Shogun ...https://steamcommunity.com/app/418240/discussions/0/208684375431668635/Nov 22, 2016 - I have noticed playing the demo that my gpu temperature was eccessive. 60/65+ Celsius degrees whit an asus strix 1070. is very unusual for ...GPU Load is 100 % :: Shadow Tactics: Blades of the Shogun General ...https://steamcommunity.com/app/418240/discussions/0/152391285459421138/Dec 7, 2016 - Shadow Tactics: Blades of Shogun (GOG version) Recorded with AMD ... Driver: Crimson 16.12.1 ReLive CPU: AMD A10-7850K 4GHz GPU:.FPS Drops? :: Shadow Tactics: Blades of the Shogun General ...https://steamcommunity.com/app/418240/discussions/0/152391285461240997/Dec 7, 2016 - The GPU is running between 60-80% usage where my cpu is hovering between 60-70% usage. ... On high and med I get the same FPS drops."
,Recommended,418240,34214346,Posted: 13 August,all,ChinHo,It's pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥♥good.
76561198060891051,Recommended,418240,34208647,Posted: 13 August,all,Tappy,"A very interesting game with a vivid story, in-depth mechanics, and immersive atmosphere.  I must admit, this game was, at least for me, quite difficult,  however, that never detracted from the fun of the game.  If you are the type of person who is not okay with the idea of quicksaving and constantly reloading trying to approach specific scenarios in different ways over and over again, then this is not the game for you.  This is a game that requires a lot of patience.  If you're okay with that, then I think you're in for an enjoyable experience-- otherwise, look elsewhere.Though I would recommend this game, it is not without flaws.  The majority of the game was well designed and highly enjoyable, but I add this caveat: the last mission is very misleading, and in my experience, buggy.  Let me elaborate (MINOR SPOILERS):During the last mission, I began to experience problems with my saves no longer working, and the game eventually crashing, losing all the progress I had made on that mission over the course of about 2 hours.  This had never happened before, but fair warning.  Beyond that, the mechanics of the last mission itself are highly misleading.  The mission begins with your squad divided into two separate teams on opposite sides of the map (not unusual, this happens a few times throughout the game).  The objective is to reach a well, and to get the team to ""meet up.""  The problem is that the level is designed with 2 wells, each one nearer to one of the two squads than the other, so naturally, you are led to believe that your teams will approach both wells seperately.  Herein lies the problem-- the game prevents you from doing this.  After getting inside one well with one of my squads, I exhausted multiple resources with my second squad to get to the other well, only to realize that the game forbids this-- once one well is chosen, you are expected to converge all characters at that one well.  Attempting to get characters to enter the other well and have them meet in the middle will result in you characters refusing to enter the well.  My problem with this is that it is never stated that all the characters needed to meet at ONE well, and in every other instance in the game where your team starts out split up, achieving an objective with one squad does not lock out an objective for another squad.  I was so frustrated by this and all my progress being reset when the game crashed that I just watched the ending on YouTube.All this having been said, the game is still quite enjoyable.  If you've read this review and understand the problems with the last mission, you'll be able to avoid them.  In this case, I have no doubt you'll have a fine experience with the game."
76561197971064025,Recommended,418240,34055826,Posted: 6 August,all,rOmy,"Please buy Shadow Tactics, we need more from those developers."
76561198070746545,Recommended,418240,34163210,Posted: 11 August,all,Bill the Butcher,If you like stealth games like Commandos and the Feudal Japan setting you will love this.
76561197961228159,Recommended,418240,34205656,Posted: 12 August,all,Shalashaska,I love this game. I have never written a review befor but this game brings me back to Commandos. Everything about this game is fluid and flows just so greatly. As terrible as it sounds I am excited to play and pay for the DLC's
,Recommended,418240,34229833,Posted: 13 August,all,-NO.KILLERZ,"Beautiful, highly detailed levels. Challenging gameplay will keep you thrilled and busy. Too bad this game is not more widely known."
76561198054988389,Recommended,418240,34269532,Posted: 15 August,all,Froleev,"awesome game, badges are good ways to replay the level in different styles. All 5 characters have unique play styles and can be used for awesome execution. I play through all the lvls in 12 hrs, but still spent additional 50+hrs on this game b/c it's just so fun to enjoy and replay. oh did I mention the polishness of this game? Musics, Graphics, and the overall quality are just fantastic considering this is an indie developer. I would give 6 stars out of 5 for this game. 1 bonus star for praying for DLC/sequel"
76561197992229962,Recommended,418240,33877721,Posted: 29 July,all,Saija,Really was a fun and intense game!Thumbs up!
76561197973862220,Recommended,418240,34349547,Posted: 19 August,all,Wixy,"Great game. Took about 30-60 minutes to get into it and then became addicted. Whether you're a speed runner or just like to take your time - the game allows all different kinds of game styles. Loved opportunities to be either merciless or merciful depending on what mood I was in. Excellent mechanics, dialogue and a compelling story."
,Recommended,418240,34343447,Posted: 18 August,all,Skadoosh,Story! Graphics! So many ways to complete a single level. Go for it.
76561198046141240,Recommended,418240,34363328,Posted: 19 August,all,ejsmont.artur,Absolutely brilliant!
76561198043797356,Recommended,418240,34360576,Posted: 19 August,all,mistermurse,"Wonderful stealth tactics game. This game gets compared to Commandos a lot but having never played Commandos, I can only compare it to other stealth/tactical games and to me it feels like a miniature Hitman/Dishoned/Deus Ex. The game encourages experimentation and rewards patience. The characters are all extremely balanced and none of their skills are wasted. Each missions gives you a different set of characters to play with and figuring out how their skills compliment each other is part of the fun. I tried playing it with Japanese audio and English subs but there are NPC dialogues that are not subbed that help give clues. Because of this I switched to English, and I'm pleased with the English voice actors. The characters are all interesting and their witty banter is enjoyable. The level design is the star of the show imo. Beautifully cel shaded environments really bring this era of Japan to life. There are a plethora of ways to go about the mission and the levels really encourage exploration. Highly recommend this title for lovers of stealth and strategy games."
76561198061859479,Recommended,418240,34365279,Posted: 19 August,all,Summit Seeker,"I highly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys tactical challenges which have both a great depth and variety. The story is solid, and the graphics and level design are stunning. The controls may be a little tricky for some at the start but once you get the hang of em you'll be pulling off some seriously awesome moves. Give this game a chance you will not regret it!"
76561197972718105,Recommended,418240,34411999,Posted: 22 August,all,pinkGrendel,Believe what everyone else says about this game! It is a fantastic revisting to the pausable realtime tactics genre. I can't wait to the next release of shadow tactics series ( based on the lore/devteam I feel like it would be cyberpunk... which would be awesome).
76561198013686800,Recommended,418240,34415909,Posted: 22 August,all,godzritehand,Beautiful game.
76561198004856346,Recommended,418240,34405336,Posted: 21 August,all,Shadynasty,"Beautifully crafted game,if you love Commandos series buy this"
76561197979907069,Recommended,418240,34463533,Posted: 24 August,all,Hadoken,"Oh my god this game rocks. Hard, beautiful, music awesome. Nothing to ask more"
,Recommended,418240,34822153,Posted: 8 September,all,Sha|)ini0,"If Steam had it, I'd give this game a sideways thumb!It's no secret that this game builds on the forgotten genre that Commandos started almost 2 decades ago. And if you were a fan of that series, you will enjoy playing this one!...until, that is, you realize how many baffling design decisions the team made with regards to clunky controls and mechanics. Some issues might just be downright bugs, who knows! Most of the times, you are going to fail because the controls and mechanics did not serve you in the manner that you were taught earlier on. Fortunately, you can quick save to your heart's content, but every so often, you'll have a certain grand plan that you'd like to accomplish only to discover midway that you can't proceed anymore because one of the character's actions is not behaving in the way it should be.And in a game that requires split-second timing, these issues are going to make your experience absolutely miserable.Biggest annoyances I've found:-broken action queueing: you're character is just about to finish their killing animation, so you CTRL-CLICK to pick up the victim's body and then click on the nearest hiding spot. Your character ends up picking up the body, dropping it, then running off to the hiding spot. You either re-click everything and risk being discovered by the upcoming patrol, or your just quick load and repeat.-major inconsistencies when dropping bodies into water or off of cliffs: you will have to hunt for that one pixel to place your mouse over in order to accomplish those actions. Even the simple act of entering and exiting the water can be downright infuriating where your mouse shows you the water icon, you click, and your character ends up running in the complete opposite direction into the path of some guards! In one of the missions, you can dump bodies over one side of the ramparts only with no environmental explanation whatsoever. The designers just decided to cheaply enforce that rule in order to artificially make that action more difficult (coz dumping them to the inside of the walls would risk the body being seen by the patrols below). In other missions, it feels as if the level designers just forgot to tag certain stretches of land where you could dump bodies (water/cliffs) with no environmental explanation whatsoever (the rocks here are too high, or there's a railing on the balcony, or whatever...)-major issues with mouse hit detection specifically when you have mulitple possible actions that are quite nearby or actions that overlap based on the camera and perspective. Some actions had too big of a radius completely overriding the other options nearby (ie. grappling hook). After some time, it became quite obvious that the developers did not implement a prioritized list of actions based on any given situation (ie. picking up a dead body is a higher action than opening a door, for example). In the heat of the moment, you'd be attempting to execute some cool risky plan and it all goes out the window because of poor and shallow controls implementation.-your human characters need to be manually guided from area to area if those 2 areas are separated by a ladder or vine (or some sort of climbable element). Meanwhile, your pet (which you can use for distraction) is smart enough to navigate the entire map from end to end with one click.   ???!!    Inconsistent design is bad design.-view cone issues: when in the weaker part of the cone, you can safely crouch, move, and even drag bodies (with the female characters who drag the bodies low on the ground instead of lifting and walking with them). However, if you were to execute an aerial kill, land and kill your victim (where you're both low to the ground), and THEN some standing guard's vision swings by with the weaker cone on you, somehow, he will detect either you or the body and raise the alarm! WHY?! The weaker area of the cone does not detect crouched or dead bodies.....FULLSTOP!-your spy character will sometimes hold up guards (or even groups of guards) indefinitely. But sometimes, just to annoy you, she will cancel her action mid-plan, raise a big middle finger to you, and the guard's view swings away from her straight into your other comrades. Why? **** you, that's why! And no, those guards weren't special ""undistractable"" guards or anything.-unacceptable loading times! Seriously, The Witcher 3 didn't take that long to load their behemoth maps!...and many other small bugs and design inconsistencies that will unfortunately have you pulling your hair out. I feel that this game would have benefitted greatly from a more experienced design, programming, and QA team. I wish they'd open their game up for modding...Having said all that, I still enjoyed this game overall if at least for the fact that there aren't any other similar games out there. It has solid graphics, music, and voice acting. Even the story isn't half-bad!So I'm still recommending it as this is this dev team's first product and I feel that they've put out a gem of a game!"
76561198093400406,Recommended,418240,34822520,Posted: 8 September,all,Jakkals,"It is impossible to give this game a bad review. Shadow tactics is by far the most beautiful, challenging and entertaining stealth stagey game I have ever played. The sound scores are brilliant and so well timed, in game. The characters are incredible and you fall in love with all of them. How a rag tag team of ninjas and samurai can have a heartwarming effect is awesome. I am inspired to start modeling and designing low poly characters and hopefully bring to them life the way Mimimi has brought this game to life. I can’t see myself uninstalling this game soon."
,Recommended,418240,30181240,Posted: 25 February,all,Takua343,This is a game you owe it to yourself to play. Its a masterpiece
76561198051537793,Recommended,418240,32808074,Posted: 26 June,all,wolfir,"great gameThe first playthrough is really challaging even on easy, i like that.The story elements were short but nice to watch.After finishing the story i watched some speedruns of the missions and wondered how i could take hours to finish one mission wich is speedrun in a few minutes :).But its fun to complete the missions in your own way, even if it takes longer, because there are so many ways to go."
,Recommended,418240,34807586,Posted: 7 September,all,dren,"The best stealth game I've ever played, and one of the best games I've played period. Extremely compelling gameplay with a difficulty that I'd describe as respectfully challenging on Normal. The atmosphere is beautiful and the music even more so.Overall, this is an absolute must-buy for any fans of the stealth genre. For those who aren't sure, there's even a free demo on the right side of the Steam store page, which gives you access to the first two missions to decide for yourself."
76561197966919665,Recommended,418240,34852570,Posted: 9 September,all,APETIT,"Great game! crushed 7 people with a rock, 10/10 will crush again."
76561198027889836,Recommended,418240,34873693,Posted: 10 September,all,Jangles,"Lots of fun, challenging missions, great characters, solid gameplay mechanics.Very high replayability with its very tough optional objectives."
76561198048255627,Recommended,418240,34856011,Posted: 10 September,all,Bluedream,"single player games aint my thing. but i looked at it then saw it on tunami. and i was like ehh lemme loook at it again afte their review for it finally comming out on console. i can honestly say i've been enjoying myself every single minute that i wannnnna rip my hair out! its such a hard, enjoyable game. even having to redoing parts over and over again to try and figure out the puzzle( there is one other puzzle game i like, and that stands out in my book, ima fps kinda guy) this game is great i recomend it. for the money, nah it shouldn't be that much but i don't regret buyin int one bit, and i can say otherwise about alot of fps shooters i did buy!"
76561198067654272,Recommended,418240,34887970,Posted: 11 September,all,shlomodani054,"awesome game, you have to play it!!!"
,Recommended,418240,34845568,Posted: 9 September,all,drossato,This game saved my life. Let it save yours.
,Recommended,418240,34870922,Posted: 10 September,all,Death's Assassin,Don't have much to say but Fantastic Game!
76561198058638857,Recommended,418240,34872247,Posted: 10 September,all,pitsberg,"One of the best games I have played in a long time.  The stealth mechanics are great.  Each board offers some choice as to how you want to play - fast or slow, lethal or non-lethal.  Here's to hoping that we see a second one of these..."
,Recommended,418240,34884229,Posted: 11 September,all,gabrien.symons,Terrific tactical strategy! Huge replay value. I love frequent saves and optional save timer reminder. Engaging overarching story. Great voice acting. Wonderful score. Brilliant level design. Highly recommended if you love these things.
,Recommended,418240,28288848,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Thak,"I set the voice to Japanese, and make the ninja girl carry and drop dead bodies over and over."
76561197973197806,Recommended,418240,34662532,Posted: 1 September,all,BabyRage | Amit,"Best stealth game! Great story, great mechanics, and many hidden jokes/stuff to have fun with."
76561198351627539,Recommended,418240,35011679,Posted: 16 September,all,Lroen,不太会玩，总是过不了关，有时候重复一小时的动作。
76561197972740386,Recommended,418240,35039478,Posted: 17 September,all,JinX  ¬( ¯ - ¯ )⌐,"Great game for anyone not familiar to tactics games, like myself. Gameplay is strong with varied scenarios and many approaches to 'solve'. Some are real head-scratchers.I liked the cast of characters, their backstory, and their story together. Voice-acting/dub in Japanese available.Story started to grip me two or three chapters in.My main problem is the time sink. After a certain point, I just wanted to get the game part over and done with and get on with the story. One of the missions took me over 3 hours (I'm a noob, I know). Disclaimer, I've yet to complete the story. Time requirement is deterring/unappealing.Would still definitely recommend. Get it on a discount and during your vacation or something."
76561198008414638,Recommended,418240,35065568,Posted: 19 September,all,ricardo,"I love stealth games, and this one is the best I've played. Each character has strengths and weaknesses, and every mission has a particular lineup that presents it's own unique challenges as you play out a fun story. I am halfway through the game, and every minute so far has been enjoyable.  It's not often you see a flawless game design, but this is an example."
76561198107896640,Recommended,418240,35121276,Posted: 21 September,all,FalseShepard,"Pro:+ Great sound tracks+ Lovely art, making the games easy on the eyes+ Pretty well polished, finished the game without any bugs in the way+ Both k+m and controller work well, I played with controller+ Easily 30 hours if you don't rush it for heaven knows why+ Rewarding tactical experience+ Very high focus on steath element, brute force is never required for any difficulty levels+ Great level design+ Quick save/loading working as intended :PCons:- Music is great but a wee bit repetitive- Man I wish there are more levelsIn conclusion if you are interested in steath and tactics genre, this game is worth the price. I hope they plan to make more of this type of games."
76561197971774315,Recommended,418240,35136319,Posted: 22 September,all,hannes,"Very well made game. Beautiful art style, good story and atmoshpheric music. The gameplay reminded me off the old commandos games which i loved. Recommended!"
76561198287276228,Recommended,418240,35402911,Posted: 1 October,all,5k Pinakamalas,Sheer AWSOME ! 10/10
,Recommended,418240,35386094,Posted: 1 October,all,jor,"really love this game, though the only tactic i know is to thinner the enemy defense layer by layer, which takes ~ 2 times normal play time"
,Recommended,418240,35470168,Posted: 4 October,all,Vin,"Tons of fun!I loved Commandos IIand without copying much, this game creates the feeling of this kind of game and an intese atmosphere incredibly well.Played 3 hrs now. Will binge it to the end for sure."
,Recommended,418240,35381535,Posted: 1 October,all,sqtl,"""omg I forgot to save"" Simulator"
76561198058533821,Recommended,418240,35484796,Posted: 4 October,all,Yeazzal,This is an awesome game! Hours of entertainment! I think it'd be awesome if they added a level creator to the game- (One where you don't have to use some kind of mod program because those are hard to figure out.) I would buy this game for everyone I knew if it had a level creator on it.
76561198073121774,Recommended,418240,35487083,Posted: 4 October,all,Bohrito,"Bought this game due to the diorama like presentation and got much more. Not the most original story out there but it was very engaging. Gameplay was very good, makes you think every move you make. The Graphics goes really well with the Gameplay. Well worth the purchase"
