user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198014584633,Recommended,418250,22010293,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Sesikee,"Lets get to it.Pro:A.I. (Articial Intelligence)- I cannot emphasis or stress enough of how extremely good the A.I. is. It's probably one of the most advanced one I've seen in a 4x game genre. I absolutely love how it handles playing against me and handling my orders for planets, colonization, and etc (without the need to micromanage everything). Again, the A.I. in this game is just so good that it cannot be expressed sufficiently of how good it is. Even the developer of this game admits that hard is very tough for him.Automating- This relates to the A.I. but one significant difference. I love the fact that I can explore the galaxy and leave behind orders to colonize it and what kind of focus I would want on the colony. I checked on their build orders and made sure it fit. I have to say that I don't think I can do it any better than the A.I. except on my core worlds, which I micro-manage personally as it's the engine to my war machines. :) With this ability, I was able to colonize very efficiently and quickly without having to waste hours on fine-tuning it.Resource Management/Economy- I absolutely love the fact that credits were completely eliminated and it only boils down to about 8 resources needed (I think I counted right). What's really nice about this is that you know which kind of planets you need to get specific type of resources. Some resources are very rare but for a good reason as they are access to very powerful technologies. Along with resource management, they are used as upkeep for your fleets as well. I think the developer has done an excellent job in balancing the resource consumption vs resource generation that every decision you make really counts.The other thing to note is population. The way the developer has set it up is to make the population really count. This reminds me of the game Imperium Galactica II, where population was something to watch as you would put them to work. The same concept works here. You can build something (don't have to worry about placing it) then have the population grow to work on it. There is a limit of how many buildings you can place and it shows you in the planetary screen. The A.I. does a beautiful job in helping you to get the population necessary to work in the buildings you want. Again, this relates to grand strategy.Science & Technologies- I'm used to a linear path for technologies. However, this is an extremely refreshing take on gaining technologies. Instead of just building labs and generating more points to research faster to obtain technologies faster, the developer took an different approach, which I truly think mirrors how this world works. You have two path, which is fundamental and applied . Fundmental allows you to open up other branches of science to gain more exotic technologies (I.E. Antimatter). Applied gives you the actual technologies to use. It makes a lot of sense and I love it. You can control the direction of how you want your research to go by setting priorities, which speeds up your ability to obtain the specific technologies you want.I think this approach is far better for an 4x game.Customization- The ability to customize your ship is fairly common but for this specific game, they added something that I immensely enjoyed, multiple layers of the ships. If I wanted to create an spy ship, I'll use a freighter that has three layers to it. Oh, the options I could have is immense, especially when you get all the technologies. I like the fact that you have to be decisive on what kind of ship you want and you have to make sacrifices to decide what that ship will specialize in. You can't have one ship that does everything. You actually need different ship designs for specific role. I think the developer has nailed this perfectly.Random Events- I have to say when I was playing on normal, I really had to slug it out with the pirates at the beginning of the game. The pirates would take advantage of you and if they got you in a position of weakness, they'd open an dialogue and ask you for 10% payment of resources ""to protect you"" and stop their attacks. It was a really cool thing to see that. However, it didn't just stop there but there were external threats that really shook up the game and it took every ounce of my abilities to beat it back (this was just on normal!!). However, it was rewarding to finally defeat it although I admit that that the ending was a little anti-climatic but the fight to get there was epic.To put it in perspective, I had over 350 planets colonized and only four of them were my major shipyards. The external threat took out three of them and I only had one ship yard building my massive warships but it takes about 18 years per warship. I was forced to retool some of my planets to industralization to try to produce more warship, which caused problems with food resources and among others. It made me sweat but this is the kind of game that has me playing for 10 hours straight, just trying to beat it back.Good job on keep me on my toes, even late game isn't a guaranteed that you'll win.Tactical Combat- In my humble opinion, I think this game has took what Master of Orion 2 had and improved on it. The amount of control that we have in tactical combat is unbelievable and the A.I. kicks butt in helping you to manage it. I love the fact that I can control time (speeding it up or slowing it down). Even if I made the speed too high and didn't pause it in time, the A.I. does it for you and puts it in slow-motion so you can still have time to issue orders. Absolutely one of the best feature I've seen.Even better, I can quickly sort out my ships and put them in groups then control them based on that or select all fights or capital ships. The developer has made it really easy for you to manage your fleets in tactical combat.Con: :Diplomacy- To the developer's credit, the diplomacy is actually pretty good for a game like this. I was actually impressed with the options available for dialogue. You can convince the AI to enter in treaties with you, such as economic, scientific, open borders, and etc.However, what frustrated me was that I was unable to ascertain how benetifical these treaties were to me. For example, I get an economic treaty but I have no indication of how much this helps me in my resources or such. I tried hovering over the treaty to get a tooltip information but nothing. I checked in my resources to see if it shows up as additional or not but I couldn't see a difference. I canceled it then recorded the number then re-instated the treaty and the numbers didn't change after 10 years. It was the same for scientific treaties, I couldn't ascertain the benefit either.Even more frustrating was the inability to see what causes their attitudes to change. I had one A.I. that had negative attitude all the way but no reason why. I couldn't tell and I tried tooltips and etc, nothing.Graphic- To be fair, it's pretty good for a one-developer show but I like aesthestic but I don't give it my full weight in negative.After playing three games, one on easy then two on normal. I'm too afraid to try hard yet because the AI is incredibly good, even on normal. Easy, it was a little work but easy. I don't think I've seen a game where the AI in every aspect is excellent. To put it bluntly, this is probably one of the best 4x game I've played in an extremely long time.When I was playing this, I was reminded of the game Sins of the Solar Empire because it dealt in resources (also credit but not in this game). I really liked how the game focused on allowing you to employ your grand strategies while enjoying some tactical combat.Overall, I highly, highly, highly recommend this game for your 4x game fix. :)"
76561198031344794,Recommended,418250,21999381,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Icemania,"I had the fortune to play the Beta before release and have been pleasantly surprised after initially being unaware of the game. I’m now totally hooked on Polaris Sector to the point that I would rate this game more highly than any Space 4X release in the last 12 months, including Galactic Civilizations 3 and Stardrive 2.Here are the top reasons why:1. There is a competent AI which is impressive for a new release. The AI builds decent colonies and uses well designed ships. If you are too aggressive too early an invasion will often falter and you have to think about what you are building against the AI and how to best deploy them in combat.2. The game is well balanced and avoids out of control exploitation. For example, you can't build early game unbeatable doom fleets, you don't find huge amounts of weapons late game that are worthless and so on.3. The colony governors are really good. I don’t feel the need to excessively micromanage colonies which vastly reduces the tedium mid to late game. In fact the game shines mid to late for various reasons including the ability to significantly speed up the game.4. There is a surprising amount of content for a new release. The game includes an end game threat that had me starting at the screen with my mouth open in shock (noting that I consider the Shakturi in Distant Worlds to be total wimps), a novel ship based espionage system and a good ship design system where component selection matters in-game.5. There are some really cool Spiral galaxy maps to play which can make the game really interesting strategically. For example you might start in an outer ring and find yourself blocked by other races from accessing inner rings or the core without using star tunnels and tankers to provide enough range for early to mid-game fleets.6. During the beta I have had no crashes at all and just a couple of bugs which the developer promptly responded to.Some cautions to consider:1. It’s primarily a war game and although there is some variety in the domination victories (e.g. technology), there aren’t a wide variety of victory conditions.2. The innovative research is great but it takes a game or two to really get used to it so some patience is recommended.3. There is some exploration but it could use more events and anomalies to spice it up.4. The combat is fun and tactical but isn’t as pretty as some other games.5. A Battle Arena to test designs would have been great but unfortunately not in the game.6. The tutorials are very limited so checking some Youtube videos might help."
,Recommended,418250,22352359,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Sporkmonger,"I have mixed feelings.I think this game probably has the best tech tree of any 4X game ever and that's saying something. The tech tree is original, fun, allows for rapid adaptation of strategy, but really, most importantly, it shows us something new that we haven't really seen before in the increasingly tired and already-done-before 4X genre by splitting fundamental and applied sciences and allowing research focusing w/ priorization. True game design innovations don't really happen that often, but this game genuinely has one in its tech tree.Other people have criticized the game's tendency to go ""on the rails"" (i.e. the game plays itself), and I don't agree. I played in a galaxy w/ 800 stars and if you don't have macroeconomic automation, that just gets tedious. And most of the automation is around invasion and colonization, which are things I *really* don't want to micromanage. But if you do, the game absolutely lets you. The automated construction of planetary buildings seemed totally fine to me because most planets can only get a very limited subset of buildings anyway and if you wanted to micro it without going nuts, you could use build queue templates to do that. I personally found myself wishing the automation was even more automated than it is. One thing that kept cropping up for me was that some planets would max population and all population would be completely allocated. Only unallocated population can be used to colonize a planet and the automated colony ships would queue up at fully allocated planets, waiting for 1000 population to free up when that was impossible instead of just going to a planet where it was actually possible for population growth to happen. That forced me to micro a bit to unblock my expansion and by late game, that was pretty unwelcome. That said, the population growth mechanics in general just seemed really artificial and strange.Fleet combat is OK. Not great, not bad, just OK. I'd have liked to see more utility modules that give more variation in strategy. Weapon variety starts to fall over near the end of the game where high damage torpedoes become increasingly critical and alpha damage starts being more important than anything else. Basically I think fleet combat in general needs more variety and balance tweaks. Shields should recharge much more quickly, kiting should be a more viable strategy, utility modules should get more emphasis, broadside combat should get more emphasis for capital ships (i.e. put all the big hardpoints on broadsides, small turrets only for 360). There should be utilities that can only be placed on smaller and medium ships to force fleet variety instead of the usual 4X late game battleships-only BS.Espionage system is utterly useless and feels like it was tacked on as an afterthought. Diplomacy system is better than average, though I felt like AI was perhaps a little too aggressive diplomatically speaking on Normal and Hard difficulties.But I think the biggest complaint I have is the end game. I won't spoil it for you, but due to what I believe is a known bug, the win condition can become completely impossible because certain enemies have unbounded growth. That said, as I was getting to late game and essentially steam rolling everything in sight and thinking, ""Man, game got too easy all of a sudden"", the game flipped things around and made things much more challenging.I have very mixed feelings though on the end game. It's sort of the opposite of deus ex machina. Out of nowhere, with no prior warning, you essentially get a boss fight that you likely were not preparing for. At least in MOO, you know the Orions are a thing and you probably have to fight them at some point. In Polaris, poof, Big Bad, and now things are going horribly wrong. There's no strategy you just have to research stuff fast enough and then build up a big fleet before the Big Bad gets too big. If they get too big, welp, too bad, you lose. Or rather you don't lose but you can't win. And that sucks.Should you buy it? Depends on if you can stomach the current just-shy-of-AAA price tag. I think it's a good 4X game with by far the best tech tree of any 4X, but it's crippled by a bad end game and inconstent AI that's either way too hard or way too easy and uninspiring fleet combat. Overall, I liked it. I got a good 30+ hours out of it over a couple games. I think the endgame badly needs a patch. I think the rest of my criticism needs a sequel. I don't think this will end up being a game that I drop 100+ hours on though, and that's usually the point where I feel $40+ is justified.Depending on what the modding community releases though, I could definitely see myself revisiting the title and getting my full $40's worth."
76561198005215786,Recommended,418250,22039614,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,WollieG,"Edit: It appears this game is abandoned now, no updates or anything for almost a year now.Do not buy at the moment unless further development.My review is still barely positive but do not buy yet unless further work is done.Its not good and its not bad as well, what irritates me is the major micro management, like when you have carriers and fighters are destroyed, it just does not refill them by itself, you first have to go to a planet, build them again manually, load them manually into carrier hangar, that is a bit tedious. The other thing is when fighters missiles is finished in a battle, you have to tell them manually to go and refill, first land them, then launch them again, no auto refill.The ship design is ok, i like it but still LOVE Star Drive 1 ship design.At this moment for me the best game still is Distant Worlds Universe. I just love the scale and the private sector system. Only drawback, you cannot terraform and ship design is a bit tedious or crap way. If it had like Star Drive 1 ship design then the game would have been complete.I find the AI in Polaris Sector not so good when it comes to politics. I have tried several games now and its basically, give me this planet or these resources and if you say no its war. The AI declares war very quickly, basically like Star Drive 2. So the politics not so good in Polaris Sector.At this moment i will give it a YES but just barely made me choose YES. I will revise after playing some more."
76561198007335453,Not Recommended,418250,32411735,Posted: 14 June,all,Kumorigachi,"So , with what i've played so far this is my personal opinon.The game isn't bad. though as some other reviews have said there are definitely other games out there.the tech tree is okay as a novelty but it doesn't really have much in the way of ""random"" breakthroughs. it tells you exactly how long the tech will take to research and it shows it for all techs based on current amount of generated research points.the ship design is kinda lack luster. You have color coded slots where you can put things some things can go in a different colour coded slot but not all things.the ships are pretty much all locked in their appearance you don't really get much ability to change how they look.the race customization is minimal increase/decrease what your selected race is, or isn't good at. to do this you get a set number of race points adding a benefit takes them adding a penalty increases them. but in my opinon they don't matter and every race gets the exact same list of traits.and racial points. which isn't inherently a bad thing but aside from their lore and racial history/descriptions which are quite long. theres nothing that seperates them as different races outside of appearance which i find to be lame.the game plays like some of the more popular 4x games from the late 90s early 2,000s . the graphics are much the same.  the combat while offering a little freedom..suffers from the fact that its extremely slow paced atleast in the early stages. and no matter how far away you move your ships using the slight difference in speed..which is extremely slight..and so slow early on that it can be quite difficult to tell if your ""big"" ships are moving. the ships explosions , and damages to the ships aren't very detailed each ship/fighter gets a health bar once its depleted boom. but the ships fight at full strength till they explode. theres no component damaging , nothing to overly really draw in the more action oriented gamers.(edit i forgot to finish my initial thought which is ships will retreat directly through the enemy even if you give them speed to move fast enough in the opposite direction to get away. which means your ships will attempt to fly through over whelming fire power to escape being destroyed..even when they don't have to.)there aren't many story/plotlines that i seen there are some hidden things to 'explore'  like the troupe of searching asteroid, or debris fields an finding a bonus to tech, resources, or ships.I didn't have any bugs , or glitches in what i've played so far so the game seems quite stable. but for what it offers. it is not imo. worth 40$ so if you are thinking of getting it i would highly recommend waiting for a sale.Personally though with all the games currently on the market i wouldn't recommend this one. because for a game released in 2016 ,  and i know that 4x games are kind of a small portion of the market but they still should be made in as much quality as they can.the only thing that really stood out and appealed to me was the diplomacy which was quite wordy and had a lot of things you could 'say' to the other races. however the diplomacy is also kinda lacking because for all the words. its just the same bare bones diplomacy found in a lot of 4x games which saddens me. i like being the galactic empire who plays peace keeper and brow beats everyone through dipomacy this unfortunately doesn't really allow that.there is also no indication of people 'living' in the empire aside from the population numbers an the occassional ""invasion risk"" happiness modifer that pops up when your planet lacks ground forces to protect them no matter how powerful the space forces protecting them are. they still complain about not feeling secure without ground troops.also not really a game breaker or relavent to most. the game also doesn't give you the filling of running an empire. a lot of it is tedious and one thing that stood out to me was that the populations of planets for 'space' empires was quite small starting as the humans the population of earth was labelled as 110,000 and each colony ship only transported a thousand people each which from a realism stand point is a little on the silly side.I won't tell you whether you should buy it or not we all have our own personal tastes but if your looking for a game that has detailed diplomacy that makes you feel like your interactions matter this isn't really for you. if you're looking for epic space battles i don't think this has them either there just isn't enough detail in the battles to make them fun . if you're looking for a game with a decent amount of micromanagement, or macromanagement i don't feel either of those are added in a way that is 'fun.theres no way to simplify some of the tedious aspects such as producing fighters for carriers you have to manually load groups of fighters to the carrier. instead of simply ordering the fighters to be built specifically for the carriers so that you can save a bit of time.its a nice game and if this were 2000-2003 i would highly recommend it but for 2016-2017 its lack luster.but if you're looking for something thats kinda old school but is actually playable on modern systems then you might enjoy it."
76561198001277135,Recommended,418250,22203625,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Spleenslitta,This 4X game may not have that much graphics. But it makes up for it with these things.- Formidable AI that can ruthlessly crush you if you turn the difficulty up.- Research system is different from other 4X games in a good way.- Ship designing is fun.- Good challenging tactical combat. A thinkers game not only strategicly but tacticly as well.- Unusual spy system. You build stealth ships that spy instead of sending agents.The only thing i could wish for is---The techtree has about average numbers of tech but there is room for more tech. But that's a common thing we always wish for in 4X games.-No characters such as governors or fleet commanders.-No campaign but that part is kinda expected of a 4X game.It has room to grow but overall it's a good game that's worth the money if you need a braintwister game right now.
76561198007033308,Recommended,418250,25293541,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,sandman2575,"Very much worth picking up for fans of space 4x. PS doesn't do anything revolutionary, but it is compelling throughout. I'm a huge Paradox fan and have been for years, but I keep choosing to play Polaris Sector over Stellaris. Especially if you care about designing ships and ship combat tactics, PS is clearly superior to Stellaris where those criteria are concerned.A good 'middle ground' space 4x.  Deeper than Master of Orion or StarDrive. Not as overwhelming as Distant Worlds."
76561197976327138,Recommended,418250,22074523,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,becephalus,"I really liked this 4X.  I am a big fan of the genre and I found the economic system refreshing, the research system different enough to be interesting, and the ship design mechanics solid.  The interface is good but not great, and the graphics are fine but nothing to write home about.I found the audio elements adequate as well.  The game works very well with almost no bugs in several campaigns.  A it of a steep learning curve with many game elements that are difficult to understand really only clear from practical experience and not covered clearly in the manual.Playing on normal is perhaps too easy, but hard provides a very difficult and interesting game.I would give it very high marks and think it is a surprise gem."
,Recommended,418250,21986149,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,CrazyKristi,"TL;DRPros:Relatively bugfree, easy to grasp mechanics, doesn't fling spreadsheets in your face at every occasion, easy to use UI, plays relatively fast.Cons:May be too simple for 4X vets.Verdict:For newcomers to the 4X genre I can give a strong recommendation. For most veterans though, this game may be too simple and I would strongly recommend you to take a look at Distant Worlds Universe.Having played quite a bit of the old Alpha version of this game which used to be available on IndieDB, I think I can write a somewhat informed review of this game.First of all, this game can be classified as a Realtime Pausable 4X game. It has all those elements into it. Diplomacy, exploration, conquest, empire building, etc.The game clearly takes on a bit of a lighter footing than most 4X games. It will not shove massive spread-sheet like ui's in your face. It will not have a cumbersome UI which hampers your ability to play. As an added bonus, it has some decent automation features which allow you to focus on what's fun.You start off with a basic homeplanet, low level technology and a single scoutship. Nothing weird or unusual here. Travel is done through starlanes (consumes fuel, non-instantaneous) or wormholes (occur randomly, instantaneous, don't cost fuel, unpredictable). The systems you will encounter contain several planets, each planet having a planet type and a size. The planet type will enable or disable various buildings, and modify production rates of items and resources. The size mostly dictates construction space available on the planet.Colonization can be micro'd, but you can also just let the ai find a suitable place to build a colony ship and send it over, just by tapping a single buttom on the ui. This is one of the neat automation features which I like.Resource management and economy is fairly simple, and will not bury you in spreadsheets. There's just a handful of resources, enough to fit in a small area on your screen. Resource management basically comes down to making sure you don't run out, and this comes down to setting up the right mining facilities on the planets containing these resources. Or you can just let the AI handle this by designating a planet as a mining colony. Nothing really fancy or unique there, except for the total absense of money as far as I could see (which seems logical to me in a space game actually, as USD would have little value to the Gavakens or so).Research I find neatly done. Instead of picking a single technology to research, you allocate science points to different areas, and can split these between theoretical and applied sciences. I find this system neat because it offers a more logical and natural path of developing technology, compared to picking a single technology at a time.Ship designing is in my opinion most comparable to stardrive's. You've got space on the hull where you can place modules on. Some will only allow weapons, others might only allow engines, etc. You won't place armor though, or power conduits. It just is the engines, power generators, weapons, shielding, support equipment (fuel tanks, cargo modules, troop drop pods, refueling modules, fuel generators, etc). The system is very straightforward and simple.Combat is either auto resolved or fought manually. Battles are fairly simple realtime battles where you can order your ships around. To be honest I don't find much interesting of note in this, except for that it is simple, straightforward and it works well.In terms of bugs, I did not find any so far. Even in its Alpha state it was relatively bugfree (although content and gameplay systems were mostly lacking back then). So not much else to say there.Compared to the Alpha, this version feels way more enjoyable to play and better fleshed out. While this game is a bit too simple for myself, I do have a good general impression of it."
76561198040277969,Not Recommended,418250,23711105,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Marduk,"Almost all of the reviews, both good and bad, are lies. This game in its current state is a disaster. The base code is a mismash of a bunch of much better games spackled together poorly and with bad graphics. Anything you might like about this game comes from nostalgia for other games you already own anyway. The ship building is a crappier version of StarDrive, the races are not quite stolen from Master of Orion, the planetary interaction is identical to every other space 4X ever made except that it's poorly balanced and not at all thought out, the space combat is a dumbed down version of Sword of the Stars, but the most inane thing about the game is easily the ""tech tree"" which is not a tree at all and for some reason requires you to spend almost a thousand years (equivalent of about 150 turns in MoO) developing hydroponic farming even though you've already invented interstellar travel. The AI is omniscient (read: terrible) and the political system has a lot of options that the AI goes for exactly 0% of the time. It's always war... even the peace-loving nerdy koala bears instantly declare war and deny all economic alliances no matter what you do.This game isn't just garbage, it's the same garbage we've had for twenty five years and for less than half of this ridiculous price.Steam has denied me a refund because I spent 4.4 hours trying desperately to figure out why this game is supposedly worth $40 and they now refuse to return any game that you've played longer than 2 hours... you won't even get through the damn unit production and maneuvering tutorial in 2 hours. Don't waste your money.Yes, I'm salty right now... I just flushed $40 down the toilet that I could have used to support TWO developers who are making games worth playing, but instead I'm stuck with this steaming heap of poo that I will never play again.NOTE TO THE DEVELOPER: Convince Steam to give me a wallet refund and I will happily delete this review and never look back, because at the very least you'll have proven to me that you're not actually a thief. As it stands now, I'm pretty sure you're just a thief."
76561197971286991,Recommended,418250,22042369,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Naselus,"Excellent game. Polaris Sector really stands out from the current crop of 4X games through a combination of tight balance and strong AI, leading to a genuinely challenging and interesting experience. Casual players may be a little turned off by the difficulty and non-flashy graphics, but any serious fan of 4X or Grand Strategy games really ought to have this game on their shelf.Pros:* Innovative and well-balanced mechanics* Excellent strategic AI that will slaughter you on your first couple of playthroughs* Automation done right - you can trust the governor AI to do a good job, but can always intervene and overrule it* Spying in particular is a very cool and original conceptCons:* Combat AI fairly average* Not always intuitive* Graphics are OK, but not top-notch - if you really think that's important in a game where you're staring at a map for 99% of your time* difficulty may be intimidating for non-hardcore players"
76561198031410927,Recommended,418250,25319144,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Jase,"Initially posted a neg review because there is a lot going on here and the game seemed a bit scattered.  I went back to it and gave another chance and Polaris has turned me around.  Yes the graphics and music are indie level but the playability is great, especially once you take some time to get to know it.  The AI and economics are both pretty solid, tech tree is rich, and it's one of the few 4x with both a strategy and tactical component to it.  Go nuts"
76561198106013105,Recommended,418250,25734441,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Galactic Origins,"Polaris Sector is an excellent Space 4X game. It is now one of my favorite games to play.It can be a long game. There are different speed setngs for the stratgic gameplay. Star travel is by star lanes.The economy system is easy and fun to use. Building the econonmy up is very important if a large Space Fleet is desired. Builidngs are not placed on a planet map like in more recent space games. Instead buildings are ordered to be constructed. Factories, Orbital Shipyards, Farms and Research Centers make up the bulk of the economical buildings. There are also Mines for the 5 startegic resources. ( I call them gold, blue, metal, organics and red but they all have names.)Research is, of course, very important as new items are very nice for your ships and colonies. The research system is 3-tiered with Fundamental Sciences (Biology, Chemistry, Mathematics and Physics). These unlock Applied Sciences of when there are quite a few. The items are then unlocked after researching the appropriate applies science or sciences. It is also possible to prioritize research and zoom ahead.Grabbing many decent worlds and getting a large chunk of territory is very important in the early game. Expansion is key to winning later. Terrestrial worlds such as Earthlike and Ocean may be colonized right from the start. Sending out scout ships to locate these worlds is fun and easy.I like the ship design system. I have played several of the races and each species has their own unique version of the basic designs. This is neat as there are differences for the internal space of each ship. You then place ship components in the interior and build your design. It is not hard and is fun. It is possible to have many different designs per hull type. And they can be upgraded, as well.Space combat can be autoresolved or fought in real time. In real time it is pausable and has different speeds. Players have full control over their space fleets in real time, moving ships and selecting targets. Range is important!* There are 6 different land combat units. The land combat is nice. I forgot to mention this so this is an edit. *The AI is decent. Easy mode the AI is very weak but going through the tech tree mostly helps for the other difficulties. Normal mode is fun.Diplomacy is decent. It is possible to stop other species at war. I like how some of the races respond in diplomacy.The graphics are good. In combat, the ships look much better than on the strategic screen. The music is alright.Overall I really like Polaris Sector. I do hope there is a sequel. This is a very fun game."
76561198026392825,Not Recommended,418250,23014076,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Illithar,"Ok I wanted to like this and I played quite a few hours and did get entertainment out of it but I figured initially you have to play a bit to figure out there is a great game underneath.I like the combat and the naval feel in principle - staring at tiny animations is a bit much - but its just isn't balancd or that fun to keep playing. Its becoems an excercise in strategic micromanagement and tactical space battle frustration.So even early game everyoen seems ot be abale to pack way more fighters onto their carrier ships than you and also the fuel restrictions you are under don't seem to apply. Its  a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to micromanage ferrying fighters and troops on transports to the fight.There may be some later game tech to help deal with the fighter rush but the tech tree, well it's an abomination of a tech management system and its obscure with a slider for practical and theoretical research. So even winning some battles ussing the limited tactical options is marred by constant loss and replacement of the fighters.Diplomacay is well, mostly uselss.There are the bones of a good game here, ship design should and could have been fun. But its kinda pointless as it coems down to the AI swarming you with hordes of tiny ships.Its a game of micromanagement -  its too much work for too little reward - where atre teh good 4Xs we should have, I've never played a better game in this genre than Imperium Galactica II and that was released in 1999"
76561197971139101,Recommended,418250,22039354,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,corriscant,"Great Game. It seams, it have soul.The game about tactic and stategy then micromanagement.Comfort GUI,Comfort Graphics,VERY comfort Ai support to your ruling of galaxy.Comfort studing of game.Comfort Timeflow. It looks like Turn based where turns have different length. It is realtime (x1, x2, x6...), but it will pause as soon as something happend. Your fleet arrived, enemy spotted and so on. So even harcore turn based fans will be satisfied. ""Space"" button - will be you favorite to run time again (Next turn).Very well balanced ship designes. Always have to choose Speed/Fuel capacity/Firepower. An then I open I can do Fuel tankers to refuel combat ships on my way to enemy. And even fuel production ship.Stations and fighters can be disassamble then embark to cargo ships and assamble again where you need it.So I designed Cargo Container ships for me :).After first battle vs fighters I learned I need AA-Corvettes with scaners onboard. so that was new task for ship design.You don't need to know each resource use at the begining. You will learn when time come. (Plutonium... had to buy it from my trade partners a lot).You don't need to manage each building. You can, but if you want to play Strategy (as I did) just don't pay attention to buildings at start of the game. AI will do the best of choosen building policy. I saw similar way of planet buildings in Pax Imperia long ago.Later on game you will learn what building you need and why. (Orbital shipyards for ship building/ repair, for example)To many Research to choose from? Don't choose yet, play the game. Game will do it for you. And again, later you will understand what exactly you need when time come.Well, I still learning the game. But it's really fresh water drink for thirsty man in desert.Best space strategy for the last ... don't know 10 years? ( Sword of the stars 2 is too buggy, unfinished and complex GUI, other games released at this period didn't touch me even close to this. Soul was no found. )  I am fan of Imperium Galactica 2, Pax Imperia, Master of Orion 1,2."
76561198004628852,Recommended,418250,22076971,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,W8taminute,"Polaris Sector is a space 4x game that I have been looking for in a long while.  Other games held my interest for a while but ultimately fell flat as I got bored with them.  Either those games were overly complex or too simple.  Polaris Sector seems to offer happy medium.  I've only played 5 hours at the time of this writing however this game is very addictive and is not too hard nor too easy.  There is a lot of depth in research, combat, production, ship design, etc.  I could go on but I'll save the details for when I have some more time under my belt.In short, I would take the negative reviews with some doubt.  I'm not sure why those reviewers hate on the game.  I'm a fairly critical individual but I'm having a hard time finding any faults with this game.Update (3.Apr 2016):  27 hours in at time of this writing.I have to say I still think this is a great game for the 4x space genre.  My first game as the humans ended in disaster and it wasn't because I lost to overwhelming firepower or spam fleets of doom.  It was because I overlooked the dangers of espionage and had no way to stop the enemy from sabotaging my mining.  The end result was that I quickly ran out of a key mineral type needed to sustain and build a fleet.  My ships wasted away because they no longer had access to the mineral they needed to keep the ships 'afloat'.  I was impressed and have started a new game as the Logans with this lesson learned.The research system is presentented in a refreshingly unique way.  It has been lauded by some and criticized by others.  If one takes the time to understand how the system works they will find that it's much more thought provoking than a typical static tech tree found in many strategy games.Ship design is a joy and is not a tedious chore.  The design system focuses only on the interesting aspects of ship design and abstracts the mundane such as life support, bridge room, etc.  Those components are assumed to be part of every ship and there is no need for the player to find precious space to install those pieces.  Instead the player is going to be faced with many interesting decisions about what components is needed for the ship in question.  The many possible combinations all layed out in a fairly easy to follwo format are impressive.  Ship design is almost a game within a game as you constantly need to assess problems in the galaxy and how to deal with them via a specific ship type.I experienced no mid or late game tedium.  There is always something to do in this game.  There is no busy work or mandatory tasks that must be performed manually that you find in many other games.  The ai does a good job managing your planets for you if you decide you don't want to micromanage them.  I like how you can also plan colonization automatically and let the ai handle settling in to that nice new planet you found.  In addition the ai does a fairly decent job at planning planetary ground invasions as well.  All in all I like having options to automate certain aspects of the game if I choose.That's all for now but I hope my feedback helps you decide one way or the other if you want to buy this game."
,Recommended,418250,22583291,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,freeliner,"Suprisingly fresh-looking 4x space strategy, compared to relatively all-the-same 4x titles published in the last couple of years.Finally:1. Relatively complex and deep tactical combat system, where every action means possible change of initiative and battle odds. Finally skill and tactical sense matters, and you can either lose your advantage if you make several mistakes, or you can win even against unfavorable odds if you make a few right decisions.2. The ship cost is very high - they are a long and expensive investment. So, like real battleships of our era - sometimes you make a new design for each new ship, and you feel that every single ship is unique and important for you. No faceless ship swarms here (except fighters and bombers swarms, of course).3. Long ship production times demand strategic planning. When you meet another race - will you try to build a couple of new colony ships to occupy good spots near their border, and leave them undefended, or will you build a couple of warships and risk losing possible colonization spot?4. Realistic colonization process, where new colonies initially are a liability to defend, and not a source of easy expansion.5. Research is unique in this game. Every single discovery you make is known beforehead, and appreciated, and quickly applied to ship designs after it is finally discovered.Cons:1. Due to long build and planning and exploration times game is not very fast-paced - so you have to be a bit meditative and patient while nothing else happens.All in all - a solid and interesting concept, at least after several gameplay hours."
,Recommended,418250,22243290,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Tomaura,"My overall experience is very very good despite the flaws.I’m actually enjoying quite a lot Polaris Sector. I must say that Polaris Sector did reconcile me with space 4X.Polaris Sector IMO focus on strategy with wargame elements.For an in depth review checkeXplorminate Polaris Sector Review.And PS has a very unique feeling and atmosphere.Research that reflects what Science is really about.Time that replace turn. Way better in my opinion.Space feels cold and empty. It is true that it can make exploration dull for some. To me it is more about discovering new worlds and ressources (to secure what leads to the strategic layer of PS)The possibilities to not be involved in colonie management. That’s awesome. As a strategist I don’t need that.The spy system ! For the first time I have a real way to scout and plan an invasion.And one of the best thing in this game is that ships are SLOW as they should in combat. It makes tactical decision way more important as you can’t react as quickly as in other 4X games to save a situation. Tactical decisions really matters !For someone like me who play a militarist strategist this game is recommended.I never bother with diplomacy ;)You won't like this game ifYou are looking for a more traditionnal 4X (like Moo), if you want deep and complex colonie management, and you are not interested in combat."
76561198030991271,Recommended,418250,22107285,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Thalan333,"Very nice game, What it does it does it really great. A mix of SOTS/SEV and real time battle lot of tension.It could be seen as a more viral Distant World, mostly centered on expansion and war than trade and preaceful negociations. The 8 resources vs the 20+ of Distant World made it easier to handle while still keeping the diversity up. Population management is quite basic and AI takes properly care of the colonies, but between exploration, infiltration, sabotage, defence, invasion and planning constructions of warships/satelites/troops and fighters you are keept quite busy.The ship design is fantastic, with lot of options and decisions that will enter at play in the main game (number vs quality, cool system but expensive in resource I miss a bit or less cool but less survivability etc..).If you need a 4X fix, or want a challenging game ""in the stars"" without touching the ""too cold"" Endless Space, the too complete/complex Distant World or the outdated SpaceEmpireV/SOTS, this one is the one to go.As it is a one man show don t expect the polish of a AAA title, but it is functional, the GUI is well designed and it comes bug free and fun with an author answering directly on the forums! The only part which could have needed more love is the ""alien race design"" which feels a bit cartoonesque... but they included blue space babes;)"
76561198110534290,Recommended,418250,29906422,Posted: 13 February,all,Zerian VySil,"This game has a lot of great things going for it. And bogs down or fails in some others.It was very difficult to decide to choose Like over DisLike. But I chose Like.... here's why:1)  Overal, I had fun2) The Science system is Truly unique and very good.The biggest drawback for me, was that it just took forever to get going.By the time I finally figured out how to maximize my Science progreesion, and chase the technologies I was actually interested in, the game was already starting to become old-hat boring.Starship Tetris is great, but StarDrive does it much better !Diplomacy was pointless, trading was pointless.But building a fleet, and controlling the battles was fun.Combat Tutorial was VERY good!When you are bored, and can't find a newer/better 4X, this one works very well.Distant Worlds Universe is still my personal favourite. If only there was a way to blend the best parts of all these games together, into the perfect game....."
76561198078131540,Recommended,418250,22151620,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,SystemAnalyst,"- new, out-of-the box research system- interesting time scale- very moddable- developer very supportive- have big potential for further development- good space combat- fully pausable RTS with several speed mode- good AI- multiple choices for ground combat units (police, marine, tank, fighter, ground attack aircraft, naval ship)"
76561198064920926,Recommended,418250,31653954,Posted: 9 May,all,*****.10.efaferal,"This game is a gem.  A rough gem but a gem none-the-less.First off it is really just a 2x game.  There is no win by diplomacy/tech that I am aware of.  And, in fact diplomacy is broken.. There a a few ways to exploit the AI in order to avoid war pretty much indefinitely.However past that the game is excellent.  Better than excellent in fact.  The best feature of the game is the what has been coined 'Starship Tetris'.  While frustrating to some this is what creates the uniques natures of the various races.  But this also produces a highly un balanced strategic situation, to which some players are unable to adapt.  Each race has a different geometric layout for their ships and this, in turn, limits the placement of various equipment.  The result is that from the start certain races easily out-gun others.  This, in turn, forces the player to pursue a very specific research path in order to counter.  This game will frustrate player swho are used to RTS style build orders which can give you a dominant presence right from the start. Granted there are about 3 or 4 initial techs that are 'must have' from the beginning, however, after that you will need to commit to small, fast and stealthy or lots of guns until the middle game. Once you make it to the middle game the war becomes more grand strategy and less tactical.  However, by this point the weakness in the tactical AI become a bit too glaring.  The late game generally becomes a balance of defensive choke points and the player building the 'kill stack' of ships to knock down key planets.  then move the defensive bases to the new choke point, rinse and repeat.  This is really a 7 of 10 game, which is impressive for a one man show.  And he is currently performing a major upgrade!  so I must recommend support for this herculean effort and his continued interest in making a good game better.Final Score: 7/10Pros:- Tech system is semi-unique- Has a Star Wars MOD!- Ship designing creates variety, so players will have several purpose built ships.- Resource management requires planning (long term planning- AI does a good job managing planetary builds.- Good asymetrical tactical elements- Stealth and sabotage system is interesting and not too OPCons- Tech system is a bit obscured ( you will need to play through to find out where the necessary techs are )- Ship design is frustrating for the lazy player and limits species strategies with regard to conquest.- AI does a lousy job in tactical ship battles.Notes:Developer is in the process up creating an update which will address some of the logistical management shortcomings in the game, so I left those un addresed.-E"
76561198013517782,Recommended,418250,22219149,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Theodotus,"I've played most every space 4x game ever made, and for me this is one of the best.Things I like:It has a no-money economy system, so there is no rush buying of things -- which makes every decision about what to build and when to build it very meaningful.The pace of the game feels real:  travel between stars takes years, if not decades, as does planet development.  So I feel like I'm watching my empire develop over a period of decades and centuries.The tech system feels like real research, instead of just picking something from a list.The combat system interacts with the tech system in such a way that there is no one certain tactic that always leads to victory.  (The guys over at Grogheads are loving it, because it feels like real military decisions to them.)Planet specialization is a necessity, and entails meaningful choices.  No cookie-cutter planets here.The AI seems to actually know how to play the game.To me, this game is worth more than I paid for it."
,Recommended,418250,22203532,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,matbailie,"Two of my favourite web-sites reviewed this game and completely disagreed with each other.  One thought it sub-par and the other recommended it.I recommend it, and I've been trying to work out why.AI - GoodFrom what I've played the AI is quite good, both strategically (exploring, expanding, etc) and tactically (diplomacy, space combat, esionage, etc).  And I value that highly; too many games have sucky AI and have to give huge bonuses to AI players to compensate.  In this game it's the other way around, the Human player gets the bonuses except on the Hard difficulty.Real Time - GoodI've played hundreds of hours of Distant Worlds and I've found it hard ot go back to truely turn based games.  I'm biased towards Polaris Sector simply because it's a pausable realt time strategy game (I don't like twitch games, I like thinking games, but I'm hooked on the real time version of that now).Simplified - GoodThis time an antithesis to Distant Worlds and other games; this is Not a deeply complex game with masses of subtle decisions to make.  It simplifies things down to the fun parts, and forgoes layers of complexity.  That does mean Star Lanes, which some people hate, but I've enjoyed having the constraint because I've started playing quicker ""lighter"" games.  Over all this makes it feel almost like an Arcade Game version of Distant Worlds.  It's still no whre near a ""finished in 60 minutes"" game, but it doen't feel like I'm enduring a burden of beauracracy at the end of the game.The special something extra - FantasticActually, I don't think this game has anything about it that is better than Good.  The reseach system is novel, the AI is good, the simplifications are nice, but nothing strikes me as outstanding.Overall - Enjoyable, to meI've had fun so far.  I'm still working things out (I only just realised you can dismantle a starbase and use freighters to move it to another system), so I'll play a lot more of this.  I can honestly say I might even play this as much as Distant Worlds.  It's not as deep, it doesn't have the same degree of freedom, but is does feel more consistently fun to me."
76561198055122411,Recommended,418250,22241500,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,SuperNoob7331,"Having alot of fun with this game. After losing your first few tries you quickly learn that researching the right equipment and picking the right starting traits for your race make all the difference. Playing agressive and spending time optimizing your ships is a huge part as well as with raw power you won't get far. You will also learn that you need to specialize planets into certain roles that fits your surrounding as you can't simply switch roles all fo a sudden, if you got a mineral problem you can't just fix it with a few clicks and that might be what I love most about this game, you have to plan ahead.The battles are engaging although not really balanced. In the end I found out that using freighters as Heavy Missile-troop transporters was a lot more effective than clunky cruisers or other heavy battleships. Regarding the diplomacy I didn't get a hang of it yet, I tried to get friendly with a few other races but it never payed off, in the end I just used the system to force other races to give me 10% of their income which seems the best deal. Then again, I blame this on me not having tried to go all the way with trading and diplomacy.Now this game is not without flaws sadly enough. The biggest issue here is the in-depth of the game. You want to create a universe that is as little as possible because there really isn't much else to explore. Still, I found this a minor issue and I might just try a really large empty universe just to test my skills. Then there is an issue where one of my save-files and my auto-save got corrupted which meant that I had to start over again. A heads-up to anyone else; use multiple different save files!Overall this game is definitely worth the buy. For me who doesn't like the standard ""handholding games"" nor the overly complex 4k space strategy games that are out there, this game is a match made in heaven. And when in doubt wait till it goes on sale!"
76561197970635339,Not Recommended,418250,22052776,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Mort,"Right now I would not recommend Polaris Sector. It brings some fresh ideas but suffers from boring, drawn out gameplay and very bad UI. There are better 4X games out there; if you have already played those and look for something new, you might still get some enjoyment out of it.What I like:The research system: Totally unique and a welcome step away from the traditional research trees and tiers.The map setup: I was delighted to see realistic galaxy types, very eye-catching, also comprehensive, straight-forward and easy map customizationThe race setup: Again, well implemented: comprehensive but straight-forward and easy customization optionsThe art style: A bit retro and goofy but (especially the galaxy map) pretty and still easy to interpretThe combat: Real-time (with the option to slow down and even pause) with lots of tactical depthWhat I do not like:The UI: The game is heavy on micromanagement in some areas, especially fleet management and combat. That is not at all bad in itself, but paired with a UI that is big, clunky and low on actually useful information it becomes a nightmare of constantly scrolling around and opening and closing several different views to get done even one small task like finding out what replenishments your fleet needs and producing them. The same goes for combat: I have not found a way to actually make use of much of the tactical options because of a total lack of useful information once you zoom out far enough to see more than maybe two ships at the same time. Again the micromanagement becomes a real chore: Stop time, zoom in to actually see something, try to figure out what some ship is actually doing, zoom out for some reference, zoom in again... ad nauseam.The gameplay: The pace is glacial, even on the fastest time setting. The most exciting thing to happen during several hours of gameplay were some ridiculously overpowered pirates. I found no way to peacefully interact with other races or otherwise influence diplomatic relations meaningfully, let alone get a useful or interesting overview over galactic politics. There are diplomatic options for trade in goods and science but I never got to the point where I could use them. Mostly the AI seemed to want to have nothing to do with me and get angry when I colonized near them.Automation (or the lack of it in most areas): For some reason, you can automate planet colonization and management to the point where you do not have to look at your planets again for the rest of the game. For everything else you do have zero automation options, not even auto-exploring (ok, there is auto-resolving of battles).The planets: There is a nice variety of planet types but strangely not much to do with them. There are four kinds of planet output (industry, mining, agriculture, science), then there is one planet type that is good at all of the four (but not at the same time), plus one type that is good mostly at agriculture. The rest you use only for mining several resources. This is, again, different from how most other 4X games do resources/planet types. But this time not in a good way I think."
76561198273628653,Recommended,418250,22156649,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,areor,"This is definetely not AAA game, but it is realy addictive to me. Great space combats with hundreds of vessels in one battle, different tactics mastered by AI and available to player (not ideally though). My favourite ship designer where everything matters: size, weight, production and maintenance cost - not only basic parameters.And there is no money or BC`s in this game, completely! Only mineral resources, food and production.Starlane movement and single point systems can be serious drawbacks for someone, but I like to focus on strategy and tactics, not micromanaging of my empire. This game offers many options to automate routine actions like colonization and planetary development so I can focus on economy, strategy and tactic combats. Autobattle is strange, use it only with outnumbered fleets. Looks like it simply command ""act on your own"" to all ships and speeds up time.Game mechanics is very different from MOO-like mechanics, your limit is not command points or income, your limit is your economy. And be careful with food, earthlike planets do not have population cap and unemployed population in this game is useless and worse - it consumes food. Single earthlike or gaia planet without population limit programm can lead whole empire to starvation.UI is not always intuitive and polished, in big galaxies there are many endless lists and annoying fighter management, that`s not good. But UI is good enough to concentrate on game, not on UI gaps.I recommend this game.p.s. sorry for my english, it`s not my native language."
,Not Recommended,418250,21994779,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Rattenmann,"Update after forcing myself to finish the game at least once (refund got rejected).So did i enjoy my 20 hours of play time? Well. It is a 4x. So meh. I always SOMEWHAT enjoy them. This has to be the worst 4x game in my library tho, by far. And the most expensive as well.Compared to Master of Orion: MoO has A LOT less features, like really... it sounds and plays so much simpler. BUT the few things you CAN do are real choices. You can decide what you do, when you do it and how you do it. And multiple ways are possible to advance and win. Polaris Sector has one way and the automation does it for you.So no, i will not recomment it. A 4x on rails just shouldn't exist.The game does not get any better like i hoped at the end of my review. It stays a pure illusion of freedom. There is always that ONE best way to do something. Most of the time it is perfectly clear so you just do it, or let automation do it.As the game progresses you are more and more a watcher only. You do some fights here and there and thats about it. The rest is done by the AI and automation. And really you simply can't do much the AI is not doing on its own.Few minor adjustments come into play lategame once you get all the techs. You can do some minor tweaks to planets then. At that point it does not matter anymore tho.My playtrough ended with the ""endgame threat"". Let's just put it this way: The ONE thing you can choose yourself is how your ships fire. What they fire with. At up to this point i believed that. WRONG again. DON'T even hope to do a lategame ship without missiles. The endgame enemy is immun to anything but a special variation of a missile. Don't use it? Bad luck.Let me put this into perspective. I had 3 armys, each one as big as the biggest 2 AIs had combined. So pretty much invincible, right? Well no. The endgame enemy jumped in, attacked one army. I killed all their ships within seconds,... all but 2. 2 Battleships. They are immun to all but that one missile type. Those 2 battleships destroyed 30 of my battleships without any return fire.So that is what happens if you think there is that ONE thing you can choose yourself. All my 3 armadas destroed within 5 ingame years (a few seconds), without being able to shoot back.By the time i rebuild an armada with the right weapon choice (silly me to use something else then what the game pushes onto me),.. the endgame enemy grew out of proportion. 200 Battleships, 500 Destroyer... needless to say my playtrough ended there.Also you better love fighters.---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Start of original review after about 3 hours played:The game has many features and looks awesome for any 4x fan on paper. I will happily admit that and i have fallen for exactly that.Let me call the game ""an illusion of freedom"". It fits pretty good.All those features and ""stuff"" for a lack of a better word:Basically clutter on the UI without doing anything. Hear me out on this one: The game does an awesome job at making you THINK you can control so many aspects,... but you actually don't control anything. My whole playtime has been a kind of autopilot so far. You can turn of automation on planets, but there are no alternatives anyways. There is that one clear way to go and you just do it, or cripple yourself. Automation works just as good. Illusion of freedom.Ship battles:Looked so awesome in those videos. And turned out to be simple rock, paper, scissor fights. Your enemy has this one ship tye? Better send in THIS first, or be destroyed. Auto resolve is less of a pain because you have this one way of doing it again. Do it that way, or fail. Automation does it better then me, since i dislike playing rock, paper, scissor in space. Illusion of freedom.Ship building:Key aspect. Stardrive like building. Real freedom, right? No. Weapons only go into yellow slots. Any reason to plug something else in there? No. So... just plug in weapons. 3x3 take small turrets...4x4 take medium turrets,... 6x6 take 4 smalls,... you get the idea. All weapons are of the same size as well. But the other slots are freedom, right? Well... yes. If you dislike your armada and want to destroy it in your first battle. If you don't follow a strict focused approach, the ship will be worthless. So,... well. You gotta plug in x, y and z. If you can fit two x or two y,... great! Thats the real freedom. If you find a layout that takes one more module in all the wasted space. Real illusion of freedom.AI:Not. Exactly. Smart. I don't know yet if the AI is just dumb or it is ""roleplaying"" silly. The agressive guys wanted open boarders... the ""never go to war"" guys declared war like 30min in without having a single ship i noticed. They did have half a dozen freighters in my space when they declared war tho. Sounds smart, right?Planetbuilding:Tackeled it in my first point, but let me alaborate a little: You can focus your planets and you should do that. If you build something, you lock space for other stuff. Building ONE FARM out of 100 slots... locked 24 slots out of my 36 industrial slots on one planet. God knows how or why. But ""balanced"" is not going to pay off. Illusion of freedom again.So i don't know. Ill still play for a while and hope i just did not ""get it"". Or it grows on me,... kinda sad i have spend 33 bucks on this and hope i will stop hating myself for it. Obviously a refund is no option because a 4x game is nothing you can judge after 2 hours.Stay away for now. Unless you don't mind the illusion of freedom and choice. If you like a 4x on rails, give it a go. It is like watching a movie. And everytime something happens the pause key is pressed. You can read what the AI did, nod a bit and let pause go."
76561198064749920,Recommended,418250,34823981,Posted: 8 September,all,FarAwayBuyer,"This is an excellent little title!  It's light on the Colony Management piece for a Space 4X, but the combat is extraordinary and meshes well with both the research and ship design pieces of the combat to come up with a unique feel for combat.  This game also really gets down the EPIC feeling of empires spending entire human generations at war with one another--the time scale is done just right and nothing happens too quickly.What is most different about this game is the research system.  The emphasis on Fundamental and Applied science as a path to unlocking technologies will be fun surprise to anybody who's not already familiar with Space Empires 4 (I think), which pioneered this approach.  That research system gets a little cumbersome in the later game, but is still a welcome change from the ""Research Mega Blasters / Then research Ultra Blasters"" pattern most of us know from the days of Civ I.What really sets the research system apart is how the introduction of new technologies and components can radically change the way battles should be fought.  A fleet full of carriers with lots of fighters can go rampaging through star system after star system, until the enemy obtains and deploys MIRV technology to shred those fighters in a hurry.  The game also allows you to build highly customized ships (e.g., an anti-fighter killer MIRV missile boat) for almost any occasion.It's those two things, rather than the research system itself, that truly sets the game apart.  It doesn't have nearly the complexity, nor quite the immersion factor of Distant Worlds: Universe but this is a great little game."
76561198007101878,Recommended,418250,25305107,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Cyzer,"I played beta version for half year ago and it have already been playable enough. I wish to start with the best part of this game - space battles. There are several classes of ships and spaceplanes. Little ones fly faster, big ones have more powerful weapon and armor. Most of ships have main guns on their boardsides so it is important to formate your fleet in respest of range and power of weapon and protection of ships.Ship manager allow you build several types of ships on each class and create your own tactic in battle. In Polaris Sector rock-paper-scissors system is much more complicated and interesting then in Stellaris, and even in Endless Space.Also there is technically unordinary science system, with separation into fundamenal sciece, like math or physics, and applied sciences ~20. But in practice you research unnecessary technologies to get ones you need.Some words about politics. It is common but all you really need works here. You can make diffrent types of unions, you can force aliens to pay tributes, and you can trade resources."
76561198042995153,Recommended,418250,22291245,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Fiddlefins the Pirate,"Impressions currently:  It needs some more diversity & balancing when we speak of weapons, races, and (Possibly) Activatable modules.  Besides that, this is a stunning and amazing 4x title, if a bit rough around the edges.  As developement goes on and mods begin to add onto the game itself, I have no doubt it will become one of the best 4x titles in the past 6 years or so."
76561198061823625,Recommended,418250,31808736,Posted: 17 May,all,Saffron,"I'm just posting this to give the game a positive ""thumbs up.""I really don't have a lot of time to write a full-on review. I will say that it is a bit different than your standard 4x as there's a lot less emphasis placed on colony management than most other games like Stellaris. I only wish that solar systems had more planets orbiting the stars. Also, try the Star Wars overhaul mod -- it's really good. I actually forget sometimes that I'm not playing a Star Wars game.Also, I haven't actually played this game for 848 hours. Holy damn ... not sure why it's saying that. I'm not *that* much of a gamer. Sheesh. I actually do go outside now and then (except I live in a place with the worst climate in the world; Siberia is a paradise compared to here).Anyhow, if you like space 4x games, you may as well add this one to your collection. It's just different enough to be worth the buy -- though you may want to wait for a sale. Not because the game is bad but because, well, who wants to pay $40 for a game these days?"
76561198152078930,Recommended,418250,22259528,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,axone,"A system of scientific research is very developed and divided into fundamental and applied parts. Unlike other similar games automation helps to avoid extra micromanagement when empire grows. A spaceship editor is worth mentioning, as well as enemy's AI and thought-out resource system.All these as well as game events keep you in suspense and leave no chance to get bored."
76561197970918683,Recommended,418250,22243004,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,acpfirebird,"Love this game! A 4X that has a good AI, fun ship building, and good governors. I also enjoy the research tree. Seems more realistic that a new tech would take decades to develop instead of a couple of years. The first game I won took almost 1500 years."
76561197991966161,Recommended,418250,22136102,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,DeltaV,"Pros: Excellent 4x with a light (but not insignificant) focus on planetary development but heavy focus on ship design and combat.    Reverse the gameplay focus of GalCiv III, add some Imperium Galactica II -esque music to the mix and you've got Polaris Sector.  Combat and ship design is OUTSTANDING with an incredible variety of weapons, modules, and tactics.  The ships, while not true 3D, are beautiful to behold IMO.Cons: Micromanagement can be a pain (loading fighters into carriers for instance) , but there are some features that help with that (such as the plan invasion mechanic).  Exploration could stand to be better fleshed out and some better fleet organization/management tools would be nice."
76561198037200868,Recommended,418250,22695771,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Bulshito Necrobit,Very good game! It is difficult to beat the AI. The interface is very good as there are various shortcuts to keep the micromanagement to a minimum. The battles are fun and so is the ship design system. Price is high but so is the value. Enjoy!
76561198006243109,Recommended,418250,22011982,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Ronin75,"It ain't a triple A, but better than most othe 4x space games currently released. For a small developer, this is actually a well designed and presented game. I like the game mechanics, less micro management and some fresh research ideas and unique ship design options. Tactical battles are actually tactical and require thinking and careful palcing of your fleets.Exploring the galaxy can get a bit boring, as there are not many special events or planet/system surprises.Graphics are not stellar, but do the job. There are a few minor things I do not like about the UI, but all around it is informative and not too cluttered,Races are plenty and have well devloped background storries but are in my opinion not unique enough in their abilities to give them a true unique feel like in Sword of the Stars. No one has unique techs, abilities, etc. The only differences are your standard 4x run of the mill: better productivity, better espionage, better food, etc. Also you can edit the races to redistibute points, but you can't truely design your own race, not even rename the current ones,All in all I do recommend it if you are into space 4x. 7/10"
76561198033287437,Recommended,418250,25878921,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Shailo,"Polaris Sector is a decent 4X space game but one in which you will very likely fall into a micro-management pit simply because the AI is not up to the task of managing planets in a sensible manner.For example, upon deciding to colonize a planet you will be asked what specialization the planet will have, and the AI does a good job of building *exactly* that: be it innovation, industrial, food or mining focus. But that focus is way too narrow since it often doesn't build factories despite that fact that a few factories would speed up construction of desired facilities. And planets will also need some defense that, without factories, can literally take you centuries to build.Granted that you can import defensive units from elsewhere, but it involves serious micro-management as you build the pieces elsewhere and ferry them over. And then you realize that this defense needs to be kept up to date, and taking it apart and moving it and updating it and bringing it back is a tedious mini-game in and of itself. And, of course, the AI doesn't worry about defense anyway so you are forever scanning the galaxy to find out what planets have defense and which don't. Nor can you tell all planets to automatically keep their defense up-to-date.Another problem with Polaris Sector is in how you design ships.Designing ships involves selecting a pre-defined hull and allocating the bits and pieces that you want. Turrets have pre-defined positions and size, but what you put in those turrets it up to you, be that lasers or missiles or energy blasts. The internals is largely an open area with fixed walls and allocations for engines and additional weaponry.The problem, though, is that the components are of fixed size and orientation, and getting things to fit in the space is tricky since a component that might have a 6x4 size emphatically cannot be rotated 90 degrees to fit it in a 4x6 space. There are also absurd and arbitrary restrictions, and bizarre asymmetries. Some ship types cannot have Fighter Bays or armor, while others are restricted to small engines despite their huge hull. A weapon mount might double or quadruple the number of weapons in the mount for all weapons except for one or two that are identical except for the warhead. One side of a parallel internal section might be one size more narrow while the other side might be one or two sizes shorter. And then there are the round spaces in which you try to fit rectangular objects, and the nooks and juts that deliberately obstruct placement.You can excuse objects of fixed size, but fixed orientation is dumb. You can excuse preset hulls, but being unable to apply known technologies to them all equally is dumb. And you'd think that those who designed a ship would know how to use a ruler, and you'd think that they'd accommodate to the world's restrictions rather than blindly stumbling over them. But no. The net result is that you end up spending a lot of time fiddling and fighting with a deliberately obstructive layouts rather than getting on with the job of designing your ship and moving on.The last problem that I will mention is ground combat since the assault forces that you deploy *never* improve with advancements in technology, so your forces can still struggle against opponents who are several generations behind you technologically. Meaning that the only option that you are given is to overwhelm the enemy with numbers, and that is pathetically dumb.In sum, Polaris Sector is an engaging 4X space strategy game where the research and technology is interesting, the real-time combat largely makes sense, but the AI is not up to the task of properly managing hundreds of planets, designing ships pointlessly eats up way too much time, and ground combat is nothing more than overwhelming the enemy with numbers. It is fun and interesting to play but it will try your patience more than once."
,Recommended,418250,22160830,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Naelain,Love Polaris Sector!  Alot more controllable tactical combat makes it way better than any other 4x RTS or Turn Based games in this category!Terraforming would be a great addition!
76561198165833420,Recommended,418250,24044355,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,i-dot,"It is the Best 4X-Strategy of this year!Much better in everything than the remake of Master of Orion.And it have much better Space Battles than Stellaris(I mean the strategy & politics in Stellaris - are very peasantbut the battles in Stellaris - Completely SUXXXXX!)The Polaris has- the AWESOME spaceship designer- the good space combats- the deep ground assaults system- the realistic Research&Development system supporting designing of ships, fighters and stations- the deep strategic part supporting automation of micromanagement (if you bored by micromanagement)all the best in this year!"
76561198031396231,Not Recommended,418250,22863811,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Nalidus,"I'm going to preface my review by saying that there are some things that I like about this game.  However, there are more things that I dislike about it.Pros:1.  The starmap is quite beautiful and can be expansive.  It is also easy to understand at a glance.2.  The building automation AI for the worlds is pretty good.  I just wish there were more options to go with or a popup when a planet is done building with the automation.3.  The tech tree is vast and there is a lot to play with.  However, see ""Cons"" for further information.Cons:1.  The races are not that unique.  They feel fairly cookie-cutter due to easily customizing them when starting a game.  Truthfully, you could choose one race and give it all of the bonuses of another race.2.  The tech tree might be vast, but it's linear and extremely hard to really plan long-term as there is no real tree to look at.  It's linear in the fact that techs will be learned in the exact same order in every game you play unless you play with the sliders to research different things faster.  However, techs are still in the same line.  The tech tree is also almost impossible to look at ingame to see what to focus on what to get to a specific tech.  The devs provided a website with all the possible techs, but it's also difficult to navigate and plan with as well.3.  Here is the biggest problem with this game:  Racial ship balance.  Certain races have pathetically bad ships due to having either vastly lower number of slots, or having much higher build costs, or both.  Terrans are an example of the ""both"" category.  It's a really bad game design that needs to be fixed for this game really to have any long-lasting appeal and replayability.4.  And, finally, the AI is truly blood-thirsty.  Even peaceful races see military-weak races as targets for conquest."
76561197993065396,Recommended,418250,25834608,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,venusius,This game is a little gem. It borrowed the best of the the 4x titles and implented it all in this game. Granted it's a little rough around the edges with its graphics and combat but overall this is a fun game. My only criticism is the combat system. I think it needs some improvement as I feel all the time and effort I spent on ship design is not translating in combat as it's dominated heavily by fighters. The tactics become one dimensional wherein all you do is build cheap carriers and torpedo fighters and you'll win battles easily. ie. 10 frigates carrying 50+ torpedo fighters each. Frigates stay far back and fighters do bombing runs (returning to hangar for torpedo replenishment). Gone are the big ship battles with this game. I still recommend it as it's not too expensive. I recommend buying it on sale.
76561197992322819,Recommended,418250,25957812,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Silinary,"As many have mentioned, there is a lot this game does very well. On the downside, there could be more tooltips thaty tell what does what, but I have also found some of what I need just by RTFM. I see a review that didn't know what economic and scientic treaties benefit.  What they do is open up additional dialogs to let you buy minerals or barrow minerals with interest in the case of economic and buy/trade technologies (if they are willing) for research treaties. There have been numerous times I find myself running out of plutonium  but have an extreme excess of another mineral and with 3 or 4 races in economic treaties, I could buy enough plutonium to keep my ship factories working while I adjusted mining planets for more extractors of a certain type (in this case plutonium) or  colonized new worlds to specifically mine the mineral.  Every planet can be colonized with the right technology with 1-3 planets per system and hundreds of systems, there is a lot to manage.  At the same time, the AI helps a lot in intuitive ways."
76561198068791678,Recommended,418250,22137428,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Nikolai,"Amazing game with a lot of depth and playability. Anyone who is a fan of 4X RTS games, or RTS games in general will love this"
76561197975322194,Recommended,418250,22150938,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Kedaros,Great game. My favorite game just after Distant Worlds. Both of them are different.Beware!!!Playing this game will sunk lots of your time so think about it before you start to play :)I recommend it to any 4X fan.Its worth every money spend on it!
76561198027615492,Recommended,418250,22070708,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Astyreal,"Great game.  Loving it so far.  Hard to explain - it is just fun.  Other 4x's can seem like work.Few comments though:- No autosave?  Just lost a couple hours of play due to a CTD and no quicksaves- Steam saves?  This is a necessity, I don't feel like swapping files by hand.- I fee like with some UI/gameplay refinements, of which there are already many, will take this title from good to great- Also plenty of room for expansions, but don't kill the pacing, tightness of gameplay.  There is a streamlined feel which is very welcome."
76561198006550566,Recommended,418250,35068067,Posted: 19 September,all,Proxima,I like the research mechanics and the tactical battles.
76561198028024417,Not Recommended,418250,35472590,Posted: 4 October,all,mdoolitt,"TETRIS in Spaaaace!!There are a some things to like about Polaris Sector.   Tactical combat combat is fun & interesting.  Planet management forces tough choices on the player - science, industry, or agriculture?  But these good points do not make up for the negatives.1.  Ship design is a game of fitting rectangles into irregular holes.  Btw you are not allowed to rotate any of the rectangles even though it would make sense.  Your scientist are too dumb to figure out how to make a 6x4 shape into a 4x6 shape.  I found this part of the game frustrating and tedious, even so that eventually grew to hate redesigning my ships for new technology.2.  Technology - Your scientists will spend decades researching a hi-tech item that all too often turns out to be inferior to the lo-tech item you researched a century ago.  Descriptions of techs often don't have any useful information about what the tech actually DOES.3.  No rally points?  How could the designers overlook this?  If there are rally points, it wasn't mentioned in the manual or the tutorial.4.  Immersion,  The tactical combat could use some better sound and graphic effects.  But this is really a minor complaint, compared to 1 and 2."
76561197964052129,Recommended,418250,22008972,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,iCECORE,"An excellent take on the 4x genre.  The right amount of complexity and simplicity depending on how much you want to micro-manage your worlds.  I was a little skeptical with the real time aspect of the galaxy map but it mixes well overall and still feels turn-based.Ship customization is similar to gratuitous space battles or star drive, but it takes it on another level by adding multiple decks.  Ship battles may not be its strongest point but you can control the ships manually in a 2d backdrop.Research is done uniquely with two separate fields; theoretical and applied sciences.  Ultimately you want to research applied sciences to get all the neat technologies, but to get there you need to get through the theoretical aspect.  To be honest I don't touch the sliders much.One of the few notable 4x space games I've played in a while.   75/100"
76561198073820593,Recommended,418250,21994396,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Sohei,AI that isn't terrible. Innovative tech reasearch based on basic science to applied science to technologies. Espionage with disinformation. Ship design is a big part of the game and isn't a chore. Quite a bit of lore provded for the alien races. Still could use a little polish here and there but overall has far more options than most space 4x games.Highly recommended.
76561197966358311,Not Recommended,418250,22596078,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Ketamarine,"Do not buy in its current state. The mid-late game is extremely tedious with the micromanaging of troops for invasions (which are inevitable as this is basically a war game and the automation is useless), fuel tankers for the clunky fuel system and constantly sending fighters to the front line.Entire combat system is based around small fighters, which you have to manually manage - and in some fights there are as many as 1000. Good luck sustaining an invasion campaign without a massive (manually managed) logistics network of freighters bringing in tropps and fighters. Oh, and don't ever auto resolve a battle - all of your torpedo bombers will die EVERY SINGLE TIME as the AI throws them out against fighters.Wished I could get my $40 8 hours into the first playthrough as I got into my first campaign. I maybe conquered 10 planets of the ~350 the game defaults to before the game ground to a tedious halt..."
76561198023077334,Recommended,418250,22041188,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,zaknafein196,"I played quite a few 4x space games, still looking for the perfect one. After a few games of Polaris Sector I feel I can write a review.pros:1- Nice retro feel to the graphics, ships in battle are prerendered 3d models. A technique I quite like2- Good tactical combat3- Lots of cutomization in ship builder4- Tons of tech and unique research system5- There is quite good automation for when you don't want to micromanage, but you still can if it's your thingcons:1- can be slow at times2- steep learning curve3- the races design (I mean the portraits etc, ships are quite ok) is a bit weak4- ship hulls can be unbalanced in terms of space available (human corvette is horrible, compared to other races)In conclusion I give this a thumbs up as it is quite fun and scratches that 4x itch."
76561198002122976,Recommended,418250,34959465,Posted: 14 September,all,albalma,"This is a preliminary review, I haven't quite made my mind up yet.  The reason for my thumbs up instead of down is that this game seems to have a lot of potential.  The reason I'm not quite recommending it is because the graphics are extremely dated and they need some love."
,Recommended,418250,22477766,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Shortpower,Tacking on another positive review:Favorite part: Love the research treeIf I could ask for anything: A mass production mode for planets (Sorta like how America mass produced Shermans in WW2) that speeds up a single ship building by 30-40% so that I can mass produce 1 type of ship (It could take time to create 'optimized factory setup' which freezes the planets production otherwise)
76561198012711922,Not Recommended,418250,22953556,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Captiva,"This is not a bad game. What is bad is what you get for the price.Before release Slitherine games said they had a ""system"" for setting price on games, and they were an expert because of all the games they have released. They said if game was too cheap people would not take it serious. I almost laughed at this.I personally refunded the game because I felt it was too much money, and certainly would have kept it had the price been more reasonable for what is offered.So what is offered? Well basically a streamlined combat focused 4x. It has all the elements of a 4x, but simplified. There is still a learning curve, but not a steep one. Combat is where this game shines the best, with a half decent combat viewer and some tactical choices that can be made during battles. I also personally enjoy the fuel system for ships, though last I knew the AI ignored this system (free fuel), so it was only a restriction on the player, which is a bummer.I enjoy doing a lot of the aspects of 4x's that were streamlined in this game. (meaning I dont want them simplified like this game does) Its kinda hard to explain unless you watch a video of gameplay. I hate to bring it into this review, but (almost) everything this game does, Stellaris does 4x better... pun intended. Though to be fair Stellaris has more people working on it, and Stellaris is not perfect either, but Polaris Sector is missing so much in comparison, I will not even bother to compare the 2 games, except to say that they are the same price, which should say something about the price of Polaris Sector.One good thing to mention, although I have not been active on the forums recently, is that the developer was very responsive and friendly last time I was lurking about. I also did not experience any bugs while playing the game.Overall it is a good streamlined 4x title but priced too high. I would wait for a sale to pick it up. If the price was 20 bucks or less, this game would still be in my library."
76561198046316337,Recommended,418250,24422225,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Razi??,Great game! Designing your fleet from the scratch is damn fun and combining with other management features makes game really exciting.
,Recommended,418250,22082008,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,LupusTR3,"This game has potential. I watched its development for the last 6 months, played several betas and there was huge progress in absolutely right direction (at least for me). I think it could be released later to become more polished, pricing tag is too big from my point of view, but one developer is only one developer and publisher decides this things. As I said, I see here a potential which developer realy strifes to implement and part of this price is a mean to invest in the future of this game.Current version best sides:- Challageble AI, which can deliver real pain. It has some gaps in diplomacy and sometimes delusion of grandeur, but in overall it is plesant to play with.- Ship designer is a pinnacle of evolution in my view. I like to design and customize ships and here each ship becomes unique. I never played twice with same designes. The only gap here is a lack of default designs for lazy players and lack of battle arena for testing, which I think will be fixed soon.- This brigns me to another major side of this game: tactical combat. Dozens of ships in one combat, hundreds of fighters - easy peasy. Flexible designer grands huge amount of variations in tactic. Carriers, fighters, battleships, anti-fighter ships, torpedo carriers, stations and so on in many variations - you need to adapt your fleet to opponent, his style of combat and technological level. Some technologies can dramatically change combat flow. Animation is nice too - nothing fancy, but plesant.- External threat implementation in late game :)Downsides:- Exploration is most underdeveloped part of this game. I like big glaxies, but there is nothing to do in big galaxy here. Small maps with early opponents are preferrable. Pirates are unconvincing, need something more, like minor races. I think external threat could become huge exploration drive if intoduced sooner in the game.- Governments are non-existent. I would like to see political/economical systems specific to different races.- There are no planetary upgrades except of abstract mining techs which are applied automatically. Game strategy itself is too much colonization-driven. No way for some small empire to win concentrating on quality, not quantity of colonies.- No ability to continue game after external threat. I would really like that, <spoilers> :)"
,Recommended,418250,22025418,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,seventy four point two,"If Sid Meier's Civilization 5 and Vega Conflict had a baby, this would be it. Control your units in combat, colonize space, create custom warships, handle diplomacy, and get smashed by space pirates until you build a super-corvette! It doesn't get better than this! I can NOT STOP PLAYING HEELP!!!"
76561198052971128,Recommended,418250,22035520,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,realxavier,Very fresh and unusual game. Requires some polish and ui improvements and will be a masterpiece.
,Not Recommended,418250,34843996,Posted: 9 September,all,rms2012,"Just a mild thumbs down.  While there are some nice points to the game ,like I love watching the ships on the main screen moving in space and the unique approach to research, yet there are some very bad presentations for my taste.  Ship building should NOT be a tetris puzzle, I find that part very silly and speaking of ships there is no real viable approach to winning other than building up a ton of fleets and just conquering.  Diplomacy is there, while wordy still lacks depth or any sense of direction..  Dilpomacy and Scientific approachs to winning is lacking in many games these days..I realize a DLC is in the works and if it can help in some of those vital areas I will revisit for sure.."
,Recommended,418250,22142663,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Mysterius,"Nice 4X game on a grand scale, you truly feel like an emperor. Graphics aren't bad, music is standard but not awful.If you liked Distant Worlds, go for it."
,Recommended,418250,21986692,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Haldiron,"Wow! As a long-time 4x fan, this is a sleeper hit for me! It's like Space Empires V with much better UI."
76561198039253818,Not Recommended,418250,22538508,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Dhread,Well no matter how many opponents you have they will spawn right around you and box you in so the only way to win is war. Also it seems that they can manufacture colonizers and warships pretty much every turn as there fleets will consist of several big ships and about 200 fighters and there fleets move fast so they colonize pretty much everywhere all the time.. Pirates will spawn and head right for you and destroy your orbital manufacturing facilities.  Most of your opponents will declare war on you pretty soon as your explorers will probably cross there space and aggravate them to no end.The science is confusing and will take you a long time to research and if you are lucky enough to get an opponent to agree to a science treaty they may have one tech they will exchange and pretty much nada after that. The only way to really win is to play on easy mode as this takes away all the above advantages they have. There is no way to modify your opponents to take away some advantages as there is in Gal CIv 3.Good try but Gal Civ 3 is better
76561198007927534,Recommended,418250,25407299,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,orcy,"Just my opinion, but for me this game > new mOo and stellaris. Only lack of graffics and multiplayer. Hope for more content in future for this game."
,Recommended,418250,22094350,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Kurios,Pretty decent for a 4x
,Not Recommended,418250,22233437,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Relden Calder,"At first glance, Polaris Sector appears to be a deep and meaningful strategy game, but ultimately it is neither deep nor a strategy game. This is not a 4X game, this is a tactical fleet simulator with a 4X veneer slapped on.Yes, you can expand and build an empire, but that empire has no meaning by itself, being defined solely by its ability to produce fleets of warships. Yes, you can micromanage your planets to your heart's content, but the problem is that planets only have four roles:1) Building ships.2) Producing resources to build ships.3) Researching new ship parts or ways to make resource extraction more efficient, so you can build more ships.4) Producing food to support the population that is used to power the facilities that perform the above three roles.You cannot, or at least, you should not, colonise planets for the sake of colonising planets. You should not grow your population as large as you can for the sake of having a large population. The game mechanics will penalise you if you do, because in order to do what the game wants you to do, you only need JUST ENOUGH population to man the factories, mines and farms that are all geared towards increasing your shipbuilding capacity.Diplomacy and technology are a joke, both existing solely as a means to further your ship production ambitions. There are NO technologies that perform any role beyond unlocking new ship weapons and modules, or a means to increase your production of physical resources.Can you research to improve your research ability? Nope. Can you unlock different forms of government with different empire-wide bonuses to production, diplomacy, morale or research? Nope. Just ship parts and mining equipment.This game is geared entirely towards designing and producing ships and enabling you to design and produce ships. The strategic layer could be removed and this game turned into a purely tactical game that allows you to begin battles from a Skirmish setup screen and nothing of value would be lost.If you're looking to buy this game because you want a good 4X game, DON'T. This is not a 4X game and it should not be advertised as such. I honestly regret spending money on this because of that one massive lie.If you're looking to buy this game because you want a good tactical fleet simulator with a anaemic strategic layer that only exists to make tactical battles happen, go right ahead, chief. Have fun. Someone should."
76561198005624547,Recommended,418250,29055426,Posted: 6 January,all,Syrinx,"One of the best 4x that i've played in terms of AI and fleet combat. Not so much on civilian management, but who cares about that."
,Recommended,418250,22091770,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Comrade156356,"Very good tactical combat. Probably the best in any 4x space game ever made,Nice ship designer.Awesome, huge battles."
76561197970692264,Not Recommended,418250,22241131,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Hannibal Lecter,"* Expand your empire* Build up your fleet* Research Tech (looks like a lot but doesnt seem to do much)  (only ones worth researching are for bigger ships)* Attack another empire & rinse and repeat. Gets boring fast.* Combat isnt the best, you cant control any part of it and looks poor.* Graphics are not the best* Diplomacy looked good but isnt* Gets boring fast* Zero ReplayabilityThe only really good thing about the game is the ship customisation and 900 star systems. Tho you can only have a limited number of AI.The game killed a few hours but got very repetitve, boring and thought it was a waste of moeny for £29.99. Maybe a sale game for £5. (wish id of waited for more reviews before buying)Dont get this game and wait for STELLARIS"
76561198132186716,Recommended,418250,26678256,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,hwpneon,NON TECHNICAL VERSION:The games good fun and different from other 4x's but its annoying at the same time don't get me wrong its fun and rewarding but things happen that just annoy the player like invasion forces dissapearing which made me lose my war that was turning into my favour just because my whole ground army vanished from the transports along with that causing my warfleet to be stuck in that planets orbit allowing pirates to destroy every single orbital structure i had which made my empire fall apart but thats the game and the challenge about it i do recommend giving it a try even though this glitch was weird maybe it was just they starved to death since my farm planets were destroyed by the drill(annoying ugly things) but weak in tech but so far its just been negitive so heres the possitives that makes this game a buy to start it takes parts from other games that are really good and brings them into one big game at first you will fail no chance youll even have a idea what your doing and its trial and error which gives you the rewarding factor of succeeding at making a empire like me where the army starved to death which is the trial and error system that truthfully even though its annoying and horrible its actually fun like 5 min after it happens its weird all the sudden i find the joy in that fail with food management and are ready to try againTECHNICAL VERSION: This game is a good 4x game that brings elements from other famous 4xs into one the ship building is great you have to think of each part and generally what the role of the ship is and have to use the tech you currently have which brings us to the tech tree its different then any other ive seen really some may hate it but i like it it has bars for how much persentage of your scientists time goes into math cemistry physics and biology which will increase and lower speed some tech becomes researched which is great since you choose your focus instead of tech trees this game also has a fuel system where it'll limit jumps you can do without refueling at a planet you or a ally own to get more fuel you need fuel containers the more you add to a ship and the more advanced it is makes the ship take longer and will need more resources to build which makes you have to think more on if you have a more advanced smaller fleet or a less advanced huge fleet ground forces play a important role letting you conquer planets and defend your own planets but will consume food thus they can starve if you run out of food so balancing the perpose of planets is needed each planet has bonuses in a material production science or food the planets specialty should be what you use it for the last thing i want to point out is the AI its incredible attacks at prime moments to try to take you out for example the human republic started a war with me the drill who conquered another space empire that had space near me also declared war since they thought i couldn't attack on two front which was true but they never reached my core systems intact this continued on till  my food ran out and my military starved and my war fleet was stranded above a planet i wouldve conquered if my army didnt starveSHOULD YOU BUY THIS GAME: Yes if you want wait till it goes on sale and give it a try if you don't like it get a refund simple as that but i do recommend you try it and if your like me at first youll hate it since you cant do like anything right but after 2-3 attempts you start to understand i should do this maybe i should try that and youll start to love the game for what it is which is a great 4x that will knock you down and beat you up at first then you get that sense of acheivement when you kick it in the face and beat the game
76561198052270351,Not Recommended,418250,23679431,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,poeticsophist,"There is simply too much going on.The tutorial only really covers space combat (a minor part of the game from what I can tell) and glosses over the rest.Some ships can travel from planet to planet, and others with the same engines cannot and the only explanation is that it doesn't have the right kind of engine.About 5 minutes after I meet an alien species, they declare war on me regardless of what I do to try and foster good relations.The development tree is so convoluted that there is no way to plan advancement.Good concept, poor execution."
,Not Recommended,418250,22012624,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Vlad_1492,"As a 4x fan with a large collection and way too much time invested in the genre... no.It has been diverting for a few hours.Rough around the edges, interface pretty klunky, a few crashes.The AI seems passive even at the 'Hard' level.Blatant spelling errors are never a good sign.Looks and feels like a beta, sold as a finished product.Buy it in the discount bin in a year."
76561198030616471,Not Recommended,418250,22013533,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,ositodefelpa,"I really wanted to like this game, but after about 8 hours I'm realising the things that irritate me outweigh the good things.I find the tech tree uninteresting, often spending years to unlock a new piece of research that does very little. It didn't give me a good sense of progression.Planetary management is somewhat unwieldy, it's hard to get a good overview of the position (but see my further comment below), and the stuff you can build on planets is quite bland. The fuel management system doesn't appeal to me personally , because there's too much micromanagement of the logistics - not a flaw in the game, per se, but it's something I didn't like.Overall, I'm just not having fun, and I can't see myself playing the game again, although I might give it another try in a couple of months, to see how it's been improved. It's not a terrible game by any means, but it's not for me right now.Update to take into account Iain's comments below:1. I take back my point about getting an overview of planet management. I hadn't noticed there was a button to expand the view. To be fair I don't think it's shown in the manual, so I'm guessing it's a relatively recent addition, but it is welcome.2. On tech, my complaint isn't that it's too fast or too slow, it's that the system doesn't give a real sense of excitement about getting new techs. There's no great sense of 'oh, I've got this tech now, and now I can do these cool things I couldn't do previously'. I'm not saying there are no techs like that, but there are too many that are just a stepping stone to something else, or provide a tech which isn't all that useful."
76561198048990765,Not Recommended,418250,22888226,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,roastedmusic,I really wanted to like this game but I just dont.  After the initial thrill of spreading across the galaxy there is really nothing left to do but fight.  no real economy to speak of.  Dissappointing.
76561198065744208,Recommended,418250,21991545,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Turncoat,Awesome game!Probably the best 4x strategy I ever played!
76561198116144428,Recommended,418250,22969911,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,sunsnow.other,"The game is complicated at some stage and require a lot of attention.It is a strategic game.Graphics is simple.Overall, it is an interesting product."
76561197994729886,Recommended,418250,22272325,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,AiDec,...
,Not Recommended,418250,22327915,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,XartaX,"Everyone will declare war on you, even if you are several times more powerful than them. Yay.Also, this might be possible to stop, but the game didn't bother to tell me how. And I'm certainly not going to waste time trying to figure it out:You can't stop enemy ships from infriltrating your clusters. I had one entrance to my clusters with stations&ships in it, but enemy ships just ran right past them (even with radars there, etc.). Then they just run around blowing up all your orbital stuff and bombard your planets. It's not like you can afford the upkeep to have a standing army/stations on every single planet, and when you try to kill enemy ships they just retreat and there's not a bloody thing you can do about it. Also, enemy ships seem to cheat with fuel, they can patrol your clusters forever without ever running out. It seems like the best way to play this game is just zerg rush people as soon as you find them, which is bloody boring."
76561198119228639,Recommended,418250,22018781,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,marcusking211,i recommened it for player who start playing 4k games but not 4 those who more experece
76561198032713379,Recommended,418250,22085495,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Hendy228,"Great game, but crush sometimes.Very sad that it haven't campaign"
76561198014887840,Not Recommended,418250,22209978,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Brand-X,"Really great ideas, but it's just plain not fun.  It's tough to put my finger on what it is exactly, but every minute of this game feels like a chore.  I like the combat system, but unfortunately I can't seem to find a fight anywhere, as even when in a war the AI refuses to engage me in any battle, even though I'm rolling across their systems with impunity.  I'm not sure there actually is any empire AI at all, in fact, as none of their systems have any sort of development.  In addition, the UI is clunky, and the constant pausing the game forces on you just grinds the game to a halt beyond sitting there, staring at an unmoving screen waiting to hit space to unpause the game (which the game likes to do with such trivial things such as when your fleets reach their destination, or finish refuelling)In short, the game seems quite broken at this point, maybe later patches will help improve it, but beyond the bugs and poor AI I'm not sure if that will be enough to combat the total lack of engagement I found in any aspect of this game."
76561197986199124,Not Recommended,418250,22226732,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,38,Its a good game.  Create your own ships and command your own fleet.  The catch is its crash happy.  Also if you create your own designs it stays around forever... must always delete them every new game.  Really anoying at this point.  Wait till they fix the bugs.
76561198002972297,Not Recommended,418250,22444318,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,takoom,"Honestly i really wanted to like this game but just can't, there's nothing missing from the game that's needed in a 4x game it's just everything is very much lacking. It's empty in a lot of fields that i feel are needed to have an enjoyable experience.The combat an unit designing aspect of the game is very fun and fulfilling. You need to chose an build your fleets well to survive. As well as that the research style is pretty awesome. Fresh way in doing research that means you may not have the same things researched opposed to a tree style research style which means most races have the same tech.Other then that the universe building is lacking, all the races are very cartoonish and bland at the same time. The empire building isn't all that interesting either as the races feel all the same as none of them as any benefit over the other nor failings. There's pretty much no micro management in game as you don't have really anything to do except pick the tech to research and planets to colonize. Once you do pick them thats it, the game runs itself. You just move fleets to different areas as enemies do to block them.As i said the combat is very good but everything leading up to it is lacking. It's not a terrible game i just don't find it entertaining."
76561198002595567,Not Recommended,418250,22429006,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Rodrigo,"Interesting take on the tech/research tree mechanics, and a really, really good ship design system.  Unfortunately, combat is at best boring and at worst frustrating.  The typical AI shortcuts mean fighting wave after wave of stupidly behaving enemy fleets who win through overwhelming numbers rather than any technological or strategic advantage.   There's no rock/paper/scissor design in combat, so there's no advantage to building different fleet mixes.  Waves of hundreds of suicide fighters is a valid option, as it's so easy and fast to rebuild them that you end up using them like expendable missiles.A very bad end-game, too, where a previously undiscovered, technologically-superior race just pops out of nowhere and starts randomly destroying entire systems."
76561197970807880,Not Recommended,418250,22228157,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,SilentButDeadly,"The UI is clunky and hard to use. The AI isn't interesting. There's an overall feel of this being a game in alpha, with an overall lack of polish."
76561197984771179,Not Recommended,418250,22051724,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,aiyel,"In its current state, I cannot recommend this game.  While it promises intereting combat, it fails to deliver.  Don't get me wrong, I like the ship design system, but ultimately battles become blobs of hitpoints throwing DPS at each other.  Ships don't get damaged, their perfomance doesn't degrade excepting the loss of expendable munitions, they just go from full effectiveness to exploded.I'd have figured in 2016 we'd be better than RTSes of 1990."
,Not Recommended,418250,22079077,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,MaxMahem,"I want to like this game, but too many things keep it down. Lack of automated ship design, lack of teraforming tech, lack of smaller galaxy sizes, lack of lots of things. Its in a weird place between 'grand strategy' and your typical 4X micro managing. It designed to be played on a large scale, but there are lots of little things missing that make you micro manage it which is IMO, anti-fun."
,Not Recommended,418250,22145166,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,croga,"I bought the game from reading the reviews. It sounded like a good game. It isn't.The ""new"" research method is unengaging. It doesn't make decissions feel important. It doesn't make the sliders feel important.The ""new"" ""no money"" system is difficult to handle. It isn't interesting, it's just difficult.The pirates are a nuissance. If you send a decent fleet to kill them, they'll flee. Which makes another point: Until you research the flee-preventer, you won't be able to kill anything that doesn't want to be killed.But what's the absolute worst of the worst: You cannot protect your planets. At all. Station any amount of ships and orbital defences on a planet, the enemy will still be able to launch his invasion before you can kill the troop carriers. This is a major design flaw.My tip: Don't buy this. It's not worth your money. You're better off playing MoO2."
,Recommended,418250,31157035,Posted: 15 April,all,azcore,Great depth of tactical combat.
76561198030746271,Recommended,418250,22328608,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Tegga21,good game; AI needs improvement
,Not Recommended,418250,22034403,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Tau,"Game boringGraphics 4/10keyboard/mouse/controls 5/10Story 6/10Music 5/10Gameplay 4/10Manual/Tutorial 3/10Overall 5/10Price for this game I would pay is between 5 and maximum 10 Euro. I bought it for 34 Euro and regret it. I expected it to be like ""Endless Space"" and got dissappointed. I recommend you to check ""let's play"" videos about this game on youtube or better to buy ""Endless Space"", a way better game, for less money instead."
76561197996441318,Not Recommended,418250,21997826,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Papi Chulo,"Update after some more hours of game play:Exploration is completely boring. There is no excitement in discovering new systems. There are mainly 3 types of planets: terran-like, with lots of resources and which can be imediately colonized, barren worlds and some other planets with 1-3 resources and you need to do some research to be able to colonize.There are no special events, in new systems, sometimes you get some relics which give you some bonus resources and there are also some other ancient relics scattered on the star map that you could grab for benefices (won't get into detail, I don't want to spoil it for you). But that is all that you can expect from exploration, without counting the inevitable discovery of other alien races.Now I let you decide if this aspect is good or bad.Original post:Another bland 4x.Seems quite intense, but after only one hour of gameplay, you just realize there is nothing to keep you excited.If Distant Worlds Universe is overwhelming, well this Polaris Sector is simply put underwhelming.Watch some ""let's play"" on youtube before deciding on buying."
76561198052601509,Not Recommended,418250,21990779,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Jywert3,"Hmm...Wanted to like this game,but it's bit simple. Or almoust all the depth is in combat and ship fitting.Ship designing can be bit tedius as try to jam your pieces in to your ship. Becomes bit too puzzly.But if you like those things and a light 4x then could be fot you.AI feels bit aggressive sometimes and sometimes very passive.Diplomacy could be more visible, as in what AI wants or needs.Also could use some more alerts. When system is gointo rebel, the game should pause. Also the pop growth can be very high. I know there is the alert for overpopulation. But one of my colonies did not have lower pop growth edict on so it grew to 1,6 mil population quite fast. At the same time I got 2 sea worlds to proce food so did not notice it at start.So now I have 1.4 mil useless population what drains my food...Research is nice change. Like the theoretical/practical split. Feels bit too hands off. Also exploration can sometimes give you huge advantages that can swing the balance to other way.The whole game feels bit too hands off. Not the good kind like in Distant worlds. Like the fuel limit or such. No auto explore,? And races are bit too cartoony or should be more cartoony. Also all races are humanoids. And don't really have personality, Do have some unique lines but they don't feel any different from each other.IF you have to get it buy it . But have you looked at space pocket empire or  The viceroy. Both interesting but bit shallow in other areas. Or save  your money for Stellaris. Need someting unique."
76561198229137628,Recommended,418250,28803757,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Skittles [6th AB],"RECOMMENDED!!!!This game is fun, end of.Buy itStill not convinced ? Go watch Angry joes review of this on Youtube"
,Not Recommended,418250,22017083,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,damgood85,"Looks good a first glance but once you dig deeper it’s fairly bad.Full disclosure, I only have a few hours in the game but I just could not keep going.The game speed options are schizophrenic. Most are way too slow for the build and research times of early gameplay but the faster options mean you get spammed with alerts that either auto pause the game, or if you turned the pause off, disappear before you can read the first word. There is no comfortable middle ground as far as I could tell.Turn pirates off unless you like swarms of ships that kill all your early game tech based ships in seconds and appear at random one system out from your settled worlds. Seriously I had not even researched the first few weapons techs and my home world was attacked by a fleet of 15 pirate ships with 90 fighters.When they say they don’t use a tech tree, they mean they use a tech tree that doesn’t look like a tech tree. Ok, yes it’s not the old standard of basic laser> ok laser> good laser> OMGWTFBBQ laser. Instead they fill the list with numerous meaningless middleman techs that are prerequisites for several other useful techs. The path you take to get the a better laser may also result in you getting some other tech you didn’t expect but its convoluted enough that the end result for gameplay is you ignore the various sliders and simply tell the system to auto prioritize the tech you want leading you right back to the old standard of basic laser> ok laser> good laser> OMGWTFBBQ laser.There are a few new ideas in the ship design function but I didn’t get far enough into the game to see if they are well executed.  One thing I did not see was any way to easily update ships from one design to another. Unless there are better ways with better techs in the later game it looks like you have to send each ship to a system with a ship yard and tell each hull class to upgrade. That will get time consuming if you have a huge empire with hundreds of ships.Overall the game feels like it could use a lot more time in the oven."
,Not Recommended,418250,22024363,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Beugnen,You would probably like it if you have never played DISTANT WORLDS before and like to have some level of automation lacking in many 4X games.  It's clear that's what the makers of POLARIS SECTOR were trying to archieve.  Otherwise stick to DISTANT WORLDS.
,Not Recommended,418250,22070960,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,✪ BlazE,"Bad Graphics, Gameplay is slow and clunky, if you want a game thats better than this go get Sins of a Solar Empire Rebellion which im aware isnt a true 4x game but this feels like a beta being sold as a final productseriously don't buy this game.it's really not worth the price they're asking for.the ship builder sucks and you really need to farm to get better tier bp's big letdown.Tutorial - 2/10 needs more work and has some spelling errors [ never a good sign]Controls 4/10 - clunky and feels unfinished and emptyVisuals 4/10 - looks like its from 2008Audio - 5/10 not the worst music i've heard but not far off either,UI 3/10 everything is rather confusing from the get go and its never really improves,Ship builder 5/10 Great idea just finished product seems a bit off the mark.overall this game had a really great idea but went wrong real fast, wait until they work on it abit more and it improvesbut this is a travesty the state they've left this game in and tried to pass it off as a 'finished product' the game is rather empty and dull when you get down to its gritty basics.TL:DR - good idea just produced badly. wait until they improve it.EDIT: added a score and fixing spelling errors"
76561198044814175,Not Recommended,418250,22036110,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,OpenAI(Bot),"I did not like the game and i cant recommend it to anyone who likes smooth UI, deep gameplay, beautiful art, rich and live galaxy, victory conditions other than kill everything, meaningful research, planet management, empire building, uniq races, exciting diplomacy.Though i can recommend it to people who love insane amount of tedious micromanagement and do things the hard way.The game evolved very little from its first appearance as ""Remember Tomorrow"" 20 years ago and feels like the developer ignored any progress in UI and art that happened since.Whats Bad:- Clunky, unfriendly, bad drawn UI. I did not even realize i can self distract ships before someone wrote about that on the forum.- Slow, tedious and visually repulsive tactical fights require insane amount of micromanagement. Place the ships, release fighters, control fighters, reload missiles, release again, move ships around to control firing arcs. After combat manually rebuild all the lost fighters and manually assign them to carriers. Every time. Pure nightmare.- Extremely boring exploration as the galaxy is completely dead and nothing happens.- No difference between races, only meaningless bonuses like 3% better production, 10% slower research- Happiness and morale system looks like not integrated in the game but has selectable traits- Annoying pirates better turn them off- Convoluted research it just plays itself and does not require player involvement. Focus atmospheric domes in the very beginning and forget about it.- Shallow planet development just set focus to what u need (research, production, food, minerals) and thats all. Planet screen has no real purpose only as the only pretty thing in the game.- Boring diplomacy. Major use for barter resources/techs.- Conquer is the only victory condition- Population does not do anything except food consumption. Faster growth bonus worse than useless since you need more food to feed those not good for anything people.- Working hours and planet policy features looks not finished and do bad more than good.- Mid to late game there is nothing to do except moving ships around and micromanage fighters production- No colonization strategy just colonize everything you canWhats Good:- AI somewhat not stupid- Tetris like ship design- Has some espionage, did not try it personally as was not neededEventually i got bored really fast and could not even finish one game. The game does not provide value for the price."
76561197966526680,Recommended,418250,21992767,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Saracen26,"One word... Fantasic, absolutely fantastic!Ok, that's 2 words.In all seriousness though, Polaris Sector does something that no other Space 4X game has done in years. It simplifies the rubbish often found in 4X games, and also adds a new twist on the genre's often seen staples.My favourite Real Time 4X (and overall PC title) game has always been Imperium Galactica 2. Polaris Sector comes a close 2nd. Whilst it may not have an implemented storyline or the polish of IG2. It's unique enough to hold its own ground in a very solid manner. The UI is very well implemented as not to confuse the mechanics and the general gameplay is easy enough to follow without having to concern yourself with a Distant Worlds: Universe kind of depth.Some may be turned off with the slow burn of the game, as depending on how many races you place into the game and the number of systems, a single game can take many many hours. But since this game does have 9 races, as well as the ability to customise these races, plus a number of galaxy types.. With the added bonus of random generation, this game's replay value can be considered immense, and this is well worth the asking price!All in all, as a verteran of the 4X genre, this is a game I could highly recommend. Whilst it could likely do with more random encounters and some elements of a storyline to increase the lore of the entire universe further. It certainly wins my personal reccomendation."
76561197971515855,Not Recommended,418250,22091708,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,IntelJoe,"It looks fun, but really it looks like a game for people that are waiting for Stellaris. There are also a lot of UI issues, and for the most part the game feels like it could be a real good game but falls short in several area's (ship designer, empire management, etc). Honestly this game made me want to Space Empires 4. It just doesn't get the right information to the player, it feels wonky and clunky like they weren't sure what would work.EDIT:Polaris Sector feels like it took a lot of idea's from different 4x games (Space Empires 4, Master of Orion, Stellaris. etc). This is what attracted me to it.The strategic screen looks like that of the upcoming game Stelaris but doesn't have that polished look. I feel like the game tries hard to get the correct information to the player but falls short and the UI just feels smushed and not clear. For example the resource panel on the strategic screen are stuck in a box and only have the icons with current production levels. There is no explanation as to what resources are what, no sense of how a deficit in one resource impacts or doesn't impact the player. I also feel that there is a lack of information given to the player about what buildings to build and planet management. The descriptions don't actually convey what the benefit or loss of building one building or another is. I very much had to guess that one building was a military building and so on from the description with no real idea of what it actually does. Also the amount of buildings you can build is not explicitly stated and I found myself fumbling with what to build and why. The ship designer also feels the same way, that I am not sure what to use and where and how much of specific parts. I found it repetitive, boring, and frustrating. The research tree I found as a black hole, basically just a big giant pile of stuff to research with no real goal in sight other than ""something"" that I assumed was better than whatever I had. I understand they were going for a feel that was for focusing on a certain research path and it would reveal techs related to that path in no specific order but I feel this was the biggest pitfall. Not because this was a bad idea but because of how it was implemented. The research is not really searchable, I'd have to get through 2-3 or more clicks before I would get to a description that really only describes a technology and doesn't tell me why it would benefit me. So I would search the descriptions of the varied researches available looking for something like ""shields"" or ""phasers"" but after about 10 minutes of searching, it was the last straw and gave up then asked for a refund.Overall it feels like it could be a lot better, but it lacks some basic functionality. Like hovering your mouse over for tool tips. Or searching the tech tree. Or the game telling you what to do and why. I have no problem trying to figure out how these things work, but when I feel like I ""need"" to read the manual or play a tutorial in order to get the basic fundamentals of a game that maybe it wasn't put together well in the first place.Also the main menu screen has no ""Options"" menu (or at least it wasn't obvious to me) and the music is terrible and too loud, I wanted to shut it off immediately but I couldn't. So I rushed through an empire creation to get in game so I could merely shut off the music."
76561198008276226,Not Recommended,418250,22042744,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Doc Clarke,"1. The AI is TERRIBLE. Not a challenge at all. Once it sees you winning it spams ships at you, but if you take it easy the game is a walk through.2, Crash bugs, Getting 2 error messages just at launch, crash in gameplay, crash between moves. Crash crash crash3. Control fails. Send a fleet out, order it to attack, Watch it circle your enemey while they destroy it. If has full munitions plus weapons that require no ammo, it just sits there getting blasted4. Tutorial PITA. The hard bits it skips through once, often leaving the player wondering what they've missed. However once through that the game spams the simple stuff at you every flipping move5. Terrible on big screen. I have an ultrawide and this game look like something from 2005 on it. ""Whooaah massive menu with ""Mr Magoo"" friendly fonts - get outta my face already"".  The UI design is like something for pre-schoolers huge ugly fonts, massive undetailed icons and terrible scaling. Maybe I'm spoiled by games like Endless Space and  Legend, but this game looks terrible.6. Corrupt saves. Arrgghh. Imagine if I liked this game. Luckily I don't so it's a moot point.Note: Don't see it in my profile? Because I refunded after 1 hour 57 minutes of tediumA game that is really simple, with broken UI, broken AI, crash bugs all over tha kazoo, and dull repetitive gameplay.Reference points? Think""Space Empires 5 Lite"" or ""Distant Worlds for Beginners""Shame because I love games where you get to design your units. But this SUCKS"
76561197970483901,Recommended,418250,31876814,Posted: 21 May,all,Bellicose,Good game.
76561198021032985,Not Recommended,418250,21994087,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Kempeorlaxan,"For £6.99 its a good game, but for this price I expected something more involved and complex.Get it when its on sale."
76561198227742884,Not Recommended,418250,23560897,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,igor.hoffman,"At the beginning I was very happy with this game. Now, I hate it. Too many crashes and tons of bugs."
76561197972109744,Recommended,418250,24338299,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,BigPapaGun,good game dont know why approval is not higher
76561198134054391,Not Recommended,418250,22286023,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,shanay,"the game doesnt even start! the launcher opens, i press play andit crashes. WTF? help please"
76561198007493624,Not Recommended,418250,22026860,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Timmah,"A buggy mess, with a crude and poorly designed interface."
76561198007789907,Not Recommended,418250,29499578,Posted: 26 January,all,sog,"With a few other 4x space strategy games coming out I feel this game falls below the bar. First off, why no central government/civil management? Government type, edicts, laws etc. The research system is not exactlyu easy to understand. Nah, I'd rather play Stellaris or Endless Space2"
76561198038079571,Recommended,418250,25209582,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,suncat,Great game! And Excellent battles!!!10\10
76561197990686216,Not Recommended,418250,22023399,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,lemurs2,"A 4x game needs some tech tree, I am not in favour of a new tech every 4 seconds but I played for decades and had my same power plant and engine, mothing had changed except two slightly improved weapons. Decades.You can design your entire navy on day 1 and nothing will change so design away."
76561197964686590,Recommended,418250,21984501,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Speedy-Micro,"Initial Joke review:Game released right when I needed to get ready for an interview, delaying me: -2The game treats you like an adult, with alien babes from outer space that screw human men: +12A must buy for women with blue skin and boyfriends.10/10Actual review following lots of gameplay:Jokes aside, how often can you say, lore, tactical gameplay, ship design, research, and even AI and diplomacy are innovative and good?I thought games like this were a thing of the past with developers now trying to appeal to all age groups, favoring simplicity by cutting down challenge with intentional dumbbed down design. This game has restored my faith in games. It provides much wanted challenge albeit with a bit of a learning curve. (It'll feel new, not difficult)This game is something special. I implore you to buy it as a top pick from a long time lover of 4x games.If you are feeling frustrated with the new Master of Orion, this is the game that will make it all better again with no anticipation for the end of that games' early access. It's so much fun in my opinion. I love it, it's a classic for me on par with the feeling I got trying Master of Orion II as my first 4x strat game. It feels like a new and wonderful thing to be built upon for future titles, made by intelligent developers catering to adults. I am grateful that there are still people that treat their players like adults in game creation and all jokes aside, even with space babes, that space babe race has a great story that makes you ponder your own existence."
,Not Recommended,418250,21996201,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Sokanas,"The interface is cubersome, dated and ghastly. For a 2015 game the visuals are dated and somewhat boring.Gameplay is a somewhat alright experience if you suffer through the gharish controls and interface.4/10Edit: 3 was harsh, 4 is more accurate."
76561198027728820,Not Recommended,418250,22049188,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Mindgamer,"Well, this is one game that sucked and I will never play again. Avoid. I could write more but I have wasted enough time already on this."
76561198013805853,Not Recommended,418250,23639195,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,gregory.knapp,"Add Earth-like planets for the K and F-Class star systems, and make it fast."
76561197971185825,Not Recommended,418250,21992199,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,RaptoruK,"So disappointed, as a regular customer of Slitherine and Matrix strategy game I thought, yes a new game and purchasaed it immediately.Right jumped onto the tutorial and was appalled, the graphics are like old style Master of Orion, I saw no evidence that this game utilised any tech from the last 10 years,I know your saying as I did your not bothered about the graphics so long as the gameplay is present but seriously this looks rubbish.The tutorial is light on information and without tooltips any game like this is an uphill struggle, innovative tech system my left one, its over complicated and I found myself slipping into a coma just from the tutorial.I tried to form a fleet of 3 ships to engage the enemy and it said no because they all wernt pointing in the same direction ???? can you imagine insisting on that in mid battle in a modern game its ridiculous.Just for the record I didnt have the game bought for me its my hard earned disability money and at £26.99 its a bad joke, £4.99 maybe but knowing what i know now I wouldnt even pay that.I liked the ship design section for its simplicity, but was concerned about its lifespan with all the much improved competition around.I love 4x and overall the parent companys record is excellent, but this, sorry a definite no from me."
76561198010131631,Recommended,418250,34717928,Posted: 3 September,all,Ael,"Seriously, I just bought the game, finished the tutorial and taking my time enjoying the game. Was about to start the second game and was reading the backgrounds. I really Loled reading the histories of the races, The Sharatar was very good. But when I got to the humans it was the Cherry at the Top.So Congrats for the developer for Slaping World's face for acting how it is nowadays, I really liked the part about Humans Always fighting for minorities (etc). It's a very good joke on the stupid way people are ""politically acting"", and using others and a ""cause"" for their own nefarious agenda. You captured perfectly that most people are sick and tired of this LeftWing political crap getting shoved up their throats :DOverall 8/10"
76561198005979439,Not Recommended,418250,22076475,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Daka,Game has many bugs.
76561197982020596,Not Recommended,418250,22855246,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Second Last,tried but no just no.
76561198030937148,Recommended,418250,22185157,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,jguiton,"I think this game has potential but is ruined by a few really poor features. The ship designer is awful, it adds modules automatically in positions you don't want them making it really fustrating and dificult to optimise a ship design. I will try this again in a few months time when hopefully this has been sorted.This was a Steam pop up issue, now I can design stuff I'm getting quite engrossed"
