user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,418340,32176741,Posted: 4 June,all,Arrrrrrrrrriba,"So, I've been playing this game quite a bit, and even with the many negative reviews, I bought it anyway to play with a friend.Even though I bought to play with her, I've been playing the heck out of it by myself.Is this game worth the full price? Hell no, it isn't. Buy it on sale, and if you don't like it, take you money back, simple.But, is this game fun?THIS GAME IS SO MUCH FUN, I can't even express.Sure, the gameneeds work, almost every game that is alive can have work to be better. Sure, this game doesn't follow the web-series storyline, but it's obvious, the animated web-series is still on work, the story is unraveling. The game is related, but it's no much of what you have seen in the anime.Overall, even the game being overpriced, because the content doesn't correspond to what you're paying, it is still a ""new game"", and the hell is worth to play it.Even if you buy it alone, the multiplayer is so nice (but not when the host leaves and stuff, but not a major problem), the horde mode IS SO FUN YOU DON'T EVEN KNOW.10/10 would buy to see Jaune in a dress(dlc content, one day I'll buy it :'c).Still waiting for Trading Cards (hello hello, devs)."
,Not Recommended,418340,28495225,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Druark,"I really didn't want the negative reviews to be true, I'm afraid they are though. I completed this games campaign in 1 hour and 53 minutes on the second to last difficulty which you'd think would be pretty hard right? Nope just use ranged and move backwards every now and then on the character I was playing.I really like RWBY so I really tried to like this game but its just not a full game. The enemies are very similar and hard to tell apart and usually just use melee attacks with the exception of I think ONE enemy at the end of the game.Graphically the game looks nice at a glance but on closer inspection theres a bunch of problems there too, the backgrounds of the maps you run through for example are just bare and have nothing in them save 2 or 3 trees and a rock, literally A rock. On top of this there is some horrendous pop-in which is very noticeable on levels with stones on the ground where you can see them either dissapear or switch to a much lower LOD model (I'm assuming thats what they're doing) within 10 metres of your character(s).This game does have some good points however, for example the actual characters you play as look just like the actual RWBY characters and so do the enemies for the most part. The game also has some decent (not great or memorable but good enough) music but to be honest I just muted it and listen to the actual RWBY soundtrack WITH the vocals.Honestly after all the bad things in this game I can't recommend it which is a damn shame because I really wanted to like this, is it so much to ask for a good RWBY game?Oh and it has £4 DLC which adds team JNPR (Jaune, Pyrrha, Ren, Hammer Girl) which if you ask me is just a ripoff in itself, especially as the game itself doesn't have enough content to actually use these new team members in.TLDR: Short campaign, graphical problems, boring scenes, bad story supported by very few good elements for way to high a price.4/10"
,Not Recommended,418340,28318429,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,SGP Ocelot,"This game was at its peak after the first combat update, since then it has been a steady downhill slide of bad decisions from drastically reducing the quality of the character models, to locking off actual gameplay updates behind a paywall under the guise of DLC. It is truly a shame to see a game that started as a fine (though very simple) homage to a wonderful show be ruined by a clueless developer."
,Recommended,418340,19554543,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Y2BAE,Needs more JNPR
,Recommended,418340,19449367,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Deneb,This is good and the beginnings of something Great.Monty would be proud.
,Recommended,418340,19430213,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Zeno,"Just played through the entire campaign with all four characters and here's my thoughts. I'll breakdown each character's gameplay further down.FIRST THOUGHTS:Starting off, it's aesthetically very much like the anime. The voice acting is very good, as expected, but can easily be drowned out by the chaos of battle. The controls are easy enough to pick up to start bashing away at things. Though, in order to survive, you'll need to learn how to time your dodges effectively [Shift]; otherwise you'll be on the ground very quickly. Sounds can be a little repetitive and overbearing at times (I'm looking at you, Blake), but it's still early access.PROGRESSION:Yes, there is a progression system. Well, more like an in-game achievement system with in-game rewards. As for those claiming there is no progression system, that's half true. Your character LEVEL does not save. You'll be starting the campaign over again at level one. However, your talent unlocking progress DOES save. For example, 0/100 kills needed with a specific ability with a character can be built up through multiple playthroughs.Achieving the level cap of 10 in a single playthrough to unlock their 'master' talent can be tough, and may require multiple playthroughs after unlocking some talents to help secure kills. That's where the urge to keep playing comes into play. Once talents are unlocked, they are unlocked for good, and can be purchased with attribute points without needing to unlock them again. Not a bad system, but may not be for everyone. I was only able to finally get to level 10 as Yang due to my allies dying while I cleaned up the battlefield, on multiple occasions.MECHANICS:It's very much a hack and slash, and does a very good job at it. Aside from there being only one button to attack with, the combat can get dull rather quickly. That is, unless you tie it together with dodges in-between, which resets the combo, or pressing right mouse-click during the combo to interrupt it with some sort of knock-back or finisher. There is no visual 'lock-on' as of yet, so its hard to stick to one target unless your pointing your camera directly at them and/or using your WASD towards them. But, it's very easy to ""get the hang of it"" so it's not much of a negative once you understand how it works.Your Aura meter is your health pool. You can take damage until its depleted and a little bit more until you collapse completely. Stop taking damage for awhile and you'll regen it automatically. Easy enough, just run like a coward while watching dem booties. Some character abilities grant invulerability, so it is possible to remain in comat and still regen. I.E. Ability -> Dodge -> Ability -> Dodge, etc. Seemed a little more exploitable on Yang than the others. Sometimes a little too exploitable to be called broken.The experience is my biggest pet peeve about the game. Whoever last hits, gets the experience. Doesn't matter if I've been bashing away at very tough monster - another player can swoop in with an ability to swipe the experience. This leads to a bit of a sour and competitive experience if you're trying to achieve level 10.REPLAYABILITY:So far, the only campaign is pretty short. About 45 minutes to an hour long. I did feel the desire to play with everyone, so there is some replayability there. If you're a 100%er, and want to unlock every talent for every character while enjoying the hack and slash RWBY style, there's quite a bit of time to be spent here.I sure hope to see more characters from the other teams, more campaigns, more monster types (only about 8 so far, and they look very similar), and perhaps some more modes. But for what there is so far, it's a toss-up. If you're looking for a quick hack and slash while playing with your favorite RWBY character and don't mind the price point - pick it up. If you'd rather wait for more content than just a single campaign that lasts an hour at most - hold off.In this next section, this is a purly SUBJECTIVE opinion of my experience playing through the campaign with each character. Edits to the review after multiple playthroughs are below the initial impression.Possible SPOILER ALERT: Don't continue to read if you want to find out how these characters work for yourself.CHARACTER MECHANICS:RUBYShe's very fun, and one of the more polished characters to start playing around with. Her ability kit out-shines everyone else's in my opinion. Extremely powerful AoE, single-target, and ranged AoE abilities gives her an edge over everyone else. Her damage is above average, and flows very well without losing a lock-on. There's no need to dodge-cancel a combo to stick to a target. Her ranged attack is a long-ranged rifle shot that has huge kickback. Great for first starting out in your first campaign to get rolling on how the game works.Further Playthrough Edit: Her kit is still solid, and has the hardest hitting melee AoE ability from what I've seen so far, especially when talented. Her linear melee ability is frustrating at times when you finally charge it up only to have the the enemy go invulnerable. Not as reliable as other characters' ""big-hitting"" abilities. Dodge-cancelling her ranged attack after two clicks reduces the delay significantly.________DIFFICULTY: NoviceSKILL CEILING: 5/10WEISSHer quick rapier attacks force you to play a little different than the others, here. I had to dodge-cancel her combo to repetitively use the first half of her combo to stick to a target effectively. Her abilities can be game-changing. She's the only one with a [talented] heal, and the only one with an AoE that [talented] freezes the enemies which helps immensely on tough targets. Her other two abilities, however, are mediocre at best. The dash is nice for tying into combos, but the ranged ability has absolutly atrocious targetting. Don't expect to hit anything with it unless you're in point blank range. Not to mention her ranged auto-attack will only hit about half of the time with this same targetting - or lack of targetting.Further Playthrough Edit: Once talented, her dash attack is the hardest hitting ability in the game, from what I've seen so far - and can be used in quick succession. So there's that.________DIFFICULTY: IntermediateSKILL CEILING: 6/10BLAKEQuick and nimble, you'll find yourself all over the enemy - quite literally. Simply put, she needs work. In my opinion the least polished of the four with her current playstyle. The second half of her auto-attack combo puts you over the top of enemies, making it miss every enemy shorter than herself. I had to dodge-cancel her combo every... single... time against short enemies. Granted those aerial autos are extremely powerful, they're only reliable against the taller enemies. Her ranged attack is a light-hitting pistol with little-to-no kickback. As for the abilities, only two of the three are reliable, in the sense of maximizing your damage. Most of her kit seems bent on maneuverability rather than damage (although her ranged ability does massive damage if used at point blank) - but prepare your ears if you're going to play Blake with headphones. You have been warned.________DIFFICULTY: AdvancedSKILL CEILING: 10/10YANGFeels the most polished of the four, and feels great playing her. Her auto-attack lock-on mechanic is the best out of all of them. She hits hard, and hits fast - especially if you dodge-cancel and utilize the first 3/4 of her full auto-attack. She can remain invulnerable for a long time if you time her abilities and dodging correctly. All of her abilities have their uses. Powerful AoE ability, powerful single-target ability, and a hard-hitting ""dash-in"" ability. Her ranged attack is a short-ranged light-hitting shotgun spray - great for cleaning up enemies that aren't worth another combo. Solid choice for bashing skulls in.________DIFFICULTY: IntermediateSKILL CEILING: 8/10"
,Recommended,418340,19419473,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,InfamousBug,"-Edit-I want to preface this review with a tag that I am only recommending (Thumbs up) this game based on the fanboy that I am, in hopes that it improves beyond what it was a few months ago in the Ruby only game. If it continues at that growth, I believe it will be an excellent game in about a year's time.That said, I understand that my love of the show can potentially blind me to features and things I don't see, but as such, I am being as fair as I can with that said in my critique of the game. I do not need the comments pointing such things out. I understand that it goes against the ""Fair review"" idea, but being an adamant fan of the show, it can be difficult to be 100% unbiased.-End edit-On Day 1, I'm writing my first impressions for this game, as I'm a huge RWBY fanboy and love the series and what it's all about. That in mind, please read this review knowing that despite my fandom, I will criticize where necessary with regards to what I see. This is early access, and this is still day 1 only.Gameplay revolves around a specific character (Ruby Rose, Weiss Schnee, Blake Belladonna, and Yang Xiao Long) and their specific movesets. Each controls a little differently, but it boils down to this: You have one button that is your melee based attack, one button that is a ranged based attack, and you can string combos by spamming the primary button over and over until satisfied. Or you can feel frisky and push your secondary button while in the middle of a combo to ""Finish"" the combo with a ranged attack and drop out of it. You have a ""Dodge"" button with your shift key.  Finally, as far as movesets go, you have 3 special moves, unique to each character that defines them. Some have ranged projectiles, some have area of effect wave clear sets. You have to try them to see what they do, and once you do, you'll find out that your melee basic attack ends up doing better than the specials in 95% of circumstances.You gain experience from killing monsters, collecting items, and completing objectives. As you level, you'll unlock very basic things like extra special attacks, improved specials, and the like. The specials can be improved by either gaining the ability to charge them to do more damage, getting a new effect, or other traits. Other unlocks can be your aura (Health) recharging faster or... That's about it right now. And since we're on that topic - You have health. You won't realize this because you'll stun-lock all enemies you come across with melee or ranged attacks, but if there's more than 5-6 of them on you, you'll go from full to death in a matter of seconds. The balance of health is already an issue, as your characters (All four of them) are nimble enough to dodge a little bit to get out of harm's way, but if you get surrounded, you might as well kiss your butt goodbye.Balance issues aside with health, the game play is fun for a few minutes - The characters all have unique personalities and voice lines, and from what I can tell, are all the original voice actors. You also have Peter Port (A teacher from the academy in the show) guiding your steps through the levels to help you out and aid you. However, the game play is extremely basic. There's only three buttons you'll care about while in combat - Melee about 90% of the time, ranged attack about 5% of the time, and your dodge about 5% of the time. Beyond that, specials are only when you feel frisky or are trying to solo things and want to speed it up (I've played solo on every character and felt no worry of getting overrun until the end of the first chapter at the wave clear section).Is this game good? Honestly, not yet. Yet being that key word. There's a lot of room for improvement, as this is still day one of an early access title. Should you get it now? Ehhhh, questionable. Someone has to be a lab rat. Which lab rats should it be? Hardcore RWBY fans will adore the voice actors and the visuals, which look like they were made for the show and put into a game. Every character sounds and feels like they would in a real combat fight, and the animations are absolutely stunning. The game play is severely lacking currently, and the story is... Non-existent to be fair.I won't give you a rating yet, but I would say if you're a RWBY fan, this is a game to pick up, if only for the sheer amounts of fanboy that will happen. If you're not a fan, I would stray away for now - The game is very unfinished, but in the future may be much better. Anything can happen.As a RWBY fan, I recommend this, but don't for anyone that isn't (At the time of this review).TL:DRPros:+ RWBY cast voice actors.+ Awesome sound and animations that look like they should.+ Visuals are spot-on for the world of Remnant.Cons:- Extremely basic combat and no complexity- Grows boring quickly due to low mechanical necessity.- Unfinished (Early access)- No customizationSound 9.5/10, Graphics 9/10, Gameplay 2/10, recommended to (hardcore) fans *only* in current state."
,Not Recommended,418340,28822095,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,MusicalMayo,"It makes me really sad to have to give this a no, seeing as how I love Rooster Teeth and RWBY, but unfortunately, there just isn't enough here to justify the $20 price tag (even at $15 on sale, it's too much).I really enjoyed the gameplay that is there. It is a hack-n-slash button-mash balderdash kind of game starring the RWBY cast. Great. The campaign story was not amazing or anything, but playing through it with one of my friends, it was enjoyable. The worlds are well designed and when you play at higher quality settings, it actually looks really good.There are two major problems though.1: the game is REALLY short. I mean REALLY short. Look at my time played. In just under 3 hours, my friend and I completed the entire campaign, and that's with stopping to look around the entire map for hidden artifacts (and the artifacts are just chess pieces?! really Rooster Teeth? really? You couldn't make something cooler than chess pieces for the artifacts, but I digress...). 3 hours. $15? What?2: the game has zero replay value. Perhaps this is why the game is so short as well: the gameplay and combat are tedious and repetitive enough that, even though I enjoyed it for the first 3 hours, at some point it gets old. Without a great narrative to keep you interested, it would very quickly become boring. So I won't even bother with the horde mode. At least for now.TL;DRIn short, the game is short, repetitive, and not worth playing more than once. The characters all have very similar play styles, and the game isn't difficult enough to bear a $20 MSRP (or even $15 on sale). If you can get it for $5, you'll likely think you got what you paid for, but otherwise, it's just not worth it."
,Not Recommended,418340,24187014,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Temporary(?) Suguri,"NOW BEFORE YOU JUDGE ME, PRETTY PLEASE READ EVERY WORD CAREFULLY AND TRY TO UNDERSTAND MY POINT!Trust me I'm not happy to make this decision aswell, but I had to. I feel guilty for doing it but for the sake of the fans and for the non-fans I had to give a negative review. If you want to argue with me or you gave me a negative review please tell it in the comments and if you are right or got a point, I'll edit my review. T;L D;R at the end.So the review:Let me start with my personal experience:When I first heard that there will be a game to one of my favourite series I was astonished. But I didn't forget that I knew that small amount of people will work on it ( because its called an Indie game for reason *duh* ), so I passed the Early Access. Then Gaben deployed his Summer Sale bomb and the Devs told us that the price will increase after the full release, so I pressed the panic button and bought the game for 10 EUR.  Also I suggested one of my friend to buy it and complete the game together. And so we did. The first time we finished the game was when it was still in Early Access. There were 8 Chapters (if I recall correctly) and around 1 hour game play lets say 1,5. Though It was a pretty okay Hack and Slash game, my reaction was (literally) : ""Well that was 10 EUR "". It had several issues , but I told myself: Don't worry it's in Early Access, the full realease will be better. And I was right. Sadly only partially. Yes there were improvements like : new HUD, new stages, few new enemies and ...... thats all? . So we completed it again and it was a better experience for the second time and I loved the game. But because I wanted to stay relevant I gave myself some day to rethink my review, but I couldn't decide if I REALLY want to suggest it or not, so I asked my friend for his advice and he asked these questions:-Did you enjoy the game?Yes.-How long did it take to finish the game?2,5 hour approximetly.-Would you pay around 20 euro for 2,5 hour game?And then it hit me and shocked me. And he was right. This game cost around 20 eur for 2 hour gameplay. So I replied:No-Would you pay 10 Euro for 2,5 hour gameplay?Depends on.-Did you enjoy it that much to suggest it ?Well I don't know, honestly.So I started asking myself:- Ok. lets approach it from a different way.- How was the fighting?Pretty good but If I have to be honestly I mostly smashed buttons and the fights were repetitive- How was the story?Meh.-Grapichs?It fits the series IMO.-Music?Great- Did you enjoy the game?YesAnd this was the paradoxon I was in. I liked it, but in all honest it was because: 1. played with friend 2. I was in love with the series.And sadly the same quote appeared when I finished the full game:""Well that was 10 EUR""So lets put it simple then:Pros:- Great soundtrack- The style of the game fits to the original series.- Fast gameplay- More players? More enemies and more difficult.- Some funny quotes- CharactersThe Meh part:- Story SPOILER ALERT!!!!The story was mediocre it was pretty basic and easy to follow which is always good, but WHO WOULD LET THE ENEMY GET TO YOUR INTELLIGENCE AND LET THEM STEAL IT?! SERIOUSLY IN WHICH UNIVERSE IS THAT A GOOD IDEA?! *susa* *susa* Literally the last 2 chapter was a joke in the sense of the story- The fighting: As I said earlier its repetitive. Survive the waves of teh enemies kill the boss. Victory (hopefully) Pretty basic, pretty simple- Literally I saw 3 different designs put together in this game. The hud looks good and clean and you can see the work on it, now that's what you can't tell about the skill tree and the menus. The menu looks clean and simple which is always good but it also looks like a word text file. The skill tree looks like it was pictures put together like a flash game. I don't say these are bad traits , but  it's not the greatest either.- The artworks. I agree with the others that said it was from devianart cause IT WAS. But not the better ones thats why its meh.- Point system, It needs some tweaking thats all I sayAnd bubus in the game:--- NO TUTORIAL. In a hack and slash game not knowing the combos and the buttons is just horrible.- No button rewinding (well at least I haven't found one)- Unbalance between characters. Blake is my favourite one in the seriesSo because few of my friends thinks that liking Blake is a furry thing I'll do a favor for you guys (even though you are wrong) : F*CKING FURRIES (did I do it right?)yet I feel like she is the weakest one. Literally when my friend  played with yang he killed everyone with one charged attack. An I was sitting there like : ..... e.e *okay* *This is fine* *I'm okay with the event that are unfolding currently* *That's okay**Things are gonna be okay*If you wouldn't guessed it yet yes I am Indeed a memer ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)If I am wrong and I'm simply just bad please tell me and prove it so I can take this off atleast :/- 2,5 hour gameplay.- Repeptitive, You will keep doing the same thing over and over again.(with some speedbumps but still)- NO TRADING CARDS. Seriously guys ....-The ending explosion effects, guys you dun goofed there-No cutscenesBEGGINER'S GUIDE:- LMB Quick attack, RMB Heavy attack (you can charge it), R (or E?! :S) Gun attack press 3 times and a special attack will occur, F: Counter/Headbutt, E(or R? :S) Team skill (=execute), Space: Jump , Shift: Combos (try to press it with an order of buttons and you'll do some combos, also jump+shift is a tp or further jump) Q: ultimate (don't be afraid to use it, you will recharge it fast enough)<- here is your tutorial- KEEP SPAMMING AND SMASHING BUTTONS AND YOU WILL GIT GUD- Don't put your expectations on a high level trust meFOR THE DEVELOPERS IF THEY READ IT SOMEHOW!What I missed / My suggestions:-Tutorial (really need it for a game like this)-Steam cards (let us show our fandom by letting us do a full steam profile around rwby)-More characters (*duh*)-Better storyline (I don't want to insult you but it looks like you rushed all of it)(-Bugfixes but I know you are constanly working on it)- More gameplay hours to put in- Customization (since in the new season rwby will get a new look I found this fitting)- More scenes- Stop this repetitivenessMaybe at the the end when the team escapes with the ship, there should be a part with the ship to fight agiant the air defense of the island, but thats not part of the hack and slash style but I find it interestingIf you managed the read all of this well first of all thank you, it means a lot to me. I tried to be as honest as I could and putting my fandom away for the sake of everyone. If you have suggestions I always appreciate it in the comment. Seriously I wanted to listen to my hearth but my brain won this time. Too many negatives to positives. And mainly because the lack of gameplay. I am sorry agaion for the developers to put a negative review, but I promise if I think it worth to play it at full price i promis you I'll change my review ;)T;l D;R:A pretty okay hack and slash game with good soundtrack. I DEFIENETLY NOT SUGGEST IT TO BUY AT FULL PRICE. The game was rush realeased and it visible on the game aswell. I only suggest to you at a discount, because of the lack of gameplay. But remember 2 hours of gameplay. Question yourself: Does it worth this much?Well I'll put my rapier away. Good hunting huntresses!"
,Recommended,418340,19769658,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Mainsail,"Yes this game is in early access, but it is still extremely fun to play. Here are a few things I would like to say about it.Let's start with the positive stuff:-the game looks great, character models are pretty much identical to the ones in the show-having the music from the show play during fights is really cool-combat is tons of fun, each character plays differently with its unique special moves.What I would like to see improved/ added to the game:-there were a few graphical glitches or times where my character would glitch through textures-dialogue subtitles sometimes didn't load properly-many of the fights lacked the epic soundtrack from the show-it would be nice to add button mapping-I would really love to see more characters from the show be added to the game.All in all, this is tons of fun to play. Of course, the game development isn't complete so there is only one chapter to play, and you may encounter a few glitches here and there. Do I recommend it in this stage of development? Yes, not just because I am a RWBY fan, but because the game is not broken like many other early access titles out there, and because the developpers will add more content in the future. Besides, they said the price would go up as more features are added, so get it now and pay less than if you wait!"
76561198142758820,Not Recommended,418340,30201073,Posted: 26 February,all,Zeus The Flying Dog,"As if paying $20 dollars for this contentless game wasn't enough.To start, this game is plainly made to be a cash cow for Rooster Teeth.It is an effortless and an uninspired game with little to no innovation other than playing as your favorite characters from the RWBY show. I personally am a fan of the show, but now I question Rooster Teeth and how they would allow this unfinished game to be released with the RWBY name on it. If the RWBY name wasn't on it, this game would for sure be recieving negative reviews due to pricing and lack of content.To put into perspective, if you buy this game full price at $20 dollars, you get:~ 10 Story Missions~ 3 Hoard Mode Levels~ 4 Characters to play asAnd for an extra $4.99 you recieve~ 4 More characters (Team JNPR)And new DLC is being made, but not to further improve the lackluster combat or add more content to the game, but it's COSTUMES for the characters you have and costumes for the DLC characters.There are four new packs being released on Steam soon, priced at $1.99 which give 4 costumes each which add virtually nothing to the game other than to take money out of your pocket and grab the suckers who will buy anything with the RWBY name on it.For a total of about $33 with all the DLC, this game simply is NOT worth your money and the content is not worth your time.Buy a different game than this one, there are many more games more deserving of that $33 dollars and this game is not one of them."
,Not Recommended,418340,24118796,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Jarosaucy,"This game was introduced on to the steam Early Acces around a year ago.Through the entire cycle of early access the devs listened to feedback. Most of the time.The game stayed the same throughout each update. Give or take a few bug fixes.The devs decide the best course of action, is to release a ""Huge"" update along with taking the game out of early access. No play testing for today's update. None. And it shows.The devs even said that additional content would be priced based on how much work it took and how long it took. But they also said that they would price it reasonably, now i don't know how expensive the DLC will be, but combined with the game being lackluster and hardly worth the $15 i spent in early access, let alone $25.But all that is just in early access.The game still is repetitive as hell.I went through the entire 2.8 hours just to write a review.Each minute contained either a ""Kill all the things here to proceed"" arena, or a ""go through waves of enemies to defend this thing or to proceed.""The HUD doesn't match the skill menuThrough my 2.8 hours many people joined, many people left.In the end it was someone playing yang, and myself.The actual story doesn't really start until half way through.The characters feel very small compared to the surroundings.Almost eveyone i've played with got frame stuttering eventhough they run high end GPUs.Don't get me wrong, I love the show RWBY. But this game isn't good. Its good enough as a rwby game, if you don't care about gameplay at all. Getting achievments is also something to do.I really cannot recomend this game. The game is barely finished and hardly worth $25.TL;DRThe game is bloody repetitive, people leave half way through because its dull and the devs want to charge based on how much work and time it takes to make DLC. And the fact that DLC is being talked about even prior to today, gives little hope for this game.EDIT:LMAO ONE OF THE DEVS DENOUNCED GAMESPOT'S REVIEW OF THE GAME BECAUSE GAMESPOT DOESNT MAKE GAMES!http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=728990191&fileuploadsuccess=1Update: I heard another feature, steam trading cards,  were not going to be added. Another feature that was promised in early access."
,Recommended,418340,32774151,Posted: 25 June,all,TheEral,"As a huge RWBY fan I always wanted to play this game and now with a little help from the summer sale I could buy this game as well as all of the DLCs for it, and I must say that this was money well spent as I've enjoyed every second playing this game (maybe not the last boss though) and will mostlikely continue to do so.Pros:- Can be challenging at times.- Soundtrack- Gameplay- Some Grimm are different to what we've seen in the original series- 8 playable characters (4 without the dlc)- Replayability- Personalities of each character are well presentedCons:- Last boss won't attack you if you stay next to him despite having AoE attacks- Can get repetitive / tedious after a while- level capped at 10- Didn't hear Pyrrha say ""Sorry"" yetHighly recommend for RWBY fans and / or people that like action / hack and slash games.Will be updating the review if I find anything else in the game that is worth mentioning"
,Not Recommended,418340,24116494,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Excavator Pi,"This game just had its official release, but it still feels like it's in early access."
76561198081564217,Recommended,418340,21286435,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Callie,"Odd glitch where yang has two arms, otherwise great game."
,Not Recommended,418340,30416378,Posted: 9 March,all,Craossa Senpai,"I am a big fan of RWBY. I have a strong like for Hack N' Slash games. One would think with the hours I placed into the game, having Hunter Rank 6, ect, I would be having a blast with this game. ""Match made in Heaven,"" one could say.Unfortunatly, it's not. It's really not.STOP!Before reading/commenting on this review however, this is something worth noting; I have no Hands-On experience with the new Character DLC(s) outside a few matches with them that I didn't pay much attention to. I also have not caught up with much of Vol. 4, so if there is any misinformation, please inform me, but in a polite manner, so I may correct things.Story Overview *Contains Spoilers*The game starts off with doing a couple of missions in Chapter 1 & 2, before discovering that a Once-Thought dead corporation was seemingly active again, but in a more sinister way. Chapter 3 is devoted to investigating the wherabouts, and Chapter 4 was trying to get out of a disasterous collapse, that was seemingly a trap after finding an armed bomb in the tunnel systems. Chapter 5 & 6 you encounter a boat marked with the Industry Logo, which you promptly try to investigate, but eventually you accidently get yourself Seemingly-unintentionally caught. Chapter 6 you find out who was behind it, which was the leader of the corporation, and apperently used to be good friends with Ozpin. The other chapters is devoted to trying to stop the evil man from going through with his schemes.Story OpinionDon't play this for story. As far as the main story for this game goes, it's pretty forgettable in terms of how important it is. The issue with side stories like these is that, if done wrong, it can do very little with developing the characters or the whole story of the series, making it very wasted potential and/or a waste of time for playing/watching through.And that's exactly what happened with Grimm Eclipse.The story gave virtually no character development. The main Villain was cliche, and left little impact in what happened in the story as a whole. None of Team RWBY (or whatever other character/team is being added via DLC, because ♥♥♥♥ Grimm Eclipse's Story Coherency am I right Rooster Teeth?) had any development from this whole endevour that would be seemingly an epic achievement accomplishing. Ozpin is probably the ONLY character that had any development from this side-story, and even then the only new information given about him can be summed up as ""having an old friend going their seperate ways for having different opinions, whom was also leading a big corporation that was shut down many years ago."" Even THEN, that info would be seen as more of a ""Fun Fact"" than anything else, for how little it even matters. The ONLY Saving Grace (or as saving as it could be) Grimm Eclipse's story would ever have, would be the return of GE's villain in the Main Story of RWBY later on, with leaving an actual impact in the main story then what he did in GE. With no reference to these events within the preceding/current volumes we have as of this review, however, this game's story can be summarized as practically worthless trivia knowledge in RWBY.So story is a bust, TL;DR. What other reason is there to play this?.........Gameplay.........No, seriously, what else is there? Oh, you mean GAMEPLAY? Ha. Ha ha. Ha ha ha....That's a Joke right?Right?Satire aside, Gameplay is not TERRIBLE.It's TOLERABLE.What I mean by that is that it does what the basic gameplay would ask of, which is Hack N' Slash: There's lotta Hacking, and lotta Slashing, so it does what it was going for.How WELL it's pulled off, however, is a completely different story.The attacks are very bare-bones, with very little implamented combos you can do (A.K.A, comboes intended using only basic attack commands such as Dash attacks, Heavy attacks, light, ect). You can pull off some fancy combinations of attacks here and there, but overall it's pretty bare.The Balancing job in GE is worse than Valve with CS:GO, which is really saying something. The Weed (weak) Mobs are so pitiful because of how some of the few attack comboes given to the characters, can instantly kill them, even in the fresh beginning of the game, with little punish on the character's end. The Ranged attacks the characters possess will generally either be almost complete trash or extremely op, depending on the characters w/ their skills, and is not particularly fun to use for an extended time either way. Counters, In theory, would make you completely invincible without even having to directly attack for almost every enemy, as, while being instantly punishment if failing the timing, there is no risk in a successful counter whatsoever. Specials for the characters are the most balanced thing about this game, however they can still be even more garbage depending on the character w/ their skill choices.Also, it should be worth mentioning that there is a Leveling-Up system, however it's also Bare-Bones. All leveling gives you is one skill point for each level-up: No Stat Increase of any kind, and the Level cap is 10. Not only that, but you have an extremely pitiful skill tree as well, with 4 different Catagories: Special, Team Attacks, Ranged, and Utilities. While 3/4ths of those trees are usually very small, and free skill-refunding before spawning in the mission is a thing, you are extremely limited in what to use the points on as well. Some skills cost 2 points, as well as having to unlock a good amount of skills by actually having to complete their unlock condition, which is annoying to have to do for reasons stated later. Some skills are also more op than others in almost every way, such as some of Blake's Ranged Upgrades, not rewarding diversity of playstyles of what an actual skill tree is often suppose to do. This overall is a very unpolished, unbalanced system.Story Mode is just simple ""kill enemies to progress"" 85% of the game so it's bare bones. Hoard Mode is essentially what you did for the 1st 2 chapters of Story, but it get's harder with more waves, more control towers go up to defend as time goes on, and you can buy turrets to help protect said control towers. Hoard Mode is the more exciting game mode imo, but only because of it's concept and difficulty unlike what Story Mode gave.Lastly, probably the only reason I played the game as long as I did, and what kills skill progression even further:Hunter Ranks.They are essentially like a Prestige System, giving a higher rank in exchange for completing a set amount of challanges or getting to max level, only to reset it back to 0 just for the extra point. It's only for Bragging Rights, but it's probably the only thing you can work for outside Steam Achievements. When you increase your hunter rank, however, Levels are reset, as well as Any Skill you unlocked. That means that one skill that took a good hour or so to unlock would be locked again, which was what killed the Skill System even further in terms of progression and play-style diversities, as it makes it extremely difficult to have a unique play-style you like forever (Unless you run with the most op builds not requiring any unlocks, which, I won't totally blame you for)Gameplay is Mediocre at best compared to other games of the same genre, TL;DRI'm hitting a word limit, so I gotta make these next 2 short:GraphicsNot bad, but nothing spectacular either.MusicIt's just RWBY music w/o vocals, so nothing bad or new, but has poor looping.This was a very overpriced game for what it gave, & with DLC updates coming instead of polishing like RT should be doing, there is pretty much no hope for anymore improvments to the base game.If you want a similar game like this that's actually Decent, then buy God Eater Resurrection/God Eater 2 on a good sale. I got them for $20 on a sale, and it was $20 well spent for what it offered over Grimm Eclipse."
,Not Recommended,418340,24127637,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,NightRaivyn,"DO NOT BUY, THIS IS NOT ANYTHING OF A FULL RELEASEFrom the first release of early this game was great with the abilities, pace, combat and models.Though it was still lacking in difficulty I hoped it could of been expanded upon then the foreverfall update happened...Everything that could of been done wrong was done wrong. From the creepy doll models now being corrected to a slightly less creepy and not like the great models they originally had, to the combat being trivialized and limited to being only able to use one of your previous 3 abilities at will as an ""ultimate"" that does not look very ultimate or feel it either. The camera not having any zoom control or being able to look up past a tiny angle and the controls are made apparently bad in the platforming stages for artifacts.Each Character no longer feels different like in the anime and don’t have a role so it’s just competing for XP.Boss fights are trivial, with easy patterns and tiny health.Enemies are annoying with CC at times, but ranged attacks stunning solves any form of annoyance, but are squished easily.'Team Attacks' are nothing of the sort as it is random proc of XP stealing.The 3rd attack being your old ranged ability now for free is completely brokenly strong.Finally, content has been added but it’s about 10min of content from foreverfall making it about 30-40min to speed through ALL the content, even with the final 'boss' being a time delay.IF YOU ARE INTERESTEAD IN DIFFICULT COMBAT OR CHALLENGING PLAY, THIS IS NOT FOR YOU.The ONLY good thing i have seen from the updates have been the combos for your basic attacks BUT, if i could convince the developers to do anything it would be to go back to the original version and start over EXPANDING on the original with the combos, more tech-trees and not ending up with the mess that is RWBY: GE today."
,Not Recommended,418340,29545454,Posted: 28 January,all,QuasiSnipr1048,"Updated as of July 6, 2017TL;DR:  While I personally enjoy this game to the fullest extent, I simply cannot recommend this game to any but perhaps the most die-hard RWBY fans.  This game has come a long way from its Early Access days, but not enough has been done to bring the game to its full potential.  While this game attempts to add something to the RWBY-verse in an interesting way, optimization errors, content pricing, and a community-wide chant of lack of content have brought me to not recommend this game.I have written 3 reviews for this game prior to this one, and each one I have removed from the store for various reasons.  My first review was an Early Access one which did not reflect the changes that had occured around that time, and the other 2 lacked something in description that made them overall unhelpful.  In all three, I recommended this game.  This one I did not.RWBY: Grimm Eclipse is a hack-n-slash action/adventure game where you can play as the characters from Team RWBY and, as of recently, Team JNPR.  The game features a campaign, where you must find out who or what is tampering with the security network protecting Vale from the Grimm, and a horde mode, where you must fight through waves of Grimm to protect security nodes.The game has the two main teams from the show:  Team RWBY comes with the game and has stronger, more focused attacks, where as Team JNPR is DLC and focuses more on the team dynamic.  Overall, the characters each have something unique that makes them different from the other, but a lack of combos hinders that diversity greatly.  Basically, if you learn one character's combos, you know them all.  The only diversity comes from their ultimate, team, and ranged attacks which can be upgraded through a skill point system.  Prestiging is also a thing, allowing players to increase a ""Hunter Rank"", but that's about all it does.The campaign is, depending on how quick you are, no more than maybe 3 or 4 hours long.  It is linear with some boss fights sprinkled throughout.  You encounter new enemies and more of them each level, and there are 10 levels as the game stands right now.  Horde is a new mode that was added last year which has anywhere from 8 to 10 waves to fight through on 3 different maps.  This mode adds a money system in the form of Lien, which you can use to purchase defensive turrets.  This mode is where most of the action is.If you are thinking of purchasing this game, be aware:  You will at some point encounter some form of crash or glitch.  This game has had optimization issues since the beginning, most of which have been taken care of at this point.  But ever so often I find myself facing a crash screen or some other error that should not have happened.  Furthermore, computer specs play a great deal into this.  AMD's, as far as I know, seem to have some issues with this game, and graphics cards are required.  Don't expect a smooth framerate, regardless if you have high-end specs.Pricing and content go hand-in-hand.  Honestly, this game is a tad expensive for what it is offering:  a 10 level campaign, horde mode with 3 maps, 4 characters all for $20.  Pay another $5 and you can get 4 more characters.  I have no issue with the JNPR DLC.  I think it was well made and reasonably priced for what we got.  $20 for the base game is $5 more than what I would consider reasonable, $10 for anyone else you ask.  I think the game needs a few more horde maps, campaign levels or just campaigns, and more things to reward the players before I could consider $20 reasonable.  Furthermore, I don't particularly like that JNPR is far more diverse than RWBY when RWBY comes with the game, and the lack of attack combos in a hack-n-slash game doesn't make it better.One last point I would like to make:  There is a mod following for the game.  If you find the game to be lacking in replayability but still want to put in some more hours, drop by the modding threads in the RWBY GE forum.  They are a swell crowd can have made everything from gamemodes to texture packs.If you managed to read this far, thank you and I hope this helped you.  Like I said, I genuinely like this game, but I find that I simply cannot recommend it to anyone other than hardcore RWBY fans.  I've had many great experiences in this game, and I will support it as content development continues for it.  Whether you end up buying it or not, keep those things I have mentioned in mind.  GG and Good Hunting."
76561198040837514,Not Recommended,418340,26104410,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Brudda,"After playing the game from early access, to launch, and currently post launch. I can say that it has been quite the journey, lots of changes were implemented and content added.Sadly though I will have to give this a not recommended because of how the game will continue on in the future. With the release of JNPR dlc, the whole combat mechanics and balance is good, thing is only JNPR has this and not team RWBY. The original team, main stars of the game still does not have the variety and balance they should have.This goes back to early access where a combat revision patch came out and tested out the new combat mechanics for RWBY. The reception was pretty much mixed, there were improvments that could/should have been done, but ultimately weren't and left as is.Fast forward to JNPR, most if not all of the suggestions for combat and balance were implemented with this new team, and not surprisingly has gotten a great reception. It was stated that team RWBY will not be updated, which does not sit well with me.The new combat updates are pretty much locked behind a paywall, if you want to play the new gameplay mechanics you have to pay. I'm ok with dlc, I've purchased quite a bit, but I do not approve of locking core features that should be in the base game from players; it's ridiculous.While the game is fun, I have enjoyed many hours, I just can't tolerate this kind of practice ."
76561198172342058,Recommended,418340,19893372,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Josu-gay,I played the game for less than a minute and Yang made a pun...10/10 would start this off with a Yang again.
,Not Recommended,418340,24385332,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,crushcommando,"As a major fan of rwby who loves the show to death and pesters my friends relentlessly get into the show, i love the series as a whole. I bought this literally day 1 in early access so i've been there since the start. That being said i was super excited for the full release, so how does the game stack up?as a 15$ game... its meh, it's decent it's not ungodly awful but i wouldn't say it's ""good"". as a 25$ game... it's awful and i'd never pay such a price for the content provided, so let's break it down.-Combat, the core of a hack n slash, in all honesty it feels very lacking in most if not all departments. Most characters just spam 1 combo because it's the best thing they have. a REALLY annoying thing is how every character (friend and foe) has the exact...same...audio lines... for every single combo and attack! you can hear an ursa grunt from being hit like 50 times trying to kill the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ (same with other Grimm as well as players doing combos).-Characters, even though the main cast is present, none of the charm is there. There's little to no true interaction between the cast (they literally never address one another outside of being revived and maybe the occasional team attack) and overall come off as bland and boring.-Music + sound, the music is pretty good, all songs from the show that usually hit at the right time (wish the songs had lyrics though, i do like to sing along). Sound wise like i said most of the sound assets are massively overused and repeat themselves to an insane degree to the point of irritation/frustration.-Visuals, game look's decent, doesn't blow my mind but it's not bad by any stretch of the imagination (i did hear of some bugs but never witnessed any)-Story, to be honest it may as well not exist, has some mystery and adventure at the start but becomes very boring and dull halfway through, the villan is very weak (though to be fair nobody in this game is strong in the character department.)-Misc information, level design is hyper linear (some levels look good aesthetically, others don't). Enemy variety is very very low, (there's an okay amount of enemies but your normally fighting the same 2-3 types en mass depending on the area). When your not fighting Horde A and moving to fight Horde B (literally 98% of this game is horde wave battles) the world just feels empty and hollow.-Progression, standard 10 levels get a point as you lvl up and put it into 1 of numerous passives only a handful of which you will see and actively use. You keep levels and such through numerous playthroughs but to get more challenges to grind more you need to reset.... why?-Conclusion, this is nowhere near worth 25 dollars i'm sorry it's just not enough there to justify it. at 15 it's a hard sell unless your a hardcore fan. I know i'm being hard on this but that's because i want RT to learn and grow from this experience to create bigger and better things. We proved we'd support them however we can (this game got greenlit in 1-2 days). I do realize this isn't a triple A title and i don't judge it as such, i judge it as a 25 dollar game and i don't think it's up to par. If i missed anything or you have something to add feel free to drop a comment below and i'll try to answer everyone best i can."
,Not Recommended,418340,24233256,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Shapechanger,"I feel like I'll probably be crucified by the more zealous RWBY fans for writing a negative review, but here I go anyway. To preface, Grimm Eclipse is not a terrible game, but what it is is a game that feels rushed out and amateurish. If nothing else, it feels like it needed a lot more work before the developers should have, in good faith, called it a ""release version"". But they're calling this the final product, and I'm going to review it as such.You might be looking up at my time played and thinking ""that doesn't seem like a lot"", and you're right, but what should alarm you is that that's all the time it took me to play through the campaign twice over, along with random quickplay sessions of random levels here and there. The campaign is short. Really short. And that's an even bigger problem considering that that's the only mode that's available right now. Horde/Survival mode should have been a part of the release package, and without it the game feels incredibly content-bare.But that might be as least somewhat excusable if the campaign was at least good. The ""story"" itself is a meaningless excuse for the team to be out and about killing grimm, with precisely zero interesting developments over the course of the game. Things get repetitive very quickly, as the only variety comes in the form of the occasional new type of enemy, because you can count on one hand the number of scenarios that aren't just ""kill grimm in this area to move to the next area"". The level design itself is pretty awful, too, with invisible walls plastered everywhere, and an incredibly low amount of effort put into hiding the ""secret"" artifacts. But despite all those invisible walls, we still managed to accidentally clip ourselves into walls way more times than should be acceptable. And don't get me started on the level transitions, which have you sit through either ~30 seconds of monologue or have you watch some ridiculously poorly-made ""cutscene"".The combat, even if relatively simple, is fun for the most part, but it does have some very questionable design decisions. For starters, all four characters' ""ultra"" abilities are just slight variations on the same thing: a big area of effect attack, the character-specific upgrades for which are really boring modifiers like ""also stuns"" or ""also knocks enemies away"". Team attacks are a great concept that misses the mark in its execution. Your teammate stuns an enemy, and if you're paying attention, you can follow up for a team attack for massive damage! Except that you don't actually have to be paying attention at all considering just mashing the team attack button all the time has no penalty. At that point it might as well just be automatic.The ranged attacks are also really clunky and almost seem tacked on. Instead of being able to weave melee attacks and ranged attacks together in a flurry of action like you might see on the show, in Grimm Eclipse, trying to quickly switch between the two ends up being horribly ineffective. This is mostly due to the fact that only the third attack of the ranged attack string is worth a damn. Unless you're finishing off an extremely low health enemy, or just trying to continue your combo as you move between enemies, single-shot ranged attacking is pretty much useless. You have to commit to doing the full string or nothing, and that doesn't feel smooth.(As a much more personal gripe, I was really disappointed with Blake's entire moveset in this game. Instead of using shadow clones to deceive or distract enemies, they only show up briefly during certain attacks to stab the enemy and then disappear. At best you get to leave a shadow clone behind for a second before it explodes. And wasn't it awesome how Blake could use her sword as a sickle and chain in the show? Well, you can't do that in Grimm Eclipse, so forget about it.)All this topped off with a stunning lack of polish or seemingly much attention to detail at all. Walk speed is out of synch with the walking animations. Picking up items has no animation and just puts an icon over your character's head to signify that they're ""carrying"" it. No animation for picking up a downed teammate. No animation for pushing buttons. Enemies have absolutely no way to deal with players getting on top of things and will just sit and growl below you. The spike traps in the final level are the biggest joke of an environmental hazard that I've ever seen, and will annoy you to death with their non-stop beeping before you ever actually die to one. I could go on and on.At the end of the day, if this wasn't a RWBY game, nobody would give a damn about it. The overall quality is so amateurish, that if you showed me it without context and told me it was an unofficial fan game, I would have believed that without a second thought. As a fan of the show, it breaks my heart to see the official game produced by such a clearly inexperienced development team. It bears repeating that, at the very least, the game needed substantially more time in early access before being pushed to release. But here we are. Shame."
,Not Recommended,418340,30231933,Posted: 27 February,all,Max Buffkin,"[This has been edited on March 30th thanks to Commander_Vex reminding me of an important con!]This is a rather painful thing for me to say is terrible, because I, like all who play this game, absolutely ADORE RWBY. But.... This game doesn't do us justice. We showed so much love and support for this series, and they gave us something that ultimately disappointed, and it appears it's going to continue to disappoint.Cons:1. Paid DLC for Team JNPR. If that isn't a♥♥♥♥♥♥move, I don't know what is.2. Just announced costume packs for $2 EACH. Okay. So, maybe THAT'S a bigger♥♥♥♥♥♥move.3. Combat is, indeed, rather repetitve, even for a hack-n-slash, and it doesn't help that the combo system for it is about as shallow as the developer's dignity when coming up new ways to milk money out of our wallets when it comes to this.4. The looks are okay. It's hard to really judge the overall look of the game, because I'm sure their budget wasn't anything major, but I've seen too many instances of looking through the floor and the textures of everything are just.... Meh.5. The real lack of a single-player. I get that a good appeal of this game comes from the fact that you can play with four players and have Team RWBY fighting side-by-side, but the online community isn't faring too well, and for how expensive this game is, getting friends together is gonna be a MASSIVE cost.6. The PRICE. My, lord, the price! They jacked it up way too much and way too soon! $20 is WAY TOO MUCH for this game! I absolutely DO NOT recommend anyone get it at this price! Get it if it's ever on a massive sale and you actually really love RWBY.7. The real lack of variety in Grimm type. The show is chock-full of Grimm, and it was so tempting to see how they get transferred over into game form, but, all we really get is 4 throughout the game, with the second-half needing to add robots.8. Horde Mode. It's awful and poorly balanced for teams less than 4, and it's just amazingly boring while also being the really B.S excuse as to why JNPR was paid DLCPros:1. Believe it or not, I actually don't mind the story. I don't need an RPG-type story to get me invested, just give me enough to keep going. And! For those of you like me, Dr. Merlot is the same guy who voiced The General from Saints Row 2! Yes, please!2. The variation of the levels is okay. It's nice to see the Emerald Forrest and Moutain Glenn, but it suffers a little by not really adding much to their mythos/lore.3. Hearing the actual actors behind the characters lend their talents to the game! But.... That's not really something that we should be celebrating, but rather EXPECTING...."
,Not Recommended,418340,28007285,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Shadow Esper,"First off. My original negative review, is somehow missing, and I didn't delete it. So I'm writing this.The Early Access version of the game, made big promises, such as 4 campaigns, more then 4 playable characters, and horde mode. Of these, Horde mode is the only one to have happened. As somewhere between the original promise and the JNPR dlc update, they decided to make JNPR paid dlc.At the end of Early Access most of the community wasn't happy with the state of the game. After launch, that didn't change. There's several reasons for this, but I'll explain why I wasn't happy.The finished campaign we got took only about 2 and a half hours to beat. Very short. And what next? Nothing. That was it, there was nothing else to do in the game. Except repeating it over and over, to level up your characters, reset them, and level them again for hunter rank. A meaingless addition that meant nothing, because doing it, gave you nothing.A short game that got more expensive as it got to release, for such little value. I got my value, in the first EA build, before the mechanics and such were changed with cobmat update, but since that original build is lost forever, I guess it's meaningless to keep talking about. But I want to mention it because. The early build is where I had the most fun. Easily while the combat wasn't as depthful, the enemies were fun to kill. More spawned, and they didn't have their silly counters that spammed right through your attacks to hurt you in the middle of a combo.That brings me to my second reason for hating RT games. With the JNPR dlc, much the community really liked the new team's design choices. Bringing fun and new playstyles to the game. I don't know personally, as I refuse to give RT my money. Because of what they did after this positive feedback.The devs said flat out, they WOULD NOT revisit team RWBY to bring them up to JNPR's new standard, because it would take time and effort. Now, making a game is hard, yes? Anyone can agree. But the dev's have done nothing but ignore the community, and refuse to act like a game developer. Developing a game means support after launch, including fixing base game problems, such as the complaints of the original team vs JNPR.RT Games works on a measurement of time vs money. RT as a content producer is very corporate in this. With videos, it makes sense. A finished video is finished and out the door. But a game is a living breathing thing. It needs more development time after launch.With such short content, and only promises that imply it will be paid dlc IF it does come. I cannot recommend this game.I love the show, but none of the show's witty writing and characterzation is here. Character are mute asides from brief quotes on situational matters. They never mention anything about the events going on around them storywise.So if the game has none of the show's style or personality, who is it for? The bad gameplay designs and development cycle proves to me, that it's an Official RT cash grab. Plain and simple.Bad practices on top of a mediocore game.IF you're interested. Buy the game. But DO NOT play for more then 2 hours. Nothing you experience beyond that point will be any different, and hopefully, this review will let you get your money back. Because a refund is what I suggest.**Note. I did not refund, because the Early Access version I bought, went well beyond four hours. with my enjoyment. In fact. of my 17 horus on record. 10 of them are fromt he first EA build. 5 after Combat update, and 2.5 after release to finish the campaign. Funny how most of my time spent playing was on a build RT would never learn any lessons from."
76561198043190884,Recommended,418340,21363955,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,PanttiAntti,"For Early Access -game this game still provides you with amazing gameplay style and visuals. Since purchase I have played this game every day and still I'm learning more from it. The graphics in this game are amazing. The game also is very balanced. For example if one out of four people leaves, the game lowers the difficulty.Graphics are really high in this game and it's suprising for an indie game. If you're laptop or other low end PC user, don't worry. You can still play this game on ''potato quality'' and it still looks really nice.Voice acting in this game is really good. It's really great to here your idols to give you tips or comment on your actions. Blake's voice acting though is really dull and quiet. I would like to hear her to say longer sentences and be louder. Otherwise the voice acting is pure gold.Gameplay in this game is really good. The camera isn't annoying like in most of these kinda games and open areas gives more time to react on enemys' attacks. Exploring in this game is really fun and collectibles are really cool idea. Exp:s in crates are little annoying though. Only one player can get them and it breaks the coop gameplay. In my opinion they sholud be shared with a whole team.So far there are only 4 playable characters. Don't worry if your favourite character is already taken. You can pick the same character as someone else has already taken. For example I always pick  Weiss and it would be pretty annoying if I couldn't be her.So, if you're big fan of RWBY or Rooster Teeth itself, I would recommend giving it a try!"
,Not Recommended,418340,25139185,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Masked Little Shit,"I've been a fan of RWBY since it came out and when this game was first announced I followed every scrap of news I could get my hands on for it so once I was able I snagged this game while it was still in early access. In all honesty? This game shouldstillbe in Early Access as it's clearly not finished and doesn't play like it is once you get to the end of the story mode.In shortpro:A good timewaster if you stay to the first bunch of levelsCo-op is fun, and is absolute chaos if you manage to get three other friends together to playcon:A lot of the music is recycled from the show itself, if you've listened to the OSTs of Vol 1 and 2 one could be able to pinpoint about where in the show it showed up, I honestly wasn't able to find anything that was made specifically for the game and didn't show up somewhere in the actual show.Team RWBY's dialouge is very disconected, while in character none of the girls really seem to know or care to what's going on? The lines that are used in combat seem very out of place as wellCombat at first is so much fun, but then as you get on you realize there's only the handful of combos that you figure out in the first mission.XY, XXY, XXXY, and Yang had one for XXYY. Technically you could throw in your ranged attack in the middle but they aren't specific combos for including the ranged attacks.Horde mode hasn't been implimented and has had ""coming soon!"" on it since it was in Early AccessAt first foes had a good pattern for figuring out and working around getting hit and avoiding getting surrounded, and by the time you get mid-way into the game you're constantly getting cluster♥♥♥♥ed with enemies that you can barely get away from even if you're trying to dodge a la Dark SoulsFinal boss is nothing but a bullet sponge in the worst way possible, lingering hitboxes everywhere even as it's on the otherside of the arena, there was no real pattern to figure out or even to bait it into revieling it's weakpoint, once you get into phase 2 robots will spawn infinatly so if you're playing alone welcome to hell because you'll need at least one person to aggro the robot to keep it away from whoever is going to try to keep the boss hurting, final phase have two infinatly spawning robotsother than comms, you never actually see the main antagonist. Not much background on who the hell he is or where he came from. The whole plotline of the game really seems like a fanfiction you'd find on AO3, but if I found it there it'd probably be better written"
,Recommended,418340,21679282,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,nerdbird,"SPOILERS IN THE REVIEWS!! BE WARY!! Seriously guys, the RWBY jokes are funny and all but please be respectful of people who are interested in watching RWBY or haven't been caught up yet."
,Not Recommended,418340,19420300,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Dri,"MAY 8TH UPDATE: Removed positive feedback about the models, removed negative feedback about movement and gameplay issues. Removed negative point about lack of single player and tutorial. All in all nothing has improved that much and they've made bad choices about the new character models.So, main immediate issues of the game:* No player progression system, no customization, etc. Characters do level up in self-contained games, but you retain nothing once the game is done.* Despite being a cooperative game, in-game experience isn't shared by the team, encouraging players to screw each other over to level faster.* Dreadful lack of different enemy types.* Can't remap controls.* Can't customize graphics options thoroughly.* Hacking through hordes of enemies doesn't feel satisfying. There's not enough enemies, and enemies have a bit too much health, and tear you to shreds too fast. Feels nothing like the trailer!* Fair amount of bugs, especially graphical.* The models of the game, originally faithful to the show, now look ugly as sin, generic anime doll models that are actually freaky to look at. This game no longer looks like a RWBY game, it looks like a generic anime action game with a low budget.But, hey, upsides:* Is early access, so one can expect huge additions to the game.* The base skeleton of the game is pretty solid.* Very responsive controls, although undocumented.For the moment! Probably not worth its full price tag. It's fun for what it is, but not 15$ fun. It's a fun 4-player hack and slash, and you should look forward to what it will look like in a few months if they actually start adding stuff, fixing issues, etc., but at the moment it's a bit lackluster. This game more than most Early Access titles really IS Early Access quality.This review will be updated when and if the game shapes up!Just to make it clear: I don't regret the purchase. I really do look forward to this being a full game. In the meantime though I can't recommend buying it without first acknowledging its downfalls and being sure you want it.And sorry, but no, I don't think ""it's Early Access, you can't judge the game yet!"" really flies. People are being asked to pay for it right now, not in one year, so it's important that people know what they're paying for right now."
76561197991371876,Not Recommended,418340,28515499,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,UrLordSmith,"Well... I love roosterteeth and anything Rwby related they can't pump out the show fast enough! However this game...while visually pleasing is rather lackluster...There is no real story to it, nothing to keep you overlly engaged. I purchased this game in early access eager to support it thinking what would make a cooler game then the world of remnant? Well...This isn't that game. It has some amusement to it however it quickly expires and even after coming back a few months later and discovering ""dlc"" if you can call it that (a handful of new characters/character models) and a mild price drop yet no real expansion on the game that was described in early access as ""unpolished and with more to come!"" is rather dissappointing. I don't want roosterteeth to pull its support from this game I just want the game to reach it's potential something actually captivating maybe make it more of an rpg style where you keep character exp for longer then your matchup or with more customizable options like say special munitions or wider skill trees.... I don't know I expected so much more from a company that has made it's living reviewing, playing and supporting videogames."
,Recommended,418340,20056728,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Tamanegi,"Well, ILoveRWBY as you can probably tell,This game for an early access is great, what bothers me the most is the Chat bug, which makes it disappear at some random point and can only be fixes by reconnecting which causes reset of level and or progress. It's really disappointing.Other than that, few other movement bugs (for example, blake floats after using her ranged attack)I would also like to say I'd like to see:*Allies HP bars*More levels (it can't be repetitive)*More Teams (Would love to see Nora and Pyrrah for example.)*A Versus Mode could be really nice*Practice Arena*Story ModeThank you guys for this wonderful game, I love it."
,Not Recommended,418340,28695829,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Pyrogenesis,"RWBY has been one of my favourite shows for a while, so I was pretty excited to see a video game come out of it. I bought the early access version and played a few hours, and actually reccomended it to some friends. Now I feel like I owe them their money back.The gameplay is boring and repetitive, with only a few combos you can do per character, and the gun feature feels severly lacking as well. The campaign is boring and the ranking does not feel as though you accomplished much, as all the enemy types are ostensively the same but with more or less health. The only vaguely interesting parts is in the dust mines with the enhanced beowulves, but even that is slow and unsteady.Another thing worth noting is how easily you can tatke advantage of the enemies in the game. As of writing this review, the gun basically stuns enemies after a few hits and most enemies can be taken down with the same combo repeated over and over.Lastly, there are the graphics and speed. Now I don't run a monster gaming computer, but my PC is no slouch, as it is well above average in specs. With that said, there wer times when I tried to load into a pre-existing game and the game just set me down somewhere and nothing moved. The amount of times it did something like this makes me feel thta the developers just didn't feel like saving their dignity and adding in an error message. The graphics are normally fine, the shading looks nice, the environments are just so boring. Foreverfall is pretty and all, but it's literally all red and gray. I forget what the very first area is called, but all that is is green and gray. I might understand it if they wanted the enemies to obviously stick out of the environment, but then later on you fight red soldiers on a red backdrop. This kind of failed colour coordination hurts me. The idea to convey something not belonging in an environment through colour is a theme that needs to be followed very poiniantly, which it is not. Also of note, some camera angles make certain models disappear. It may be random, or a specific trigger.Also, I forgot to mention that they had promised team juniper for a long time, which is why I kept playing, but with it being paid dlc for a game that isn't very good to begin with? I don't think so.Overall, i would give this game a 2 out of 5 stars, if only for the fact that they seemed to put at least some effort into the graphics and there are less glitches than in the early access version."
,Not Recommended,418340,24146553,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,wqsedsa,This game has roughly 3 hours worth of gameplay in the campaign mode.Very repetitive.The boss fight at the end is a literal joke. Old school Zelda boss fights are more difficult.
76561198015251389,Not Recommended,418340,24128323,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Ipo,"I have owned the game since early access and was extremely excited for the release. Im disappointed with how this game turned out.Its great fun if you love simple beat em up style combat with simple repetitive combo's and I enjoyed my time playing through on single player until I reached the anti-climax last boss. Sit and wait until he is vulnerable and then you can attack for 3 seconds. The boss takes too long to defeat and just isnt engaging enough as you can just stand at the side of the arena until he is vulnerable.The addition of Hunter Ranks had me excited for the replay aspect. I leveled 1 character to max level and was able to rank up to find that all the tier 3 skills I had unlocked had been locked once again but on every character. To rank up again I have to get atleast 1 character to Max level plus fulfill the requirements of 4-5 other challenges (kill x enemies, revive x number of players, etc). By the time I would be able to rank up once more I wont have killed the 400 enemies with the one special attack to unlock its tier 3 again for that attack and I can only assume they will lock upon ranking up again.This game is approximately 3-4 hours long in single player, the replayability of Hunter Ranks means no fun tier 3 attacks until you reach Hunter Rank 10 (to get the achievement) when you can finally grind them out and not have to reset them. By the time you reach hunter rank 10, the game will have bored you to sleep or you will know the dialogue inside out because you cannot skip it.Wait until they sort this game out, it just is not worth the price they upped it to."
,Recommended,418340,19854606,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Warlord,Its pretty fun but it has time to be better.I was also hoping we could unlock alternate costumes through story mode or by doing challenges. That would be a nice touch.
76561198075387925,Recommended,418340,20415174,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,The Omnipotent Potato,"Played as Yang, couldnt break Mercury's leg 0/10. Would wait until they add leg breaking capabilities to Yangs attack."
,Not Recommended,418340,32999638,Posted: 29 June,all,ZapDragonMatt,"RWBY: GE isn't a terrible game, but it isn't the best game either.Pros:- Gameplay: While there isn't a tutorial or anything, the gameplay is actually kinda fun once you figure out how everything works.- Level Design: I appreciate the large battle areas as you tend to have to run around to let your aura regenerate and shoot your enemies back while waiting.- Characters: The character models are well-done, and their voices are the ones from the anime so I can't really critize them there.- Graphics: Even though I have it at the lowest setting due to my weak graphics card, every looks pretty nice.Cons:- Story: I don't think game developers realize that most people tend to ignore conversations of characters that aren't in any sort of cutscene. And even you do pay attention, this story doesn't make a whole lot of sense and feels like it's there just to hang out.- Gameplay: Even if you switch between characters, the fighting can get very repetitive regardless of what enemies you fight.- Sound: The music is so quiet sometimes, and half the time there's no 'battle theme.' Also sometimes the voices sound really weird when you use the heavy attacks.- Characters: The 4 dlc characters actually feel somewhat different than Team RWBY. Team RWBY is only minimally different amongst themselves.- Level Design: Half the time the large areas that you think will be a battle are just an empty are with maybe a couple breakable boxes or a secret.- XP & Skills: While I'm okay with a level cap of 10 (although the cap being like level 15 couldn't hurt), it's disappointing that xp orbs are the only obtainable items in the standard game. The skill upgrades also feel bland, and certain ones feel like their requirements are to high for the benefits they give.Overall, RWBY: GE is a great concept of a game, with a lot of incompleteness that couldn't really be handled unless you watched the anime and were really interested. If they would smooth out just about everything in this game instead of making useless costume dlc, then this game could actually get a lot more players (whispers* especially if they had 2-player local)."
,Not Recommended,418340,22836702,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,City Boy,"I have to preface this saying I enjoy RWBY.The quality of the current game is decent, but it's frustrating to see that said quality has deteriorated since the April Combat Revision patch.This review is current as of 6/3, the Butter and Butter Patch.What's goodThe gameplay is really fun. It's a hack-and-slash game, so if you have any experience playing a Dynasty Warriors type game, you'll feel right at home here. The game is as competitive as it is co-operative, and attacks feel satisfying to produce. The game has no difficulty levels. Youre difficulty varies from easy / medium by yourself, and medium / hard with other people.What got fixedThey added a chapter select option, something which was needed for a long time.Some graphics options such as SSAO and bloom have been added.What's not so goodTL;DR for this bullet point: The models / textures could use some work.The models / shaders as of the current update are not representative of what the characters in the show look like. They seemed to have deteriorated from the show's quality for the purpose of optimization, but the design choice alienates higher end users that can render the show's models.The main issue is the faces, but also extends to areduced level of detail on the character modelssince the April Combat Revision patch.-     Ruby's skirt before the patch was a meandering, flowing skirt with ruffles underneath it. The new model gives Ruby's skirt a significantly more blocky and triangular appearance. The fluffy undercoat is now a blocky, solid model.-     Weiss's bolero's collar is now straight, compared to how it had ruffles before the update.-     Blake is missing the ruffles on her vest.-     The eye shape as well as the eyelashes of the characters has definitely been changed.This is actually a major factor: If you play an anime game, you have some expectation it looks like the show it represents. Naruto games looks like Naruto anime. JoJo games looks like the JoJo anime. You get rid of that, you lose a lot of the appeal.The sound design could use some work. This also has deteriorated since the April Combat Revision patch.Little in the way of graphic options besides SSAO and bloom. You can control the overall level of detail, but the game always renders shadows and you have little control tweaking certain aspects of rendering feature-by-feature.Progression is limited; level is capped at 10. While not a big deal if you use the chapter select, a full playthrough will allow you to reach the level cap pretty easily, which isn't a good thing.Content is a little short for the current price point. A playthrough will take anywhere from only 90 minutes to 2 hours.I won't say I hate this game. I really want this game to be better. But for now, I have to give this game a negative review until the devs improve the quality of the game so its in line with what fans would want out of a game about the show they love."
,Not Recommended,418340,28692730,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Rank 52 Bby,"Get it on a sale even if you're interested. I would say around $5, but RT is such a stingy company that I bet it'll never get down that low. There's no support for the game anymore content wise, so the JNPR team DLC is all we're getting. I got this before release by about a month or two, and I got it for $12. I played through the story and I was content with it. I saw it as a good game to mess around with friends. At release, there were a couple levels added and an art style change. The update reset my progress, but that's understandable. Other than the story, there's lack luster amounts of content including hoard mode. It's not worth the $20 price tag or anything over $10, so proceed with caution. Oh, one last thing. This game has none of the spirit of the show. They repeat quotations, but nothing you'd expect from the show is here. RWBY: Grimm Eclipse bland and should've been handeld much differently. Look at Shadow Esper's review of this game, they've got the top review in the ""most helpful review"" section."
,Not Recommended,418340,24119611,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Shokuryu,"A short, somewhat bland hack & slash adventure that you play once and maybe 3 more times if just to play all the characters through the story. Maybe not. Depends on your first impressions. I highly recommend you play even with random people, because your enjoyment of a hack & slash is going to be one where you slay a ton of enemies on the screen, and playing with a lot of people increases these spawns. Singleplayer is do-able all the way through and gets you used to the game, but trust me, even if you're a recluse, just try out online first.What REALLY disappoints me is looking back at the first RWBY Early Access trailer on YouTube. Look at how many monsters are on the screen at once.This one:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cam-N-JM0e8The game right now doesn't have nearly as much monsters on the screen as this, even in 4-player games. NOW given this takes a butt-load of processing, there should really be an option to turn it up anyways, like the mod does. More on the mod towards the very bottom. (Doesn't work yet: Will update when it does work)It's a decent game. It just lacks substance even in full release. The full release version they have now actually is hardly that much better from the very previous version. Probably because they released too early. The Campaign was extended by 5 more levels, making it 10 total. Not saying this is no content, the new levels are neat. It's just, content you blow through. There are no difficulty modes, which really should be added if they want to give us a real reason to replay the campaign like they want us, and leveling up isn't a big deal most of the time.Pros:+ Online Co-Op with an option to host private or public rooms. Works decently well most of the time.+ Environments look very much like what you'd see in the series. It's pretty, stylized, and overall just nice to look at.+ The New U.I. looks great. Easy to see, fits the game, and some nice flair. The Hunter Rank gems could look a little better though.+ Your level ups stay on your character now, and you keep all your EXP even after you die/wipe.+ Entirely possible to play in single-player. The game scales to how many people are in the game, dynamically as well as people drop in and out.+ Controlling the characters feel great. While I feel my jump is a bit low, I enjoy the ""general feel"" of combat, even if it's not that in-depth. It does a hack & slash game very well.+ Music from some of the trailers, intros, etc from the series are there. And it's awesome. You should crank that music up. Some music tracks are not as good, but it's pretty nice most of the time.+ 4-player can get chaotic at times. This is plenty of fun when it happens. I just wish it was more chaotic. This change alone would make it hard for me not to recommend, despite the many cons with this game.-----------------Neutral~ Not sure what to think about the models. They didn't change from the very previous update, but they're not as bad as they were in the ForeverFall update. I'm sure most people would just prefer the models from the 1st Steam EA version.~ Team Attacks are fun, but people just kind of jam E (or Right bumper) when they know someone does a lot of team attacks. It's kind of neat but could be executed better.~ I'm not sure what to think of the Campaign itself. It's just, okay. And ultimately just too short. It's not bad and I don't mind waves and waves of enemies like it keeps throwing at me in each level, but that just feels like it's trying to be Horde mode, WHICH I STILL WANT. They really need to shake things up in the Campaign. At least it doesn't feel horrible to go through. It's just bland.~ Hunter Ranks are a way to artificially extend the replayability. I personally kind of like it. It gives you a set of challenges (basically a checklist) of things you need to do before you reset ALL your progress for some prestige online in a form of a shiny badge/jewel. However, this also resets your challenges that you need to do to unlock certain skills when you level up, making them locked most of the time, thus leaving you even fewer choices.-----------------Cons- Characters feel unbalanced in power once you understand each character's ""best spammable combo/skill"". If you get this game and play co-op with anyone, please don't mind the score. If the Ruby player figures out their best combo, they're ""almost"" always going to be on top. (Seriously though, score doesn't matter. If you're doing it for the achievement, just keep joining public games and you'll luck up with any character really).- The game still has a few visual bugs like cloth physics in general just spazzing about, like Ruby's cape for example. That and some monsters sometimes somehow miss you while kind of staying there in the air. Doesn't happen often though and far from gamebreaking.- Combat in general may feel good, but there's just some combos you're always going to spam, as I briefly mentioned in my 1st con. They only consist of LMB -> RMB, LMB -> LMB -> RMB, and so on. Your ground attacks are going to do significantly more damage than your air attacks the majority of the time, even though your air dodge is usually better than your ground dodge, though you can ground dodge as soon as you hit the floor so that's something. It generally needs more depth, even if it's just a hack & slash.- Leveling up is fine and all, but the skill trees are uninspired. There's like half of the skills you have to unlock through ""challenges"", which even then is not necessary to have since the game isn't that hard. If you want a walk in the park, grab the Aura Regen upgrade, it's a bit too powerful. Also, even when they're trying to do different upgrades, you're ultimately going to want specific upgrades all the time once you find what works. There's no experimentation past the 1st time that you're looking at them all.- There seriously needs to be some difficulty settings. You play through the game once and that's it. It doesn't really get harder. They could add in additional encounters, different enemy types, more aggressive A.I., and with it, a higher level cap with more meaningful upgrades and choices.- Game isn't that optimized, but I run above 30 frames with a GTX 670M and i7 3000 series. Lowering the ""resolution"" in this game makes it easier to run. Doesn't actually lower resolution though, it lowers the textures.- There simply isn't enough to do.- Because there is no Horde Mode.- ""HYAAA WAAA RAAA HI-OO"" ""VVVVVVVOOOOO DING"" (My impressions of all the sounds you're gonna hear. Sounds are obnoxious, but you can solve that by turning the sound FX slider a notch down or two.-----------------I bought this game for $10 when it was on sale, and got a further $5 off due to cards. Would I say it's worth it at that price? Yea. It's not bad. You could do much worse, but honestly you can also do much better anyways. $25 is certainly not worth it in this game's current state. I can only recommend this game to you when it hits a MUCH lower price, and perhaps if you got friends wanting to play this too. This is why I can't ultimately recommend it to just anyone. It's not a special game. But it's pretty okay.You should know though, there's a nice mod that you can install (whenever it hopefully updates for the full release, so it doesn't work right now) that lets you mess with a few awesome things like how much Grimm spawns, which is totally awesome and makes the game soooo much more chaotic and fun, but can kill frames. You can also manually spawn Grimms, an another Grimm monster varient, make it Low Gravity, do PvP (wonky), increase the level cap to 15 from 10, and its own Horde Mode (which I haven't figured out why it didn't work for me when I had the mod). It adds a lot more replayability and simply fun, and while it doesn't work right now, just google it for this game and keep an eye out for it to update."
,Recommended,418340,26498498,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Miyata Sayaka #Road2lvl420,"After finally getting Hunter Rank 10 and all the achievements it is time for me to review the game. Let's not waste any time and get straight to the pros and cons.Pros:-The Game is fun with friends.-Its easy to play with a controller (I use a xbox 360 wireless). It's a lot better imo and I almost always top score in every game because of it.-Each character definitely feels different and while the combo set up is the same, no two felt the same.-Getting all the achievements is easy.-I really liked playing Ruby, Weiss, Pyrrha and Nora the best.-It has a progression system for each character and you can get them to lvl 10 pretty quick if you know what you are doing.-The voice actors did their roles just fine here and it's all the same ones from the show.-I find Horde mode to be pretty fun especially with 4 people. You gain money from killing enemies and you can use it to buy turrets to defend the stations. Shotgun turrets are the best for most situations.Cons:-The game is pretty repetitive and not very fun solo.-Many complained about Team JNPR being 5 dollars but I don't really care. I had a lot of fun with them.-There are several technical issues which can occasionally cause huge framerate drops. Normally I have 144 fps on ultra but it sometimes dips into the low 30's/40's which is real laggy.-Sometimes the game can crash for no reason. This only happened to me once or twice. But it happens constantly for some of my friends.-The hardest achievement in the game was Beacon Graduate simply because it is time consuming. It took me 60 hours of play time to get it. I got all the other 36 real fast in comparison.-It has a prestige system similiar to call of duty. They call it the rank up system. You do challenges like leveling up characters and killing enemies a certain way or certain types. Once you meet the requirements you can Rank up and it will reset ALL your progress. You lose all your campaign progress and character progession and levels. This is kinda annoying because you have to do this ten times for the Beacon Graduate Achievement.-You cannot view the other players steam profiles in game and they will not pop up in your recently played. This is real annoying if you wanna befriend people in the game.-Campaign is pretty short. It is only 10 chapters and the final boss isn't that challenging once you know how to beat him.-The story is weak and the new villian isn't all that interesting and we don't even know what happens to him at the end of the game.-The auto balance sometimes ruins my Horde mode games. If i play with 1 other person for several waves and then mid wave 2 more poeple join at the same time. It will auto balance it for 4 players by throwing in 3x more enemies. We do not have the resources/turrets to handle this many enemies suddenly and it often causes us to lose the game.-Sometimes when you join a game and the host will be in another country. This will make the game laggy and if its real bad your team attacks will never work right. Your character will just sort of freeze in limbo as if they are trying to pull off a charged heavy attack.-Not really a con but something that irks me. When did the Grimm make an alliance with the robots? This is pretty ridiculous that they are working together in the game to attack you. If you know anything about the show it's that the Grimm attack all humans and their inventions on sight.Verdict: 7/10This game is pretty mediocre and I think only the fans of the show can enjoy it as long as they got people to play with and they don't mind the monotonous nature of this type of game. Also worth noting that although the multiplayer population is low, most of the time my rooms filled up fast with random people. So I never had much of a problem finding people to play with. Grab the game if it goes on sale."
,Not Recommended,418340,19491854,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Booyah,"Last Updated: 22 August 2016Ok...so I played back in May 2016, and...well...I could only invest an hour before moving on to another game. Part of me wants to try again when Nora is released, because Nora is top girl, but another part of me wants to wait until another huge update to the game.I left a comment that explains more; just click on the review, and you'll be able to read it.With the current state of the game, I'd say it's worth $10 or less. $25 is a little high (hell, early access was cheaper...)04 December 2015This, my friend, is early access. As much as I want to give this game a recommendation, I cannot. Not yet. I'm definitely excited for the final product of this game, but it needs some work.Cons:- Animations are still very choppy- Subtitles struggle to keep up with the longer speeches in the game- Your character progress does not save- Are we not sharing exp? Did that Blake just KS for exp?!- If you’re not a RWBY fan, you’ll probably have no idea what is going on, story-wise (this may be a pro for some people)- The results screen after every map looks like I’m playing a SNES game (again, this may be a pro for some people)Pros:- It’s a RWBY game.- I love the work put into the voices so far.- Characters seem to stay true to the franchise- the combat will be very enjoyable (once the animations are smoothed out, maybe additional enemies…)Things that would be nice to have:- Add a button to see the status of the party (levels, health, etc)?- Perhaps add items/equipment for characters to equip?- Customizable controls?As of 04 December 2015, the only people who should be buying this game IMO are 1) RWBY fans who wish to aid the developers with feedback, and 2) people who like playing early access games in general to give feedback.In its current state, it’s a $5 early access game, not $15."
,Not Recommended,418340,24204106,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,TheReach2134,"Alright game, not worth the price at this point though. Too little content for the price given. You want to buy this game? Buy it when it's on sale. The story was... alright I guess. Really short without going into depth, only way to understand this story is to listen to a bunch of phone calls.Fights are pretty repetetive, run around and kill the grimm/robots, defend this place. The combat itself however is alright, each character are very similar though needs more differences to give a bigger variety of fighting styles (my opinion).On the good side though, soundtrack from the original series, nice to listen to while playing. Actual voice actors of the characters from the series.Many other good and bad things, but I won't go through all of them. To sum it all up though...Can't recommend this game at this point in time, too little content for a lot of money, not worth it so far. Honestly I really do hope that the game stayed in Early Access, the game seems a little unfinished with some glitches.Here's hoping for the future of this game, I have faith in Roosterteeth."
76561198275000369,Recommended,418340,20780817,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Mystic Xander,"absolutly wicked! it took me 2 hours after the initial pratice, and one very dedicated and skilled teamate but the two of us finished the first campain! and i must say, just awesome. fairly open world and alot of fun. the difficulty going up and down depending on the player count was interesting because it made 4 player nearly impossible but 2 player challenging enough to make it fun. the glitches were almost completly out (ran into the initial mount grimm bug) so immersion was easy. and i love the combo varients of the characters and the chalenges (unlocked em all) made it alot of fun even when you are goofing off. all-in-all the game was epic and i cant wait till they expand upon it. not only 5/5 stars but im telling ALL my gaming friends about this."
76561198132932299,Recommended,418340,19661345,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,FlamingEskimo9,"Lately, after playing quite a few hours and enjoying the game, I looked through reviews to see what others thought and found a number of things from the negative sections that seemed a bit off to me. While some people gave valid points to issues in it, I think there are several things that people complain about that aren't really all that valid, and have decided to make my own review because of it. Lets get to the bad stuff first.Cons:- Subtitles need some work- No difficulty adjustment for replaying levels- A few graphical and audio glitches here and there- Some work needed on blocking off areas you aren't supposed to be inThese were the main things that come to mind for me. Some people have listed other things that I quite frankly don't think need to be on the list. First one is the price tag. Is the game in it's currents state worth $15? No, but it's early access. I feel like people see early access and think of something like Day Z. That game in it's current state is worth what is charged to most people. Problem is that game has been in early access for years. There are other games like it that are at the end of the early access games, and some that just stay there but are pretty much done but use it to say that they periodically add large content patches like Minecraft does. This game, as of the time of this review, has just hit early access, and RT is fully taking advantage of the title. This game is far from a finished product and you slapping down the $15 is kinda like a donation with benefits really. You give them money so they can keep making the game, they give you access to it while it's in developement and can give feedback. If you want a polished, complete game worth $15, don't get it. If you want to support the concept and idea of the game, or RT in general, pick it up. There are also complaints about combat being too repetative, but I feel like unlocking the challange perks and remebering the blast attacks adds more than people give it credit for. More variation is not something I would be opposed to, but at this point I don't think the combat deserves such a bad rap from people. Also, people don't seem to like levels not carrying over. The thing is, with this type of game that just wouldn't work. If I hit level ten then rerun from the beginning, I'm gonna be destroying everything no problem. Add that to the fact that I wouldn't be able to get anymore perks since I'm at the level cap and couldn't expiriment with new skills, and you see that it just doesn't work. As long as they find a good way to keep levels going when they add more levels and content, this system works just fine. Lastly, I've seen complaints that swarms of enemies keep you from combing too easily with attacks that can't be intterupted. Personally, I havn't had a problem with this after my first playthrough. I won't go into details as this is long enough already, but teamates are there for a reason and so are evades. Use them right and you should be fine.Now to the good things.Pros:- Well voice acted- Great art design and character models- Interesting abilities and a nice leveling system- Characters keep their personalities from the show- Alternate paths and challanges give some level of replayability.- Interesting enemies with variationI can't say much to the plot since it isn't very developed so far, but I think it looks good for now. We won't realy know until more comes out. Hopefully this sheds some light on the game for everyone, along with why some of the cons really aren't cons.Final verdict, get it if you like the idea of the game and want to support it or RT, as it is fun so far and has great groundwork, but don't expect a huge amount of content until later in development. Happy hunting!"
76561198210006931,Not Recommended,418340,24133180,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Nyxn,"This is my opinion about about RWBY: Grimm EclipsePros:-The hud has a nice design-The Soundtrack-The World Design feels like it would belong in the show-The Weapon sounds just like in the show-Enemy Design is spot on-The Voice Acting is greatNeutral:-The Story is okay but it doesn't do a good job of keeping you interested in what happensCons:-Character Stacking ( it's a minor annoyance but still feels very out of place in this game)-The Combat is dull and repetitive-You have to choose between dealing more damage or having greater survivability-The devs decided to make it take forever to level up instead of just increasing the level cap-When theres more than 8 enemies on the feild at once the frame rate drops to 15 to 25 and at one point with 4 players it drops to about 3 to 5 fps on standered settings ( I run Fallout 4 on high and never drop below 30 fps)-The final boss is the easiest boss in gaming history-The Melee Android's attack extends beyond the graphical rendering of the spear-The fact that if you don't spec for damage anything stronger than a Beowolf takes forever to kill-The fact that if you don't spec for survivability most enemies will two shot you-Only Wiess an Yang feel rewarding to play Blake and Ruby don't feel very strong-Single player is near impossible once the Melee and Ranged Androids show up especially when they show up together-Character models are no longer the exact same as in the showAs it stands this game is fun to play but for the amount of content it has it is not worth the price, wait for a sale if you want to get it."
,Not Recommended,418340,29153799,Posted: 9 January,all,Ven,"RWBY: Grimm Eclipse is a game that could be great fun, but needs some improvements first. The gameplay gets very boring after a while, as there really only are a few good attacks per character. Basic light attacks are useless, light-heavy combos are useless, and light-light-light-heavy combos are (almost always) useless. Ultimates are always (with one exception) radial damage effects that occasionally have an interesting bonus, team attacks are just a button prompt, and ranged attacks have no synergy with melee attacks whatsoever. Because of this, combat is quite repetitive and slow, quite unlike the show Grimm Eclipse is based off. Every level is just fighting through waves of enemies to get through a pile of rocks in order to fight more waves of enemies. The campaign as a whole has an uninteresting plot and a boring villain, and has barely any replay value.While it might seem that Grimm Eclipse is complete garbage, it does have some good parts to it. Horde mode offers a semblance of replayability to the game, as does Hunter Rank. The characters have realistic portrayals, and it can be an enjoyable experience for a fan of the show. And the JNPR DLC really saved the game, adding characters with new and interesting upgrades and abilities, contrasting with the almost identical abilities of Team RWBY.What I would have loved in this game is more skill. The game, even on Eclipse difficulty, isn't hard at all, and even tougher enemies can be defeated easily with counterattacks and other stun effects. A friend of mine has taken to playing the game without upgrades or combos just to make the game actually difficult.RWBY: Grimm Eclipse is fun for me, as a fan of the show, because I get to play as my favorite characters. Objectively, though,  it has quite a few problems that need to be addressed before it can become a great game."
76561198069630059,Not Recommended,418340,24147812,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Keiss,"Full release, more like rushed release. This is not the day I've been waiting for."
76561197984235073,Not Recommended,418340,24130147,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,ZiaRENe,"Disclaimer: I bought the game during Summer Sale for 10 SGD.I have not had any experience with the older versions besides ""Butter and Butter"", but overall I feel that at the current price point of 25 SGD is unjustifiable for the content provided.The most commonly criticized points I've heard since now: Models, Combat, Gameplay, and DLC.Models:""Butter and Butter"" was using models that were far from what the actual characters looked like in the animated series of RWBY, the most distinctive change being the face. They looked unnatural and doll like. To be honest, I had no issue with their appearance as most of the time I was only able to see their face when there isn't any fighting/moving (which there is enough of) to be bothered by it.The release version has improved their appearances to the extent that I have no qualms about it. Like a number of people however, I'd have preferred the models used in the actual animation.Combat:The difference between ""Butter and Butter"" and the release version is for the most part minor. Since release, I've completed the campaign once with Weiss, reached up to Forever Fall Part 2 with Ruby, and played around a bit with Yang. Some moves are faster to execute (Ruby LH, Weiss LLLH) which is nice considering how little variety and flexibility there is. Team attacks have been sped up a lot, and Ultimates appear to have less (if any) invincible frames (not sure).The current combat system is pretty much a watered down Dynasty/Samurai Warriors combat system with Arkham-styled counter system. You have a combo attack string, four heavy attacks (three which are linked from the combo string), and ranged attacks. In addition to this, you have Team Attacks (not really) and Ultimate Attacks. You can also dash either for mobility or to dodge enemy attacks.Team Attacks, Ultimate Attacks, and Ranged Attacks can be upgraded with skill points (some which have requirements to unlock). Upgrades are mostly +Damage, +Range, or Crowd Control. You can only go up to Level 10, and CANNOT upgrade every skill.Team Attacks - One player sets up the team attack (indicated as a silver crossed sword) by using a heavy attack on a stunned enemy (% chance). The other play will see a bronze colored crossed sword and will be able to execute the ""team attack"".Ultimate Attacks - An AOE attack that uses up one bar (maximum of three bars using General Skills upgrades).Ranged Attacks - Two light ranged attacks followed by one heavy ranged attack. There is soft lock on targets, but you cannot pick out a specific enemy in a mob.Enemies in combat will most of the time have audio/visual cues allowing you to counter by pressing the assigned counter button. A successful counter will deal a bit of damage as well as stun them while a unsuccessful counter will give the enemy a free hit on you (if within range). NOTE: The MORE enemies within attack range, the FASTER these cues will show up!As of the release version, I feel that there isn't enough in terms of variety or complexity to really enjoy the game. Each character will have moves that are more efficient, and will ultimately be spammed over others because of it. There is very little diversity in upgrades for Team Attacks, Ultimates, and Ranged Attacks and the counter system is in my opinion boring and useless (especially when survivability skills makes the campaign easy enough).Gameplay:No difference between ""Butter and Butter"" and release version.Theres only campaign, and a planned horde mode.You roam around, enemies spawn in waves, kill enemies, move on. Some objects can be interacted with, triggering enemy spawns/story progression.You find the key (in a container), pick a path (if there's a choice), move on  (the only ""puzzle"" element there is).You defend an objective, enemies spawn in waves, kill enemies, move on.You escort an objective, enemies spawn (endlessly), complete the objective, move on.You destroy objectives, enemies spawn during objective, complete the objective, move on.If the combat was more complex, then gameplay would've been tolerable. It isn't. There is a Rank system that basically resets all your progress (including skill unlocks) for a pretty rank indicator below your character icon, but theres very little incentive other than bragging rights. Not a lot of longevity.DLC:Team JNPR and possibly other team may be added as post-release DLC at a price. The developers claim this price will be based on amount of work required, but assuming there will be JNPR, CFVY, SSSN, and (possibly) CMEN, I can't imagine the price of each team being any lesser than $5 each. At the current price point of SGD 25, this can surge up to SGD 45! For the current gameplay and combat system, this is in my opinion unacceptable!Conclusion/TLDR:Uninteresting story, dull combat system, repetitive gameplay, very little longevity.The current price is SGD 25.Consider buying at 50% (or greater) discount IF you're a diehard fan or don't really care about combat/gameplay that much.Otherwise, DON'T BUY IT!"
76561198253643093,Not Recommended,418340,34307090,Posted: 17 August,all,JackO'ManyNames,"Wouldn't bother with this one. Ya might be a fan of the show, but do yourself a favor and wait until the price drops to what this game is actually worth, which is not 20 bloody dollars!The game play at first might seem fun, a devil may cry crossed with dynasty warriors button masher type of game play, until you realise that the only thing your unlocking ain't cool new combos or weapon upgrades, but a slight upgrade to passive abilities. The combos are simple and you don't got many of them, so get used to the same old ash over, and over, and over, and over, and over...you get the idea.This also applies to the enemies. You'll be seeing the exact same enemies repeatedly with the only change through out is they get slightly bigger, become bigger damage sponges, meaning you spend more time hitting flesh with a sharp, pointed stick, and glow in the dark. You'll get a bit of a change up when the robots show up but they lack personality and you'll often mistake one for another. Speaking of which, there is little to no difference between the main four characters. They all play more or less the same with Weiss having the only variation by having one combo freeze an enemy. Of course, you can always just fork over a few extra dollars for the other playable characters which do play differently, but really they should have been made part of the game without the pay wall.You get bout 10 levels to try your luck. At least you would if there was much difference between the levels. Sure, the overal objects change a little, but all it boils down to is ""defend this thing while wave after wave after bloody wave of enemies attack you"" and ""defend this thing that is MOVING while wave after wave after bloody wave of enemies attack you"".The bossess... rather, the one boss fight in the game is a joke. Seriously, the thing is one bloody big damage sponge that doesn't even go out of its way to attack you. Go up the ramp and into the corner of the arena and the scorpion just walks around the place, ignoring you completely. Cause, when you think of teenage girls with gunblades that defy the laws of physics, you don't think ""epic gravity defying battle to the DEATH!""... you think ""school girl sits in the corner watching the scorpion races""The antagonist, if you can call him that, again, is a joke. His evil plan, from what I can follow, is to make Grimm glow in the dark and explode a little when dead. ... ... ... and nothing else. Really, you play the idiot here. Your going after a guy whose sole goal in life is to make the enemy of all humanity stand out in the dark. You also go out of your way to go on his property and destroy his research facility as well as his life's work. Some heroes we turned out to be.Again, if you want to buy, wait for it to go on sale, else until it goes down to about $5, cause thats about what it should be worth. I've spent a lot less on games with a lot more to them and your a fool for thinking otherwise."
76561197968774029,Recommended,418340,19520275,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,oWingz`,"For an ""Early Access Game"", I really liked how it is. Since I suck at making sentences, I'll just put it all in Point FormAt the moment Pros and Cons - All Jammed in one- Voice Acting is not deafening- Combat Styling is enjoyable- Unique BGM- Sticking to the Paper 2D / 3D modeling, just like the Animation- Lack of EXP sharing (Artifacts are nice, but I guess it's acceptable since you only have to get to Level 10, with  Stages)- Auto-Aim with ranged weapons is bad at the moment - Switches to Closer Enemies or just Auto Targets bullet resistant  enemies)- A game full of one character ...- Infinate Spawn in Stage 3, End of stage (Won't explain more, incase of spoilers and current abuse)... There's more but I can't think of anyWhat I like to see in the Future- A difficulty setting for NEW GAME, for the Hardcore players and maybe New ones- A Game finder (Just like Quick Game, but for players who want to join a specific one)- More Characters (I really want to play as Jaune Arc) :P- An option where players can be the same character or not ingame- More Levels- More Stages"
76561198060905889,Recommended,418340,19559092,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Mikami,"I've waited Xiao Long for this game. I could only Yang in there for so long. Your life will be very Grimm without this game in your steam library, so I suggest you purchase it now. Rwby Rose to the top of the steam charts, and was even about Fallout 4 for a little bit. Can you not Schnee how glorious this game is? Buy it. Buy it now. This game takes the Blake."
,Recommended,418340,19770181,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Diddles Cooper,"I just finshed my first session of RWBY and heres what i gotta say about this game, gonna keep it short. I know it's in early access for a reason but thats what we're here for, criticism to make a better game.Pros:- Fun as hell gameplay- Amazing enviroments and player models- The small little qwerks and jokes (such as the lowest setting to play on is Potato)Cons:- It's got that Destiny level design. Kill, dialogue, defend, kill, dialogue, repeat- The optimizations a little lacking (I know they just added it in the recent update)-  Story is a lackingWhat they need to add:- More optimization for shorter end PC's (like the potato i run on)- More story. That way it doesn't get bland and repetitive fast- More Customization. (Characters, skills, costumes, etc..)I reccomend at least picking up this game to support the developers and it's fun enough to ignore its flaws. It's far from a perfect game but it sure as hell isn't bad, not even close (considering what abominations have been on green light and early access)."
76561198086297221,Recommended,418340,20342659,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Yoshidude14,"!!! UPDATE 1 AND 2 REVIEW !!!This game is great. If you are a fan of RWBY I highly reccomend you pick this up, if not, maybe take a pass. Even in early access it is quite good. The sights and sounds match the show and it really feels like the world of remnant. For those wondering there is about 12 hours of gameplay. It's about 3 hours per character to unlock all challenges. There are a few issues with the game such as animation errors,  being able to go outside the map in a few places, and Weiss being able to get her third level upgrade for her ranged attack without getting the second prior but those will probably be ironed out when the full game is released. There's also a few glitches I hope they don't patch such as the burning Yang glitch. In the end it is a really fun game and experience.!!! UPDATE 3 REVIEW !!!The new update makes a lot of changes, some good and some meh. The graphics look amazing as every and the new combat feel so much smoother. I like how they added a offline mode as well. I do have some issues though. This new camera is really strange to me, it keeps rotating when I try to attack and that isn't something I like. Also I got used to the new ultimate system but I much prefer the old special system. Two of the old specials have been moved into combo moves which is okay but I still prefer special. They also patched some glitches but I miss going outside the map :P (also rip the burning Yang glitch....you will always be my fave ;_;)"
,Not Recommended,418340,28326484,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,A+,"First impressions.It's a pretty game, but they probably already had the models from making the show.But I've watched RWBY before, the first few episodes were with clunky looking animation, which are pretty apparent to me in this game. The attacks don't flow smoothly, and as other pointed out there are very few combos to pull off.On top of those clunky looking animations the controls are actually awful. They should add a small way to keybind custom controls. I would've much perfered the little dodge key to be spacebar over a jump.Yes they are simple. There is something sincere about that, but that limits what you can do with just three attack buttons. They could have added in other button presses on the keyboard to add more variety. Simple fixes. Overall the game is pretty bad in this state and I would not recommend anyone to buy it.Pros:+Nice artCons:-Clunky animation-Poor controls-Limited Combos-Unable to rebind controls"
76561198126090750,Not Recommended,418340,29912995,Posted: 13 February,all,Mr. Skeltal 1: The Bone Menace,"As much as I love RWBY, I can't recommend this game, it's not much more than a cash grab. Its mechanics are too simple, the characters have almost no diversity in how they play. The combat is just repetetive and gets old fast, there's no witty banter betweeen the teammates, scratch that, they just don't talk to each other in general. The story is bland and there's almost no suspense, even at the climax of it. Honestly, 3/10 game, it's at least a stable game, but it just doesn't 'do' anything."
,Not Recommended,418340,24118102,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Taichi,2€ would be more of a fitting price for the game considering it's about 2-3 hours of gameplay and then you'll never touch it again cause you did all there is to do.
76561198086069513,Not Recommended,418340,29537654,Posted: 28 January,all,Anime Trash,"I love RWBY. in fact, I even bought Grimm Eclipse as soon as it was on steam so I could play it. I'd continue this review, but much like the people who made this game I'm going to leave it unfinished, downgraded from how I originally made it, and make you pay if you want a sliver of new content, and laugh all the way to the bank."
76561198060844902,Not Recommended,418340,24068667,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Gameguru,"EDITED DUE TO GAME'S EXIT FROM EARLY ACCESSPretty much the same as it was in early access, except it costs more (for the addition of about 2 maps/missions). Menus and character portraits look nicer though, so that's cool. Other than that it's the exact same really. Boring.The environments are straight walks to the objective, scattered with small amounts of XP granting relics (which respawn when you die, meaning that you can farm within the first level in order to reach the maximum level). While interesting on the first runthrough, the environments quickly begin to become a blur of walled off areas and the journey from location to location becomes tedious and you soon realize that the sound of enemies materialzing out of thin air is obnoxious.Littering these environments are enemies, leading to the game's boring as hell combat. Tou can literally beat just by kiting and pressing the ranged attack button to interupt an enemy's attack animation (seriously, it takes a bit of time but you can cheese practically the entire game minus the minibosses). The game, in it's entirety, consists of the the same repetitive objectives in different environments.This is the entirety of the game. There is nothing else: ""Kill all enemies here. Now run over here. Now kill some more enemies. Now run some more. Defend this object! Run a bit more. Now push this button. Surprise! More enemies! Go kill them! Having fun yet? No? Would more enemies help? How about a miniboss! No? Getting tired of fighting the same 3 enemy types? Too bad! Have some more!""RWBY: Grimm Eclipse lacks anything to break up the action (If you can call the combat ""action""), and the skill system, while interesting in it's requirements of kiling enemies in specific ways, lacks the form of progression that really makes you eager to level up (the hunter rank prestige system really doesn't help either). The skills feel noninfluential and only make fighting slightly quicker, which I guess I should be thankful for given it's dull nature.Lastly, the mere discussion of the inclusion of DLC into the game in it's current state is an absurd notion and I strongly hope that the developers realize that the game needs a significant increase in polish and redesign of fundamental gameplay before additional paid content is added. RWBY: Grimm Eclipse is an egg that definitely should have been left to simmer on the metaphorical frying pan for a while longer before becoming a full title. It is now an undercooked and unappetizing mess, but one that could be salvaged into an at least bearable breakfast burrito, but only if the developers choose to do so."
76561198138300756,Not Recommended,418340,33666224,Posted: 19 July,all,BucketHead,"It has been a very long time since I last played this game, but I thought I would put my 2 cents in before anyone buys this game. RWBY Grimm Eclipse is a game that I was very excited for, In fact, I had 4 friends who bought the game and we all played it together on the first day of release!We weren't expecting to finish the game in one session.RWBY Grimm Eclipse is an extremely short game that can be beaten within 3-6 hours of playtime. Characters have little variation with their attacks, which hurts replay value by a very large margin. Most people who will buy this game are very likely to be fans of the RWBY show (me included), but to a GRIMM suprise (joke) I found that characters do not really interact with eachother, they just spout off a few one liners and occasionally acknowladge that there is another team member fighting beasts nearby. There are many other large problems with the game, which include:-FAR TOO EASY-No combos variations-VERY overpriced for the content offered-repetitive combat and dull for a game that is built around it-feels good for the first hour but the fun hits a brick wall after that-extreme letdown of a story (and the final boss)-Models are stiffer than boards-voice acting is very awkward and rushedBelieve me, I was very excited for this game to come out, but there is little good to see in this game. It lacks in gameplay, story, and fanservice for the people who watch the show. It was an extreme letdown, and even though the price was dropped from its original 28$ CAD price tag, RWBY Grimm Eclipse is a game NOT worth buying...3.5/10"
,Not Recommended,418340,25443077,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Genkia87,"I really wanted to love it.RWBY has honestly become one of my favorite Animes of all time. (Cue in pitch forks and angry weebs, telling me its not ""True"" Anime) The fight scenes are unprecedented, the characters are awesomely designed and develop well alongside the story, it can be downright hilarious at times and it even had an unexpected turn in the middle of the last Volume (At this time of writing, that would be Volume 3) and crushed us emotionally without anyone really seeing it coming for the most part. And with all that, it also came along with some of the best music i probably heard in my life by Jeff Williams and Casey Lee Williams. Quite Frankly, RWBY is one hell of a phenomenon and i doubt i'll be falling out of it anytime soon.However, with that being said...from day one, something about this Officially licensed title was off. Just to clarify, i had the game during its Early Access stages and played it alittle bit after i heard the complete version was done. Regardless, there just isnt that much to this game and it hurts me to look at a RWBY product and say ""it could've been more"" as it really couldve been. Im highly aware that it was made in house by Roosterteeth themselves and there wasnt a whole lot of people making this. But if that was the case, i really feel like it should've been delayed. Hell, i think it being on Early Access was too much in of itself but im even more disappointed that the complete product feels almost as empty.I will say, it isnt all bad. Graphically it represents the show flawlessly. The cast as always does excellent voice work for the well estabilished characters and ill admit, those moments when your taking on dozen of Grimm whilist the shows soundtrack plays along has lead to some epic feeling moments. But everything else feels like its just lacking. For instance, the story. One thing that really bothered me pretty much on the spot, was the complete lack of cutscenes. With this beautiful graphic engine, you'd think they'd go the extra mile to make new scenes of Team RWBY interacting with eachother or something of that sorts. To quote Ms.Rose herself...Nope! The game is pretty much told in calls/text and thats really about it. And even if one could tolerate that, they pretty much made something rather forgettable out of it. RWBY has a rather deep and interesting lore going on and rather than building upon that, its just a mish mash of Dynasty Warriors type horde fighting and some rather dull boss fights. One thing that actually had me hyped before release was the reveal of a whole new villian. But ultimately, he just ends up being completely irrelevant. To the point where i doubt he'll have his name tossed out in the show anytime soon.The combat is abit of a mixed bag. As far as the official release goes, its significantly improved over its previous versions. You get 3 Attack Buttons. On an Xbox Pad, X is your fast attacks, Y is your strong attack and any combination of X+Y will lead to combo variants. RT is your ranged attack and there are a few other things like Contextual team attacks, Counters (Which is done with B), Rolls (Done with LB) and a finisher (LB+RB). I greatly appreciate the changes made from pre to full release. The combo gauge for obtaining things is gone. Rather, Specials are obtained naturally through combat and a leveling system is where you'll obtain points to boast your characters. And the new additions i mentioned do help vary things...but my problem is, you spend the entire game pretty much moving forward and then horde killing. This would be abit more tolerable if the combat had more going for it. Its fun at first, but you begin to realize that you'll use the same combos over and over, and without the ability to unlock new ones, the tedium will creep up fast. The developers probably realized this and hence added the ability to swap characters after a chapter is completed. And while thats nice, every character has about the same amount of combos and it literally takes about under 20 minutes to see what a character is capable of. Considering that Team RWBY is the only playable characters at the moment and that the game is only a couple hours long, that means that the game is going to become an endurance test rather than a fun coop experience. Speaking of which, Coop...yeah, you'll need it. I cant really say the game is hard, but the...um ""Single Player"" experience is atrocious. If you opt to play Solo, your going to be facing huge hordes of enemies by yourself and its shows the worst of the game pretty much right off the bat. And the coop is abit underwhelming. It can produce some pretty cool moments but nothing ever really feels designed for it really. Your never asked to open things together or have a specific character do something that only that character can do. Its basically the same linear and repetitive experience of Solo, except less tedious due to being able to rid grimm much faster.I imagine to some, this review is pretty nitpicky. Some would probably tell me not to complain about a 20$ game. Well, there are ironically better coop games for 20$, a great example being Left 4 Dead, and in general there are just way better games at this price point. Im a die hard RWBY fan expressing my disappointment with a game that really had allot of potential going for it. I seriously wanted to love this game like i do every thing else related to RWBY, but i cant. Even if one did get past the linear, Repetitive level design, there just isnt enough content to warrant having this game. I honestly hope that we see a truly realized RWBY title. Perhaps a Platinum styled game, or hell maybe a game like Ubisofts forgotten Naruto Rise of A Ninja; A Hybrid of Open World, Exploration and Arcade Fighters, while allowing you to relive moments from the show. But who knows, perhaps im aiming abit high."
,Not Recommended,418340,31170166,Posted: 15 April,all,BeyondTheLimit,"This was the first game I honestly did not really recommend.Don't get me wrong, I love roosterteeth, and RWBY is amazing.However, this game only has one word to describe it. Repetitive. I bought this game when it first came out, and at that time, I was in love with it. However soon enough, I noticed that there was a consistent pattern. Grimm, kill grimm, grimm, kill grimm, defend points from grimm, kill grimm, etc.When you guys finished the game, I honestly expected better of a story and more gimics to the game then just a hack n' slash that ended up boring after the first few chapters.The price of this game raised a lot since it's first release, and tbh.. It isn't worth that much.If future updates are added in, and I give this game a chance again, I'll maybe change my review, but for now, its a no."
,Recommended,418340,21900386,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,VorgunTheBeta,"So normally I don't really write reviews, but this is one of those times where I feel like I should.RWBY: Grimm Eclipse is a pretty freaking amazing game for being in Early Access. I have followed this game since its inception and it has not let me down yet. GE (Grimm Eclipse) is a hack and slash game which can be played with upto four people. The basis of GE, RWBY, is an animated show released by RoosterTeeth, and this game shows how amazing that company can be.The story is still pretty bare bones, but is constantly being added to as the updates roll out. However, the story in GE is seperate from RWBY, from Volume 2 of the show on. This is great as it allows the devs to have fun with the IP they got.The gameplay, where do i begin, is freaking awesome. Think Metal Gear Rising: Revengance with 4 highschool girls in a world where the normal rules of physics are thrown out of the window. Each character has their own play style, and moves to complement said style. Personally I play as Weiss Schnee. She is more of the mage character, as she is more support and area based with her moves than the rest of her team. While i do mainly play as Weiss, i have unlocked all the special skills for every character. While it can take some time if you do it on your own, playing with others, whether its friends or random people, is much more enjoyable and will net you more kills.Graphically it looks breath taking. This game is built in unity, so be prepared for bright colours and amazing models. There are a few different graphical settings: Potato, for if you dont have the best PC/Laptop, Normal, and Ultra, which is what i run. There is no V-Sync, however with the right settings it will run at a buttery smooth 60FPS.All in all this game is really enjoyable and if you have the money, give it a go, you will not regret it!I rate this game a 9.5/10, but keep in mind this is still an early access game."
,Not Recommended,418340,24146471,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,[KNTR]LKNickname,"Right away: I Bought the Game in Early access and would have recommended it as Early Access Game...but neither is it worth 25$ nor is it a full Release Version thoughThere are only 3 Attack-Types:Normal - LMBHeavy - RMBRange - RYeah and the ""Special Moves""...so make it 4 if you are happy thenOh and you can't use the Range-Attacks in a neat Combo-Move (like you could do it in Early Access) without totally losing the flow of the attack. The whole Gameplay and Combat feels pretty Beta....although the game is being sold as ""fully released"" now.The ""Story"" (i refuse to call this a Storyline) is ridiculously short, not to mention it is by far the most lamest thing you could think of that could possibly happen in the RWBY-Universe. There are tons of Fanfictions that are better than this.The Graphics are quite average, not too bad to be annoying but no Eyecandy either.Long story short...for 25 Bucks you get:- Repetitive Gameplay- Average Graphics- A ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ""Story""- A Game that still feels betaRWBY deserves better than this!(10/10 Kotaku - It has Bewbs)"
76561198143872828,Not Recommended,418340,30208489,Posted: 26 February,all,Exodus N,"I love rwby, but there simply arent enough combos to keep a good variety in the game. As well as team rwby is vastly underdeveloped compared to team jnpr, and the enemy A.I. is easy to mess with. I enjoy this game, but only with freinds or in short bursts. Buy it on a sale."
76561198030091882,Not Recommended,418340,25805042,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Cocking My Cats,"It has sadly come to this…I earlier recommended this game (Early Access, after the visual updates), but sadly, I feel like I can’t do that anymore. Not because of the visuals, the game is very good looking in my opinion (for being RT’s first game) but for the gameplay and the mechanics that this game has.In my opinion, the early access version was a lot better than the current version. Yes, it was missing some mechanics, such as the counter - which is a good mechanic when it works.Originally, each character had three Ultimates: one that was AoE, one that was more targeted towards one or a small group of Grimm, and one which was long ranged (except for Yang, she had two one-on-ones). RT decided to change it: the AoE is the ONLY Ultimate, the one-on-one is the move used in “Team Attacks”, and the ranged one is a normal ranged attack that happens on the third shot.Considering that we still have plenty of keys/buttons available, this could be changed so that it sort of resembles the old setup - to use the gun “Ultimate”, why not hold down the button to charge the blast instead? This way we can use the gun normally, but also have the ultimate.The AoE ultimate has way to long of an animation; Weiss has done the attack, keeps floating for a while, and the enemies get a cheap shot on her. Nothing can be done during this time.The counter works decently, but it still has some issues. Sometimes I go through the enemy and miss the counter completely. At other times, I feel like I don’t have enough time to react to the counter. It would also be cool to have some sort of lock-on ability, since Weiss’ blasts sometimes flies towards a completely other enemy than the one I’m concentrating on.Enemy variation is lacking, at least towards the end of the game: mostly fighting only against two cyborg enemies - one that has a minigun with a grenade launcher, while the other has a glaive like weapon. The long ranged cyborg has a move where he launches himself with a grenade - if you stand too close, you lose half of your health. Yes it is a grenade, but for being a “rocket jump” type move, it feels like too much. The final boss was also a disappointment. It is a really tedious fight, which consists of running around in circles, attack when the stinger is down. Rince and repeat. Later in the fight, there will spawn endless cyborg enemies as well, which only make the fight more tedious. I wish that there would have been a regular Deathstalker to fight against, so that it would actually seem like it had developed some new moves or something from the serum.Another thing I don’t like either in this game is the music. The music in itself is fine, but it’s not the same as in the series. No music with lyrics in it, short - so it is put on loop which makes it in the end annoying, and it is not unique for each fight. Why do we not have any of the main characters’ songs, or any of the main themes for each season of the show? Why not even an instrumental version. The music in the end kinda falls flat, I rather mute the music and put my own on with YT or Spotify.The hunter rank system in the game is sort of a cheap way of adding repetition to the game. The game is short, which in itself is not bad, but when you have the hunter rank, it becomes a farm-fest. Playing through the game to level up your rank. It gets even worse when you rank up: you lose all progress - character level, stage select. You have to do it again ALL over again.The one thing which kinda saddens me as well is that team JNPR is going to be a pay DLC. The game already feels overpriced as it is, and now this stuff is pulled on us?If you still want to pick this game up, I would say get it when it’s on a sale.To sum it up...+Visuals are nice+Counter is a nice addition, but needs improvement-Certain animations give enemies cheap shots-Lack of ultimates makes the fighting feel like the same-Lack of enemy variation-Lack of music variation/music that exists in the show-Hunter rank system is a bad way of adding replayability-Price is steep for what it is, and paid DLC coming up>Add a lock on mechanic?"
,Recommended,418340,20413336,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Blackmagic12345,"Pros:-Graphics are absolutely gorgeous, looks exactly like the show-Gameplay is fun, if a little underdeveloped (expect it to get more development as games dev progresses)-Easy to pick up, i was hitting top spot after maybe 2 runthroughs of the campaign-Acting is spot-on, its the shows actors so thats to be expected-Blizzard-style initial release quality. This thing is POLISHED.Cons:Needs more characters (I wanna play Jaune... Badly.)Outfits would be nice, whats a multiplayer game if you cant show off a little. (NOTE TO DEVS: dont change the weapon colors though.)ABSO-*******-LUTELY needs more missions to play through. (Expect more content to become available as development progresses)No team combos (as of yet... Would be massively cool to be able to have Yang grab Blakes grapple, swing around then deliver the shotgun-punch of the millenium to a boss mob.)Needs work, but as of right now, its pretty awesome."
76561198062366426,Not Recommended,418340,30188806,Posted: 25 February,all,Svente Crabo,"I bought this game like the day of or the day after it went into early access. They promised things like a bonus characters and alternate outfits. Those are now both DLC.The game itself is moderately short, and the button mash-fest that is the game play is boring part way through the last play through. Sure Horde mode is kind of fun, but still feels really samey after a while. The maps are riddled with invisible walls, and theres few pieces of debris you can still get on, and that's been there since the game went up. The story is ankle deep, and if you don't watch the show you have no idea what the characters save for a few one liners. The combat itself is wierd, with most attacks designed for single target damage, despite this being a game about mowign down hordes of enemies. You will occassionally get random frame drops or freezes, and before you ask yes my rig exceeds all the requirements. Other gripes include the music out pacing the actual fighting, small(ish) enemy variety, and combat doesn't flow too well.I really love RWBY as a show, but thsi game is a dissappointment. I really want to say this is a great game and an eccellent addition to the franchise, but it's a joke. I mean honestly you'd think a company that was built on playing games would know what made a game fun."
76561198093127255,Not Recommended,418340,24672187,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Painted Pornography,"This game was all right during development, with most of the problems seeming to be temporary and excusable for an early access game. But now that we're at the full release I'm disappointed. The story isn't even a little intriuging, even for a hardcore fan like myself. The combat isn't too bad, but it's not complicated enough to make you feel like you're getting better the more you play, nor is it entertaining. And even the characters can't really save the game: the voice acting seems off and we only get the occassional line or two to justify draggin gus between locations.Speaking of locations, they have ups and downs. They look great and help bring a little life to the world. But each section really linear, which  can be done well but in this case just isn't enough to make me want to play this more than once. Admittedly, I've gone through the story three times, but only so I could play with friends. If there's an upside to the game it's the stable multiplayer that can be a lot of fun with the right people. But alone, even online, the game just isn't fun. It might have been my expectations were to high, or maybe I thought my love for RWBY and hack-and-slash games would've made this worth it. But I honestly can't recommend this game to anyone."
76561198065200427,Recommended,418340,22419750,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Zangetsu675,"okay let me start off by saying that if you have seen the series at all you will not be disappointed with this game. the combat and movement feel like they should, fast, light, and fluid. each character has a different range, area of effect and specials. there is no overlap block which i love as it does not keep your favorite character from you when joining a random game.however, the game does need a savable single player mode with full story and progression. that and we need to not start an area all over because the host disconnected. currently those are the only things that i can see lacking as the game is amazing.it is a game though where 'git gud' can apply though, as better players will smash through enemies at faster rates, prompting them to 'help' you on yours."
,Not Recommended,418340,24320822,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Shammy,This game is such a painful waste of potential.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UGp2-ezreP0
,Not Recommended,418340,24344472,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,EchoSon,"It's...got a base, I guess. But for this price, you'd expect double the content and replayability. I really don't get why they've raised the already premium price."
76561198253627638,Recommended,418340,20573916,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Kizaru,"its a fun game great for rwby fan of whom i am one. but id love more characters qrow,winter,pyrrha,penny,nora etc."
,Not Recommended,418340,24115918,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,DeeperSenpai,"With it's limited character progression and shallow combat system, Grimm Eclipse is more chore than entertainment."
76561198103368798,Not Recommended,418340,24264500,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Yang Xiao Long: Ace Attorney,"UPDATED 16/10/16First of all, if you have a way to test this game before buying it (playing it at a friend's computer, for example), DO IT.In my opinion, you can know if this game's for you by just playing 15 minutes (a.k.a. the first chapter of the campaign). If you don't like it by that point, DON'T BUY IT. The game does not get any better. If you like it but feel like you need more content - like skins or more than four characters with greater variety - then DON'T BUY IT. Other than achievement hunting, there isn't much content at this point in time. If you liked it and feel like you could play and grind hours of that repeatedly, BUY IT, the game is probably for you.Ahem, now, the review:The first big problem is that the game isn't worth $25. This is the crux of the whole thing, since the game itself is fun, but offers little things to do. Campaign, ranks and achievements. The game still feels unfinished and there's no content whatsoever.The core gameplay is really basic. You have Light, Heavy and Ranged attacks, an Ultimate move and a broken counter. You will be mashing the same buttons over a over again. Ever heard of the God of War Square Square Triangle symptom? Well, this game suffers from the same. There are only one or two combos worth doing (Psst, Yang's LLH).This isn't something ""terrible"", since it is a hack 'n slash after all. There's always fast-paced action and it feels nice to kick the butts of vile creatures, right?The thing is that its extremely simple, easy and repetitive. Dying seems like an imposible task, there's no strategy and no variation.There's almost no difference between the four characters and they all share the same type of skill tree. Sure, Blake is better at making combos, for example, but in the end they all feel the same. The max level is 10, and you will probably reach it before the second half of the game, which means there aren't many skills to choose from. You won't have a ""unique"" character. In fact, you will probably never use 40% of skills in the game, like the rest of us.The only game mode is the Campaign. You can play with other people or go solo. The campaign is composed of ten chapters. You can clear it in about three hours aproximately, and multiplied by four if you want to use all characters. This is not ""bad"", since the game is meant to be replayable. But there's little reason to do so. There are no secrets, no different difficulties, no skins nor anything to unlock. The final boss is a joke, its easy and tedious, more like an ordeal rather than a challenge. There aren't many things to do once you beat it. Except for......Achievement hunting. There are 25 achievements, most of them are easy and you should get them in just one round. Some of them are interesting enough, but unluckily they fell short.The story is bad, regardless of whether or not you're a RWBY fan or not familiar with the series. I would say that you don't need to watch the show to understand the game, but they explain so little that you might feel lost if you don't know the basics of the story. Of course, there's no character development, and the big bad is clichéd and does not have a strong motivation. There are NO cutscenes, so do not expect to see things from the show here.Once you finish this, the only thing left to do is increasing your Rank, which is the equivalent of your multiplayer level. The max is 10, and it requires you to do insane grinding of objectives and then RESET all your progress, so you'll have to begin all over again everytime you level up. Lazy replayability is lazy. You have all been warned.And that's the game right now. It's not ""bad"", but it's not ""good"" either. It's funny but not captivating enough. Honestly, it feels rushed and unfinished, and there are plenty of bugs. And I really mean it.Many things are lacking, like more characters, game mods and skins. They'll probably be added as DLC, which only makes this ""Full Release"" worse. There aren't even any Trading Cards or Badge.TL;DR:I've been in this boat since January-February. I've seen all versions and updates of this game. The Early Access process was really weird. Some questionable decisions were made without warning, content was cut out for no real reason and the final result feels rushed. The game is fun, but simple, easy and broken. I'm sure the dev team had good intentions, and the game had potential, but $25 dollars is way too much for such a simple game. Not to mention much needed content will come as DLC, meaning you'll probably have to pay even more.At the end of the day, you can have fun with it. But unless you want to grind by killing the same enemies over and over and over again, the price isn't worth it.UPDATE: So, we got quite a few new things during this last few days.First, the price was reduce from 25 to 20 dollars. I believe this is a much fair price for the game. A good move, quite controvertial, but that's the price it should have cost after the release.Second, Horde Mode. Or should I say ""Defend from Waves"" mode, since its not an endurance contest against enemies, but you must protect specific objects from 10 waves of enemies, each harder than the last one. It introduce the use of torrets and it requires the teams to have a bit more of teamwork which the actual campaign never needs. But, then again, its just requires you to defend a position from some waves, basically what you have to do during the first two chapters of the campaign. And there are no new maps; the three locations being Emerald Forest, Mountain Glenn and Forever Fall. But its free, which is a good point, specially since, as seen in my first point, the price was reduce from 25 to 20 dollars. So now a new player receives more content for less money.Third, and this is the strong point. Team JNPR was released as a DLC. It costs 5 dollars...which I find to be quite fair. Now, I haven't been able to use them since I don't have money to spare right now, but from what I've read and watched, they are better and funnier to play with than RWBY, and presents both a better and a more diverse gameplay. So yep, it sounds like JNPR is a success! Let's see if the hype can survive more than a week, though. But granted, it sounds like a good DLC.So, you may ask, why is this review still a negative one? We have more content for a lower price, and a good DLC!Well, the thing is, even though all of this is great, the core game still kinda sucks. This update haven't touched any of the issues previously discussed. The Rank System is still broken and requires waaay too much time and sacrifice. Team RWBY still feels boring, and the core gameplay wasn't polished.So yeah, the reduction of the game's price was a good move. Horde mode wasn't a great addition, but it was okay. And JNPR seems to be great, but that's a DLC. The Main Game still needs some love. So, even though this update brought the game to a grey area, it still have some ways to go if they want to change this review to a positive one."
,Not Recommended,418340,24382829,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Arrow,"TL;DR Ultimately the game ended up being disappointing, even as a long time fan of the series. The devs rushed the full release out, overcharged for the amount of content, and plan on charging even more money for future additions to the game.I really hate to say that I am ultimately not satisfied with this game but I have to. I love RWBY and have had a ton of fun following it. I bought this game back when it first released into early access and have run through it with my friend many times now. Back then the game looked really promising. There was still more to add and many things that needed to be worked on but I thought ""it's okay, the devs will definitely get there in time"". Each time a new update was released we would run through the game again and each time it got better and better. That is until the final release.So what exactly is the problem?1. The devs decided to change the player models for some reason. Originally they were using the exact models from the show but claimed they were causing performances issues (they weren't, even on ym friends lower end laptop). The ones that ended up in the game in the full release aren't bad, but they still aren't quite as good as the originals.2. Ultimately the game feels hollow and rushed. Each time I got a new update it felt as though a lot of new content was added...until I actually completed that content. There are only 10 levels and they pretty much all involve doing the same thing over and over, fighting waves of enemies. This isn't inherntly bad but the game doesn't do anything to make it good.3. The environments are all basically the same. In pretty much every encounter your move into a slightly differently shaped flat open plain and fight monsters. There is basically zero exploring to do, you are often blocked off by invisble walls for no real reason, and there isn't really anything in the environment to use during battles (save for a few exploding barrels in the later levels which is pretty lame).4. There are no more than 10 enenmies in the game, and 10 is being generous. You basically have 4 different types of grim and then larger versions of them plus some robots. This wouldn't be so bad if fighting them wasn't the same every time.5. The full release price is far too much for the amount of content it has. I only paid $15 back in early access and even then I feel kind of cheated because of how most worthwhile future updates are going to work.6. The devs decided to make most future updates paid DLC. The only free content is horde mode which honestly I don't feel is even difficult for them to add. The original prototype for the game was a horde mode and the entire game is mor eof less just a series of horde mode battles. They basically don't have to do anything besides make an arena and then make wave sinfinite.7. Future DLC will be massively overpriced, just like the base game. The devs are planning to add other teams to the game which you will have to pay $10 for (only JNPR confirmed). As far as I am aware this is just the characters and nothing else. No new levels, no new enemies, no new modes.8. The music. This is more of a personally thing but it drives me crazy that the decision was made to use instrumental version of songs from the show that don't even loop properly. It would have been much better if they included the vocals where appropriate."
76561198039227604,Not Recommended,418340,24153421,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,empty,"The ""full release"" didn't change the problems. This game is incredibly basic and not worth it."
76561198039151021,Recommended,418340,19419162,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Goongarn,"The game is obviously Early Access, but that doesn't stop it from being fun. Rooster Teeth will 100% build up this game, so any mechanical problems are bound to be solved. What we have now is a preview of something great to come. The game seems like it could get repitive after awhile, but as a pretty horde-mode beat them up, it looks very promising. Imagine Left4Dead meeting Dynasty Warriors, in the style of your favortie saturday morning cartoon."
,Recommended,418340,19420045,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Techatticup,"Played 5 Hours in the Beta back for sponsers, and I absolutely love the RWBY series.Really fun game and has a lot of potential to grow!Quick SpecsI am running a GTX 980, 16 GB of Ram, 4.2ghz processor, all on SSDPros:+Very smooth combat+Custom voice acting for the game is a nice touch+Level up system is nice and desciptive enough to know what you get when you choose a specific perk+Multiplayer connection is smooth with little rubber banding+MOST areas on the map you wont find youself being able to clip into the outside world+No crashes or frame rate issues+ The 4 girls for the most part are equally as good (my prefrence was Ruby) but the other three are still good.Cons:-Menu is a little buggy in the actual game (pressing esc), by that I mean you sometimes can't select options with your mouse and you have to still play around with it to get it to work.-You can get out of the map pretty easily in some parts just as long as you know where to go, no I wont tell you where-Running animation is very buggy at times-Wish there was an option for local LAN, it is a bit old school but with gamming laptops on a rising trend if my friends got  this game and came over to my place it would be nice to play using just my netowrk to minimalize any type of connection lag.-I can get into Fallout 4 significantly faster on my computer then getting into RWBY: GE, start up takes some time for some odd reason.-Can not re-map my controlls, I really have no reason too but other people for a fact will want to.Nit Picky Section (As I play the game more I will add any little things here)-No SFX scroll for sound, so I cant make the gun shots and scyth slices quiter-No tutorial so for newer players your just going to have to figure everything out, the help section does contain controls so that is a bonous-Wish I had to option to voice communicate not just textThe game is still so new it is very hard to nit-pick every fine detail and judge it. Since it is an early access beta it deserves a bit of an handicap; however, I will say this, for an early access beta, this is one of the best ones I have played in terms of the gaming running fluidly even in its early stages.Good Job RT games and I wish you the best of luck in doing this game right :)"
,Not Recommended,418340,26564331,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,∮Ñ ๑ î r ∈ ♫,"With little content and a high price, RWBY: Grimm Eclipse, as a game of hack and slash, delivers a set of 4 characters, each with a range of combinable skills to displays fast-paced actions to its players. As to the details:Pros:+ Unique art and character design+ Emphasis on the importance of teamwork as it provides mightier skills+ Simple controls and smooth movementCons:- For a game with only little content, it costs too much.- Can be dull after a short moment of gameplayRWBY did give me a good time in my first hours of game, with pretty art design as well as the in-game actions. I could also get the touch of its fighting quite quickly as its controls are not complex and friendly to new players.Personally, I played the game when it was in Alpha stage, and now, I feel that it still needs some more development even after being finalised, there are only 10 maps or levels and limited techniques to be unlocked. The controls, which I mentioned before as easy, can also act as a flaw here as the game only gives a few ways to take down adversaries.Although RWBY: Grimm Eclipse does offer a satisfying gameplay that lasts briefly, with its current price in exchange for an almost feeble content, it's quite unreasonable. If you want to try it out, I strongly recommend to wait for a discount."
,Not Recommended,418340,28926979,Posted: 1 January,all,Jimmy P,"DISCLAIMER: I HAVE NEVER SEEN THE SHOWAfter playing RWBY: Grim Eclipse, I simply cannot reccomend this game to anyone. The game claims that each character feels fun and unique, but Two Guns Blue Boy simply isn't fun to play! His guns feel unresponsive. The game feels repetetive, unfun, bland and boring. The game feels overly short to me and the story is a jumbled mess. The characters play the exact same and aren't fun (minus the DLC, also ♥♥♥♥ TWO GUNS BLUE BOY). The game looks like an early Dreamcast game, even on Ultra settings. The character models in particular look atrocious, the one exception to this is the red garden are, which I thought looked very nice, but even so: 1 level out of 10 is not good. Much like how RWBY immitates an actual anime, this game immitates an actual beat em up, and falls flat on it's face. PS: ♥♥♥♥ TWO GUNS BLUE BOY"
,Not Recommended,418340,24711737,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,jwfiredragon,"Meh.The game's not actively bad: everything works properly and there aren't any major glitches, but that's really it. The gameplay is incredibly repetitive and lacks substance. It's just spamming left/right-click and dodging attacks. The enemies have easily predictable movements, and the only real difference is how long it takes to kill them. The upgrade system isn't all that great either - there aren't enough options (or skill points) to make it interesting.On the bright side, the story is alright and the graphics are good. Voice acting and music are great as well, if a little repetitive.Overall, the aesthetics are good but the gamplay is mediocre at best. If you're a RWBY fan, this is a decent game for time-killing, but otherwise I would not recommend it as it is now."
,Recommended,418340,19449375,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Jacon Clay,"TL;DR- I am a big fan of the RWBY video series. I find this game is worth what I paid for it as I've throughly enjoyed the hours I've played it. While it does have flaws they're easy to over look as it's fresh release early access and I've spent more money on worse games than this. From what I see there is a solid ground work laid for the Developer to build a great game off of as it comes out of EARLY ACCESS. Worth it IMO.Long Version- I am a fan of RWBY, while I love the series I'll be as honest as I can about the games short comings. I've spent almost 9 hours so far playing this game, and I'm still enjoying it.The game is early access, this is sometimes brutally apparent on some of the graphical/sound glitches  you will come across (there have been far fewer visual/sound glitches since the first patch). It also only has two levels you can currently play. The character customization (skill tree) is very basic but the system is there to be built upon. So far the game has not crashed and I've been running it on max settings. I've had no problems jumping into online games or having other people jumping into my online games. While it's not really a single player option you can play solo by creating your own lobby and setting it to friends only while you're in ""offline"" mode, but at this point in time it's the same as multiplayer. There are no character saves, so every time you start a new game you have to progress from character Level 1. The good news is kills and unlocked skills DO stay when you make new characters so you don't have to struggle like hell. I would like to think that Rooster Teeth will finish polishing this game until is shines like the show it's based on.PRO list:•Voice acting has real voice actors.  (go team RWBY!)•3 days after early release they fixed the sound glitches, no more bleeding ears!•Also fixed the bugs where soundFX would cancel out voices.•Also fixed many of the terrain level visual glitches. And the uneven surface gravity glitch.•Character personas are like their series counterparts•Visually appealing environments even though it is early access.•Minor (very minor, like I've only seen one on each zone) route changes on maps. You're not always running down the same paths. (I can only hope this might one day have some randomization to locations like Mountain Glen.)•Super easy controls for mindless smash and bash fun. I've used Keyboard and Xbox controllers happily.•Quick match is actually quick, I've never spent more than 10 seconds before being connected to a game.•Skill Challenges and Unlocked Utilities are saved so if you grind it's yours.•It is funCON list:•Only 2 maps currently. Each map has two sectors but it's still kinda small feeling.•Skill tree is kinda basic currently. (I'd like to see more of the characters Semblance powers)•Ranged attack kinda targets what it wants when it wants unless your enemies are close. And sometimes then also. (I'm talking to you Weiss...)•Invisible walls, as far as the eye can see. Or can't see, they're invisible after all...Character classes based off my opinions:Ruby- Range OP, can also do some decent AoE damage with Crescent Rose if she's in a pinch.Weiss- Crowd Control, dat Ice Queen freeze is nice in a pinch. Myrtenaster not that great of damage.Blake- Airial assualt, spent most of my time juggling enemies and up in the air. Gambol Shroud gun doesn't cause knock back eitherYang- Bruiser/melee, her Ember Celica seems to hit the hardest of all though it's gun range is super short it still packs a punch.Is it worth it?If you're a fan of Monty Oum's RWBY and you're looking to support his legacy then I highly recomend this game.If you're looking for a 4 player co op hack and slash, I found the game to be a worthwhile investment.From what I've seen in game I honestly think that this game will go places and be well worth it."
,Recommended,418340,20413891,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Dr.Baka,-Started game-Friend picked Ruby to play as-I picked Blake-Ladybug shipping began and we saved the world-WITH THE SHIPS10/10Would bang Ruby Rose again.
76561198096690163,Not Recommended,418340,24196149,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Graves Law,"I, uhh.. Wow. Where to start. During it's early access stages (Who am I kidding, it's basically still in early access) the game had great promise. I saw it as my future favorite game on steam. Yet when they changed the character models WITHOUT any option to use the better looking ones, that ""favorite game"" I saw was going downhill. The all-to-sudden announcement of ""full release"" worried a great amount of people and with good reason. It feels exactly the same as when it was in early access.Levels are still very repetitive, while there is some veriety to enemies, it's still point A to B, kill some enemies here or there, survive some waves to proceed and survive waves while defending. While I like the basic feel of comboing in the game, every character has one combo that works so much better than others, which adds to the repetitiveness.TL;DRThe game is basically still in early access, it's very repetitive with a total of maybe 3 hours of content overall. I can't recommend this game in it's current state. Nor will I play it again until further notice. Probably the only thing I'm happy about is that I got it for $5 while it was on sale during early access.AND WHERE THE F*** IS TEAM JNPR?!"
76561198148377348,Not Recommended,418340,32076473,Posted: 30 May,all,llodg,"I love RWBY, but this game doesn't live up to show.If you're not a fan of the show, then this game would not be worth picking up.The game's visuals look very close to the source material. The voice acting is all for the show so all the voices are alright. There isn't really that good of a story, the ending falls flat, and it's nothing compared to the show in terms of writing.I've only played a bit of the game compared to others, but the game is already reptitivie with no real difference of gameplay design or level design.In conclusion, if you're a fan to the show and want to see what RoosterTeeth is up to, then maybe give this game a chance without going in expecting much. But if you havn't seen the show, then this game would just be a bust, spend your money on something more worth the money.Also, the devs are releasing DLC, most are just costumes right now, but it could change with more, NEEDED, story content."
,Not Recommended,418340,24170401,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Amazing Porpoise,"I don't normally write steam reviews, but as a massive fan of the show I feel like I owe it to the RWBY community to warn people like myself who blindly bought this because of its relation to RWBY.The game itself has changed very little since early access, a new UI and a couple new levels is all that has actually changed between alpha and release. The main complaint being the extremely shallow combat system. The few combos that that game has are mostly uninteresting or plain useless, leaving you to just spam one or two buttons the entire game.My second major complaint the lack of dialog from pretty much any of the characters. This game was produced by RT, they had the voice actors, so why didn't they use them!? The result of having nearly no character dialog besides the occasional out of place ""Yeah!"" from Ruby is that the game just ends up feeling rushed and unfinished as you walk long stretches with nothing happening.The iceing on the cake though is how they tried to pad out the game. As boring and uninspired as the game is, maybe it wouldnt be so bad if it wasn't so heavily padded out. RT makes the mistake that many video game developers make, and thats artifical length. Every once in a while they stop you and pit you against multiple waves of enemies in an attempt to make the game a little bit longer. Not only is this extremely boring its also amplified by the games horrible combat system, making the game a huge chore to get throughAs for some positives of the game, decent UI, music from the show (only instrumentals, and sometimes the song cuts out for no clear reason) real models from the show, and thats about it. There is hope that they overhaul the combat sytem in the future, but it seems there currently planning paid character DLC so it seems like the combat rework was possible pushed aside.Honestly, even if you're a die hard fan of the series like myself, I think its best if you just stay away from this game. Theres really not much here for fans or casual players."
,Not Recommended,418340,24781216,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,seraphin117,Rushed out of early access with mechanics that need to be fleshed out.Definitely not worth the full price.
,Not Recommended,418340,24419591,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,MrXBX,"I've played through the entire campiagn by myself and dabbled in the multiplayer. So I think I have the general jist of how the game works and how it should be played. That being said, this game is not, I repeat, NOT worth it's $25 price tag. Not in it's current state. Maybe like $10. The game has alot of issues: the models with their laughably low quality, the combat system that just lets you spam light attack then just one heavy attack: LLLLH, no depth to characters, combat, or story, the horrible ending (jesus christ what happened to that ending?), the dialouge: everyone speaks to people that aren't there and there is no back and forth between characters let alone the repetative grunts, cries, and yells, and so much more. What kicks even harder is that this is the FULL release. THIS IS NOT A FULL RELEASE. The game is hillariously incomplete. Horde mode, a mode that was promised from near the begining is STILL in development. The one that hurts the most is that they have already confirmed PAID dlc! A game that is an incomplete $25 game with paid dlc on the way? Yeah no thank you. Wait for a sale or just don't buy this game. Trust me. I love the show and can't wait for Volume 4 but, this is not the game that the series deserves."
,Not Recommended,418340,24399342,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,EvilEyp,"This game is not a full game, not worth the price, and not worth your time.Pros:The game looks kinda niceIt is a RWBY GameCons:Repetetive combatBoring combatThe Voice ActingINCREDIBLY short (Campaign will last around 1-1.5 hours)Characters all play about the sameThere is NO POINT in ranged attacksDevs pulled a Fable and told us we would be getting a lot more than we got (Where is JNPR? How about Horde Mode?)The pricepoint is INSANELY high for the amount of content the game actually hasOnce again, the combat is INSANELY boring, frustrating, and repetetiveThe final boss is absolutely terribleThe story is uninspired and clicheAnd overall, just ugh."
76561198010653835,Not Recommended,418340,26154600,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Graze Commander Type(Gundam),"I really want to like this game, I really want to but, I can't really. While I do enjoy RWBY as a series and find it fun, this game is lacking. It just feels boring and boring is a word I would NOT want to use to describe RWBY for it's fast-paced action and characters brimming with life.Positives:-Beautiful graphics which feels like you are thrown in the world-Characters feel in-character and well voiced-Combat is fast paced and chaining combos-Playing with friends to perform team attacks (Seriously, kinda feels like you are doing what the teams normally would do)-The mutant Grimm are cool but there is only like 2 variations of it (3 if you count the final boss)Negatives:-After a while it becomes a chore as the mundane hack and slash soon gets as entertaining watching paint dry-Story mode has NO variation and is completely short. (The only variation is the character dialouge of whoever your playing as)-When you want to rank up you hunter rank it resets ALL your progress, which ends up as nothing but padding and a cheap attempt at adding more playtime to the game. Making all the grind pointless. (What kind of ♥♥♥♥ed up dumbass thought THIS was a good idea)-Story mode's final boss is DISSAPOINTING! (I was expecting something much more to be honest)-Lack of characters to play as, only Teams RWBY and JNPR (So far)-Skill tree unlocks are a complete and utter grind-Not much enemy variations. (Creeps, Beowulves, Borabatusks, Ursas and 2 types of androids near the end as well as mutant Grimm)-Only 2 gamemodes, so far (Story and Survival(Or horde) modes)-Lack of story custcenes (Unless you count the in-game cutscenes)What I expect from the future:-More teams, like Teams CRDL, CFVY, SSSN, etc. (This game looks like a good opportunnity to flesh out the other teams and give them more life and maybe give them some more noticable traits. Seriously, Characters like Russel Thrush, Dove Bronzewing, Sky Lark, Sage Ayana, Fox Alistair need some fleshing out. I'd hate to see them as 2D-centric characters.)-More Game modes (Time Attack, Versus, a payload like map, etc.)-Removing that progress reset ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t from the hunter rank up system-An expanded story-More enemy variations (Seriously, beating the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of White Fang members would be quite decent stress relief)-What-if Story Scenarios (Some could be joke stories, others could be serious like what if one of the main heroes go rouge)-Vol 4, alternate outfits (PLEASE BE THIS A FREE UPDATE AND NOT PAID DLC)Overall:Grimm Eclpise has SO MUCH potential, I really hope Rooster Teeth takes notice and actually implaments the suggestions and refines the game even more. I'd hate to see it go to waste and GOD that would be a dissapointment if that happened. As for the price? I'd wait for the sale and wait even more for newer content to be released and when they polished up the game.Edit: So after looking back at what's happening now, there is new content!....In the form of DLC outfits and trading cards, this lack of content affects the score and lowers it.Rating:3/10Let me know if I miss anything out."
,Not Recommended,418340,30762747,Posted: 26 March,all,drew wolf fan,wasted potential
76561198019015614,Not Recommended,418340,26071364,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Vaisaga,"As someone who bought this during early access, I have to say. The game still feels unfinished (it still is). And yet they released team jnpr as a dlc team. Seriously don't buy this unless you really really REALLY like rwby"
76561198065226357,Recommended,418340,20352725,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,DarkHearts78,"After watching the series, all I could think was ""Playing a game like this would be awesome..."" and this is just early Access. At the time of writing, Team RWBY are the only available characters.So, I'll try explain thegameplay.You play as a character, and you have 3 abilities plus a melee and ranged attack.As you play, you will unlock upgrades, which will stay unlocked forever, unless you reset your profile (Which i assume is basically locking everything again so you can re-unlock them)As you defeat enemies and collect artifacts, you get Exp and level up (Up to 10 in Early Access) and will get points to spend on skills, such as Armour Piercing bullets or stronger Aura.So, after reading a very brief description, is it fun?Short Answer, Yes.Long Answer, Yes BUT it can get repetitive. In Early Access, theres 4 levels, in which you run around, Kill Grimm, find a Centre, Kill more Grimm with a boss Grimm of some sort and end of level. Its basically that.So... If you like games like Dynsaty Warriors, its kinda like that. One-Four Huntresses against a horde of Grimm. Shooting, using abilities and slapping them with pointy things.10/10 Would play as Zwei in the full release.^_^"
76561198018818592,Not Recommended,418340,24152273,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,MrDrProfessor4,"It's a very mixed bag that I can only recommend to RWBY fans, but only barely.You can sense a lot of ambition behind this game, but as it's a low-budget indie title, it's not at all surprising to see that so many corners had to be cut and that it still needs a lot more polish. Despite the full-release, it's still a work in progress, but I can feel a good game trying to get out.The game is about killing waves upon waves of the same Grimm with the same attacks over and over, but the combat is fast, flowing, and it feels very good when four players are present. There aren't a lot of combos but the characters all play radically differently and, between the animation and sound effects borrowed from the show, feel like they hit hard. I actually really enjoyed fighting the final boss, even if he was pretty simple. Also, this game is not meant for long sessions. You'll probably get bored if you don't play it in bursts.The characters don't look like glossy barbie dolls anymore. They no longer make me cringe, but they're still far from the original models. I'd probably still be frustrated about this if Kami Peppers wasn't so good at making retexture mods. The dev team's top priority should be to make this game feel like an interactive episode of the show, as that is its main selling point. The look and feel of this game IS important."
,Not Recommended,418340,24000553,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Sonic,"While the game itself is a decent hack and slash, it is not an accurate representation of RWBY. Initially when the game came out on early access, the game was filled with familiar character models, scenery and sound that came from the series. Unfortunately for whatever reason, Rooster Teeth has decided to drastically change the character models and sounds that are nothing like the series.The models have a more play-dough like feel to them, similar to how some older anime were converted into 3D games for Playstation 2; this even affects the grim where they don't seem the same scary beasts that they were in the show. I'm not entirely sure how to describe the sounds but they are not at all like RWBY. Ruby's signature slash sound has been replaced with a more heavy like sound and the shooting sound was changed to something more like echoing boom.Bottom line; if you are just looking for a hack and slash and don't care about the RWBY theme, this game is for you. If you are a Monty Oum RWBY fan looking for a ""RWBY"" game, this game isnotit."
76561198231656476,Recommended,418340,20720876,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,VulpesDeathBot,"I think the first thing that needs to be said is that while I do, in fact, recommend this game, I recommend it under the condition that it receives polish appropriate to a series as impactful and immensely popular as RWBY.So far, Grimm Eclipse is like a flash project. Its very basic and the 'campaign' can be completed in less than an hour. What keeps it standing so far is the intriguing ways that it divides the skills of Team RWBY into different trees that all manage to feel cohesive and part of the RWBY universe.The visuals are actually fairly nice, but the voice acting is flat and disappointing. They have some intersting mechanics that make me feel like there is more this game has to offer in the future. I do, however, have to strictly recommend this game only to die-hard fans. I don't regret the purchase myself, despite the current product being a bit underwhelming. I look forward to seeing what will happen with it in the future. I'm sure it goes without saying that RWBY fans have high expectations of a faithful adaptation of the late Oum's work."
,Not Recommended,418340,25942625,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Mr. Gency,"RWBY is a game I wish was fun, but it's not.Combat/controlsThe combat is about as boring and shallow as God of War. Attacks were designed in a similar fashion as a Dynasty Warriors game, you have a light attack button that throws out a combo and a heavy attack button that does a chargeable attack and various attacks based on how far into the light attack combo you are. There's no way to string attacks together and no incentive (like a style score or being useful for different scenarios) to vary up your attacks, so there's no reason not to just whatever combo does the most damage or has the best crowd control.You also have a dodge that doubles as a sprint button when held, a ranged attack that's not worth using unless you just don't want to deal with something, and a garbage parry mechanic. The dodge works fine, it has iframes like a dodge should but there's not much to say about it. The ranged attacks can stun depending on your character, but if you can use melee attacks then you may as well just smack 'em around. The parry lets you block certain attacks to stun enemies. I say that because other action games like Devil May Cry, Bayonetta, or Metal Gear Rising rewards you for waiting until the very last second - no, frame - to defend yourself. Playing like that here will get you killed as the window to parry endsbeforethe attack comes out. A better way to handle the controls would be something like what the aforementioned games where almost all attacks have their own input method that allows you to chain attacks together and make your own combos.The health system is bad. It rechargeable like in most FPS games. This means that you're incentivized to run away like a coward when low on health and you don't have much health to begin with. I understand that it seems to be like this for lore reasons, but I still think the health should have worked differently. I would go with something that requires items or health drops to recover while having a bigger health bar. Maybe only having health recovery when a fight ends.Enemies and the unfair difficultyFirst and foremost, enemies can and (especially on higher difficulties) will attack you from off screen. This is highlighted best by the three-legged enemies that can burrow underground and attack out of nowhere with little to no warning. There's an audio cue, but that's only for parryable attacks. An easy fix without changing the game itself would be to just zoom out the camera to make it easier to see around you, but ideally enemies just shouldn't attack while off screen.As the game goes on, it introduces enemies that explode when killed, and parrying their attacks is a sure fire way to make sure they explode in your face since parrying teleports you towards the enemies. These enemies shouldn't have parryable attacks of any kind.There's also enemies that have a lot of unparryable attacks and very short windows to even identify attacks let alone deal with them. I haven't tested it (so don't take my word for it, please) but it seems like some of their attacks are even too fast to react to. You are given less a fraction of a second to identify whether the attack can be parried and act accordingly. The fact that the the parry window ends before the attack comes out means you have even less time to react, then you also have to consider input lag taking up a few frames and you're left with attacks that are more difficult to react to than they should be. If the parry didn't depend on a QTE to work and rewarded well timed parries, this may have seemed more fair. Enemies having attacks that need to be dodged in different ways would also allow for more time to react while still being challenging, maybe even have some projectiles that can be deflected.Then there's the higher difficulties where the devs seem to carelessly throw hordes of enemies at you. All attacking at the same time and from off screen. It's absolutely frustrating to deal with as one hit can get you stuck in hitstun as enemies chew through your health. There are several different things that could have been done to fix this. Having greater areas of affect for attacks would have made it easier to manage the crowds. When you're attacked, either you should be knocked away, be able to break out of a combo, or just have a chance to defend yourself in some way.Content (or lack thereof)The game is short, super short. It should take you a few hours to complete. There's almost nothing outside of the game's combat. You can go off the beaten path for s little extra xp, but that's it. It's just going to the next fight. If the combat were any good then I would count this as a good thing. There's a story, too. But it's sort of just, well, there.Some stuff I actually likedOkay, there actually are some tricks I found while playing. Since holding dodge makes you walk faster, I got into the habit of holding the button at all times, releasing it only to press it again when I need to dodge. Dodges in the air cover more distance than on the ground. Stunned enemies take additional damage on the next attack, so you have to charge a heave attack to take advantage of it. There's probably more that I can't think of. Finding then incorporating these into my gameplay was fun and satisfying. If there's ever a sequel, adding some depth like this would make the game more enjoyable."
,Not Recommended,418340,29637004,Posted: 1 February,all,Chicken,"For a long time, I've wondered why I never play RWBY: Grimm Eclipse, because I remember LOVING the pre-alpha demo developed by a single guy a few years ago.I just played it again and realized why I absolutely DESPISE this game.1: It has the worst sound design I've ever heard, hands-down. Sounds play for actions that I haven't even done, there are no sounds for things that NEED it, and everything's so quiet that I need to change the set-up of my speakers (or headphones) just to hear the effects over the music and poorly-placed voices. This failure in sound-design leads into reason 2: There is zero satisfaction in what you do. On controllers there's no vibration at all, and there's no screen-shake or environmental impact to indicate the weight and damage of heavy moves, so it feels like all of the enemies are dead grass being cut with a whiffle bat. Because everything's so quiet and there are MISSING SOUNDS, it's like watching an action movie without any of the post-production put into it. All you have are the sounds on-set captured with a mic that's too far away.3: The camera is awful and there's no lock-on system. I feel like even if there was, it would feel as poor as the movement does. The characters are floaty, the dash is too short to feel like a dodge, I can't see where the enemies are or know how many are on the battlefield at once because the only indication you have of anything behind you is sound, which, as I stated, is so awful that I can't tell what's in front of me and really quiet or behind me and really loud.4: It's definitely a co-op game, which is mostly fine, except that it doesn't seem to compensate for when you're playing alone using the single-player option. It's extremely difficult to fight every enemy and survive because the characters control poorly and don't do enough damage on their own. I've played this with friends before, and we had a blast because we were just mindlessly destroying everything in our path and talking about either the show or other things.The game was poorly made, and has the potential to be an amazing co-op hack n' slash, but a bunch of poorly put-together jumbles of game systems (and lack thereof) make it difficult to enjoy unless you aren't paying attention to it."
,Not Recommended,418340,23430801,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,kris220b,"currently the game is just not worth itback when it was 15 euros it had 4 missionsnow they added 2 more and the price goes up to 20 euros, not cool guys, just nothis is the type of game i can only recormend buying when its on salesome enemies are to weak, getting killed in 1-2 heavy attacksothers such as the wolves spam thier slash attack so much that stunlock is not uncomonyangs ranged shot in the show ( as seen in some of the very first episodes ) can clearly go rather farhere they do not, only the 3 shot combo has some range to itand also, the sound for some reason, instead of using the fantastic sound there is in the showit has been replaced with a generic shotgun soundgameplay lacks teamworkdepending on which class you play, backup is only needed when fighting the largest of enemiesand with the few amount of missions there is, getting some skills unlocked requires way to much grinding of the same leves over and over again300 counters or 300 heavy attack killsonly 4 classes to play with across 6 levesplay them trough 1-3 times and you know the game in / outfor the current price ( and recent encrease of price) there is just not enough leves or classes to play around withand no early acces is no reason for this, if you are going to bumb up the price for adding 2 leves, then you cant hide behind the walls of early accesso all in all, dont buy this at its current state, not enough content for its price*edit*so team JNPR has been added, and for what i have heard and red, they are better/more interestingly made then team RWBYbut not that it matters, because its behind a paywall, 4,99 eurosso now its a game for 14,99 + 4,99 if you want more then just 4 charactersgood job rooster teeth games...."
,Recommended,418340,21484249,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Ghra,"I brought this game becaused I wanted to feel like the Apostle of Emloy, Rory Mercury.>game delivered"
76561198107246291,Recommended,418340,23433371,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Godzilla,Please add team JNPR
76561198058278461,Not Recommended,418340,24725114,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Controversial Character,"When you play such an incredibly short game that lasts just several hours and encourages replayability with this 'hunter rank' by completing tedious tasks which honestly speaking is like a really crappy way of extending your 'game' . The game is     quite boring in terms of combat, it's enjoyable at first when you start fighting your way through grimm but then you realize that there is no such things as combo strings and combinations.....not even any combinations with gunplay unless you're in the air, it gets incredibly stale so quickly, hell, the best way to kill grimm is use the best combo on each character, its ridiculous, when the game came out with combat revision , i though the inclusion of a counter awesome and help tedious spamming of the dodge button but NOPE countering is just as tedious, so what else came by in updates, oh, team attacks, that sounds freaking cool and awesome!!! And then you find out the team attacks resort to pressing a button that is focused on single target damage, it does do aoe but not much..... it's also just the same move that every characters uses... hooray.So, now you know what i think about the combat system, its repetitive, incredibly so. In comparison to the old combat system which is just activiting skills whenever you want on the go. but i like it better, only because it delivers on giving options to how i want to fight the grimm eg (Yangs uppercut to one-shot ursas, Rubys spin attacks to kill off ridiculously large amounts of grimm, saving your allies via Weiss with the heal/damage/freeze ultimate, and Blake that provides different uses by her clones and mobility), these kind of things made me play the game longer until combat revision, i just get so bored with it. I know its not fair to compare to other games like DMC, but there is no excuse to how boring it gets in such a short amount of time.Welp there's the whole rant, i bought this really quick after the release of early access, i saw the potential it could have hold, but there you go, all wasted. With the 'full' games 'release' , the price has increased significantly each update, however with the lack of content this is incredibly unfair.With the news of knowing that team jnpr is finally gonna get released, i decided i was gonna enjoy a new set of different characters ( FINALLY ) , and then I found out they are actually gonna cost money....... hahahahahahahaha, nevermind.TL;DR  Lack of content(with the price range), lack of good combat (plenty of tedious combat), new characters actually costing money(even with the lack of content) = dissapointed and sad me.I give this a rating of   'How to not make an early access game outta 10'"
,Recommended,418340,21829047,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,ุ,Prepare for your greatest momentsPrepare for your finest hourThe game that you'll always play is suddenly about to flower
,Not Recommended,418340,29154458,Posted: 9 January,all,Nut Zach,"Its really sad because the show is very good but for some reason they thought a game where every character plays the same and doesn't even HAVE KEYBIND CONTROLS would compliment the show.You could do so much with a game based off of Rwby, but you settled with a cookie cutter character style.  ♥♥♥♥ing please don't let the people who opperated this♥♥♥♥♥♥anywhere near the actual show.#shieldsoutforPyrrha"
76561198204171983,Not Recommended,418340,31639141,Posted: 8 May,all,HeroGame,"I love the series, but I have to say this game is kind of disappointing.Hack n' Slash video games are one of my favorite game genres , but this doesn't feel as exciting as I'd hoped.Devil May Cry 3 and Bayonetta's 1 and 2 are two of the best slashers in my opinion. RWBY: Grimm Eclipse should havefelt like those two games, since it's creator gained so much inspiration from DMC and Final Fantasy. However, this gamefeels like a Nickelodeon beat'em up. I wish I could say playing the game was like watching the show, but I really can't.Way too linear, way too repetitive, and each mission is highly predictable.If you're looking for a mind blowing, hack n' slash experience, than you came to the wrong place.Although it is fun to play as both team RWBY and team JNPR, I think there is a lot more that could be done to this game.I wouldn't suggest paying the full $19.99 for it, but if the price gets bumped down to maybe $5.00, then go for it.All in all, love the characters, but bad way of displaying how they can really be in action."
,Not Recommended,418340,23881582,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,PsByte,"I'm gonna be honest. This game was better before the update. They shouldn't have changed anything but instead add more attacks, gamemodes, and more teams from the RWBY series. Using the actual models from the show was even a better idea. Seriously though the update didn't upgrade anything, if anything it downgraded the game. Fix the abilities, and adding a PvP mode would make the game alot more fun as well."
76561198318963350,Not Recommended,418340,24360197,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,IFartPopcorn,"RWBY: Grimm Eclipse- The Hallway GameAlright, speaking of my honest opinion, I got too excited for the game.As, for comparing it to the animated film, I expected too much more from it.Jumping into the game, the first 10-20 mins felt very enticing, lots of action,hack and slash, and original voice acting was great.But soon, as I ventrued out to co-op, I was soon to realize how narrow the gamereally was. It mainly consisted of;-putting you into a hoard of mobs-you continue through a hallway-placed into another hoard of mobs-switches maps-repeats.And though, it's fun to hack your way through flesh, the game feels super grindy, andlacks gameplay, and plot. On a brighter note, the action is very flashy, easy to learn,easy to combo. But, despite that, it does not compensate for its lack of engaging gameplay,nor plot. Having such a narrow world doesn't help either."
,Not Recommended,418340,24421698,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Broadsword,This is what happens when you release an early access game before it's actually anything close to resembling something finished.
,Not Recommended,418340,23775096,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,alexlucibello,"[ENG] With all the love i feel for RWBY web show, i just don't accept this game. I just hope this title will get better updates in the future because it feels so empty for me. First of all the characters' models were replaced with ugly one (www.imgur.com/a/oOs6w). Second, i understand it's just a hack 'n slash, but it's way too simple. You just have to kill and kill with few skills... at this point i prefer grinding on a mmorpg. Third, there are only 4 characters and few maps.Some skills look nice, but other than that... there's really nothing.I really hope there will be updates because this game has a really good potential. Please don't ruin this awesome web show with this....this thing.Rest in peace Monty :)[ITA] Con tutto l'amore che ho provato per la serie RWBY, non mi sta bene questo gioco. Spero veramente che in futuro ci saranno notevoli miglioramenti perchè al momento lo trovo vuoto. Prima di tutto i modelli originali sono stati rimpiazzati con modelli orrendi (www.imgur.com/a/oOs6w). Secondo, capisco che è un hack and slash, ma è troppo banale. Bisogna uccidere e uccidere con quelle poche skill che si hanno... a questo punto preferisco nerdare su un mmorpg! Terzo, ci sono solamente 4 personaggi giocabili e poche mappe.Alcune skill sono esteticamente fighe, ma a parte questo... non c'è davvero niente.Spero vivamente che RWBY: Grimm Eclipse riceverà adeguati aggiornamenti, perchè ha davvero un ottimo potenziale. Non rovinate l'ennesimo anime (anche se in questo serie web, ma ci siamo capiti) con questo.... con questa cosa.Riposa in pace Monty :)"
,Not Recommended,418340,33665825,Posted: 19 July,all,FrozenParadigm,"Bought it in alpha. Thought it had potential. Turned out much worse than I thought it would've.The battle mechanics are beyond clumsy, and chaining is basically nonexistent unless you're playing with a team. There's no AI so when you play by yourself, you're all alone.I mostly played Weiss, and her kit is pretty... non Weiss-like. Attack animations are uninterruptable by the player, but enimies can knock you out of the sky. Coupled with questionable AI enemy hitboxes and multiple enemies,it''s easy to get locked in position by enemy attacks (which is no fun in general). Game mechanics are very repetetive and boring, but not as boring and linear as the ""storyline"".The game had potential, but I definitely wasted my money."
,Not Recommended,418340,24550654,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Miransi,"Not a $25 game.I've played this game mostly in early release early release. Had a lot of fun with it. Now that it's out in Full-release mode with new features and maps and graphics I decided to fire it up and play.What's this? Why do the player models look like garbage?Seriously, the graphics seems to have gotten a downgrade if anything, at least in the character model area. No longer does it look like I'm actually a character from RWBY, but instead it looks like...I don't know what to call those blurry blobs that have replaced my cell shades. For shame RT.And the combat? Boring. It fails as a hack'n'slash. Need I say more? If anything, it's gotten worse than pre-release.This is not a full game yet. The fact that they're talking about paid dlc for this game astounds me right now, as it's still nowhere near being complete. I'm ashamed, both as a gamer and as a huge RWBY fanboy.Seriously, get your act together RT."
,Recommended,418340,33156604,Posted: 2 July,all,Fra923,"This is NOT the greatest game in the world. This is just a tribute.Game mechanics need a little polishing, the rest need a LOT of polishing.But even so, the game is really entertaining and the fast-paced combat is addictive.Mostly, what makes the game so great, is the co-op.Hope they make another."
,Not Recommended,418340,30893868,Posted: 1 April,all,Sonny 愛,"As a fan of the anime, I do like the game; however, this is not worth the price, especially for those who haven't seen RWBY.GameplayFun at first, but quickly gets boring. Very shallow.Counter Attacks:Each character can counter attacks depending on the situation. There will be a heads-up for this.Melee Combat:Heavy attacks and plain strikes can be inflicted. The combos are consecutive, the same everytime.Mobility:Jumping, dodging, and sprinting are all possible.Ranged Combat:Aiming is automatic. The first few shots will be a plain ranged hit. When repeated enough, a special ranged attack is activated. For example, Blake will launch a crescent with an AoE that knocks back enemies. This pattern remains the same.Ultimates:Each hero has their own ultimate which they can activate if provided enough energy.Aura:When fully depleted, the player is vulnerable to being killed. Think of this as a regenerative shield.Customization:The player can invest points into upgrading their passives and abilities. This is a streamlined tree.CampaignThe campaign can take around 4 hours to complete depending on what difficulty you play on.Your objective will be repetitive, but the voice-acting and setting at least make it more bearable.Objectives: Either protect something, or kill everything. Rarely anything unique will happen, for example, leading a time bomb away.MultiplayerEven with others, the game can still become boring.There are a few modes, but they feel the same as the campaign.Survive, kill, protect. That's it.ContentThe game lacks in content for its price.DLCs also limit players from what should be free.Graphics, PerformanceThe game looks great with its vibrant art style.I haven't experienced any performance or bug issues.Verdict6/10Only buy if you're a fan who would like to support Rooster Teeth, otherwise you will be disappointed."
76561198064623007,Not Recommended,418340,26042465,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,FeaR_TH3_Reap3R,"It's painful to admit, but this game was a failure. I bought this back at announcement, so I've seen it grow, and it basically went nowhere. I understand its basically less than 10 guys working on this, and for a fan game based off a show, it's better than some other attempts I've seen over the years.Bottom line, it's not worth 20 bucks. Unless you REALLY want the achievements, then the entire game can be beaten in 3 hours. It's stupidly easy, once you know the level path, you can replay it with all 4 characters and have them all max level in 10 hours. It's stupidly easy, and I repeat that because ITS THE WORST PART OF THE GAME. There's ZERO challenge, I can beat the entire game solo without dying even with a brand new character and no upgrades. THere's literally no difference in any game. Beat it once, you've seen it all. There's no strategy, just linear paths and button mashing.TL;DR Good attempt, but so much wasted potential, and the fact they are charging 20 bucks for this is beyond despicable. If you feel the need to get it, wait for it to go on sale for a maximum of 10 bucks"
,Recommended,418340,19440979,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,GG.Sunshiners,"Buy this game only if you really like the series and really desperate for more RWBY because at this current state, this game is lacking in everything. Thats my short review of RWBY. now for the longer review..First thing first, since this is a hack and slash action game the combat need to be really good. Soo, how is RWBY: Grimm Eclipse combat ? It got a lot of potential, but right now there isn't anything that you can do when encountering enemies except to press the dodge button when they about to attack and then press the attack button 8 times to do that 8 hit combo. There isn't any combining 2 to 3 of different attack button to combo your attack, just 1 button for attack, one button for dodge, and occasionally use the skill button to do 1 of the 3 skill available, long range skill, AoE skill to hit all the enemies around you, and another AoE skill that hit all the enemies in front of you. I have to admit its pretty awesome  when you keep the combo going by keep hitting the enemies, but the overall combat mechanic at this current state ? Its not really that great.The leveling system in this game is per match basis, so you didn't carry your level when you change the map, kinda like DotA 2 as the developer said. But, how is the leveling so far ? There isn't anything interesting in it, you didn't even feel that great when you level up since you didn't earn a new combo or anything, you only can choose what essentially a damage buff to all your existing skill, a health buff, a regeneration buff, and all other sort of other buff. That didn't make you feel more powerful then before. They really need to improve this if they want to make a great game, make it so that you learn new combo or add a new skill that you can use or something.The graphics itself its really good, it really capture the series aesthetic even though its natural for them to do that since the company that make the cartoon animation is the same as the company that make the game, they could just pulled the guy/gal that draw and make the cartoon animation to make the game animation. Well i have to point out that i have suffer a one second random freeze during my playthrough, even though my laptop isn't that great but it can run both Fallout 4 and GTA V, i'm sure it should be able to run this without any hiccup.The plot and the story of this............. Its kinda been told just from the voice acting of the teacher to tell you to do stuff and tell you whats going on, like ""what is the boxes doing here i wonder, ohh ! It was from *this* company ! Why they would do such a thing !"" there isn't any cutscene at this current state. The main characters also said something sometimes, like Ruby said ""Yay ! More Grimm to kill !"" or something like that. Truth to be told, as long as the combat is good, we don't need a story.In the end, just like what i was said in the first paragraph of this review, if you are not a desperate hardcore fans that need more RWBY or a really supportive person that likes to support the series that you loved. Wait until they perfected the game before you buy it.Now i will list all the lack of content and bug that i see in this game:-Lack of animation in a lot of thing like going downward from a ramp, or walking reallly slow using a controller.-In one of my playthrough, i get stuck in the terrain and cannot get out, game breaking bug.-Only have one campaign which took about an hour to complete.-Cannot change mouse and analog sensitivity in game.-Cannot change the control.-You could walk through some of the terrain.-The running animation feels a bit, floaty.-One second freeze and fps drop which a bit annoying.But !!! You might be asking to yourself, why you thumb this up if nearly all that you said in the review are a bad thing ?? Because this is a RWBY games and i'm a huge fan of it, and also i have trust in Rooster Teeth to delivered a great product. Please don't let me down Rooster Teeth."
76561197995126845,Not Recommended,418340,24492018,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,NonCombatant Boy,"I love hack and slash games. The type where with the right combos you can perform amazing techniques that are visually appealing and do the damage. I also love RWBY, the creativity, the humour and the charm of the characters comes together for an amazing story and very entertaining show.This game claims to be both. This game is a terrible lier. The combat is terrible, the combos hardly do anything, and the story sucks and lacks any charm.Why Roosterteeth? Why would you look at this, and think: ""Yeah, this is fine!"""
76561198154554709,Not Recommended,418340,25501817,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,HoboZone,"Look, I really wanted to like this game. I did. However, I can't say that it is very good. The game feels short, and lacks good gameplay. I can never find myself playing it for more than five minutes before being bored.I bought this game when it was in early access and I was happy with it then. Mainly due to the fact that I thought the game was going to be improved and expanded on in the full release. In the end, it turned out to be nothing more than a repetitive beat-em-up with an unintersting story.The gameplay was improved from the original version. With additions such as heavy attacks and team attacks. But, the game still sets you on a narrow path with similar fights and repetitive dialogue.It's a shame. I love the RWBY series, but this game doesn't do it justice.Overall: 5/10"
,Recommended,418340,19540903,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Atorin3,"I love RWBY but I am not a big fan of Hack and Slash games. Despite that, I fell in love with this game. It captures the spirit of the show very well. The graphics are beautiful and the combat is addicting and smooth. The ranged combat needs improvement, and I cant wait for the rest of the story to come out. Playing the same few levels over and over can get old. I would also like to see co-op combos. Most of the combat in the show is based on the team members combining abilities. I would like to see them add that into the game. Overall, this is one of the best early access games I have played. It is very true to the show and I cant wait to play the rest of it."
,Recommended,418340,19605345,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Gin the Cat,I wanna play as Jaune Arc!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Pros:  Get to play RWBY.Cons:  The game allows more than one person to play as the same character so you end up playing RRBY or WWBY but usually it ends up being RWYY.
76561198059120410,Not Recommended,418340,26023820,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,LettuceGaysmith,"Asking way too much money for there only being 1 hour long campaign, but I bought it pre-release because I wanted to show support for the team.  There haven't been any new maps and now they want $5 more for dlc characters that everyone assumed where going to be in the finished game anyway?  Also what a huge slap in the face for everyone who payed extra to support the pre-release, not even showing thanks by having the dlc unlocked for them! I was really excited when I saw the game improving but as time goes on it feels more and more like a cheap cash grab.   I'm upset that I fell for it.  This is a demo charading as a full game.  On the plus side the gameplay is really smooth and pretty fun, and I enjoyed playing with my friends.  I would love to play more campaigns but I'm sure they would just charge you extra for those too so I'm not gunna hold my breath."
,Not Recommended,418340,24149376,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Rize,"While people seem to mostly be complaining about the character models (which aren't even an issue), the biggest issue is that this is just a poorly done hack and slash. I would really only suggest this to superfans who love the show and everything about it."
76561198058200622,Not Recommended,418340,24588503,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Kamensky,"Doesn't live up to the hype, not really worth. The gameplay gets stale really quick and there's not much variety to it."
,Recommended,418340,29004917,Posted: 4 January,all,[h+]³ Diamond Doge,I'm still waiting for Zwei DLC.
76561198080170220,Not Recommended,418340,24180777,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Kittssa,"If I had to recommend this game I would say no.It's not that I didn't enjoy it but that it was too short, feels incomplete, the ending unfulfilling.Don't get me wrong, I did like the game. But at the same time I didn't.My explanation:RWBY the game was meant to be like the anime. But as a game.The anime was amazing, particularly at the end when there is so much fighting and all of it does not feel the same, each fight had something special. This on the other hand not so much. Fights where repetitive. All the fights were mostly the same. You couldn't reach higher levels than 10 so having placements of xp in levels such as the lab was pointless as by then we had already reach 10.I think I even prefered it when we use to click to use an ability rather than having to use combos. That's how I feel personally, I know lots of people would disagree with that one. But I mean for people like me who don't enjoy combo moves unless it's really cool and exciting and adds something special.The story felt detached to the gameplay. The story was quite boring and felt like we didn't have any interaction with it, we just did waves of enemies, that was it. We did things as we were ordered (that being the same repetitive fighting) but it felt like the characters didn't have anything special to the story. All we did was do some fights and walk forward most of the time.The story itself was somewhat interesting and funny from time to time. The concept was also pretty good.The game itself was short. If your english like me and payed £15 when it was in early access you too had hopes the game would be longer and developed more. But it was not developed much. When I saw the ending, I thought there would be more parts since it was so short. I was wrong. That this is literally it. The game gave no sense of accomplishment. The last fight is too easy, too boring and too repetitive. I would of liked to see that the boss had more attacks as you were fighting it. It was too easy to avoid its attacks and all of its attacks where the same.When the game first came out it was fun and exciting because we were all waiting and wondering what else will be added to the game. That the collecting of dust and driving a bomb off a mountain was fun and cool, There were also some other good and fun moments. But not enough. To the point where after you finished it, you don't really want to do it again.Overall the game was fun in some areas but I do not recommend it. It's not worth the price it is currently being sold at. It's a shame too because I really liked the anime and it had so much potential.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------EDIT:The game has some quite intresting updeats planed. I only recomend the game to fans of RWBY but I think every fan of RWBY knows about this game. The games story doesnt have really anything to do with the main story at all. Thats not a bad thing tho.However I do hope Rooster Teeth keep adding things and making changes. But since the anime I think people might have had too high of expectations of the game hence why some people may not like it. But I hope they keep tweeking combat inorder to make the game more fun.Also warning you will get SERIOUS WRITS PAIN thats not even a joke, it hurts hell of a lot after spaming buttons"
,Not Recommended,418340,24603658,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Thot Killler Ochako,"It's time to be honest right here and right now. I did review this game before when it was in early acess and I said that it had potential and gave it a positive review. But now that the full game is out I have to put my foot down and speak the truth, it's no longer in early acess so no there will be no second chances. RWBY Grimm Eclipse is just a bad game, just bad. And I want to tell you guys right now, RWBY really has effected my life, it's made me meet amazing peope and it's opened up a new world to me with so many great characters and it's inspired me to become a writer of fiction works.The thought of RWBY being a game does work! And having the game as a hack and slash? Perfect idea. But here's the problem with this game: it doesn't work. First off the UI and graphics are alright, I'm not asking for a powerhouse of graphics since this is RT's first game. But the combat is aweful, going into this game I had no idea that there was a combo system but there actually is...the game just doesn't feel like telling you this.The game also has no intro, no cutscene's and no unique character interations, it just plops you in, and this game is supposed to be canon to the story? I want to belive you I really do but I can't when you're not giving me lore and backstory. So what do you do in Grimm Eclipse, why you kill Grimm of course! Than what do you do? Kill Grimm! Literally all you're really doing in the game is either defending points and going through waves of enimes. It's rare for you to be doing something else but it doesn't matter anyways because you're still going through waves of goddamn enimies! In games like DMC and Bayonetta you're also solving puzzels or doing other crazy♥♥♥♥♥♥along with killing enimes, you're not donig the same ♥♥♥♥ing thing over and over again. It makes the game dull as♥♥♥♥♥♥Enimies are also ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, they're mostly sponges that will take hits upon hits to kill because they have♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t blocking system. See in games like DMC you can unblock enimes via combos but in this game? Nah. Oh and do I have to mention again that you have to find out the combos yourself? Yeah thanks for dropping a couple of Grimm on me and saying ""♥♥♥♥ you kid, learn it yourself""Don't play this game in singleplayer as well, for the love of god. They throught it would be a good idea to not have a pause button during a singleplayer run. The health system is also ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, you're health drains like crazy and you'll be running around for 5 seconds waiting for it to heal, making you look like an idiot. If this game was strictly multiplayer it would make sense since multiplayer for this type of game reqires teamwork but here's the problem. When the game doesn't have much to offer and is dull as♥♥♥♥♥♥you're going to get people not wanting to play your game, so you have no choice but to play singleplayer. If you're going to offer a singleplayer option: than ♥♥♥♥ing give it to us the proper way.I can't even begin to describe just how boring this game is. But I've already ♥♥♥♥♥ed about how repeditive it is so let me shorten this up: once you've beaten the first level, you've already seen what the game has to offer you. There's nothing more unique you have to see because I bet you the events of this game will not matter when future volumes roll around.RWBY Grimm Eclipse certainly isn't the worst game I've ever played, it works and it's not too broken. But it suffers from another crime, it's boring, repeditive and cluncky as hell. This game had so much potential but instead it leaves me with nothing but disappointment. This game is NOT worth $25 at all! Even with it's lengeth it isn't! And now adding JNPR and other maps aren't going to fix it. Even if you're a die hard fan of the show, don't pick this game up, even if it's on sale. Unless you want to go through the same heartbreaking disappointment I've went through you're best left to save your money."
76561198098269605,Recommended,418340,20340638,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Dragon Knight,The lowest graphics setting is called potato
,Recommended,418340,20251763,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,TSGuardian,It's alright.
76561198073841664,Not Recommended,418340,24530580,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,gonzo191,"RWBY: Grimm Eclipse is a 3rd person Hack and Slash\Character action game like DMC, Bayonetta or God Of War. It's based on the popular web series of the same name and was initially a fan game but then officially given the stamp of approval by RoosterTeeth who produces the series on Youtube. The game signifies RT official step in games publishing. While it is an admirable step it doesn't escape its fan made nature as there are many prevalent issues, odd design choices and a heavy sprinkling of repetitive\boring combat.Pros+ For what they're worth, the Character models looks nice.+ The audio's really pleasant. It's only instrumentals and no lyrics which may annoy some.+ Environments looks really nice I must say albeit empty.+ Combat for the most part, flows nice when utilising all available mechanics.Cons- There's no pause menu. That may be fine for multi-player but why doesn't the game pause for single player.- Combat needs a lot of work and gets repetitive after about 30 minutes of play. You have a light (square) and a heavy (tri) attack, counter, range and ultimate attacks.- You never get different moves you just improve the starting skills to make them more powerful.- Combat is repetitive, you'll rely on the same sequences over and over rather than trying something new e.g square (x2), triangle \ square (x3), triangle \ square (x4) triangle.- The enemy variety is quite low. There are about 5 main types of enemies with 2-3 different versions of each but they all act roughly the same.- The damage output you deal feels rather minuscule even with your skills fully maxed out. This can be seen when fighting against late game enemies where you could be stuck in combat against non boss types for quite a while.- Arenas are just survive this wave or protect this thing. I wouldn't have mind this if there was some variety to break up the monotony.- Your ranged attack is damned near useless, what's the point of having a ranged attack if you can't aim at or hit anything precisely.- You'll attempt to aim at something and when you shoot, the player will lock on to something far in the distance rather than the enemy right in front of you.- Enemies can seemingly break free from your combo hit stun and counter attack immediately without any warning signs.- Enemies can hit you from what seems to be long a$$ distances either that or the hit boxes are either wonky or huge as hell.- You can get stun locked in a combo sequence without any means of breaking free. This is apparent in later sections after the introductions of the robots.- Camera is abysmal. It gets caught by scenery whereby it zooms all the way up inside the player model thus leaving you open to be attacked.- Camera is passive rather than active and requires you to baby sit it the entire game.- Final boss highlights everything wrong with this game. It's in an arena with one tanky enemy, it has absurdly large hit boxes, it spawns tanky respawning mobs which take a while to take down and takes forever to take down itself. Does this sound found to you because it doesn't for me and was not for me.Irritations+/- Considering the $25 price tag, the level of content on show is seemingly not worth it.+/- If you play one character only the game is short, about 3 hours which may be bad for some.+/- The story is so 'meh' but in all fairness I ignored it early on as it made no sense whatsoever.+/- Hyper linear corridor walker with some hidden item action.+/- The voice acting is mediocre like a badly dubbed anime.+/- Lacklustre background visuals like muddy texture work, pop in and blocky shadows.+/- Has some performance issues when loading the text name of an area but this maybe due to the version of Unity used, probably 4.5 rather than 5 where this issue was removed.+/- Menus feel like programmer art, it's ok but could be way better.VerdictRWBY: GE started off as a fan project then it was officially sanctioned by RoosterTeeth but it still feels like a fan made project rather than a full retail release either that or the game was released too soon as there are too many niggling issues present in the final release. With a boring combat system, repetitive wave based arenas, mediocre and clichéd story and some unfair enemies lining off the experience I can't recommend you buy this game, at least not now, maybe after a few patches and improvements. If you still want to give a go wait for a sale."
,Not Recommended,418340,26037426,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Vih-nanodesu,"I have paid a fair price for this game which feels unfinshed, history is short and combat too repetitive (You basically spam one combo with every character because its more powerful and reliable than the rest, with Blake for example, LMB + LMB + RMB.) for you to now go greedy with DLCs that include new characters when the main ones still feel unpolished? Not forgeting that false progression with the hunter levels.I think I've lost my respect towards RT Games with this. But Im still hoping, it still has that potential in there..I have seen this game grow from day 1, when only Emerald forest was playable and there were no combos. I have seen it's flaws and It's pros and in this very moment with the little content it has and counting that extra content has to be paid with such an already high price tag.. I do not recommend buying this game even if you are a RWBY fan, at least in It's current state."
,Not Recommended,418340,19975423,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,zwoo,"Game lacks content, gameplay is boring, and the new models implemented are nothing like the IP it's working with.The game is a one and a half hour long borefest, all for 25 bucks. The content in it is abysmal, the gameplay is boring, the enemies are uninspired, and the quality of the game is laughable at best.The best thing about this game is that you can beat it in under two hours so you can refund it."
,Not Recommended,418340,29153581,Posted: 9 January,all,Angel De La Muerte,"RWBY Grimm Eclipse is, frankly, a repetative game. A VERY repetative game, actually. It doesn't even try to be anything more than a boring hack and slash made for a cash grab on the RWBY franchise. The game uses a combat system of spamming one combo constantly until the thing in front of you dies, and maybe using your ultimate ability or shooting an enemy from afar. If that wasn't bad enough, that's just the start. Couple that with a the fact that there is no tutorial which makes me think this game targets hardcore gamers, and a combat syle that appeals to only the lowest common denominator of gamer, a skill system that is slightly less generic and lazy as the combat system save the dlc characters you have to pay for, which add a modeicum of interest in the game, yet still nothing to save it from the unequivocal disaster that it is, and a painfully boring story containing none of the humor that the series is known for, none of the charm that the series is known for, and is lightly dotted throughout with half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥references. The only cushion the story has is that all of the voice acting is still done amazingly by the great staff at RoosterTeeth (save their gaming department, obviously) despite the relatively garbage dialogue the VA's are forced to spew out. I wanted to love this game, hell, I even tried to like it despite it's faults. And while the price drop coupled with the dlc release and the release of Horde mode has made the game slightly more fufilling (as if there was any real fuffilment in there to begin with, the game lacks anything substantial to hold itself upon. The only fun I could see anyone having with this besides the initial thrill of playing as a RWBY character (which I expirienced for a while as I am a collosal fan of the RWBY franchise) is if you and three good friends played it together, and just used that as a boring extension to your conversation. This game is absolute trash, and I hope that the creator of RWBY, the illustrious Monty Oum is rolling in his grave at this blatant ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ization of one of the most entertaining shows I have ever seen. Want some constructive criticism? Break it down and start over. I didn't expect much, given that it started out as a fan game, but with the help of what I once thought was an innovative and great production company but has started to prove recently throughout certain projects (Camp Camp and this game, mainly) that it can fail, and fail HARD the game would improve much during it's development cycle. However, to quote the actress Sally Field, ""you work it as much as you can, but you can't put ten pounds of♥♥♥♥♥♥in a five pound bag."""
76561198068802982,Recommended,418340,23273567,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,⚔ Crystal Branwen ⚔,"Bought this game when it first came out, now have over 700 hours in it and that doesn't look like it will be slowing down anytime soon. Gameplay and design are constantly being improved and no matter how many times I get the full flawless runthrough it's still an amazing feeling. Love this game."
,Not Recommended,418340,19423150,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Charles Stiles,"Let me start off by saying, I don't recommend this RIGHT NOW. For reasons I'll state below.First off, I understand it's in Early Access and there will be improvements, if the improvements are good then I'll happily change my rating.Cons:No lock on?This game is incredibly inconsistent with what locks on, and what doesn't. I've had attacks from weiss hit monsters at point blank and the next one right after flies right over and hits nothing. And other times,  I've had moves miss someone in front of me, but then that same move a minute later will do a 90 degree turn and hit someone next to me.The sound design is atrocious, the voice acting is obviously fine at the moment, but the sound effects, hit sounds, falling, aura recharge(Oh dear lord RIP headphone users) are all terrible, there's so much audible clutter. The characters grunt all the time, the weapon hit sounds all sound the same and lack any real distinction. And the aura recharge will actually blow out your ears if you're not careful with the volume. And also, did I mention there's no SFX slider in options? I checked.GameplayCharacters all play the same, it's left click spam to win. They have minor variation in skills and hitboxes for those skills. But while playing them, I've found there's no real big distinction in gameplay. All monsters are extremely easy and brainless to fight, I feel like I'm playing Dynasty warriors but they just gave the enemies more health, so imagine the fun of mowing down enemies in dynasty warriors, without the fun, you just slowly grind through a giant mob. And the ""challenge"" is when they all gang up on you, which works I guess if you're bad.Progression: Progression makes no sense, in a 4 player non competitive co op game. Why have progression be limited to only in each individual game, if you aren't gonna have progression carry over between games, it just feels lame to spend all that time leveling a character only to lose all those levels next game. And xp makes little sense, because it doesn't encourage team work, players that get the most kills, perform the best, revive the most people get the most xp. I've had one person yell at me for reviving someone because if he did, he would've leveled or something. Why should this be a problem in a co op game? You should reward the player for playing the game, period.The pros:It's RWBY, if you like the show, you'll probably love the final product. But let me say, I love RWBY, but right now, this feels more like a cheap sell out game than a great addition to the franchise.Will they add more that improves the game? I hope so, but at the moment, I can't honestly go to my friends and say, ""Hey, let's all spend 15 dollars and play this game together."" Perhaps in the future. But the way I see this, why should I play this game when I can play a game like vindictus, that has deeper combat for each character, a lot of content and progression and is free?"
76561197996458707,Not Recommended,418340,34892354,Posted: 11 September,all,Sentinel Chi,"Its pretty bad... If you want to play as characters from RWBY, check out BLAZBLUE CROSS TAG BATTLE when it releases. If you're looking for games like this, there are better options. Vindictus is flawed but its free.  Better alternatives.If you want to play as your favorite waifu and cant wait. Go for it.If you want to support the series, buy merch or something."
,Recommended,418340,19648074,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,CaliburofSouls,9/10Needs more red-headed gay pirate.
,Not Recommended,418340,28061781,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,DiscoverMark,Not really great. Poor use of a good IP.
,Not Recommended,418340,29856372,Posted: 11 February,all,N i c c,"As more content came out, it never was 'new' content. Each update feels like a reskin of the first area, with tiny little additions that might as well not be there. It's a hack and slash with absolutely no character progression. The entire game you feel as if you're the same strength you were at the beginning, and you fight the same exact enemies.The best way to describe it would be playing Borderlands without skills, you stay with the same guns you start with, and fight skaags the whole game."
,Recommended,418340,20308539,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Voxelat3d,"The game has gota lot of potentialand if the developers continue supporting the game for the next few years it can become what every RWBY fan would like it to be, but at the moment the game is in areally early stagewithlots ofsmaller and biggerbugs.To me personally it is already a lot of fun, even though at the moment thecampaignis roughly between30 and 60 minuteslong depending on the team you are playing with.Also should have called the game RWBY: GRIMM TALES.No? ok..."
76561198056272871,Recommended,418340,22795908,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,swissarmydragon,"I dont know how to get the devlopers to implment for future versions of the game.but there are 3 things i think the game could use- outfits , like different outfirts for characters there may be 4 ruby's but one could wear yangs colours, or maybe an outfit like ruby's mom outfit ect...- targeting push and hold or toggle lock on and switch targets-  definitly the RWBY music from jeff williams seriously, the soundtrack is amazing or maybe some original looping instrumental based on the soundtack musicjust hope this gets to the devs and they put this stuff in hopefully :D"
,Not Recommended,418340,26568039,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Ealon,"I bought this game during early access becasue I enjoy RWBY's lore and show. I've have been playing it off and on since.At first, it was enjoyable. There is a lack of story but the fun was in hacking and slashing waves of Grim, trying to one-up your teammates by kill stealing, and going through the level-up / Achevement  system. A pricey experience at $20, but still fun.The JNPR DLC crosses the line however. The game is barely worth $20, so when they annouced team JNPR, I assumed it wold be added in an update... Nope, $5 DLC.I really cannot recommend this game, even to RWBY fans."
,Not Recommended,418340,21758373,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Lina Inverse,"This game is looking like it will become a very good game in the future. However, as it is at the moment, it is simply not worth the asking price of £10.99. It's fun for a while, sure, but the combat is currently very repetitive and dull. You move from area to area killing Grimm that spawn around you and search around for XP drops. Occasionally you'll have to defend a point for X amount of waves... you get the picture. The actual gameplay is very reminescent of something like DMC or Bayonetta, although it is very barebones at the moment. There are promises of extra areas and new characters coming soon, and I'm sure in time we'll have a whole host of content to play around with, different game modes and characters, etc. Don't get me wrong, I like this game and the show it's based off a lot, it just isn't worth it at the moment unless you're a die-hard RWBY fan. Wait for extra content before buying."
76561197960960999,Not Recommended,418340,24235600,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Seawied,"This game is a mixed bag. I marked ""Do not recommend"" for lack of a better option.The game has the bones of a fantastic game, but is lacking the meat.Chances are if you are reading this, you are already a fan of the Rooster Teeth series, so I won't waste time with the character break down.Here are a few pros and cons of the game:Pros:-Characters move and look like you expect them to. They were very true to the series.-The studio used the original voice actors for the game.-Simple to learn, but a fair amount of combat depth-All 4 main protagonists are playable.-Online community is currently alive and healthy.-Surprisingly decent netcode. Not many indie studios produce online play this seemlessly.-Teamwork is encouraged, but not to the point where people feel the need to berate new players.-Many different ways to build a characterCons:-Very short. You can easily beat the game in under 4 hours.-Despite very standard visuals, the game is fairly hardware intensive. This is one of the few games my computer will drop below 60 FPS.-No expanded online content. You just play through the single player campaign with up to 4 people.-Poor online communication structure. No voice chat, and you cannot type during cut scenes.-No downtime to assign skills in online mode.-To unlock all skills for some build, you need to have an ABSURD number of kills. We're talking ""Play through the game 6 times with a single character"" long.-Hunter Rank up system resets ALL your stats. Ranking up will predictably reset your level, but all the hidden abilities you need an absurd number of kills to unlock also get reset.-Environments feel a bit plain. Most fight areas are large, flat spaces with little to no cover or obstacles in the middle.-Very little environment interaction-No PVPThis game could really use some post-launch patches that include more modes. It would be great to see a ""Survivor mode"" or a ""Defense mode"" where you defend an objective from wave after wave of enemies. A PVP mode would be fantastic as well. End-game content is very lacking as well. I'm sitting at 7.3 hours of play time and I've got all 4 characters to max level. 10 short missions really doesn't cut it in today's saturated market.All-in-all, I wanted an action game that worked well with a controller, and this mostly satisified that itch. I wish there was more content and challenges to it.I marked ""Do not recommend"" but, I don't feel like this is a horrible game, or that I was mislead or ripped off in any way. It's simply too short, and priced a bit too high for the game's overall amount of content"
,Not Recommended,418340,29786685,Posted: 8 February,all,Silver Rose,"Alright when this game was quite interesting, the grind for all  the skills was fun(ish) I greatly enjoyed multiplayer (when I used voice comm). The rank up thing....I hate it...I wanted to see what it did and...wow...all my hard work..gone all for a little symbol. Over time the game definitly lost its replay ability eve when the DLC came out I couldn't bring myself to buy it even though JNPR is my favorite team because my friends had got bored with it. Its a good game..for the hour to beat it and the short time to unlock everything."
76561198138348229,Not Recommended,418340,24409805,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,strizzi,"Definitely not worth 22,99€. I had high hopes for it and love RT & RWBY but you should only buy this mediocre game if it's on sale."
76561198192212805,Recommended,418340,19466657,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,blakexiaolong,"Do you like:hack-n-slash?hack-n-slash with a cookie addict?hack-n-slash with an Ice Queen?hack-n-slash with a ninja?hack-n-punch with a brawler?hack-n-slash with your friends?Roosterteeth?Games that are going to get way better over time?Games with a community of awesome people?Puns?If you said yes to any of these questions, get this game while its still only $15.Seriously, this game has its problems, but its also going to be in early-access for nearly anotheryear, which is more than enough time for them to add a crazy amount of content and iron out the issues. That said, its also going to get more expensive, so its worth buying now even if you don't plan on playing it until there's more content.Even though you should play it now...... Seriouslyand while its downloading,watch the showif you haven't already."
,Not Recommended,418340,25509528,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Commander Fluffles,When it came out in early access i thought it was awesome. One of the best games on EA Since they had promises of more stuff to come. That stuff came and the game left early access far too early. In addition the developers have stated their desire to pack this full of DLC i would not reccomend you will just regret it later even if you are a RWBY fan.
76561198135547008,Recommended,418340,20990662,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,{APG} Director,"Had no idea what I was doing when I started. Love the series and when I saw the game I hoped for a good game. And thats what I recieved. It still needs some polishing, but this game has a lot of potential. This game is not for solo players. Finished the campaign by myself as yang,and it really wasn't the easiest thing to do. Overall I enjoy this game and will continue playing it. Well done!"
,Not Recommended,418340,30608950,Posted: 18 March,all,katamari do your best,had alot of potentialwasted potential.
76561198053462690,Not Recommended,418340,24490936,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Darblet,"Love the show to death but the game just isnt enjoyable past the first ten minutes with each character at best. Combat becomes far to repetitive and boring. The music is good but most is just songs from the show, nothing wrong with that, however when they loop the first 45 seconds from a song over and over including the song fading out and in every time it just hurts the ears.My stopping point was at the final fight of the current story against the boss, after getting instantly killed by attacks you cant see, having minor enemies constanly respawing during the fight, having the boss invincible for 90% of the fight, and the looping music I couldnt take it anymore."
,Not Recommended,418340,34265426,Posted: 15 August,all,Griffin550,"This game feels really stale and boring to play, I only had fun for a while before I began to get bored of all the repetetive attacks and lines that are said from time to time. It costs way too much for the lack of content included which is a real let down because games that cost £15-£20 are games I generally expect to give me plenty of play time and replay value for countless hours, but this game can be beat in about 5-6 hours or less if you really rush it. I also found most of the enemies are really unfair like the red robot things that are nearly impossible to run away from and if there's more than one then your ♥♥♥♥ed because their attack patterns make it feel more like a chore than actually entertaining. I didn't completely hate the game, like I said I did enjoy the game for a while, but the game is too repetitive which is a real let down considering the show has a lot of variety, especially in fighting movements, which this game clearly lacks. If the game had an actual block button instead of a 1 second time frame to parry an enemy which is unreliable anyway as it doesn't always work, and if the game had more attacks then I would have enjoyed the game more, other things like better enemy AI and of course more fair enemy attacks would make me enjoy the game much more too, not saying I want the game to be easy because there's a clear difference between fair and difficult, and sadly some enemies are just plain unfair, mostly towards the end anyway. And of course the story needs to be longer, and there needs to be more things to do outside the story as the only other thing there is a horde defence mini-game which is already thrown in your face in near enough every story mission anyway, the only difference is you can buy turrets and there are more things to defend which is impossible to complete without friends...I would rate this 3/10 simply because of the lack of blocking in the game, lack of attacks to use, also the terrible point system which I forgot to mention which is basically a skill tree but you can only put 10 points on max, the repetitive enemies, the unfair enemies, the short story which is a problem considering the game was £14.99. And of course the lack of out of story content which is annoying because the game could have had something else for the players to do instead of story♥♥♥♥♥♥To put this review simply, don't buy the game unless it's on sale, like 75% sale. Because the game is not really worth your money, if you want to buy it to support the show or whatever, I still wouldn't because it's a very half asked put together game."
76561198091326248,Not Recommended,418340,26022592,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,MacDaddy69,"As of right now, I really can't recommned this game. Countless players poured their money into this game in pre-release. I did. I saw the potential, and I got super hyped. Now maybe this seems unreasonable, but I think only getting FOUR characters in a ONE HOUR long campaign is kind of a slap to the face. I know it looks like I didn't play much, but I played it on my friend's account. HUGELY dissapointed in the fact that JNPR is a 5 dollar dlc. For those of us who payed pre-release prices, the least you could do for us is give us four extra characters (Which should have been im the game in the first place.)To sum things up, where the ♥♥♥♥ is the 25$ worth of content I paid for.Edit: Okay then, 25$ for this. That's still hella lotta money for this game, where the content is sorely lacking. I'm a HUGE fan of the show, and I really wanted to like this game, but I don't see where the 25$ went. Fanboys need to not defend this game, just because it's RWBY. The show deserves a better game than this, and the result was super dissapointing. And say what you will about playing on my friend's account, I could care less if you think I'm lying.This game falls so short of it's price point for it's content and what should have been. Don't even try to justify the lack of content, because as a fan of the show, people should expect more."
,Not Recommended,418340,29998742,Posted: 17 February,all,ThunderCodes,"As a big fan of the show, I really was looking forward to playing this game, and putting some hours into itBut after 4 hours, I completed the game at level cap on my first playthrough, all skills unlocked for Blake (for those of you who aren't familiar with the show, that's black hair, cat ears).The game was all very familiar. You go through linear levels (chapters), fighting monsters until you get to the end. Occasionally you'll have waves of monsters, or you'll need to defend a point, or push a bomb on a cart to the end of a track. There are a few things to do, but it's rather same-y. The level design is beautiful, but they're empty, minus the occasional crate or artefact.The combat is fast, and feels as if it mimics the show. But you'll be attacking an enemy for a few seconds until you realise that you have actually done no damage. The enemies seem to be able to block most of your moves, and you need to get a few hits into a combo to be able to do any damage, and even then you don't really do much damage.When you first play, you choose a character and you are thrown straight into the game. No tutorial, no prompts on controls, no explanation of the mechanics whatsoever. The dialogue really lacks in terms of character development, and relies on knowledge of the show to be able to feel as if you can get to know the characters. Any cutscenes are bland.The other mode, Horde mode, is horribly unbalanced. You're going to need a full group of 4 players to get anywhere in horde mode. It just seems impossible with any less. No spoilers here, but the final boss also should be played with 2 or more players, or it can take a real long time.There's a lack of real story and character development in the short campaign, and the attempt to add such comes late in the game. There's little variety in combat and the characters don't really feel different enough to be able to play over again with the other characters.However, my review isn't all negatives.The multiplayer works pretty much flawlessly. I couldn't fault it at all, although it could do with voice chat for when you're playing with friends. I didn't notice any server-side lag and the graphics are beautiful. The controls feel natural, and despite the lack of any form of tutorial, are very easy to pick up.The battle mechanics are rather straightforward. You have 2 primary melee attacks (light and heavy), your ultimate attack and your ranged weapon. An icon shows above an enemy's head just moments before it attacks, giving you just enough time to dodge out the way. Or, you are often given the chance to counter, which stops an enemy from being able to block. The game also feels a lot more fun when you have a friend to play with. I wouldn't recommend soloing unless you need that solo achievement.Overall, I think that the game felt a little rushed. With large open areas that are most of the time just empty, minus a few crates, explosive barrels and hidden artifacts which provide XP boosts, rather repetitive levels and a lack of any tutorial. There were small things in the game that could have been added which would have made a lot of difference to the quality of the game. It just needed a tutorial, a bit more freedom to roam around, a little more thought on balancing the Horde mode and boss, and a bit more to do. I would recommend trying it only if you're a die-hard RWBY fan and you have friends to play with and some money to spare. Try and get this at a discount, because I really don't feel like it was worth £15/$25. Try get it on a 50% sale. As a massive fan of the show, this was a little disappointing.Don't get me wrong, it's great fun playing with friends and all, but don't expect hours and hours of this game without seeing everything."
,Not Recommended,418340,23998055,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Bucket,"This game is awesome... on the store page.I really wanted to give this a good review, but after trying all the characters and levels, it just couldn't happen. Especially since they changed the models, meaning it doesn't look as good as the screenshots.Pros:-It's RWBY, I love RWBY.-The combat is efficient, similar to a Dynasty Warriors. (Two buttons and the order you mash them makes moves)Cons:-Except for their specials, all the characters have pretty much the same or similar moves.-You will walk a lot, then fight 3 grimms, then walk a lot again.-They changed the models, now it looks... just not good.-The combat is efficient, as in, it's not nearly as good as Dynasty Warriors' combat.As of now, this game is definitively not full release material, and the release is in 4 days, I hope for the sake of a RWBY game the dev will prove me wrong and make it a good game."
76561198027646562,Not Recommended,418340,24166001,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,BlueFountain,"TLDR: Updating after a year since release.  Game’s promise from EA didn’t make it to release and lack of bug fixes and content (even with Horde Mode) I can’t suggest this for anyone except huge RWBY fans that want a quick easy game to waste some time in.----------------New review-------------The game’s promise died when it left early release.  The story felt rushed.  Content seemed lacking probably to rush the game out in time such as no cut scenes or Grimm introductions except for in the original EA levels.  Many bugs still exist in the game that probably will not be touched.Combat for RWBY is especially limiting where there is little difference between each of the main characters in how you react to Grimm between them and each one has a set attack combo that is by far the best which leaves little point to do anything else in the game except spamming one move over and over.  To make it worse is JNPR has decent combat to it.  Unlike RWBY, JNPR combat is unique between each character and no one combo is a stand out best for dealing with all enemies.  The reason I say this is worse though is because you can’t even access JNPR except through paying extra.  Why have the main cast stuck with bland combat and then make the secondary team actually unique?  Either way, we’re stuck with it this way as the Devs had claimed even while still in EA that there is no point in going back to work on RWBY combat.To go along with combat of course is enemy AI which is just pathetic.  While originally they would all attack you at once meaning you HAD to constantly dodge, attack, and change things up… well the final AI just circles around you and take their precious turns attacking you.  You can go make a sandwich and come back in Eclipse mode and probably still be alive.  The main way you can die is if you keep mistiming a counter which will cause a Grimm to get a free hit on you.Levels look nice for the most part, but contain lots of features you just clip into partly or fully.  The game is also littered with bugs that often will cause your FPS to take a huge hit, and if you aren’t on a higher end gaming PC to potentially crash your PC.  One area in particular (the end of Mountain Glenn pt 2) is especially prone to this due to the vast amount of Grimm that get spawned in it.  Trying to change the graphics settings to help alleviate this does not help.  There is little difference between  Potato and Ultra settings in the base game.Another area of lack is the lack of controls you have over the game itself.  As noted there never was much of an effort to change up minimum and maximum graphic settings.  Key bindings is also not an option from them.  So if you want to be able to make these changes you have to download mods created by the community.  Some even exist to try to help alleviate those who get constant crashes from the game.  Sad the Devs never bothered to do some basic game features and that modders had to come in and fix this.  Which means btw if you play on PS4 or Console you are out of luck.------------------------------(Original review below.  My new one I focus more on the game itself, while the original one looks at both the game and it's journey from EA to full release and the Devs behind it)This was a fairly enjoyable game when I first started in early access.  But for me (and many others) enjoyment of it dropped as more patches and information came out that drastically changed combat (for me and some others), or models and looks (for others).  But at least for myself, I tried to stay positive since it was still ""early access"" and the devs at least when I first joined seemed to be listening to us.As early access continued though dev responses to complaints became more snarky or seem to ignore them.  Models (which were changed suddenly) that much of the community disliked were first said to be done with and threatened other content would be dropped if the devs had to work on them some more.  After they were eventually tweaked some more a dev noted that planned content was lost or may come later (possibly as dlc).  Their scew up, but we apparently have to pay?The push to leave early access also seemed rushed since much of the game had bugs such as combat, character balancing, glitches in levels, etc.  In the final release many of those issues still exist.  What we got instead of fixes of that was things like a fancy looking UI, new levels that are also glitchy, and a ranking system (which is a cheap easy way to try to add replayability) that is glitching on many players so it won't work and all it does is give you a new number by your name and an achievement; nothing else is given to it.Sum Up: It had potential, but its just too buggy and unbalanced still to recommend right now.Edit:  Latest update came out stating Horde Mode is coming in October.  Just October.  Nothing more specific.  Also other systems will be the ""holidays"" and JNPR was slightly shown and finally stated to be paid DLC.The thing irking me is they really try to cram in the fact that Horde is ""FREE""! and they are doing a grand thing doing such a thing.  Yeah, sure they are.  Something that should have come with the game on release (back after the FF update hit early May it was listed as ""COMING SOON"" in the game itself).  So soon I guess means 5-6 months, or 3-4 months after final release hit.Also having finally hit rank 10, I have to say getting the ""reward"" for that feels even worse than I thought even though I knew exactly what was coming."
76561198035737266,Not Recommended,418340,24971749,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Subjective,"Look, I just dunno. I was really interested in this because I enjoyed the series and thought that it was perfect for a video game adaptation. I bought it with some friends and now they just won't play it with me.They find it boring without the emotional attachment to the characters and even with my own attachment the game wears thin really really quickly.Combat's limited, sorta buggy, repetitive and doesn't change significantly throughout the game. Unfortunately this game is also nothing but combat. So yeah. Don't buy it. It's not worth it."
,Not Recommended,418340,33623076,Posted: 17 July,all,Dodoliy,"I'm a huge RWBY fan and i've had this for a long time yet i've only played it for 2 hours. Before this game was released there was an alpha/beta version of the game if i remember correctly where it was basically me playing as Ruby trying to survive as many waves of Grimms coming to get my♥♥♥♥♥ The mechanics of battle in this game is very unique, it's not the type of mechanics that allows you to wipe everyone you see in front of you like Dynasty warriors and it's not a complex mechanic that has you fighting enemies one by one. It's somehow balances itself so you feel very powerful in game but you still have to pay attention to dodging and counter attacking which makes me love it. ( I still hope for more updates in the future, perhaps more combos and special moves)However the huge downside of this game is basically it's story and the lack of cutscenes. The plot is completely uninteresting, there are no epic cutscenes to an epic boss or an event occuring, the way the story is delivered is dull and it makes the game just like an arcade hack and slash game without a plot. Basically i'm just ""Killing all enemies i see just to find out where i end up"".Aside from that the level design is great even though some areas feel too empty and not done well. I'm not sure how to feel about the sounds in this game, the voice acting is great but the music in maps are non-existent sometimes and it definitely lowers the gameplay value. Last but not least, i think this game lacks a proper reward system; players need to be rewarded properly for grinding through hundreds of hundreds of the same enemy every single time. Maybe a complex skill tree, improved stats, or special combos/abilities can help increase the value of slashing those grimms.In it's current state, i cannot reccomend this game. However, if you plan to play with a friend and maybe try this game out perhaps help the developers as well then go ahead and try."
,Not Recommended,418340,33069715,Posted: 30 June,all,Behquonux,(short story mode yet) fun gameplay and good soundtrack til the final boss where it lasts way too long kinda reminded me of destiny bosses. The (almost) red like roses p2  Instrumental gets dull after the second loop I'd suggest muting and maybe putting on another songunless you really like the show I would not recommend it (barring a great sale price talking 75% or higher) unless they add more content and at least make the final boss theme loop smoothly and maybe make the robots fun to fightThe Final Boss was so long and boring it pushed the game off the refund timer/10
76561198082174810,Not Recommended,418340,25183657,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Tess-Chan,"I was really excited for this game when i first heard about it, I loved the Series and i'm a big fan of hack and slash games. However while I feel that it was really boring over all, You walk from spot to spot and once you find a single combo that deals the most damage, you fall back into just repeating this over and over again.You don't really need to strategize with this idea of constant barage of the combo. And the guard-the-area-for-a-set-wave-number gets just as dull as the regular enemies that are around on the map. The challenges for unlocking further abilities are cryptic at times and having so few enemies around at a time can make it harder to get said things unlocked.I wouldn't recommend this game as it does feel unfinished It feels kind of like I'm playing an extended Demo. If there were more enemies in groups, much like many other more entertaining hack and slashers with a couple of harder bosses that you need to stratagize for within the map, i would reconsider."
,Not Recommended,418340,23925307,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,QuimJi,"why does this have positive reviews, it is so badly made in general, even if you are a fan of rwby you shouldn't look past how bad the game is"
76561198069389822,Recommended,418340,19483957,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Khaos,"Pretty good, but needs improvement before I give it a wholehearted reccomendation.Let's start with my biggest complaint: NO CHARACTER/CLASS SYNERGY! None whatsoever. CLass synergy is afantastic way to make multiplayer more fun for everyone, as it stands there is really no reason to play omline unmless it's with friends. Character/Class sybergy could go a long way towards making this game a bit less repetitive, which brings us nicely into my second complaint with the game: it gets repetitive quickly. You only have two regular attacks and three special attacks, and there are no combos in the game, turning what looks like a fun hack-and-slash into a repetitive button masher, where you spam regular attacks to recharge your special attack meter, rinse and repeat ad nauseum. ANd since all the characters start out with all of their special attacks unlocked, there is never any real sense of player progression, as all of the upgrades you get are either passive modifiers to the attack, or to the player character.The game also lacks an offline mode for single player, so if you want to play solo, then you will need to create a private lobby and join the game with just you in in it. And finally, the RWBY stuff almost feels like window dressing. None of the characters handle all that differently, all of them feel the same, and the idea of each character in the show having a unique semblance isnt used AT ALL, which is a collosal missed opportunity to have the characters feel different from each other.All that being said, there are a lot of good pinttts about this game as well. RT seems to undeerstand that ""Early Access"" doesn't mean &quot♥♥♥♥♥♥out an unfinished, buggy, broken game and charge twenty dollars US for it."" The game is very well polished, and very stable, no crashes, no disconnects in the online, and aside from some issues with the character animations when moving over uneven terrain, no real technical issues to be found. And while I may have called the RWBY stuff ""Window Dressing"" a little bit ago, it is extremely beautiful window dressing. This game looks beautiful, and exactly the way a RWBY game shoulf look, the voice acting (recorded just fior this game) is top-notch, and the combat at least looks like something out of RWBY.♥♥♥♥♥in-all, we have a very beautfulm but very shallow, game on out hands. It is a fantastic skeleton, a solid foundation to build on, but not much else. If you're a hardcore RWBY fan, then I give it a tentative, all others... give it some time and check it out again later.This game has so much potential, and I hope RT impliments some stuff to make it as good as we all know it can be. MAybe have us fight some neemies other than Grimm, maybe White Fang Members, or Roman Torchwick/Cinder's thugs. Maybe a stronger narrative in an offline campaign mode, and if RT is really feeling crazy, some kind of Loot System. That last one might be a bit too much to ask for, but there is an absoluitelty fantastic game here, trapped in a slightly-above-average game. We know that RT has immense talent, and that the original developer has nothing but love for RWBY, so I hopoe that this game gets more depth, because I would love to Power-Punch a Grimm as Yang so that Ruby can send it flying into the ari and sklice it in half. Or freeze and enemy as Weiss so another player can shatter it."
,Not Recommended,418340,33245179,Posted: 4 July,all,The IT Guy,"I hate to give this game a downvote as I love the series. . . but it's flaws just outweigh it's characters. I wish steam had a meh button because it's really a 5/10.Pros. . .Was fun leveling until hitting the absurd level 10 cap (seriously why)Characters all feel different and all seem like viable solo optionsVoice acting is great when it's there.Cons. . .You have a game screaming to be replayed but the only incentive is leveling other charactersAfter one playthrough you've maxed the character at the absurdely low 10You cannot use all (or even half) the characters skills due to level 10 cap (seriously RT why?)Enemies jump from repetitive and stun lockable to cheap and only stunned briefly by ultimates rather quickly.The last boss doesn't do the move he's supposed to use to allow you to attack him, So if you haven't invested in the gun tree, you're gonna have a bad timeThe banter between teammates seems to be non existant. I would have liked some original dialogue. instead you just have each character saying their combo voiceline (gets annoying with 4 people)"
,Not Recommended,418340,24087792,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Hase,"maybe im too harsh for an Early access game but i've tried all 4 character and the combo is just too simple and i want more combo, skills. like DMC series (not the latest one).- doesn't support steelseries stratus XL for windows controller***why didn't they make a longer video to show off combo n skills, cuz that's all you get.- the game is plain and boring with unsatisfyingly limited combo and skills aren't that interesting looking (doe i quite like the cat girl's combo n skills)don't get me wrong, to make a game like this with a small group is insane to me. BUT anyone willing to pay 20 bucks for a game will expect a lot more than this.***focus on quality of a level is more important than the amount of level you throw in player's face, same for character, one or two awesome character will beat all 4 with boring combat.i simply can't recommend this to anyone, not in early access. go buy DMC 4 or 3 or one finger death punch."
,Not Recommended,418340,24419789,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Straylize Er'ther,too many bugs.too early for full release.
,Not Recommended,418340,26074209,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Vicky Kujikawa,"Even since they announced this game, I was hyped. I have been a big fan and supporter of RWBY since the first Red trailer, and even wanting to like this game, is impossible. I cant recommend it.They said they were going to release the game, but they were going to continue working on it and improving and adding things, and the price would raise when they improved that. I bought it in the summer sale before its increase, and I really shouldnt have.Im a big fan of this kind of games (Dynasty Warriors, Sengoku Basara etc) and I can play them over and over again, but this game is just boring. The story is not good, you are repeating the same♥♥♥♥♥♥over and over again (the enemies are just the same all the time, you have few combos...).And now they release the JNPR team, but hey! You have to pay 5 more bucks. Just for those characters. Are you kidding me? You say that you are going to improve the game and you just realease a DLC so I have to pay even more for this game?Honestly, buy it only if you have a lot of money to spend or Its at 2-5 euros in any sale, If not, really, is not worth unless they start doing some good♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198066093136,Not Recommended,418340,26068839,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Kuu Lightwing,"I bought this game during early access state, and had high hopes for it. I like the show, and I was excited to be able to play as my favorite characters and to kill some Grimm. Game looked pretty nice, used characters models basically straight from the show and overall looked like an okay early access game. Still had a lot of stuff to work on, but, hey, it was Early Access, right?Well, the game is released now and here's the problems that I have with this game in its current state:Release was rushed, they introduced a system that supposed to add some replayability to the game (Hunter Ranks), but in the end it's just mindless grind with no reward other than a colored gem and a number.Characters feel pretty much the same, but they are hardly balanced - some characters are much more potent than the others.Character's abilities often don't have to do anything with their abilities from the show. For example Weiss' only unique ability is to freeze enemies, and she doesn't have access to any other kind of dust and, she doesn't have any mobility-related abilities.Skill trees are pretty empty and boring. There's only a couple of viable builds for each characters.Some character's abilities don't work with each other - for example Weiss' long combo is ineffective against any frozen enemies (not that it's effective without it, but that's a different issue), while pretty much all her skills are related to freezing (see point #3)All ultimates are the same AoE attack sometimes with some extra effect thrown in instead of unique and diverse abilities.Being a team game, it does a bad job actually promoting teamwork. XP system rewards you for stealing kills, artifacts and XP orbs, and team attacks are pretty clunky to use and coordinate with others.This is the big one and is the reason why I'm writing this review. There's a DLC that came up recently, and it seems to me that some of the problems I listed above are fixed for team JNPR - which is added by DLC. It's fair enough, they had more experience designing the new team, so they could work on their mistakes, right? Now it would be logical to expect the titular team (RWBY) to get an overhaul based on responses about team JNPR, to bring them on the same level, right? Nope. Apparently they are not going to do so, based ondeveloper's response. Basically if you want full experience you have to buy DLC. And if you want to play a character from RWBY and not JNPR - I guess you're out of luck."
,Not Recommended,418340,26511245,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Noboty,"I bought it during the EA phase. Back then, it was unfinished and you could feel it, The story was nonexistent, the game ran terribly, the maps were full of bugs (I recall being stuck under the stage, forced to restart the entire game), and the combat was bland: being nothing more than mashing basic attacks and specials until everything was dead with no sort of variety to the attacks, no room for flashly combos a la Devil May Cry. However. it was said that it would improve; performance was to be optimized, models and backgrounds were to be improved, the combat was to have more variety, the story was to be more fleshed out, and team JNPR was to be playable. This was all slated to be released before the game's official release. However, the game's release comes and none of the proposed changes ever arrived.Models were changed for the sake of performance, but the new models were ugly and no longer resmeble the show's art style. So, the game runs slightly better, but the performance gains are marginal and came at the heavy cost of immersion. The story was still nonexistent, only getting a couple of more lifesless areas. The combat was still nothing more than mashing conventional attacks. Most egregious of all, however, was team JNPR's absence. Team JNPR did eventually arrive, but instead of being in the base game as was promised, it was made into paid DLC. Supposedly, the DLC came with better combat, but it only affects the contents of the DLC, not the base game, so fans of team RWBY get shafted. Thus, if you want better gameplay, you are forced to pay for it.For all these reasons, I cannot recommend the game at all. Save your cash and go buy Devil May Cry."
,Recommended,418340,33508441,Posted: 13 July,all,U Betcha Ur Swedish Meatballs,"I love this game very much and have played it a lot, but it has its pros and cons.Some pros are that its overall a simple game. It has easy to learn combos for all your hack n' slash needs, a variation of enemies (of which none are impossible to kill, they all have a technique of easily beating them), showcasing a majority of our favorite characters from RWBY (and some new ones), a good achivement system (some are harder than others but are possible in a few or many tries, depending on skill level, with a good group or by yourself), a short but snesible story line, pretty textures and maps, a fun multiplayer mechanic, has singleplayer campaign and multiplayer campaign and horde mode, a ranking system to challenge yourself, fun punch lines with good voice acting, some extra characters dlc along with costume packs, some funny glitches and mods to play around with, and some other things I can't think of right now. But it does have its dowsides.The campaign is extremely short, (you can beat it in a matter of a few hours) so it becomes repetitive after a while. It does have a Ranking system in which you can complete special tasks in order to rank up, but some of the tasks are huge (like killing 200 alphas beowolves, which is a harder spawn to farm and it takes forever) and once you rank up, you lose all of your levels, abilities that were unlocked, and the choice of choosing whihc map you want. The reset of skills and large tasks wouldn't be so bad except for the fact the campaign is short and there are only three horde maps, so you're doing the same levels and maps over and over again. It gets tedious. But thankfully there are great people who have modded the game (mainly Gvk) to add more content (game modes, custom textures, custom models, custom maps, good features (like extra quality settings to help those with bad computers, fun commands to change the characters size of head, visibility, even spawning character models to look at, adding 8 player multiplayer lobby, and a lot of other things.) The mods really help with keeping the game new and refreshing to keep you interested in still playing the game after completing it. There is also a decent playerbase who are happy to help people with complteing the game, getting achievements, teaching play styles, encouraging retexturing and modding suggestions and packs themsleves, and showing plenty of other tips and tricks.Overall its a decent game and a lot of fun with friends, but it can be a bit tedious after a while. Getting mods really helps with the experience of adding new content and new ways to have fun in the game with friends and other random players.If you aren't a huge RWBY fan, I would not suggest getting this game because its really more appealing for those who love RWBY and gets to experience themed maps and moves. If you are a huge RWBY fan and can overlook the tedious parts, find a good playerbase, and/or get mods, you will most likely love this game as much as I do. Hope this was helpful and I mean no disrespect to anyones opinions about this game; this is just what I feel about the game myself."
,Recommended,418340,22823140,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Destiny,"FOREVER FALL UPDATE (3.6 Hours, 5/6/2016) -- What a great update!  There was a lot of content in this one.  Extended the multiplayer and singleplayer campaign to about an hour total now.  The visuals and animations are a LOT more polished, although I do kind of miss the Borderlands esque shader that gave it that more cartoony edge, for some reason its missing in my game and I don't know if thats intentional or not.  As far as the taunts go, it is great to finally have them, however each character only gets one taunt and it can get kind of repetative and annoying hearing the other teammates doing the same taunt 20 times in a row.  The new map is beautiful by the way.  And I really like the incorperation of the new enemies.  Keep up the great work RT!ORIGINAL REVIEW (2.1 Hours, 5/5/2016) -- I love this game.  The combat is probably my favorite part... blending aspects of Kingdom Hearts and Dynasty Warriors.  The music is amazing, and the voice acting (though there isn't that much voice acting) is solid and engaging.  It's really cool how the gameplay runs like a Left 4 Dead combined with Kingdom Hearts.  Also, unlike most games nowadays there really aren't any bugs (at least none that I have encountered in my short gameplay so far).I only have a few criticisms, and I'm assuming they will be fixed with the upcoming updates;  Content wise, at 2.1 hours I have already beaten the ""campaign"" twice, this is quite short so far, but tomorrows update may extend the campaigns length.  There also is not much of a variety of enemies, but that is generally to be assumed from early access.  It seems they are promising more enemies later on towards the actual launch.Some things im not quite sure about (positives or negatives, you decide); The developer isn't very clear/open with the community about upcoming content.  This may be a good thing in that they are focusing more on development rather than marketing, however, it could also be bad in that there isn't much forthcoming content.  Im not sure which it is, but we will figure out soon enough.All that aside, I have had an insane amount of fun playing this game, and it would be interesting to see where it goes with PvP / Team PvP as well.  As I said I have played through the ""campaign"" twice and found it very enjoyable so far.  I can see myself spending much more time replaying it with friends.  I recommend this game to anyone who is looking for a good hack n' slash game that's not overly complex and is willing to support a developer and wait a bit for new content."
76561198298749763,Not Recommended,418340,31453616,Posted: 29 April,all,JRay358,the thing about rwby grimm eclipse is that it's bare bones [lacking content] all it has is story mode [which is only 10 chapters long] and horde mode i ran into this with a open mind and barely seen footage of the game and paid 15$ and after playing this for myself with my own thoughts as of now it is not worth it it just needs more content to be good as of now it's ok even for rwby fans it's ok unless you really love rwby and wanna try it  i can't really think of anything since im not the biggest fan of the show but i still do love it a lot but the only things i can think of is....[one' it needs to have more enemies] enemies that are more tougher and they might take longer to kill but the game get's old enough as it is and this is comming from a guy who plays and loves kingdom hearts to no end....[two' better graphics ] i find it pretty lame how the beta from when ruby was only playable in the snow place looked better then the final version everything here looks plastic i know the team has there hands full with the rwby show maybe after the show's done but if they have the time for the love of god fix this......[three better online hold on hold on the net code is good im saying more detail in online like when you go in online in a room or make one give us the option to up the difficulty to hard super hard or as the game calls it eclipse and actually give us a challange which brings me too problem [#four the game is too easy sometimes] if you have the right character and character upgrades and know all the mlg pro stuff [joking aisde] you can win like nothing else now note. i myself haven't tried hard mode just yet cause the fact i haven't played it in a bit because of it gets too old for me after sometime like i said earlier plus the fact my xbox controller might be a bit glitched with the dash button but still good but the fact you can't change the diffculty in online which sucks........[five a vs mode] yes i know it's cliche but come on you have to admit it would be fun and great for one of those people who say which rwby character would win in a fight but if you have a game with online doesn't matter if it's racing fighting or shooters why not this if you have a reason why not let me know i think it'll be like a 3d free roam smash bros 4p free for all but keep the health bears it'd be great if you ask me.....but that's just what i think rwby grimm eclipse needs to be a better game and before anyone ask what about the story i don't think it's done yet it has a chance to be good i think it could be intresting if they end up giving up here it'd be a missed chance to upgrade something ok to make it better therefore more money but that's just what i think do you like this review? is it too long? did you agree or disagree with my points let me know this jounbat4 and im outta here!
,Recommended,418340,23720335,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,pokefan548,"Pretty adictively fun. The level 10 cap is a little annoying, but hey, gotta reign in the players somehow, eh?A quick rundown on character roles, so you can be aware of what you're going into, and who to pick:• Ruby (Jack of all Stats): A good balance of range and power, a decent ground and air game over all.• Weiss (Support): Weiss' linear upgrade trees and melee game leave a lot to be desired, but her long-ranged ice spells are wonderful for supporting your team. A good spell-sniper can make everyone else's job tenfold easier.• Blake (The variable): Blake is interesting, as having one of the widest skill trees allows her to play  either as a teammate-rescuing support of a super-offensive smashfest. A favorite of veteran players.• Yang (The Beatdown): Yang is all about short range, fast, intense action. Whether on the ground or in the air, she's always moving on a horizontal plane. Her attacks are fast and powerful, but  unfortunately she has a neigh non-existant range game, relying soley on her ranged special to hit anything more than a few feet away. Also, due to her short range and the fact that, unlike others, her combos are unlikely to launch her out of harms way, the Yang on your team will typically have the most downs by a long shot.But yeah, it's purty good."
,Not Recommended,418340,32025725,Posted: 28 May,all,NDKiwi,"Dont waste the money or time, if you're not a fan of the series.  Even if you're a fan you'll quickly find that there just isint as much fanfare as you'd expect from a RWBY game set in the RWBY universe.  The game lacks depth, polish, quickly gets repetitive, and becomes a disapointment."
,Recommended,418340,25697113,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,"Thraxis, Lord of Chaos","I have to say, this game is fun.  I read the negative reviews, and while they bring up a lot of good points, I have to say that this game is fun enough for me to overlook the flaws.  Also, as a huge RWBY fan, it's very fulfilling.Pros+ The graphics are decent, and it captures the show's graphics well.+ The controls are simple, at least on a 360 controller.  I'm no ""beat 'em up"" afficionado, so the fairly simple combos are good for me.  That said, there's still enough variety that I have some choices.+ The multiplayer is nicely integrated.  Difficulty automatically scales with gaining/losing players, and there's both lobby's for friends and matchmaking.+ It's RWBY.  If you love RWBY, like me, this is very satisfying.+ The characters feel different, and play a little bit differently, but aren't so different that you can't switch between them easily.Cons- It is very grindy.- The story is barebones, and very cliche.So in summary, if you like RWBY, there's a good chance you'll want to get this game (especially when it's on sale).  If you don't like RWBY, then you probably won't want this game.  It's certainly not the worst game of the genre, but is probably not worth the money unless you're a real fan of the series.As for the length, I've heard many complaints, but I honestly don't think the length is too bad.  It takes a few hours to get through the campaign in total, but with 10 missions in very different locations, and a heavy emphasis on replay, it's not too bad, in my opinion.  Future updates or DLC would be welcome, though.Note:  Edited after about 20 hours to reflect finishing the game."
,Not Recommended,418340,26022552,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,ashtonimore,"Lowered the price by $10, included a $5 DLC, and then didn't give the DLC to anyone who already bought the game. Even worse considering the lackluster content of the game, the DLC should have been included anyways. Can't recommend."
76561198210296971,Not Recommended,418340,24128768,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Gary,"It needs at least 6 more months of work.  I do not like the new models but haven't said anything about them before because I thought for sure they would be fixed before the full release.The game is very short, the skill trees and leveling system aren't very interesting.  Combat is meh at best.While I do love the look of the levels they get very repetitive very quickly.  I just don't enjoy this game anymore, and havn't really since before the update that changed the models."
,Not Recommended,418340,34913105,Posted: 12 September,all,GEORGE CONSTANZA,"♥♥♥♥ Grimm eclipse. I played the Original GE alpha back when it was just Ruby fighting waves and waves of beowolfs, and it still was more entertaining than this rotten sack of♥♥♥♥♥♥ If you love the show do not get this game, if you don't love the show, don't get this game. Do not support this in the slightest. I regret greenlighing this. Save yourself the hour and a half of campagin this has and go watch Season 3 again, At least that has a plotline to follow.Also, ♥♥♥♥ JNPR being paid DLC."
,Recommended,418340,20522863,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,VanBerser75,"Bow before Rooster Teeth Games !! I would say Rooster Teeth Games - Nailed it!!!!! ^^If you think of buying RWBY Grimm Eclipse keep in mind its an alpha! You get a game that is still in development, so don´t be sad when you right now only can do a part of the campaign! But that small part is fun if you run in a full group. I have played now 10Hrs+ and had only 1 issue so far. And that is pretty good for a alpha, the game runs smoth on my  PC and I don´t have the best Specs:CPU i5GPU Gainward GTX 320RAM 8 MBAfter playing for a while on Ultra-High-Resolution I feeling like I am part of the animation. The Voices are from the original cast and you can play for now only Ruby´s group. The fighting animation feels good and smooth . While fighting you level you character up and each level you can spent points into skill tree. The level design looks good and so does the sound. One thing that I like is that the character is not always talking to after I press a skill. I found that very annoying in other similar games.You can enter a game that is already in progress or host your own game. You can play in group with up to 4 people, the more people join the difficulty the game gets. I people leave the game adjusts also. Whats pretty good because people keep leaving . If the Host is  leaving the game , the game continous !! Only thing that will happen is that someone else will be host and game resets to the last fullfield camapaign part. This is a good solution, since you dont have todo the whole game from the start.It totally has the RWBY vibe and so far I enjoy it. Even if I do over and over the same part but I can still recommend the game. And again keep in mind - ALPHA !"
,Recommended,418340,19440646,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Zero.Miz-Kun,BEST GAME EVER !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :D
,Not Recommended,418340,26067773,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,ApocalypticRainbow,"Going to make this review simple and quick, also wanted to clarify I've never seen the show so I bought this game completely blind just because a good friend wanted me to play co-op with them.Pros- Visually appealing game for it's artstyle- Voice acting is decent and sometimes quite humorous- Clean HUD- Character design is niceCons- Very repetitive, unsatisfying hack and slash combat (Although a huge improvement from the early access combat system)- Controls feel quite slippery- Incredibly short campaign with a very stale story- Multiplayer does not feel any different than singleplayer, still feels very unsatisfying playing with a friend- Low enemy variety- Not worth it's current pricetag, with the large drought of content the game has to offerOverall score: 4/10Would I reccommend this game?With the amount of content this game has to offer, no. I honestly don't even think this game would even be worth it even at a discounted price unless you were a die-hard fan of RWBY. The only thing that honestly did impress me in this game was the visuals."
,Not Recommended,418340,24161598,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,ThirstyLyric,"I would reccomend this game to people who are extreme RWBY fans or love the hack and slash genre, but I can't for the majority who will play this game. Playing through the campaign was pretty fun and a good 2-3 hours of fun, but thats all. The only thing you can do is campaign. I was expecting a horde mode or maybe PvP, but no. This is clearly not a finished game and even knew that when they said the full game is gonna be realeased. The game should still be ""Early Access."" For the graphics, thats the only positive I can say. The world looks pretty nice and the enemies are spot on of those on the show, but the actaul ""Team RWBY"" models are not. They used to be, but they aren't anymore. They removed them and replaced them with emotionless and bland models. What is really boring is also playing as just 4 characters that all play the same. No other team or character. The characters all play the same and they expect me to replay the campaign with all of them. The game also has challenges to unlock for abilities, but thats not fun at all. The max level is 10 but is extremely slow to get to that max level. The gameplay, I like. It's fast paced and fun. It is what it says it is. Hack- and -slash. Unfortunatley though, it's extremely repetitive."
,Not Recommended,418340,23129502,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,XsjadoR0LL3R,"This is a new re-write of this review; up to date with the ""full release"" of the game. Keep in mind I've had this since it greenlighted last year.The good news is that the playable characters are now much closer to their original appearance; that is to say, team RWBY actually look like team RWBY now. They're just a hair away from being back to their original 1:1 to the show, so there's that. The faces are vastly improved from the god-awful Forever Fall update models.Speaking of Forever Fall, those levels are buggy as all hell. I've got an above-average computer; I play most games on their highest settings with steady fps, so the fact that Forever Fall stutters pretty noticeably makes me think it's the game and not my comp. But whatever, it's playable. Ugly and un-fun, but playable.Weiss is my favorite in-game and in-show, so I'm also glad they removed a lot of her stupid ""grunting"" sounds she used to make while attacking. It was dumb, but it's gone now.The combat is okay, gameplay overall is rather bland and very, very repetitive. I will say that it's pretty fun to play this along with loud music while you're intoxicated, so if you're a RWBY fan and you're looking for a game to♥♥♥♥♥♥away ~2 hours and a blunt with, this is okay. Not great, not even really good, just okay. This is ""meh"" material at its most mediocre.Or it WAS okay, but I wouldn't recommend this at it's current price. I bought it for $15 back in EA, and I've gotten quite a few hours out of it so I don't feel jibbed, but I wouldn't pay $25. Wait for a sale."
,Not Recommended,418340,23989575,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Inari,If you plan on getting this game i suggest to wait until theres sufficient content
76561198079315384,Not Recommended,418340,23131789,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,NaN0,"Love rwbyLoved this game but its very broken at the moment, i know its early access but i have not seen any support at all for this game.Will remove if i see any signs of any form of support"
76561198046326088,Not Recommended,418340,29580664,Posted: 29 January,all,Okami Amaterasu,"As a fan of the show I'm really disappointed in this game, it had a lot of potential but the product just feels extremely repetitive.The Combat isn't fun either, there's not a lot of variety to it, I've taken to just spamming ranged attacks now because doing the exact same combo over and over for the whole campaign wears out my hand. The only reason I kept the game this long or bought it in the first place was because I was hoping there was a chance for this game to be saved, but doesn't look like that's gonna happen anytime soon...Only recommend on a BIG discount."
,Not Recommended,418340,23991146,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Saku,"This game was probably, if not the worst game I've ever played for multiple reasons.1. The models look like the developers ate the real models, and vomitted it out 12 years later. The screenshots lie.2. The gameplay was repetitive, repetitive for a hack-and-slash, and that's really saying something.3. The stages are boring and not really...fun in the slightest.4. The enemies don't...enemy."
,Recommended,418340,21274376,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Jeanne,"The moment I launched the game,I change my quality  into potato.Manage to beat the map with team WWWW (Everyone in the team is Weiss.)Basically Weiss's face right now:http://puu.sh/nbfy4.jpg"
,Not Recommended,418340,24117908,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,laestril,"This game can only be taken as a joke (or maybe an insult).From early EA to release, things have gone so wrong.. lower resolution with hideous manga-ish model who doesn't look like the original cast from RWBY but more like some 'generic_manga_girl_01' and Terrible gameplay.Big and empty area with some pack of mobs here and there(please forget about the concept of gamedesign), combo and overall actions are dull and sluggish with a really little moveset.Do not buy this thing even if you are RWBY fan, there isn't anything to save it."
,Not Recommended,418340,24452880,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Texas0324,"It's a fun game for the most part, but it's very short. Like extremely short."
76561198019509533,Not Recommended,418340,24118352,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Frog,"well it just feels like a waste of money now.. even without the bugs im currently having its just not fun.When i watched the show, because the artstyle looks like from a game i really wanted to have it as a game. And guess what, there was a game in produce. so i bought it, and it was very fun (nothing like what we saw in the show but i guess its understandable) and worth the money (for a pre-release game)But, instead of making something more of it, the skills got annoying to use, the graphics got downgraded, we got some new  overall looks but nothing effecting the game itself, and now it became a ""full game"" and probably any other updates will be DLC's we'll have to pay for.its just dissapointing.."
,Recommended,418340,19425886,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Vesperia,"This has got to be one of the most fun, well optimized and addictive games I've ever played! Whenever you think you've gotten bored, you're truly not!Before reading please understand that I am a very hardcore fan of Rooster Teeth's RWBY animated series though my feedback is presented after playing the game's unfinished 1st campaign with two different playthroughs.You see a beautiful main menu screen upon opening this game that entails the bright and graphically handsome visuals of Emerald Forest, a slowly/mildly turning camera around the mis-én-scene. You have three options (I believe); PLAY, SETTINGS and EXIT (QUIT).Under the settings you will find that you can choose between potato (yes potato), standard (neutral graphical settings, not too high but not too potato either) :-) and lastly ultra, which maxes out everything and gives you a bloom effect. Sadly there is no advanced graphical setting at this current time however it is acceptable seeing that this is at its pre-alpha (or alpha) stage. If you are a user who owns a beast (or even fairly decent) computer, chances are you are very capable of running it at ultra, the game has little recommended requirements, I get a SOLID 60 fps (hell, it even goes to 61 at times!)You will very rarely experience the occasional fps spike when appearing in a large crowd of Grimm, though it is expected after all! Additionally, you will also SOMETIMES see your character's running animation freeze for a few miliseconds when advancing along a steep path and/or bumpy path.I first started this game with no other than Weiss Schnee (Yep, not Ruby! Weiss-o serious?). I got the YANG of this game after a good few minutes of gameplay and if I may say so myself, it is pretty great in comparison to other early access Steam games at a very early alpha stage.If you are looking to buy this, please understand that the developers are doing their best so expect faults! They gave this beauty to us at an alpha stage to enjoy as they continue to create more content. I asked a game developer and he said they're hoping to update the game monthly assuming progress is going swell.Finally, at this present time there is only one campaign and it is incomplete. You will experience around a couple hours worth of gameplay to rack up (average imo).TL;DR -If you want to support Roosterteeth's RWBY Game Team then please buy this game, it is HEAPS of fun with friends! Rate: 9/10 (alpha rating).+ PROS ++ It's A FREAKING RWBY GAME!+ RWBY cast voice actors+ Yang puns+ GOOO TEAM RWBY!+ Addictive and fun+ Great gameplay for early alpha game+ No bugs with monsters that I've seen (Grimm)+ 4 player coop is well optimized+ Performance is a solid 7-8/10- CONS -- Occasional momentary FPS spikes (for me it went down from 60 to 38-41 but immediately shot back up to a solid 60)- Can't move your camera up higher than average camera height- Not enough usage of RWBY music ( + not loud enough)- You don't keep your level and skills after leaving your game session and going into another one- Yang doesn't make noises when she fights (not that I can hear)- Semblances aren't 100% complete for each characterCan't think of any more cons, though the ones I've listed already are easily fixable as the developers release updates as time goes by. :)"
76561198045498957,Recommended,418340,24904947,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,csga5000,"As a person whom is easily bored of games, I think this game is great.I read all the negative reviews and was well prepared to find the game boring. (but at least support the creators or rwby).Instead, I found I quite enjoyed it.  Admittedly, you can finish the campaign in a few hours, but if you get your multiplayer on with some friends you can still have a lot of fun ranking up!Since all the negative reviews made a habbit of going through all the aspects of the game, I'll do the same.Balance:  While some attacks are less useful than others, I think they're well balanced.  While a single hit combo is usually pretty weak, i've used it when trying not to kill something for a team mate, I'm glad it's there.  Most charaters have attacks that are more splash damage intensive, and there's usually a few attacks that are more useful in certain situations.  I wish you could increase the difficulty in multiplayer though, so you could increase the degree of the challenge... at the same time I still die from time to time anyway (because I can be quite careless).  Though I will say, I don't love blake's attacks.  I usually end up just using her two hit combo over and over, as well as her ranged from time to time and it gets kind of boring.Graphics:  I think the game looks great.  Of higher what I'd call higher quality to most of theoriginal series, so I couldn't have expected more.  I suppose if I had one critisism it's the ship that picks you up at the end.  the inside looks pretty bad, and the metal for the entire thing looks odd and plasticy.Audio:  I don't think it's especially repetitive.  I suppose more taunts would be cool, but the one present is good.  I LOVE yang's humorous puns through out the campaign so much you have no idea.  Even asside from that, they each have a few different terms they'll use during or after combat.  Ex. Yang will say (the things I can think of off the top of my head) ""Taste my fists"", ""Did that tickle?"", ""Didn't even break a sweat"".  When finding a realicks, she'll say ""hello"", ""I found a thingy"", and a couple other things I don't remember.  So I'd say there's sufficient variety and I'm quite very happy with the voice acting.  I suppose weis's talk of ""Perfect form"" gets old, as her taunt says it, and a couple of her battle dialogs do as well.Content:  There's at least 12 unique opponents you fight, and there's 10 chapters to the campaign.  That's not the most ideal quantity of content; however, the game is still being developed, as you can see if you read their feed.  They're working on a new game mode, adding turrns, and also adding team JNPR.  The ranking system is a decent way to prolong gameplay as well, I myself am only half way through earning rank 3, though I think it'd be cool if you gained a small advantage for each rank.  Or perhaps you could earn an extra starting skillpoint for each character every 2 ranks, I'd like to beable to get a few more abilities, but realisically speaking, i don't think that would make you EXCEEDINGLY more powerful.So there you have it.  Overall, I think it's a great game.  If the devs never realsed another update, I'm sure I won't get as many hours out of it as I have out of some games; however, I'd say it was worth the money and if you're a fan of the series, then I'd say it's definately worth the money... unless you know 25$ was like a years worth of income, then maybe not.EDIT:  Now that I think about it I do have one issue, my shift key doesn't work so i can't sprint and stuff.  Windows 10, logitec keyboard.  I'd love it if that could be fixed."
76561198040988097,Not Recommended,418340,26497853,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Rahuzero,"Do not get this game. Random parry mechanic. Enemies with attack animations that are not accurate to their hitboxes. Skills and achevments designed to artificialy inflate gameplay. A story that amounts to nothing. Broken xp system that makes playing certian characters garentee you will fall behind everyone else. If you are looking for a  good combo based action game, DMC4SE costs that same (Less if you count the DLC that should have been apart of the base game) and gives far more and better designed content."
,Recommended,418340,19482929,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,panda bøi,"I'm actually extemely impressed with the game already!Graphics are insanely pretty, the controls are easy to use, & the hack-and-slash style is fun.My only real quarrel so far is the SFX volume, wish there was a specific setting to tone that down!Other than that, I think this is very well done not only since RT is still relatively new to the video game development scene, but because it IS only early access. This is simply just a taste of the game and I love it so much already.I can't wait to see how this develops further! As both a RT and RWBY fan, I am really, really happy that this is a thing. :D"
,Not Recommended,418340,24170727,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,🌟⅀⋐₭ℤ,"This game should have never left beta.Firstly, this game went from a decent hack and slash to I don't even know what. The combat is clunky, controls are stiff, and it's just limited on what you can actually do. Also, be prepared to deal with enemies that just block all day, cause that's all they do, making your light attacks just useless. I found myself just holding the heavy attack button only and progressing through the game fine.The new character models are atrocious. They went from accurate representations of the show's avatars to some knock off looking.... thing. The models are wrong, the portraits are wrong.The combat is easy, too easy. The last boss is an insult and boring. 90% of it is standing there waiting.This game was just rushed. Rooster teeth debuted on steam with this, and with the ♥♥♥♥♥torm this created, as well as charging for season 1 and 2 of the show when it is free on their site just makes me hate them more and more as a developer.I can't see myself wanting to support such a shady developer any further. First impressions are everything, and this was a terrible one."
,Recommended,418340,21630045,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,76561198020845329,"-Review subject to change and update as the game and updates--Review being updated to full release updatePre review TL;DR:A short (4-7 hours) hack 'n slash combat game with little replayability and lackluster combat.I can only recommend getting it on sale at this point.Pros:+It has modshttp://steamcommunity.com/app/418340/discussions/0/451850849192351792/+A 3-5 hour campaign with 10 levels and a 1-2 hour (defend the objective style) horde mode with 3 maps+Rpg meets moba style leveling systemCons-Artstyle for characters is not the show's-Overall little replayability (90% of the game's variety can come be found in under 6 hours, leaving nothing but hours of grinding for the last 10%-Rwby is the only base game team and play very similarly to each other-Gameplay is very button mashy-Fps lowering can cause mouse sensitivity to go down, and the camera to snap to a random direction-Controls can't be rebound-Lackluster and generic plot-Very linear levels with many invisible walls-low fps with you amounts of Grimm on screen (400x640 res and potato quality yet I still get lagged to an unplayable 4 fps with roughly 15 beowolves on hardest difficulty)Nitpicks:General:Upgrade unlocking is pretty tedious (300 counters for example), yes I understand that it's intended to be a challenge but its more along the lines of boring fetch questing than actual challenge (though the grimm kill count one was the only one I'd call fun)A.i is pretty basic and occasionally walks into obstacles or gets stuck somewhereRanks: Ranks are useless bragging rights unlocked by fulfilling certain criteria and hitting rank up. upgrades are reset each time you rank, so what happens if a rank doesn't require any upgrades to unlocked and I don't unlock any upgrades before I rank up? Well it goes like normal with no downsides, which means if your an unlucky soul who grinds hours on end to unlock all upgrades BEFORE you rank up then you have literally wasted hours and all your work is reset, if you do it the other way around then you haven't wasted ANY time.Tldr? You can literally wasn't 5+ hours for no good reason if you do the game's two grindiest features in the wrong order..Yang:Yang pun and the lack of them (Pls feed pun addiction RT)Ruby:Ruby doesn't really use her semblance at all-I use mouse and keyboard controls, specs are gt 610 + amd 8 core processor, windows 7--It's pretty much my start with this genre so little experience with this genre-I enjoy the show so my opinions of the game might be slightly biased-As usually if you see anything factually innaccurate or missing then feel free to tell me"
76561198095417013,Recommended,418340,19772290,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,gvk,"Content:- Simple review- Eleborate review- The Perfect Game- Why am I playing this game?Simple review:I love this game.Awesome graphics.Neat level design with branching paths that sort of feels maze-like.Great voice acting.The characters have interesting abilities and there is a nice leveling system.The characters keep their personalities from the show.Alternate paths and challenges give some level of replayability.Interesting enemies with variation.I could actually feel myself getting stronger as my character leveled up, which is a sign of good power scaling.Is a must play for fans of the rwby show.Would recommend this game, definitely. I look forward to forthcoming patches.Eleborate review:It has thoughtful beautiful execution, whether or not you want to think: it is overrated or pure epicness. And it is hard to deny the appeal of comment and criticism, through such unorthodox means.Is it for everyone? Of course not, some people havebadtastes.Either way it will likely leave everyone with a little something regardless of whether or not they like what they are left with.There are many like me who have hours on end with this game.---------------------------------------------------------------Before I continue. I suggest you read this:https://www.reddit.com/r/RWBY/comments/5un4b8/why_rwby_fans_hate_rwby/There is absolutely no need to read it, but it's an idea you should know exists.As the reviews have a max lenght im forced to put it in a google document.https://docs.google.com/document/d/1kRAsnPfRqsQg985TdDjRQ3u5KYLkK7v9_1_YxBoZY0Q/edit?usp=sharingHere is some of it anyway: (but please read the document instead if you want all of it)(only parts of the ""perfect game"" part is here. The real review in that document above is much longernote: ""/.../"" are links to missing text: )The Perfect GameI'm sure we've all at one point in our lives watched or read a movie/show or novel, that we've really felt we had a connection with. Something that spoke to us on a deeper level for whatever reason that may be. Perhaps it reminded us of an experience we had in our lives or conveyed a message where you really understood, or had some characters you could totally empathize with.Because of it, we ended up growing a deep attachment to the point where no matter what flaws the thing might actually have, we could easily overlook it because… well, it didn't matter.It didn't affect our experience or why we got so attached to it.And even if others did find flaws with it, we didn't care. As, they didn't have the same experience that you did.To us, it was perfect. Even if, objectively speaking, The perfect movie, the perfect game, the perfect novel cannot exist.I was lucky enough to come across the record-breaking RWBY: Grimm Eclipse and it absolutely blew me away. So much so, I had to play it, not for a few hours, but hundreds of hours before getting close to satisfied. And it was after the hundred hour milestone that I knew I had found my new perfect game.Except, I know that - critically speaking - if I called this ""perfect,"" or ""a masterpiece,"" or any other overly superlative adjective, there would be those of us who would argue the semantics of describing it such a way 'cause, at the end of the day, it's an opinion that's subjective. Yet I don't know why this word is so looked down upon when we're talking critically about something - Of course I know if a game or film isn't perfect. The mechanics aren't the deepest, and I'm sure if I thought deeply about it, I will find flaws and weaknesses - I don’t know because the game speaks to the heart rather than to the mind. (some dont see that in shows and games, and misses it)Though, none of that actually matters to me because I felt it achieved everything it need to, and there's so much I love about this game that I wouldn't change a single thing about it./.../I exited the game with that same bittersweet joy of meeting a lost friend you won't see again for a long time with a reignited passion for this medium I love so much, and that's not one thing you can just put on a 1-to-10 review scale. To me it was a masterpiece. And no amount of lackluster AI, character writing, or any other flaw could take that away from me. But I know that not everyone will share the same experience I did, or come to the same conclusion. There will be people it didn't appeal to. Some will have gotten too caught up in the hype, or simply couldn't connect to it as much for whatever reason, and that'sfine.No one will ever create a piece of work that would appeal to absolutely everybody, so why is it that we pretend a good review is something that can objectively break down what makes a piece of media good or not?Many self-proclaimed critics of movies/shows I've seen always harp back to the writing and characters as the absolute backbone of what makes something good. As if there's only one specific formula to making a great movie or show. Which is somethingI totally disagree with.Sure there is a guidebook and theories to what makes good film making and story telling, which applies to the majority, but we shouldn't forget what they are: A guide. Not an absolute.And there are exceptions to every rule - both for all mediums including shows and games.Every game/show sets out to achieve something different and part of the charm of certain.../.../(including a conclusion)... At the end of the day, shows/games are a form of art. A way for the creators to communicate to the audience in some way. Whether it be an idea, a feeling, an experience or something else./.../Which is why I feel like the best critics are people who can break down why a movie/show or game appeals to them, and what aspect of it would appeal to an individual audience member. Rather than a blanket statement of why it's objectively good.Nothing about this is objective.So instead of condemning subjectivity, why aren't we embracing it?/.../It is possible to embrace critical thinking while acknowledging the subjectivity of it./.../I've seen far too many people try to hide their actual taste because they think it's too eccentric or too trashy or something that isn't critically acclaimed. There's nothing wrong with your favorite game/show, even if it doesn't take all the boxes and characters or writing or cinematography or if you just like it for some really stupid reason. And it's definitely nothing wrong with thinking some critically acclaimed games/shows are justboring as hell.(btw think deeply about it before reacting ^)/.../Your taste reflect who you are as a person, your interests are shaped by your experiences, and upbringing that made you the individual you are today.So why the hell shouldn't you be proud of that?It shouldn't be about having superior taste, it shouldn't be about showing off how much  knowledge you have. And it definitely shouldn't be about showing how much smarter you are than other people.It should be about keeping an open mind, embracing individuality, and most of all having fun!Whatever shows/games hold a special place in your heart, are special because that's the person you are. So don't forget that.Finally I guess all I really wanted to say through all this mindless rambling without any real point I was trying to make was that, I boughtRWBY: Grimm Eclipsethe other day, and I liked it a lot. It was pretty great.No… In fact,it was perfect."
,Recommended,418340,19427331,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,DutchVidya,"I don't do reviews often. However I'm a pretty big fan of RWBY. the show to me has always seemed perfect for a video game. Thankfully I think the basics are already there and pretty good. Let me start by saying, this is Early Access so whilst I will mention the issues, I expect them to be patched over time and if they are, then they're null and void, obviously.So, it's an arena fighting game, sort of. If you're familiar with RWBY, then you know that the universe of the show features some pretty bombastic fights. Acrobatics, juggling, magical stuff. A gun thats also a scythe. These are all represented in the game.The combat is however, maybe too simple for those of you expecting combos and specials. One attack key, one ""Shoot"" key for long range stuff. It makes things somple, but that's maybe too much. I'd have preferredmaybe a Hevy/Light attack model. so I can perform more combos and have direct control over my attacks.Specials are activated (at least on a controller) by holding a trigger and pressing a face key. It's simple, but unlike the melee combat it works well and I like it. Each character (4 of them so far, the main RWBY cast) all have distinct aesthetics but the moves are all the same. One special is an AOE, the other is a more direct knocback and the third is a ranged ability. Some can be upgraded to be charged, or given more knockback, etc.As Early Access, I expect the collision issues. Hits don't always register. Multiplayer desyncs badly (it's peer to peer) and the UI is simplistic and barebones.These can be improved on. If they are, this could be a lot of fun. RWBY as a show has a ton of teams that could be added going onwards. All with unique abilities and attacks.For now, I recommend this IF you like RWBY. There are better, more accessible games in this genre for other people. On full release, we'll see what this offers to draw in more people."
76561197970930056,Not Recommended,418340,22837383,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Zogman1,The new models aren't good. There's no neutral review option so...
,Recommended,418340,19424059,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Nanomight,Oh god please stop the puns have mercy
,Recommended,418340,20573204,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,cn=Flow,"Pretty good game, can't wait for the full versionTo conclude the 60 minute campaign:- Beat a lot of monster butts- Defend a certain target until every wave of enemies is defeated- Kill a certain amount of enemies to unlock a door- Kick some monster butts- Encounter some annoying meaty enemies with superarmorBoss enemies got their own special BGM, but I'm really missing these parts where you go full killing machine with vocals singing in the background.I've only played Yang, I really wish spells would have more Impact on enemies. Only her first skill, this AoE ground smash felt like it was really dealing damage.I do like the XP system, but it kinda feels like I have already everything unlocked after the first campaignWhat I would really like in the future:- Cutscenes that rival the actual show- Better handling of player and enemy knockbacks- More characters/Different Missions with different playable characters- Some kind of finisher moves- Music with vocals for parts that need extra tension- Less arcade feeling (Scrap that if the game was intended to be arcade-like)"
76561198126805045,Recommended,418340,20274121,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Messy Boi,A great game for fans of the show. 10/10 would play over and over
,Recommended,418340,19625376,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Trap cat | 1キックリック,"I've only played a little bit, seems good so far"
,Recommended,418340,21285445,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,RedLetterDay,"As it is right now, this is a fun game despite how light on content it currently is, and I'm looking forward to what is planned for future updates.- Combat is pretty simple: you have a melee and ranged attack, you can dodge and you have three special attacks. Simple enough to learn, even a team of novice players could take on a few dozen Grimm with no problems once they learn the attack patterns of each monster. Luckily the next update is set to add a bit more depth to the combat with heavy and counter attacks, as well as balancing the Grimm accordingly, which is great as I feel like it's a bit too easy right now.- The campaign we have right now adds up to maybe around an hour of gameplay. I hope the other planned campaigns and horde mode will be enough to keep people engaged. That said, the MOBA-like micro-progression is already a good reason for people to keep playing. You can't unlock every skill, but its fun to play around with different skill setups and see how effective they are. I love the combination of micro-progression and the fast paced action of a co-op hack-n-slash, I think it works great- The game looks great, which isn't much of a surprise since they're basically using the exact character and weapon models, as well as art style, as the show- Overall performance is great, pretty much constant 60fps, until you start fighting more Grimm at a time. Playing solo, this isn't much of an issue since the difficulty scales and you'll be fighting maybe at most 15 or less enemies at any one time. But with a full or almost full lobby, the number of enemies definitely starts to hit your performance a bit, and I have a decent rig (though I'm sure someone with a more powerful PC than mine would handle this just fine). It's most noticeable when you're in the collapsed Mountain Glenn sublevels fighting a large amount of enemies, with some that explode upon deathGreat to see RWBY expanding to other media forms outside of the show, and great job to the dev team creating basically the exact game I imagined should be made after seeing each of the show trailers way back in 2013, I'm almost certain Monty would have loved to see this game to completion"
76561198015382905,Not Recommended,418340,26018903,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Asian Equation,"Huge fan of the series but cannot reccomend this disgrace.First of all, it plays like trying to push a rusted shopping cart uphill. Very stiff and frustrating for something that's supposed to be a hack n' slash like Dynasty Warriors and Kingdom Hearts.Hardly any content besides a boring campaign that has no replay value, and a generic horde mode.Doesn't take advantage of the amazing RWBY soundtrack, so the gameplay feels very lackluster and boring.You're really gonna charge for DLC even though the game is still in early access?!♥♥♥♥♥♥move.You should do anything to make every character feel personal. Add in mutiple movesets like in the recent Super Smash Bros, so you feel special and unique. Unlock different skins through missions. Change your ammo's element for combonation moves. On second thought, dont. If you did add these in, you'd probably charge us for it.I love RWBY and I love Rooster Teeth, but this is more garbage than Volume 1 of RWBY.Get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together.Edit:This doesn't change my thoughts on the gameplay, but ya know what was fun? The FAN GAME this was based on! Made by a very dedicated passionate fan who just did it for fun.Where's that game? Where's the love? Oh that's right, you banned it by denying mods for your lackluster cash grab of a game that again;WAS ORIGINALLY A FAN GAME."
76561198061403388,Not Recommended,418340,26022113,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Khaos Rhapsody,"This game still needs about another year of work. It IS NOT READY FOR ""FULL RELEASE""."
76561198086888842,Not Recommended,418340,26018412,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,ZeroS,"I bought this product in early access because I loved the series. It was a great game that was still under development. I had fun with what I could play with my friends, made some apports to the devs for debugging and all...Now the game is ""full"" still with glitches, still with things that aren't fixed, with ""enough"" content to get it out of early access but not completely full... and they go and put a DLC with the game still unpolished to the point that most of those that helped to fund this project would like it to. So, if you plan to play an unpolished game of RWBY, by all means buy it, but know that any team that comes out will be a PAID DLC for, at least at this point, an unpolished game.On a side note, and purely my unsubjective opinion, this company started great, but now that are getting big, they are starting to pull some greedy moves, and that's not cool. I think the fan base expected a bit more from this game... like being really finished before starting to put paid DLC's..."
,Not Recommended,418340,24151456,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,ChaseBanhart,"This game feels like a huge rip off. I will probably never buy an early access game again because of it. It's just pandering to the RWBY crowd, and while I really love the show, branding a turd with the RWBY logo is not going to fool me.This game is just super bland. It's very linear, you just walk from one area to the next, fighting waves of Grimm, and nothing feels fun or rewarding. The combat is very stiff, and it is just all around UN FUN.I really wish I could get a refund, because that $15 i paid in early access could go towards some real fun somewhere else.IM SUPER SALTYAlso: HOW DOES THIS GAME HAVE A MOSTLY POSITIVE RATING? Literally 95% of the reviews I see on this page are negative!"
,Not Recommended,418340,24126173,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,「L'Empereur」,"To call the current state of this game a ""full release"" is either an insult or blind optimism. As a fan of RWBY, I've always wanted to get this game the second I saw the base version of this before Roosterteeth even picked up on it on youtube. While I wasn't here for the majority of the early access, I did play it through before the update. The differences between then and now are very few. This ""full release"" is basically just a story mode expansion pack. My problem is calling that a full game. There's still some glaring bugs (like how my camera will randomly try to go back and forth constantly without end until I re-open the game) and combat is still to the point of nauseating with a subpar auto-lock on system and lack of a real lock on, on top of a better-than-it-used-to-be-but-still-horrendous camera. On top of that, my PC isn't the best but it's not so horrible I can't play some graphically intensive games. There's many with stronger graphics, and yet, this one has a terrible framerate for me. The rest is more empty than anything.As stated before by a number of reviews: the combat is stale and there's next to no variety between the characters. For a hack and slash, I don't have issue with the combos being in a bare-bones state at the moment. You just use weak attacks and hit strong attack after the first, second, or third weak one. This is fine, but aerial attacks are all useless. Counter, in my experience, does virtually nothing. Either it's me and a timing issue or the button is just pointless. I do like the HP system regenerating itself quickly by backing off and getting a skill for it. I'd be more a fan of the ultimates if I couldn't sum them all up as “big aoe big damage” for every character and nothing else.The story is alright, not spectacular. I won't say anything about it for anyone who hasn't played it or is still getting through it. The scenery is majestic in my opinion, just a little too spacious. The random comments from Team RWBY through levels make the game more lively since otherwise it's mostly silent until you've sprint long enough to find a wave(s) of the same... three enemies.In this current state, I wouldn't recommend this to anybody. If the devs want to start throwing DLC on top of just grazing over how this game is nothing remotely close to a finished product, they only prove this was a mistake and expect it to live off hype. This game CAN be good and it's not even a total disaster. The idea is there, the design just isn't. Characters “look” diverse, the music is okay, the graphics could be improved but they aren't horrendous, the level up system and skills aren't bad either (though it'd be nice to know the names of my skills. You call a skill Frostbite and don't tell me what it is, why would I upgrade it?). But when I see something labeled “team attack”, and then using it really had nothing to do with being a team, I'm just left confused.I love RWBY and I can only hope future patches of this game are less built on excitement like the “full release” was. And for the love of God, I pray they focus on making the game far more functional before they start talking about additional content you PAY FOR.If you really, really, really want this game, get it on sale. 25 dollars is just a mistake you will wholeheartedly regret."
,Not Recommended,418340,24126591,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Nexiel,"Had high hopes for official release, but it's more or less the same bland game that it was during Early Access. 2/10"
,Not Recommended,418340,25871148,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,DracoChalybeius,"""Do you recommend this game?"" That's an interesting question, Steam. Disclaimer: Huge RWBY fanboy here. Been there, done that, bought the t-shirt. (Literally. Wearing it right now.)TL;DR: Painfully average third person action game that I want to recommend to everyone, but too tough a sell in its current state at $25. Boring as f*ck solo on lower difficulties, but lots of fun can be had with a good team, and Eclipse mode presents a nice challenge if nobody else is playing. New game mode (horde) coming soon™, will update review then.I'll say this: I enjoy this game. I bought it within hours of it going up on Early Access, and about 90 hours of my playtime was pre-""release."" I've had fun, I've met some cool people, and I've enjoyed my two-ish-hour spans of pummeling waves of Grimm. Unfortunately, that's about all the game has to offer right now, and it was only ten bucks back then. I'll update this review when I've gotten some time in the always ""coming soon™"" Horde mode that is miraculously releasing some time in the next week or so, but as of right this moment? There is simply not enough content here to justify a $25(USD) price tag.You play as one of the members of team RWBY (all voiced by their actresses from the show), with team JNPR coming soon™ as paid DLC (spoiler alert, I'm buying that as soon as it comes out), as you (and up to three other players if you're lucky or patient enough) hack-and-slash-and-shoot your way through ten extremely linear, but decently lengthy, levels, mowing down waves of ~10 different enemy types that are either extremely easy to kill or extremely easy to get ganked by.(Lookin' at you, androids.)If you do play solo, (Protip: don't. Well, once. Achievement. Then don't.) there are difficulty levels allowing you to replicate the increased enemy spawn rate provided by having more players in the game, without the increased fun.Each level has some objective stuff, mostly wave survival.Combat is fairly simple, with light attack strings that can be ended early with a heavy attack (of which one or two combos per character are worth even thinking about using).Your standard heavy attack can be ""charged"" to do more damage by holding the relevant button.You've got a ranged combo that consists of two basic shots and a ""special"" on the third shot (which vary from completely worthless (most of them) to absurdly OP (two specifically), with a few not-crap ones).Heavy attacks and combo finishers can ""set up"" an enemy, allowing a teammate (or you, if you're playing solo. Again, don't) to perform a ""team attack,"" most of which get the job done when upgraded but suck at first.After filling your meter by comboing enemies, you can use an ""ultimate,"" which is, in all cases, an AoE attack, most of which are good when upgraded but suck at first.Countering and dodging exist, and work pretty well most of the time. Countering, as well as several skills, will stun enemies, and performing a fully charged heavy attack on a stunned enemy gives a guaranteed team attack setup. Holding the dodge button allows you to run faster, and jump-dodging is faster still most of the time. Dash attack is a thing, and dash>heavy does the same heavy as light>heavy.You earn XP by killing stuff or assisting kills, doing or setting up team attacks, and doing objective-related stuff. You can also find 25XP orbs in crates and vases, and there are ""hidden"" artifacts on the maps that give 100XP. Max level is 10, each level gives you a skill point, except lv10, which gives two. Some upgrades cost one point, some cost two, none cost more than two.And that's about it. For about two and a half hours a run, for as many runs as it takes for you to get bored. You unlock upgrades for your skills by killing stuff, and you complete challenges (i.e. grind a lot) to ""rank up."" This resets all of the skills you've unlocked, resets your characters' levels, and gives you a shiny badge next to your name and a fresh set of challenges. Once you reach rank ten, you unlock... an achievement. Woo f*ckin' hoo.On the technical side, the game runs pretty well. Even has a ""Potato"" graphics preset for those of you who didn't spend four figures on your rig. Runs decent on medium on my fairly old laptop, and stays at 60 admirably on Ultra on my 970. Actual graphics options are almost nonexistent outside of the presets (TotalBiscuit would be very disappointed). Full controller support, but no rebinding for KBM or controller. Not even presets.As I said at the top, I like the game. If you are a huge RWBY fan like me, you might like it, too. The question is whether you'll like it enough to get your money's worth with what's been presented as the official release version. When it goes back on sale, $10-$15, maybe. Probably. Enough to get an acceptable percentage of the achievements. At $25, it becomes a much tougher sell. Again, update coming when horde drops, soon™, and it might be awesome. But for now, I cannot say that the average third-person action fan browsing the store should buy this in its current state at the current price. I really want to, because there is a lot of potential here, but this still feels too much like an early access game to be 25 bucks. Sorry, RTGames. It's a decent effort from a tiny team, but you really should've considered RTX '17 as your release window. I think this is a safe generalization to make: we RWBY fans prefer perfection to a quick turnaround.PS. First review! Hopefully the formatting isn't borked, so I don't have to go back and fix it. If you do buy the game, or own it already and stopped by to read the reviews, feel free to add me and we can play, grind, or just have as much fun as the game allows. I've managed nearly 200 hours of it thus far, and still find myself wanting to play. Probably blinded by RWBY Vol. 4 hype, but that's why I put in the disclaimer at the top."
,Recommended,418340,19477069,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Smugsie,"Last time I spent $16.99 on a game, I invested over 1600 hours and achieved the highest rank from playing one map.RWBY is no different as a pre-release."
76561198149065809,Not Recommended,418340,23931414,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,klutzybear,"I'm a lover of the Rwby series. When I saw this as a Steam game during the summer sale for only $9.99. I decided to buy this game and try it out, despite the reviews I've read so far.Sadly, I only got ten minutes into this game, when I realized. . . I was kinda bored.Sure it was cool controlling Ruby and hacking away at the Grimm, but with no major story to be introduced to in the beginning, I felt kinda confused.   No cutscenes or tutorials. Just nothing, but one of the Professors talking to you about the Grimm as you mindlessly run through the forest, fighting them.The combat was also lacking, despite the fact that I was using Ruby Rose with her badass scythe that could cut through hordes of enemies in the show, she could only do like, two or three diferent combos, if you count the sniper gun. Not to mention once I got to the Beowolves, I ended up getting ganged up by about ten of them and found myself getting pushed around while trying to use a limited amount of combos to catch them in as well as some quick time events which did little but stun them.Sadly, I died when I only had a handful left to fight against and ended up at the beginning again. I wasn't angry as I was surprised by how easy it was to lose against the enemy with your limited capablities.   Especially when you just started playing!It kinda sucks to get hyped up for a show turned video game, only to find out the game is rather medicore in comparison.Honestly, I shouldn't be surprise, given the rule of TV to games, but I was hoping Rooster Teeth would do a better job of this issue, but it would seem they still have a bit to learn.I'm gonna go back and try it out some more, but as it is now, I would suggest only a fan of the show to try and give it a shot.  But for people looking for a decent hack and slash game with decent story telling?    You should try else where."
,Not Recommended,418340,23929371,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,kambiing,"ehh the game biggest selling point is on the characters.Gameplay its self is quite basic.hit, hit, heavy hit, dodge/counter repeat,if low healthdo kitethen ultiI was expecting some sort of god of war fluidity, but meh, early access.i'll get back to it when its cooked enough.so... if you're quite the rwby fan go ahead and get it, if not, just don't.me? well my refund is on process."
76561198010807302,Not Recommended,418340,24146757,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,WafflesMoo,Still feels like an early access game.  Kind of cool if you like RWBY but repetitive and overpriced.
,Not Recommended,418340,26123838,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,si,"5$ for characters that should be free, dlc kills games."
,Not Recommended,418340,24416809,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,TumchieTheScot,Ok for the first ten minutes or so but very quickly gets boring and repetitive. A shame considering how much i love the show. They could've done so much with the story especially considering it was done in house where they have pretty much direct access to the show's writers and creative minds.
76561198099312874,Not Recommended,418340,33248329,Posted: 4 July,all,G3  gamdom.com,"So for some backstory i love the series sins i have watched it twice so i wanted to like this game allot , read ""Wanted""The game it feels unfinshed you can basicly spam 1 strategy and win vs most bosses or enemis. it became boring after the 3rd level,it feels clunky to control and the enemis are just boring to fight against.now for the more  pros and cons style :Pros: Its RWBY if you like the show you can play this game.'The differens in charecters are nice and it felt fun to play with the diffrent charecters for a while.The music is good (not the best) but goodCons: it gets really boring after like the first playthroge sins the enemis are so reptetetiv.there is no story except. Go here, kill grim, defend ""thing"" for X waves, next level,i wolde have like some more story based missions and or cutsceans,the charcters feel clunky to control,the ""boss fights"" like the bear in lvl 3 does not even feel like a boss fight, its just a bigger enemy that can't be stuned unless he does his ""super stone attack"" (and  that animation for the attack is awful)Score : RWBY fan = 4/10 (""playable"" 1 time)Non RWBY fan = 1/2 / 10  ( i do not recomnd playing this ""game"")When i beat the 3rd level i was thinking ""i wonder when the full game will be realsed sins this is probably the Beta"""
,Recommended,418340,22830123,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,БронеGillette,"Good Game. Good battle system, perks. Characters and Grimm skins are good too. But SO short Company. And because of that, player can't lvlup all skills. And very hard to reach lvl10 (Play solo coop, take all artifacts, and still only lvl9)."
76561198067013579,Not Recommended,418340,26130400,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,WarPig,"The game is just bland, the skill tree is weak, the character models are terrible, comabt is pretty bad, not to metion they haven't finished the story and then go ahead and slap paid DLC in your face. I had high hopes for this game on launch, not a rushed ""offical release"", made in a year or two I might come back and play this game, but for the mean time save your money for something better. Or wait till the game is truely finished."
76561197990624399,Not Recommended,418340,26569107,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,\#RoS. RoxStar,"I am personally in love with the RWBY Series. Hench the reason I enthusiastically bought Grimm Ecplise. And boy, was I in for a heavy disappointment.RWBY the series is al about friendship, teamwork and all that mushy stuff covered in a thick layer of humor and over the top insane battles. Now the game however is a repetition of a repetition.- walking to Area A- fight a few waves of the same enemies- move to Area B- fight a few waves of the same enemies- move to Area C- fight a few waves of the same enemies- And finally defend a objective for 4 waves or the fourth wave is some sort of boss.The battle system is the most boring I have ever seen. You basicly repeat light attack light attack heavy attack troughout the whole game. Sometimes hitting your ultimate attack once it is charged. There is an counter attack, but most of the time your locked in your combo. There are team attacks, which is initialized by chance from another player (mostly due heavy attacks or special attacks), but the enemies mostly die before you can execute them.If I think of RWBY battles I think of running on walls, destroying buildings, switching my weapons from ranged to melee on the fly, using my ranged shot to empower my melee attacks or even using some french bread and water melons as weapons. Not walking to an area and using the same combo repeat. When I play as Ruby I want to be able to go into sniper mode, change ammo. Or when I am weiss I want to use as many types dust as possible.Besides gameplay, I also find the graphics lacking the RWBY feel. Where the environment of the series is mostly steriel, minimalistic and lack of any detail. With hard contrasting colors and lightning as if the animators forgot to texture and light the scene at all. The music, while of great quality, is the same song repeating throughout the level. Every character has one or two lines which they sometimes yell out when doing a final hit on a wave or execute a team attack.So verdict: If you love RWBY, it is the game you should love so you play it while you know it is rubbish. If you never heard of RWBY, go watch the series and leave this game alone."
,Not Recommended,418340,24119484,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,SophiaDawn,"Edited from Early Access review.Overall, I'm kinda disappointed. The game was looking to be going in the right direction during the Early Access stages but, with the sudden announcement of the release of an incomplete game, it seems that most people skepticism of the too soon release was correct.The ""finished"" product is anything but finished. Yeah, it hits the shows nostalgia on the head but thats about it. The finished product is a too short story and not enough of what the players asked for. The old models that actually looked like the show were removed and replaced with barbies, to put it nicely. The new enemies that were added to the finished product, aka the not tested in early access enemies, left much to be desired. They were boring and repetitive. That's putting it nicely. The final boss reminds me of something out of a bad PS2 game. It wasn't even really a final boss, just a harder enemy with an even boringer repitiion.Overall, it leaves me confused. Originally, this review was a positive one full of recommendation. Now, I honestly wouldn't recomend playing it unless you really, REALLY like the show and are willing to look past the problems and lack of content.In the end, I can only figure that they weren't making enough money off the presales and thats why they pushed it to ""finished"" so fast. If you are going to get it, get it on sale. Its not worth the $25 that it is now priced. It's not even worth the $20 I originally paid for it not on sale."
,Not Recommended,418340,28674261,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,.minty,"I thought this game was fun at first, then I got to the final boss and the red robots that can stun lock you in a corner if there is two of them.The red robots should maybe be nerfed just a bit so if there is two of them, you can actually move out of the way instead of being stuned over and over because two of them are in your face.The boss at the end is a challenge and I enjoy it for that reason but I feel like it should have two consist spawning enemies considering you have one that can stun lock you and the other that can knock your health to nothing.Overall, I would rate this at a max of 4/10."
,Not Recommended,418340,24263885,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Vit,"In the surface this game looks like a musou with hack'n'slash elements to mix it up, has multiplayer and a story mode to boot.And yet, somehow, after quite a while in Early Acess it stills feels incomplete, to say the very least.As a Musou it barely has the luxury to call itself that, with just 5 standard enemies with a 'bigger and badder' version, it barely has enemy variety to keep you entertained and levels that challenge the definition of linear gameplay, with waves and sometimes a escort here and there to try to spice things up, but ultimately failing.And as a Hack'n'Slash it just is too boring.It has the basic ideia down, giving Light and Strong Attacks and each character has a trait to their strong attack to mix it up in between them. But is just dosen't matter. You will find youself doing the same combo over and over again because it is poorly balanced and has a very insignifcant upgrade system to boot. And even the traits each characther brings to the table has little matter on the subject and things are so unbalanced that playing anything other then ruby, which has a combo that hits anything in a very large cone ahead of her, is a poor choice.Not to mention the lack of more character loved by the community. Just taking 4 to the game seems like a waste when there is a gigantic cast, with tremendous potencial, just waiting to be implemented.And i cannot take this... excuse of a story mode seriously.Like, it's worse then SFV story mode on launch.It takes effort to break that.THE ONE THING it kinda hit the spot was with the beauty of the game overall, on max settings, it looks amazing.BUT it just isn't well optimized enough for you to be able to enjoy them. NOT TO MENTION the really pathetic excuse of graphics options. It's 2016, just giving 5 options of ""Quality"" just isn't enough. Especially for a 3D game like this one.Overall this game is a dissapointing and unfinished mess that only makes itself worthwhile for fans of the animated series. Which is rather unfortunate taking in fact that this game could have brought so much more into RWBY's universe.A waste of potential, and waste of money, for someone who isn't a fan."
76561198124894345,Not Recommended,418340,25736135,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Olnessy (8Bladerunner),"I want to like this game. I want to support Roosterteeth and the amazing team behind RWBY. I want to say that this is a good game for what you are paying for. But I'm going to be honest here. It's♥♥♥♥♥♥ There's nothing that's fun about this game. I tried to play it, but the controls are clunky, the characters are....out of character, there's not enough difference in enemy characters that you fight, and it just was not fun. Now, I am a HUGE fan of RWBY. Always have been and always will be. However, that does not mean that I like this game automatically because it's a RWBY game. Like I said, its complete♥♥♥♥♥♥ Roosterteeth could have hired any number of game creators to help with this game and make it something that people like. Instead they make it themselves and ignore almost EVERYTHING the community is saying. The community really does want to help make this game better, but it just doesn't seem like they are going to be listened to.With that out of the way though, I do have SOME positive things to say about this game. Like that fact that it is ♥♥♥♥ING BEAUTIFUL. I MEAN SWEET MOTHER TERESA ON THE HOOD OF A MERCADIES BENS WOULD YOU LOOK AT THAT SCENERY!? THAT IS ♥♥♥♥ING AMAZING! The voice acting is also on point (as it should be.) and there is also a feeling that you are actually playing IN the RWBY universe instead of some sort of alternate relm.Final judgement though, 4/10. Needs a lot of work and a lot of love. As well as NO plans to make paid DLC. There have been rumors of that coming and I'm not going to be paying for all the DLC like I did with Payday 2. (♥♥♥♥ that game as well now that I think about it.)"
,Not Recommended,418340,26099901,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,☭Fundamentally Unfuckable™,"Between the horribly shallow gameplay, the voice acting so uninspired I'm convinced it was done at gunpoint, the boring enemies with wonky hitboxes. the complete lack of a tutorial, the fact the only interesting character in the series is paid DLC, the levels which can be completed in less time than it takes to go to the bathroom, and the horrible, HORRIBLE bloom, I can honestly find no reason why any sane human being would recommend this game to anyone.I only bought it because they added Supreme Waifu Pyrrha Nikos, but not even her presence could make me like this absolute mistake of a game."
76561197980429671,Not Recommended,418340,19573682,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Bubba Jones,"Started playing it post release and...I still find it unimpressive.  If you are a RWBY fan, you've bought it and no amount of convincing will tell you otherwise but otherwise, I'd suggest finding something else.  If you are a fan of the beat-em-up genre you may give this a go since there are few PC offerings in the genre but otherwise, no.The gameplay is a simple beat-em-up game you pick one of the four protagonists from RWBY or JNPR (if you have the DLC) and run them through a series of levels spaced across several chapters fighting grimm.  The gameplay is standard beat-em-up fare ranged/melee attacks, jumping, combos, blocks, co-op attacks and specials.  Generally you'll pick the same set of combo attacks which are useful, abandon ranged attacks, kite when your shield is down until it recharges and repeat.  The combat feels repetitive (like many things in this game) and the most positive I can say about it is that it does its job without breaking anything.Each character has some differences in how they handle.  Yang is melee focused with slower attacks, Weiss is tough to aim at things and has a good mix of range and melee,, Blake is fast-hitting and fast moving, and Ruby is overpowered.Defeating the enemies gives you experience and with experience you can buy new skills and side-grades to your attacks and abilities.  You should be able to level cap a character per play through and there are unlockable requirements you have to do before you can purchase some skills, ""kill 100 grimm with ranged attacks,"" for example.Most of the gameplay is focused on multiplayer, and the enemies all scale up with more players.  You can take on the chapters with one player if you are good, but you'll manage a lot easier with friends as you can't revive yourself.  Multiplayer also gives you co-op attacks.  Unfortunately, it's a multiplayer focused game with mostly dead servers you would be lucky to find a party of two at any time.  Enough still play it you may be able to find someone else, but you should bring friends with you.The far more significant problem with this game is its repeditiveness and lack of content which makes everything you do in the game feel even more boring and repetitive.  A single play through does not take all that much time - you may be able to manage it in a single sitting.  There is nothing noteworthy about the story which will invest you or make you want to stick around.  After that, the only reason to replay the game is to play with a different character or get achievements.  There is something of a prestige ranking system in this game to help pad content.  But, in order to manage that you have to replay and replay and replay the game across several characters in order to manage it, this provides no in-game incentive other than bragging points in a game where you have to force yourself to stick around.  Even after they made the DLC you can use four new characters in the same levels where what this game desperately needed was more levels and more ground to play in."
,Recommended,418340,20514274,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,FEARMYLA2ERFACE,I can't wait for the full game. even in early access this game is awsome.
,Not Recommended,418340,26067443,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Phyren,"Thoroughly disappointed the way the creators went. I played since the early access and I was immediately sold; but it seemed like as soon as they started updating over the months, the game got less and less enjoyable. They changed the skills and other things just slightly, but enough to notice. I still played it nonetheless, but when I found out JNPR would be added, I was actually hyped. Unfortunately I already KNEW they'd make it a DLC, rather than add it to the ""expensive and incomplete"" game. So so disappointed, I had high hopes for this game."
,Not Recommended,418340,26043976,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,the grundler,"Ithadpotential.But with updates few and far between they've basically released an incomplete game, something that should barely be out of alpha, as a full game.And now on top of that, they're releasing content that should already be part of the game to make it feel more complete as DLC and plan to do more of that in the future.It's just not worth it. The objectives are boring and repetitive and it feels like it was just a cash grab sloppily thrown together with RWBY in the title to get attention."
76561198055929769,Not Recommended,418340,26018730,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,hoshinno,"Having been an early access player, I share the same sentiment as many who have posted before. I was excited to see new content being added which would make this game more complete, but when I saw there was an additional price tag to it I couldn't believe it. The state of the game feels incredibly incomplete which makes paying for additional content ridiculous. I originally paid the $15 price tag because I wanted to support a beloved franchise despite knowing the game was going to be really short. I convinced some friends to take the plunge so we could enjoy what little there was to play, but now feel like we've all been duped with having to pay for ""additional"" content. If that was the plan, they should have just made the base game free and have everyone pay for additional content like any good f2p game. I might just uninstall and leave this game in the past. It's sad because I truly love the series."
76561197977861069,Not Recommended,418340,26018522,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Eternal Dream,"I was super hype by the game initially and then see that it was an early access. No problem as for an early access and a full version in one year i was satisfied. And then some updates came with more chapters. Still nothing to say but the lack of characters and modes was really the problem here.And finally the update with the horde mode and the team JNPR ! When i saw the new team I was super hyped as some of them are characters that I really loved in the show BUT money calls money and they are making us pay for the all team 5€.Let me be clear with you guys (from the merch team), the first thing that I said when i saw that the team wasn't for free was ""WHAT ? REALLY ?"". My point is... we got a game in EARLY ACCESS, we got ONLY 4 CHARACTERS and few modes, and instead of making adds so that the game would be better and would attract more people who may think that he is worth the price wihtout being a fan you just seel out a DLC who cost people 5 more euros ? What was the idea ? The costumer is a fool and he is going to buy anthing new that we are going to put ?Make the game GOOD first (add characters for FREE so the game doesn't feel EMPTY for example) and only then you can start selling DLC...We aren't fools, thx for understanding ! Right now i'm feeling really desapointed as a fan and as a costumer so FOR NOW I'll not recommand the game but things may change... make it change please !Have a good day/night (if possible)"
76561198140086390,Not Recommended,418340,26021908,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,B-Randy Savage,"So I did a review for Grimm Eclipse back during it's release day. But I wanted to redo it again- because I feel like things need to be explained better- and some info need to be replaced.RWBY Grimm Eclipse is a 4-player hack-n-slash. Featuring the four main girls; Ruby Rose, Weiss Schnee, Blake Belladonna and Yang Xiao Young as they're dragged into the mystery regarding Dr. Merlot and his experimental Grimm. The story is canon, taking place between Vol.2 and 3, featuring TWO new locations we've never been before.Now that's the short version of the plot (don't want to really spoil it). Let's get right into the gameplay. It's a hack-n-slash, people who have played the genre will know how it works. Grimm Eclipse unfortunately doesn't have flesh out combat. Don't expect any improvements anytime soon. Now here's my main compliant, the way they handle levels. The levels are linear, going from point A to B. But between them are horde waves, which get real tedious, real quick. At the end of a level you'll either be greeted to a Protect the Control Point, or a Horde Wave. Like I mentioned earlier, this get boring real quick. The game only has 9-10 chapters, with all the ""fun"", and ""interesting"" mechanics mentioned above, so yeah. Fun. The final boss is anticlimatic, and the ending is just bad. Even after they updated the ending is only slightly better. While the game does give interesting lore, I feel like there should be more.Now art and sound. I gotta talk about art first, because this is the center of controversy. Back when it came out, the game LOOKED like the show. My only complaint bad then was the bloom on Weiss. And Ruby's cape... Look, people who play Ruby will probably know what I'm talking about (they still haven't fixed the cape!). Eventually, Forever Fall came out, and came with it was a new artstyle and models...this is where the controversy starts. I'll admit, I didn't like the models at first. They looked ♥♥♥♥♥♥. But eventually they put the show filter back in, and tweaked the models. Currently the models have grown on me (and even team JNPR looks good). I still think they should have sticked with the ones from the show- but I digress. The only thing I think they should do is just move the eyes a little closer on Ruby and Weiss's face. Now sound... I'm going to be blunt. The sounds suck. Voice acting is great- music is good. But the sound effects are terrible. I don't feel that punch like I did before. Back before the Revision Update, each weapon had their own unique sounds to really give them this satisfying impact. But now they're just...generic.So that's Grimm Eclipse. The only people I can see this being appealing to is the RWBY fans. I haven't tried out Horde Mode or Team JNPR yet considering they just came out today. But I will update this review after playing them. Also, for those who complain it's $5 for JNPR- RT Games DID mention they would be DLC- and let's be honest. They could have been priced higher. But all in all, I wish Grimm Eclipse was good. But unfortunately there are too many cons than pros. If you DO have some interest in the game I suggest you wait for a sale whenever that comes."
,Recommended,418340,19572950,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Neko Ryuko,"Well, overall it's a great game and I can't wait to see what happens next. There is only a couple of issues due to the new update. The subtitles doesn't follow with Professor Port or the History teacher, some of the trees in chapter 2 are white, and on occasions, the chat box won't show up the text sometimes. What I hope: They add some of the teams."
76561198197906147,Recommended,418340,21271607,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,1100,Nice and enjoyable
,Recommended,418340,28744317,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,《Nova》,"This game is a pure and simple beat-em up. It's fast paced and it's chaos when you have a full team! I have played this with friends all the time. Playing it alone can be hard in some areas, however, the laughter and simple chaos bring this game to a good co-op game!My two complaints about this game is how short it is, and how long it takes to cap a character. This is not a game for completionists, I REPEAT. THIS IS NOT A GAME FOR COMPLETIONISTS. This game is just mindless fun with a great cast of characters, and with the original voice actors repriving their roles as their characters, it really feels like apart of the RWBY-verse.TL;DR version; mindless fun, not for completionist, feels authentic to the rwby universe and canon. Meant to played with a friend or a team. Good game!"
76561198044465375,Not Recommended,418340,23830386,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,TacocaT,Beware. There is no single player campaign just scenarios. This game also has a steep learning curve.  Some players wanting a more meaty experience might feel underwhelmed. I had buyers remorse about 30 minutes in to playing.
,Not Recommended,418340,23946762,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Nima,the game multiplayer server not support all regionsand you can't find any notice about it anywherewhen u contact to support they don't answer
76561198021274931,Not Recommended,418340,24144095,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Sans,I bought this game for 10 dollars...it only has 2 hours of gameplay. 8 if you do the campaign 4 times over with every character. Coupled with extremely repetitive enemy encounters.I wouldn't exactly call that worth it for a 25 dollar price tag.
76561198049148165,Not Recommended,418340,26130221,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,MilesTailsPrower,No where near as good as when i was first on eatly acces. Waste of time now.
,Not Recommended,418340,24740160,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Asterisk Official,"-Really boring combat-Enemies aren't varied enough-Paperthin storyline that doesn' tie into any of the events of the actual show-None of the character interactions that you would want from a tie in game-Awful sound design-Invisible walls fo' days-Game completable in 4 or so hours-Far too expensive considering how much content you getDon't buy this game,-if you're a die hard rwby fan then just buy a T-shirt or something from the roosterteeth store insead.-If you're a fan of character action games, play devil may cry or bayonetta instead"
76561198165698658,Not Recommended,418340,26017321,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Blansy,It's the same old combat with diffrent looking backgrounds over and over again. The price point is a joke and the DLC is more than just an insult to injury. People will defend it because they want it to be good as much as me.
76561198028367195,Not Recommended,418340,24414251,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,supesandbats,"Not a finished game.No tutorial. You're just thrown into it. Bland design.I have not watched the anime, so that may be required to get what's going on.Combat is like Dmc-lite."
76561197976330982,Recommended,418340,25540267,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Rinoa Kamikaze,"This game is fun! But be warned, it isn't very expansive. I got this during the $20 sale, and have poured 8 hours into it at the time of writing. I'm really looking forward to the new content that is around the corner.The story could use some work and It feels as though it needs a bit more dialogue. The level designs are beautiful to look at, but fairly straight forward. The game feels a bit repetitive... but the way to play this game is definitely multiplayer. Playing the story solo the first time was really rough, and the final boss is insane to play solo.I'd like to see more combos and a combo list somewhere as well. I'd also like to be able to pair combos with the other characters in a more rewarding way, but its still fun as it is.Its fun solo, but awesome with others. Don't play solo!!"
,Not Recommended,418340,26017680,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,La-Li-Lu-Le-Lo,"Straight out of the gate, I'll tell you that IloveRWBY to death. I was traumatized whenRoman had literally just gotten eaten, and my lunch break ended. I HAD TO WORK ANOTHER 4 HOURS KNOWING THAT MY FAVORITE CHARACTER WAS DEAD MAN.I bought this the instant it came out, despite not having a PC to play it on until I managed to use WineSkin to run it on Mac.But this game is by no means finished and worth $25.Pros:Good classic co-op fun, like Dynasty Warriors but not nearly as brutal as Left 4 Dead if you don't cooperate & run ahead.Action packed & characters are well animated, looks just like the show.Pretty funny, & is fully voiced by the actors in the show.Original OST by Jeff Williams, the composer for the show.Was originally a fan game that got picked up and made official.Cons:4 hour campaign at most, with no replayability. Incredibly linear with one or two oppurtunites to branch off the entire game. And it's $25 in this state.Still very buggy. Straight up wouldn't start the other day for a friend, and if I interupt an attack to counter, I freeze for a moment after countering.Four characters who all play very much the same, and they want $5 for DLC characters that are obviously better than the default ones. (I'll update my review when I finally figure out if I should pay $5 for main characters in the show)My main complaint is that there are no real cutscenes, and the ones that are there look like♥♥♥♥♥♥ For a game of a VERY well made ANIMATED show, it's unnacceptable that your cutscenes look like crap, and the show looks fantastic. Roosterteeth, you're better than this and I know it as someone who watches RWBY, your animated shorts, Red Vs. Blue, & Camp Camp. Present your game like it.Summary:If this game goes on sale for $15 or less, BUY IT! It's worth $15, as that's what the Beta players paid. But if you want good old hack-and-slash-insane-combo-action with your friends, just buy Dynasty Warriors 8. Once you've played through the game once, you've explored everything there is to this game.Areas of definite improvement that would make the game worth $25:REAL cutscenes, and more context to the story.More campaigns, even if it was one per season of the show that adds another hour or two, I would be happy.Fix all your bugs and polish the game more before you call it ""finished.""Why the F*CK are the models for JNPR better than the models for team RWBY? Get up and update that man!Please for the love of god, look at how diverse Battleborn characters play, and make team RWBy play like that. Weiss used to be able to heal, and play support, now she can't. I shouldn't have to pay extra to play support.Please for the love of god, give me more context to the story.Now then, off to go play my finished, well-crafted, and non-linear co-op games. Probably Battleborn since the new campaign just came out and a season pass is worth it in that game.JNPR UpdateOkay, I said I wasn't going to get it unless it was on sale, but I had birthday money, so I did. Here's what I have to say about each character. I've played one level with each, everyone is at level 3 except Pyrrha, who is at 4 because I died a lot with her.JauneHe's pretty fun, I think the shield moves are creative. But he doesn't feel that different from a team RWBY character. I love his voice acting in this, his lines fit him great. However...WHO SAID HIS SPRINT CYCLE WAS OKAY?! No. It is the dorkiest looking thing I've ever seen. His taunt is also  a little janky animation wise. Overall Jaune is alright, and is my third favorite of the DLC characters.NoraNora was the biggest letdown for me. She feels like a slow Yang, and she giggles EVERY TIME YOU COUNTER.EVERY TIME.Her attack animations are fantastic though, and she's satisfying, but that will wear off as it did with Yang for me. Nora is unfortunately my least favorite of the characters as she's not nearly as energetic as in the show, and somehow ended up being annoying.PyrrhaPyrrha was the unexpected gem here. Her combo upgrades are fun, and her counter is completely different. Oh god her ult though is so freaking good. Mad AOE & solid damage. My only gripes is that her uncharged heavy attack makes a weird noise, and she feels quite squishy. In one level with each character, I died 3 times with her, and none with anyone else.RenRen has got to be my next favorite. His combos are fun and gratifying, and his Ult is great. He sticks to enemies like mad, and his SMG's have great DPS/AOE. I don't think anything in particular annoyed me playing as Ren, other than that I had to focus on escorting a bomb instead of slaying enemies.Summary of JNPR:It's worth it if you have $5 laying around and you need to refresh the game a little for your hype train to volume 4. Other than that, wait for a sale. These characters are great, I just wish that they came with the game, and that the main team was as good."
76561198150148884,Not Recommended,418340,26107948,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Aeivious,"the game was hardly worth the price point it was listed, but had a lot of stuff coming, but now that its been shown that this game is going to be rittled with dlc for anything good, just makes it a cash grab, do yourself a favor, avoid this game."
,Not Recommended,418340,26334352,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,TutorialLance,"I had high hopes for this game (like most of the people in this reviews section) and i have to agree the game really hasnt added much at all that would warrant such a high price.In short, save for the amount of beautiful maps the game has to offer, this game feels more like a flash game you could find on Newgrounds. Four characters with a limited variety of attacks that have gone almost untouched since the earlier stages before release, barely any combat depth, not much enemy variation and a short campaign - I feel like this sentence can be used to describe a handful of Newgrounds flash games.I personally have no problem with paid DLC but when the base game is lacking this much and is priced that high for what it offers, this really seems like - and I rarely use terms like this - cash grab.I'd only recommend this game if you have plenty of friends that are die hard RWBY fans ready to play the sort of repetitive content over and over again whilst cycling through the same four base game characters that don't reflect what the About section defines as ""intense combat action"".As a final note, I bought this game back when the price was much lower and I still feel I wasted my money sadly. Anyway cheers for Volume 4."
,Not Recommended,418340,26097938,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,[red][LFG]Zellogi,"Gives you about an hour's worth of fun, there's like 5 types of enemies, and they're already releasing paid DLC on a game that has very little completion actually done. Not worth it in my opinion."
,Not Recommended,418340,26098036,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Solid Snake,$5.50 for characters? As if spending $20 bucks on the game itself isnt expensive enough.I'll change this to a positive review if the character expansion changes to be free
,Recommended,418340,19469858,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,FapGod,"The game is basically a mixture of Left 4 Dead and a beat em up, which doesn't sound like they fit together but it works rather well togther. Still It is an early access  so its obviously going to need a lot of work, but even with its current state I enjoy it and I can't wait to see how it is after a few updates. So basically If you're a fan of the series  and don't mind beating the crap out of mobs you'll more than likely enjoy it."
76561198146601510,Not Recommended,418340,29162796,Posted: 10 January,all,食盐,"Decent looking landscape and lighting is about the only upside to this game./Game mechanics, animations give you a rly ""sudden and choppy"" kind of feel./Combos use a straightforward combination of 1-3 left clicks plus one right click and maybe some follow-up attacks (similar to vindictus, which I enjoy). However some attack animations look so silly and unrealistic, they look like something you'd see in a browser flash game, not a lot of thought put into some combos./Combat remains the same against all types of enemies through the game./Grind the same mission over and over again to level different characters./Not much difference between characters. Most of their ultis are an aoe in your immediate vicinity. Only difference in combos is some characters have different combos that launch them into the air after which you can chain aerial attacks; some have some aoe combos. Otherwise gameplay remains the same on all characters.In conclusion the game isn't thaaat bad but definitely not worth 20 dollars plus a dlc. There's a lot of things to improve with this game, no idea why it has such high ratings."
76561198138564494,Recommended,418340,24223236,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,vapeur,"Having played this game thoroughly now I feel like I can give a decent review. This game is a very simple hack n' slash style game in which you control the characters of team RWBY. While the combos may be simple to perform, utilizing them well can be challenging and quite fun. Even without having friends to play with the multiplayer is actually quite enjoyable. I have met a lot of nice people while playing the game, even a few who roleplay the characters, and the endless grinding of grim waves becomes interesting and new with each random person I meet. Grinding out ranks and going for achievements feels quite fulfilling as some are pretty difficult. I feel like all the people giving negative comments were looking for a triple A title with a thousand hours of content like skyrim or something. This is first and foremost an indie game made with a small team of people and with a small budget. I think the price is fine. I think the content is fine. I think the models look nice. Yes, you can play through the whole game in about 2 and a half hours. People seem to forget you can play through a ton of games out there in less than 3 hours. The real value in this game is not the story, the real value is having fun with friends or random people, feeling like you are part of team RWBY and beating up random monsters. I hope more people buy the game so they get funding for more content. Everybody giving bad reviews is acting like this is a quick cash in on an incomplete game. No, this game is complete, and they have already promised more content to come. I'm sure down the road this will mean paid dlcs. But let's be frank, every modern game has paid dlcs. Most triple A titles will charge 20 dollars per dlc, like Bethesda games. I'm sure dlc content for this game will come much much cheaper and will add plenty of more fun things to do in this game. We as fans just have to be patient, like we have been waiting for Volume 4. Indie projects take time, and we all have to pretend for a second that Rooster Teeth isn't Bethesda or Disney. They can't throw a hundred million dollars at a video game or a show. Nothing they put out will be huge or shiny with a thousand hours of content. All we can do is enjoy what they are able accomplish with limited man power and funding.Now on to what I want to see in this game. Is this game perfect? No. Obviously it isn't. I feel like for a hack n' slash game, half the fun is having different characters to choose from, and being from the world of RWBY, they have a ton of options on who to add to the game. I'm fairly certain team JNPR will be added to the game. It makes sense since this game takes place between Vol 2 and Vol 3, so certain story elements of the show wouldn't be ruined. Everybody is asking for it, so given time I'm sure they will be available as a dlc. I would personally like to see Penny, Sun Wukong, Mercury, and Emerald added to the game, but thats just me. I doubt they would add Qrow, Winter, or Cinder, but that would pretty cool too. I wish they spent a bit more time balancing the current characters. I hear people say every character plays the same, but that is fundamentally wrong. Yang is easily the best character in the game with the strongest combos, and Blake is the worst. I don't think Blake is terribly bad, but if you've played the game you know her light, light, heavy combo is probably the worst in the game and it's holding her back. She probably has the best shooting stun in the game so at least there's that.Besides characters, I would also like to see them add a second campaign, perhaps one set in or around Beacon. I think it would be a great location to add team JNPR, so simultaneously while team RWBY is taking on the Grim in the forests and lab, team JNPR deals with a grim attack at home. That would be pretty cool. I'm also hoping they add more grim types to the game, and more android types. They could maybe add a bit more bosses to the main campaign, since it feels like there are really only two bosses in the game.I have high hopes for the future of this game, and I'm going to keep grinding rank with random people over the next few weeks. Let's all show our support for the game and not return the game because you played it for 20 mins and decided it isn't as good as a triple A title. Magnets are cool too!"
,Not Recommended,418340,24128500,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Everyone's Waifu,"While the game has some of the feel of the RWBY series in its speed, it lacks a lot of its charm and energy, If I were to guess, I would say that the developers intended to capture the rush and scale of the first RWBY trailer, but forgets that what really drew the fans in were its lovable characters and how they interacted with one another. Another more obvious draw was the kinetic, raw spectacle and creativity expressed in the fight scenes which made the series stand out; only in a Platinum Games production would you see something more balls to the wall crazy than in a RWBY battle. The lack of either of these elements is the core reason as to why this game fails as a part of the RWBY universe and franchise.Instead, what we get is a fairly short series of boxed off rooms with a set amount of enemies to kill, empty corridors with little to nothing going on between them and little flash and finesse in the presentation of any aspect of the game, with palette swap enemies and rehashed mini bosses sprinkled throughout this vast emptiness just to give the effect of -something- going on. The enemy aren't even that interesting; the weakest part of the show are the Grimm, whose role in the show is to be that everlooming presence that remind the viewers the world is constantly under threat; instead, it is the personal drama of the characters, the villains and the ultimately the human conflict that vitalizes the show. With the Grimm given the sole focus (outside of a single spoiler character), you'll find it very difficult to feel invested in the story. That isn't to say that the Grimm shouldn't be in the game; there are some very interesting looking Grimm in the show such as the Nevermore, which had one of the best fight scenes in the first season. However, as said before, the game lacks the desire to focus on anything interesting, so for the most part you'll just be dealing with the same three or four types of enemy that can all be felled in the exact same manner.Speaking of the combat, it tries its best to be an imitation of the Batman: Arkham games, with counter icons and ""free-flow"" combat with a mix of heavy and light attacks and an ""Ultimate"". However, I eventually ended up using almost exclusively the light attacks while watching in an eternal panic for the blink and you'll miss it countering system which the enemies WILL spam with abandon and, due to terrain issues, the counters may not even connect and you'll end up ganked by three other Grim, resulting in your untimely and sudden respawn. Although there are four playable characters from the start, I ended up exclusively using Yang for much of the game due to her no-nonsense animation style, which significantly reduced the chance of getting locked in an animation and dying as a result.So Grimm fails to capture the charm and energy of the series in its combat, but what about the music? Well, it has instrumental variants of the show's soundtrack, which is always a plus, however it's poorly mixed and has absolutely no concept of what ""audio looping"" is, meaning that the soundtrack rises, goes through the motions, then stops entirely, then starts again. This means that there's a significant amount of time of complete audio non-action in combar situations. Outside of combat, there's some severe audio/context dissonance, with the hype music tooting away during scenes of walking through the again empty corridors. Additionally, due to the overall lack of boss battles in the game they missed the opportunity to play the vocal tracks during the climactic parts of a battle like they do in the show or a good Platinum game like MGR does.Now, all these problems wouldn't be so bad if it were a fan game. In fact, it started out as exactly that. And I do realize that this is the company's first venture into the videogame market, and for that I do commend them for branching out into new medias. I'll always appreciate Rooster-teeth to go beyond their initial scope. On the otherhand, Roosterteeth also know when an idea is stupid or half baked, so this entire game feels very out of character for them.But this isn't all bad news. As their first game ever, they could have created a much poorer product. The mechanics are there, and occasionally I was having fun stringing hits together. Visually, it's very similar to the show, and the environments are a perfect match for the show. I'm not too bothered by the change in models close to the end of this games release; I spent very little time looking at my character's face anyway, but I did notie that their heads are all just a little too large. Still, it's hardly notable when you're slicing up grimm. The animation is a little janky at times with the enemy, but the player characters themselves are done very well.But as I entered the third and what turned out to be final hour of the game I realized that there's so much more that -could- be done, but simply never came to pass. When the final boss came, I thought I'd actually be able to face off against the villain personally; a fight against an equal, a fellow Hunter, would have somewhat made up for the lackluster rest of the game, but my only reward was only more disappointment.So what can we take away from all this? This game lacks the charm and spectacle that RWBY is known for, and is full of missed opportunities and interesting story that Roosterteeth has become famous for, and I hope, if they ever decide to revisit the gaming sphere, that they try to bring their personality with them next time.Sorry for the long-ish review, it's 8:30am and I am extremely bored and just a tad disappointed. But even if this game is a flop, I'm still thoroughly hyped for season 4. This hasn't shaken me as a fan of RWBY, but it has dissappointed me as a gamer."
,Not Recommended,418340,24134307,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Tanya von Degurechaff,"I really want to like this game, as I love the show, but with such a high price for such little content, and the fact that we saw the playermodels literally downgraded, I would not recommend the game in its current state.The game is quite boring, there isnt much vareity, and you can pretty much get through the game spamming the mouse buttons.The devs clearly saw that people did not like the new playermodels, and still pushed their new playermodels against the wish of the players. They didn't even list reasons as to why they need to use the new playermodels.I had such high hopes for the game. I thought it would be one of those few early access games that comes out okay, but after a few major updates, I was clearly wrong.Should the devs make the game better, like adding more content, or making the combat alot better, I'll change this review to reflect that.If you must buy the game, wait until its on sale, £18.99 is way too high for the amount of content."
76561198096791580,Not Recommended,418340,24126826,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,ScizorRising,"I am a pretty big supporter of the RWBY franchise and I've been following a lot of other stuff on Rooster Teeth as well. When I heard that the RWBY series was getting a game and that it would be a hack n' slash, not to mention an online and 4 player co-op as well, I was hyped. After playing the beta and now finally the official release, I can say that RWBY: Grimm Eclipse...is just okay. The game has very simple mechanics and it doesn't take long for the game to start getting repetitive. The levels are pretty linear and not that interesting. The music is intrumental tracks taken right from the show. All the characters don't feel that different from one another. I will say that the game is pretty challenging though. As I did die quite a number of times. Though that might be the game not responding to my button inputs when it came to countering. Other than that, the game looks decent enough. It does feel like this takes place in the realm of where the show takes place. But really, it's just a standard run-of-the-mill hack'n slash beat'em up game, and not even a really good one. Maybe I expected too much of this game. I mean it's a licensed game based of an ongoing series, and this is the first real game on steam released by Rooster Teeth (at least to my knowledge). So as a first attempt it's alright but nothing you need to go out of your way to check out. This is essentially a product for the fans."
,Not Recommended,418340,24169006,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,AntwØn,"Hoo boy, where do I begin.The combat is shallow, every enemy is just HIT IT UNTIL IT DIES with very little strategy required for any of them. Its also dreadfully easy. Anyone taking this game seriously could beat it without a single death.The levels look like a bunch of individual assets slapped together, very noticable and poorly made.The plot is nearly nonexistent; no introduction, no cutscenes, just random dialogue throughout each mission telling you where to go and what to destroy.The girls are not the main characters of this game. What do I mean by this? The only dialogue they provide in the game is repeated remarks about the battle (""Taste my fist!"", etc.), or ""Hey lets go through THIS door!"" or ""Wow, look at that thing!"" and stuff like that. They don't talk to eachother, they don't talk to anyone. Just random remarks. And Yang makes lame puns sometimes.The only characters with meaningful dialogue (and I use 'meaningful' generously) are Prof. Port, Oobleck, and Ozpin as they yell at you to go here and do that.Not to mention they are the ONLY characters (barring the antagonist) in this game. Hoping to see Glynda or Ironwood? Too bad. What about Cinder and her merry band of misfits? Nope.Anyone at all from any other team? Jaune? Pyrrha? Nora? Rin? ...anyone? ... no? Welp.EDIT: Team JNPR has since been added as a payed DLC.There is no sort of tutorial or even a combo list. You learn the controls by clicking HELP on the pause menu, but you're given no direction as to how to perform combos or what the various attacks you can do are called.While playing as Yang I could purchase an upgrade to a skill called Blast Wave. What the heck is Blast Wave? The upgrade menu doesn't say how to perform it, neither does the control screen.The only reason I was able to find out what Blast Wave was, was because there was a counter for Blast Wave kills on the upgrade menu, and I checked it every time I killed an enemy using a different method. THAT is how I had to figure out what the heck Blast Wave was, by running down each way to kill something until the counter went up.To top it all off, you can finish the game in less than 4 hours. Whats your reward for finishing the game?Nothing. No harder difficulty, no alternate outfits, just a steam achievement so everyone knows how cooool you are.If I had to say one good thing about this game, it would be that its mindless.If you just want to sit down and mindlessly beat the crap out of waves of enemies with no real challenge or substance, and you happen to be a fan of RWBY, then this may be the game for you.I had high hopes for this game, and I'm relieved I only had to pay $10 for it.$25 for this ""finished"" game is an absolute outrage.EDIT: Price dropped to $20 several months later. Still too much.You'd be challenged to call this a good game even if you were the biggest RWBY fan on the planet.This game honestly feels like a beta. Do NOT pay full price for this. For the love of Beacon, wait for a sale. A BIG sale. Like a 75% off sale."
76561198122146495,Recommended,418340,19491904,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,SoundSmith,"I'm a fan of the show, so I can appreciate a lot that I'm sure others don't. That said, this game is still a hell of a lot of fun.Pros: Fun gameplay, good voice acting, great music.Cons: Buggy (early access, though), not much variety in the skill treesSince this game is still in early development, I can overlook the (few) flaws this game has. Looking forward to seeing what comes next!"
,Not Recommended,418340,26118171,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Mercy Main,"Not worth the time. For a company based around gaming, they sure don't know how to create one."
,Not Recommended,418340,26125934,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Tron,"just play god eater, its a million times better then this."
,Recommended,418340,19626299,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,"Neptune, the Holy Paladin",Gaaaaaah! I looooove this game!
76561197992675648,Not Recommended,418340,29309070,Posted: 16 January,all,gemanite55,"TL:DR - The game is too ambitious for it's devteam. Lackluster and repetitive.  Still enjoyable for fans of the show, and likely better as it continues to be worked on.I bought this game with the full intention of treating it like a playtest and have done so through different patches and fixes and ultimately I can't recommend this game as it is right now.  I realize as I write this that anyone who is a fan of the show has already bought it and given it a positive review, so I guess this review is for people who don't know anything about the show and just want a cool fighter.I've written quite a lot about the game in their forums here on steam and have also streamed new updates and made a video review so I have a ton to say about this game, but ultimately it's simply unfinished. Its flimsy fighting mechanics are extremely susceptible to dominant strategy and don't lend themselves well to it's awkward direction.  It gets caught in some kind of strange and hamfisted attempt to offer lots of replayability by locking away what makes each character different and unique forcing the player to grind out kills across playthroughs to unlock skills and attacks that are only marginally (if at all) different from the basic ones.It's greatest sin, however, is that each of the characters are basically all exactly the same.  They've made some progress with the animations differing between characters, but if you were to blindfold me and ask me which character I was playing I wouldn't be able to tell you based on how the game changes (or doesn't) between characters, because the dominant strategy is rooted in the basic mechanics of the combat system.I really want this game to be great, and I feel like it's so close!  However it still needs a lot of work!"
,Not Recommended,418340,24152409,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Adios_Verrickt,"OK, since the game finally hits the full release,it's time to write a review.I lovED the game.Yes ,lovEd.I bought this game just because I'm a big fan of RWBY series, and the first few early access versions did give methe sense of it's build on the animation.However, the Forever Fall update or some other update ruins everything.The old show-accurate models were replacedwith brand new doll-like models, which I had seen in some low-quality 3D hentais. And the developer said , the old models won't never be back.As for gameplay,replayability or whatever , I don't care.The only reason I bought this game is because I think it would looked the same with the animation.And now ,this assumption is false.So, for those who really care about nothing but the animation,including myself, I don't recommend this game.For others,maybe see for yourselves?"
76561198163937761,Recommended,418340,31925911,Posted: 23 May,all,Hoidra,"This game is still pretty great, but the ending was just flat-out bad. It felt like it was rushed, especially when Ozpin came out of god-knows-where, contradicting the fact that the group shouldn't've been able to contact anybody.-Controls are okay, though they need to fix the camera so you're not in someone's♥♥♥♥♥when you get close to a wall.-I like the introduction of team JNPR, and would also love other characters like Penny, team CFVY, etc.-Skins are okay, but if that starts to be a focus of what RT tries to do for this game, then there's an issue.-I would like another gamemode like the one they have, but without the control points. Protecting those points just isn't that appealing when you could be hacking through a horde of Grimm without being told you lost midway through.Bottom line: Don't get this unless you're a fan. You'll have a lot more fun that way."
,Not Recommended,418340,26220133,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Pr1ority,"The ""About This Game"" section tells you that this game has engaging missions and storytelling, but that is false. I bought this game in Early Access and enjoyed it for some time. RWBY: Grimm Eclipse is by far not the worst game I have played, but it is not one that I can recommend to my friends.The ""story"" is bland and boring, while the missions are repetitive and dull. I could not bring myself to continue playing without having something else to do in the background to take my mind off of what little content the game had. The game tells me that it takes elements from Dynasty Warriors and Left 4 Dead, but only the flaws seem to be present.If these were the only problems with the game, I would still probably be playing it, but they are not. The enemies are as terribly fleshed out as most other hack and slash games, but they are so much harder to wade through because reasons. Most enemies are fairly trivial to defeat and the only change in difficultly that I have found is exactly how long it takes to clear a room, not how challenging that room is to clear.On top of the fairly lackadaisical approach to enemy design, the new characters, Team JNPR, that have been teased for quite some time, released as paid DLC for a game that has not even been able to provide more than a few hours of content for its ""engaging storyline"". I am not expecting this game to be completely DLC free in its full release, but I cannot accept paid DLC for a game that still has not lived up to its self-proclaimed greatness.I really enjoyed the time that I have put into this game, but I cannot recommend it if the trend this game seems to be following continues. Random price changes and paid DLC for a seemingly incomplete game is not something I want to see to a franchise that I am a big fan of. Sorry Grimm Eclipse and goodbye, you were a good idea, but your execution was flawed at best."
,Recommended,418340,19524918,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,✪ Rose Butt,"I have only a total of 2.2 hours on this game, and I absolutley love this game. I would reccomend this to ANY RWBY Fan out there that was desperatley looking for a RWBY game. I would reccomend! (b^-^)b"
,Not Recommended,418340,26022303,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,egg,"RWBY: Grimm Eclipse...It was a great game, WAS.  I bought it in early access as a HUGE fan of the show and expected great things. It was a bit of a letdown considering the REALLY short story (less than 45 minutes) and the super grindy feeling playstyle. But I thought ""hey, it's early access. The game will be great on release"". I was wrong.They released the game with only 10 more minutes of gameplay and more grind. Even better, content that would still leave the game quite bare bones you have to PAY for. Best part of all? They decreased the price by 10 dollars, and released a 5 dollar dlc however didn't give the dlc to people who had it prior to. We pay 35 dollars to support the game and make it a thing, and then others can hop on the band wagon and get it all for only 25.I'll remain a fan of the show but this is a huge rip off."
,Not Recommended,418340,26019117,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Noctrian,"Great game, I had lots of fun, however I can not in good concious recommend this game.It is still very much incomplete yet is supposedly out of early access, character packs were promised to be released as free updates when the game was complete but they are now paid DLC. The optimization is subpar and the development cycle is reminiscent of DayZ. The gameplay is repetitive and the story does the show no justice, there is still a lot of poor voice acting in various segments, despite the promise that they had improved it.I bought this on day one, I had so much hope for this game, just to watch as it became another broken promise of a game."
,Recommended,418340,21285526,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Old Wolf of Farron,"Guess you can say Yang was al""right"", but now shes mostly ""left"""
,Recommended,418340,19436501,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Blewdy,"after thirty minutes of playing the game and finding a few awesome people to play it with ( Lots of RT fans!) I think I can safely write a review about this game.Now, being 100% completely honest, the only downside to this game is the fact it is multiplayer only and yes, you can create a lobby and set it to friends only to play by yourself, but  it is still online, which means if you want to play the game offline, you are out of luck!The gameplay is pretty solid in terms of what they promised, it's hack n' slash with no ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t involved, just plain ol' hack n' slash.Now comes the bad things!  There is an audio issue that really doesn't give you an in between, it's either too loud or too quiet, so you either start losing your hearing because it is so loud or you end up missing half of the things said because it is too quiet!The graphical presets are pretty weak , even though I got a chuckle out of the 'potato' setting, but switching the settings literally did nothing and did make the game run better or worse, so it made me question why they included them.the skill tree system is simple , which is fine, but it is too easy to get all of the skills in one game which brings me to another thing!a progression system, while there is one in mid game, I think they could do ranks or a progression system outside of that, instead of having to get everything and earn it all again, which gets pretty tiring after awhile.For an early access game, it's not too bad and it needs work for sure, but I hope RT reads the feedback and does this game some justice!"
76561198060622237,Not Recommended,418340,27820765,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Omen,So I got this game back when it was early access(I am regretting that choice) combat has been changed ab it the graphics changed for the worse and I thought yea when they release other characters from the other teams this is gonna be awesome.... we have to pay.... there was hardly a full campaign on release and your going to charge us for a team? yea no I will be deleting htis from my library and religating it to the never care about again stick with watching the series... ♥♥♥♥ this could of been so good
76561198069425551,Not Recommended,418340,24537996,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Crapefruit,"I hate to say it, but  even the unofficial pre-alpha done by only one guy of the team was better than this game. I think I played the pre-alpha twice as much. And that hurts to say. I really wanted this game to be it's maximum potential. But it turned out to be one of the worst fighters/rpg/whatever this game is supposed to be, I've played. And don't get me started about what they sell as exclusive storyline.Sry RT, gotta be fair tho"
,Recommended,418340,22823050,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Kyuzee,still only small content but its already awesome.
76561198087954031,Recommended,418340,19505609,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,The Man™,"Really great game! My friend and I are having a wonderful time playing it together and are excited for future updates! We both have one main complaint, however, and that is the lack of a saving feature for your progress. After a while it gets boring a repetitive redoing everything again just to get back to the point you were at, which makes the whole thing less enjoyable. Maybe incorperate save points after each main mission has been accomplished? along with this give the player who hosted the game a chance to load it again for when they wish to play next? Just a thought! Also the use of semblance would be a fun and interesting thing to have.Aside from that this game is living up to my expectations! I was very excited to play upon its release and still am! You guys are doing great :)"
,Not Recommended,418340,24214569,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,KingKickAss,"I have done a complete redo of this review to shorten things up so its easier and gets the point across. Keep in mind this is a FULL RELEASE.-Almost 30 dollars, barely even worth 10, making it overpriced as hell-Combat is boring and incredibly repetative-Feels incredibly unfinished-All 4 characters feel the same-Since its hit full release they are adding DLC that you have to pay for when this content should actually be in game for free. Clearly the developers just want your money.-Severe lack on content-Literally no tutorial what so ever-Cannot change key bindings-You cannot pause this game in single player-Its a co-op game where kill stealing is a very real thing so it pushes away teamworkThis game is actually the worst game I have ever played that has cost money, I had got it on sale and still had immediate buyers remorse. Would I reccomend this game? I would reccomend that you reccomend others not to purchase it. Never buying anything from RT ever again."
,Recommended,418340,24143458,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,RvB Caboose,"Well after the disaster that was Rooster Teeth vs Zombians, I was hesitant to try this title. But it is RT after all, so I gave it a shot... Pleasantly surprised. While the characters have basic depth and combat alone, this is a really nice title to play multiplayer. With difficulty that you need a teammate to revive you every now and then, and teammate combat combos, multiplayer really shines here. 6/10. Max I'd pay for the game: $20Pros:Depth with multiplayer is fun, anywhere from 2-4 charactersDecent length, 10 chapters and 3 hours of gameplay, thankfully leveling and the 4 characters should get you 10-20 hours out of the game.Art style is nice to me, may not be to others..Trinkets to collectCons:Singleplayer experience will be kind of bland.You may need to play multiplayer to continue in some areas..Trinkets seem to have no value other than achievement..If you blitz through the story and only play with one character, you won't feel like you are getting your moneys worth.Enemies are varied, but the combat feels a bit repetitive unless you switch characters at times.The game has several ""waves"" of enemies, instead of maybe exploring different avenues outside of the genre comfort zone.So yes, while I can recommend this game to RT fans, fans that aren't necessarily fans of the series or genre might want to proceed with caution, or pick it up on sale."
76561198103826046,Recommended,418340,23361523,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,The PRO.KeANU,"I like this game very much, but the new model makes me very disappointed.Before the model and the original animation can be said to be exactly the sameThe new model now is like a doll, very ugly"
,Recommended,418340,29156185,Posted: 9 January,all,Zammy Owens3,"BEFORE YOU JUDGE READ IT ALL PLEASE!!!I rated this game up because I enjoyed it, not because it's necesarrily a game of quality for people who don't love rwby as much as the next guy or just plain don't watch it.Negatives:I really enjoyed this game, far too much in fact. By any standard, this game should be terrible. The straight and one way pathing is frustrating and leaves much to be desired. The depth of story is shallow and predictable. The price is outrageous for the content provided (though I understand the games is still under construction or it SHOULD BE). There is only a few choices of characters in comparison to the plethra of people and story depth in the show. Lastly the campaign to a simple onlooker isn't aaaaamazing. The lack of content really adds to the buyer's remorse. The only real people that can love this game are the real rwby fans that don't play alot of video games and analyze their pros and cons.  This game needs work.NOTE TO DEVELOPERS: I understand a roleplaying gaming is out of the question. But a more interactive way to choose missions would go a long way to improving the game. Something similar to the missions with a real huntsman/huntress accompanying team RWBY in the show could give the game more life and make it feel more real. ALSO, design the level with secrets that ARE ON COMPLETELY DIFFERENT PATHS than the main roads. Make the game more of a maze but add substantial mapping to compensate as to solve the one way forceful feeling. A variety of turrets may also help as the horde mode is GREAT and I would love to see it grow!Positives:BUT! Allow me to share what the game developers did right! The models are true to the show. I loved the finished copies aaaaalot! The abilities for each huntsman/huntress at first had the same feel. But eventually the ability trees diversified, mostly in the dlc tho which made me kinda mad but still cool. The nerf of ruby broke my heart though because she is my favorite :-  .The dialogue is anything a real diehard rwby fan would enjoy. Lovable lines from every character are present though I do feel like they can be better. The monsters look amazing and really do the art style justice. The coloring of the simple trees in the forests and etc is to die for! I looooooved the redness in the trees and it made me feel like I was really in the forest fighting grimm."
76561198070938768,Recommended,418340,19481527,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,spoorek,"The game is great, but It needs more or longer campaigns and maybe some sort of pvp aspect"
,Recommended,418340,29468342,Posted: 24 January,all,Milos,"RWBY: Grimm Eclipse is a four player hack-and-slash set in the world of Remnant, and was made in part to be a new way for fans of the RWBY series to jump in and have fun themselves. It was originally developed independently by Jordan Scott, then later picked up by Rooster Teeth and became the first title officially developed by Rooster Teeth Games. An early access version was made available in December of 2015, and recently was fully released on July 5th, 2016.In Grimm Eclipse, you take on the role of one of the four members of Team RWBY (pronounced “ruby”) and set out to find what is disrupting Beacon Academy’s security system. You fight against swarms of Grimm (the catch-all phrase for monsters in the RWBY Universe), but look for answers: who is behind all of this? How are they doing it? And why won’t Yang stop telling awful jokes?  Can a game based on an animated series live up to the hype?The GoodThis game has gotten a lot of polish since the last time I talked about it. The lag issues are totally gone, which is a major plus. The graphics are much better than they were, and the art style really captures the show’s unique feel. Combat has also been revamped with the addition of heavy attacks, counters, and finishing moves, giving it a lot more depth.  The fighting is quick and clean and flows smoothly throughout the game. It’s a simple system, but sometimes simple is best.The four characters (Ruby, Weiss, Blake, and Yang) each have a distinct fighting style, allowing you to pick the one that suits you best. Grimm Eclipse also has a level up system that allows for a small degree of customisation. You’ll quickly realize that the level cap of ten doesn’t give you nearly enough points to purchase every skill in the game, so it’s up to you whether you want to focus on survival, brawling, long-range attacks, or what have you.  It adds a small RPG, stat element to the immediate rush of combat that Grimm Eclipse is built on, and it doesn't detract from that fighting.Speaking of characters, the voice acting is all done by the actual voice actors. Aside from your team members shouting their one-liners throughout the game, you get running commentary and advice from Professors Port, Oobleck, and Ozpin. There is no game that can’t be improved by Dr. Oobleck’s coffee-fueled ranting.  In all seriousness, it's nice to see that this game doesn't feel like a throwaway attempt to make money off the series, but instead adds lore and character to what's happening.In welcome news, they’ve also ironed out the matchmaking for finding co-op allies online. You can now choose your preferred difficulty and which level you’d like to play, and the game will find people to play with you.The Bad:I have to admit that I was disappointed by a few things about the final release.  For one thing, Grimm Eclipse is very short; the campaign only takes about 2-3 hours to finish, and the story leaves a bit to be desired. Remnant is a rich world with a long and colorful history, and all of that just becomes simple scenery for your battles against the Grimm. We do end up getting a bit of background lore, and tidbits of interesting detail are sprinkled throughout, but nothing earth-shaking comes out of the plot.  I was hoping for something with a bit more gravitas, or some new angle to help me enjoy the world a little bit more.   Instead, it feels shallow in comparison to what could have been.The Final Wordits ok"
,Recommended,418340,19500732,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Moon,awesome recommended :)
,Recommended,418340,20827061,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Sideo,"Despite only 2.7 hours of play time I need to voice my love and hate for this game.What I love: I can play as any Team RWBY characterGreat battle system, managed to make a bit of a fight strategyMinibosses that feel like minibossesMULTIPLE YANGS AND RUBY'S AT ONCEStory  seems like it'll be greatWhat I'm neutral about: Lack of endless horde modeNo sort of substance outside of the levels (weapon unlocks, skins, ect,ect)What I hate: I can play as any Team RWBY character, I'd love to be able to play as other characters.People tried to mimic my battle strategylack of bosseslack of NoraUI seems too basic and hope to see uniue UI's for each charactercan't make own hunter/huntresslack of Norawant to say make it into a hack and slash RPG but know that plea will never be heard because MOBA system already in placelack of nora vs yang that isn't a food fightI love this game but to me right now it's a game with friends and nothing else really. I want to see this game evolve into something spectacular like...it could basically be Dynasty Warrior for RWBY and have a huge cast of characters.something I want more than anything: Pleas RT...let me play as Qrow"
,Recommended,418340,19623561,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Elma Joui,"RWBY: Grimm Eclipse turned a week old recently, and I fell in love with the game. Ruby, Weiss, Blake, and Yang are unique from each other, and I love to play as all four huntresses. The soundtrack that plays when playing the game is really good, and the controls are not stiff. I love the gameplay as well, and the teammates you play with are supportive (after all, working as a team is crucial when playing multiplayer). I may love the game, but there are two flaws that makes me cringe a bit. First comes from the lag that may occur if too many things are going around. I am only referring to certain enemy attacks or the loads of enemies that appear when battling, but the rest of the game runs smoothly which I like. Secondly and possibly the most important is the experience players receive when playing online. Artifacts, exp orbs, and wave clearances are fine, but getting exp from Grimm becomes an issue. The exp is given ONLY to the player who finished off the Grimm, and that can be frustrating, especially those who took so long to weaken the enemy and all of that is ruin when someone else takes it out. So why not instead have assist exp for those who help out fighting Grimm a player is having issues with. The person who took it out will get the most experience, but players who helped out can also get experience so it can be fair for everyone. Overall, the game is enjoyable especially with people online, and I bet the team is still creating some new features and fixing bugs and hiccups for the game. I reccomend this game to anyone who loves RWBY and/or hack-and-slash games."
,Recommended,418340,19516993,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Serana Eclipse,i can not wait for this to be finished. even this early im having alot of fun with it!
76561198120921966,Recommended,418340,19840923,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Mland22,"Hack 'N' Slash.... a genre I don't usually play. However being a fan of the actual animated series I decided to give the game a fair go.The game is still not fully completed and as such I can't talk about the full story as it's journey has yet to be finished, however the cannon storyline is both interesting and in-depth. However this is contrasted heavily by the chaotic combat, supplied by the online main story mode.The leveling system is very fair being that when you start any game, you are level one unless you joing a mid-game session in which to are boosted to the average level. Kill monsters, collect experience orbs and artifacts to gain experience. Upon leveling up you can spend one point per level, with the points stacking up. The tree flow design is simple yet effective with various challenges to unlock additional skills. All in all requiring you to play certain characters to unlock unique special abilities or any to unlock generic upgrades such as health or aura.The only problem with this system is that players are more orientated on experience than team work. I was walking for a box, that could potentially house an experience orb, before a player jumped in front to take my box. This is similar to combat against enemies. I can understand if it's a clustered fight and there is too many for one person but if I'm versing a single monster and I start to go for the last strike to kill it and earn the experience I don't like how people can do a ranged attack, defeat it and earn your experience. A shared pool may be needed?Realistic point... would I buy the game still knowing what I know? The simple answer, yes. The simplistic combat system is still both fun and engaging. It may be experience orientated but it is still humorous when playing with friends over skype. YES, play with friends. I enourage it to the ends of the earth. It allows better teamwork skills are is more enjoyable.======================================================================Comat Update ReviewRecently I decided to play this game again because I'm bored from lack of work. To my suprise I found an extensive rework of the combat system. To me it had appeared as if the ranged button had been removed for a heavy attack (right click) and for the first ten minutes I taught myself all the new combos I need and their effects.I was playing for about ten minutes before a teammate casually asked why I didn't use my barrage ability to which I regrett saying, because I sounded like a noob, ""how?"". Apparently the 'R' now acts as your ranged attack with 'E' preforming a finishing move and 'F' making your charcter sprint to a enemy like they're offering free money.The single player option is nice, allowing you to master your skills by yourself before worrying about multiplayer where people judge (as I was without knowing ranged abilities). The graphics and camera additions are implimented flawlessly with the game's appeal and overall its been a great update.Would I recommend the game, now? Yes, even more so than the previous time. The combat style makes it feel more worthwile and meaningful when an enemy actually dies. Improved enemy AI makes the game harder and more strategical rather than ridicously overpowered. Keep going developers. I'll be here and waiting."
,Recommended,418340,21005043,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,BootyTwerk4Jesus,Amazing game! Can't wait for the full game. Right now you pretty much get a demo. Needs an offline mode I played through almost three times but was booted from a server with just myself for being inactive. If you play it set aside a full hour to finish the game once you start it or you'll have to restart. None the less keep up the good work rooster teeth and keep breaking legs
,Recommended,418340,19562178,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,LnNrdo.41AK,"The game in itself is very fun and addicting, only to a certain point as it is still in Early Access but it;s fine since I've noticed that there are only four current developers working on the development of the game, we're only going to be able to see some major changes very slowly towards the start of next year.The game currently only has one campaign which on average lasts for 45 minutes to 1 Hour, depending if you playing solo or with friends but recently, I have only been playing the campaign to either complete character specific challenges, play with friends or since it's the only campaign you can currently play right now.The combat is kind of hack 'n' slash, with three abilities, a dodging system which proves helpful in maintaining the combo to regen SPECIAL points in order to use those abilities.However, I can't help but make suggestions for the developers to consider in their game. I don't know if other fans would appreciate this but I know I would love these additions if they are not already being thought about.Thoughts and suggestions:• The enemies in the game currently kind of weak currently, with them being only 200 HP, 400 HP, 1000 HP and so on and so forth. I would also like if the campaign had levels of difficulty in them, longer levels or more levels (Basically missions) and bosses would be a great addition to the game aswell (Cause every game needs a boss fight, come on!).• The current characters are obviously the main characters of the show (Ruby, Weiss, Blake & Yang) but if other characters or teams (JNPR, CRDL, CFVY, SSSN, ABRN, NDGO, BRNZ) were added, I have no doubt they would make the game a nice variation and also if certain characters had abilities that could only be performed with other characters.• This was suggested by a friend of mine and I thought this would be awesome to have, which is a character customization system, where you can create your character with the choice of customizing appearances, style of fighting and weaponry.• While in game, I noticed you can't check your teammate' health bars or special bars and would prove helpful to have them on the screen while fighting in case a team needs a quick revive or help with some enemies.• There is a leveling system in game but maybe a profile level wouldn't be so bad if other character do come out. That way, you can show off how much a character you have played, your best charater, best stats, etc.• More options (Video resolutions, graphic settings, audio settings)• Not a necessity but maybe a better looking menu, with artwork of the characters or short clips, I don't know.Overall, I find this game to be very entertaining for me except for the occasional bug or glitch that happens. Apart from that, I would recommend this to any fighting game fans, fans of the show or someone who try out something new."
76561198172714975,Recommended,418340,31939733,Posted: 24 May,all,Skye Jones,"As a fan I really enjoyed this game, and was a good challenge trying to 100% it"
76561198175195907,Recommended,418340,20569388,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,codyrainy,put survival mode it would be awsome :D
,Recommended,418340,20611430,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Voidbound,i like the game and the series. hope to see more content and maps :)
,Recommended,418340,20621389,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,♕♛JKing85♛♕,Awesome game! Awesome show! it just works.  that is all.
,Recommended,418340,20307000,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,» Køpp Spøøks,"At this point in time there isn't much in the game with a short campaign and only 4 playable characters. But its looking like it is going to turn out as a pretty neat game. The gameplay is alright, and the graphics are pretty good too. Hopefully this game will turn out awesome."
,Recommended,418340,20412469,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,{[[UMB]]}Everglow,Great hack and slash that stays as true to the show as possible.
,Recommended,418340,20373677,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Sociopathic Sniper,"Amazing game, best ""Early Release"" game I've ever played! If you are a fan of RWBY then this is a must!"
,Recommended,418340,20390264,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,themas,"I love this game, even though the story is very short I find myself playing it over and over again."
,Recommended,418340,20222129,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Hungry Kanna,Good Combat Action and references.Good CO-OP mode.
76561198037372083,Recommended,418340,20343164,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,OCDDavid,"If you are a fan of the show this is basically a must have.At the moment it is still in development and there is not a ton to play but what there is, is fun.The characters all feel relatively close to what we see in the show (or at least as close as one can get with a game based on an anime) and different enough from each other that you will wind up finding one you like the most. The only downside i see to the characters as they don't exactly feel like they have any of there Semblance from the show really (they have little things for some but mostly just visual).The graphics are almost identical to the show when at max imo but the problem is that even though they look good with the small amount of mobs and the type of graphics i would expect the game to run much better on lower end machines then it does (but that is getting fixed with patches as they continue to make the game).Over all this is a solid game that once finished (If it keeps up with the direction it is going and they add a good amount more content) this will be one of the best anime to game ports i have seen as far as keeping the look and feel."
,Recommended,418340,20512511,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Sanderinno Ripperinno,You can use scythe guns. 10/10
,Recommended,418340,20250084,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,⚡✪Unforgiven389✯⚡,Really fun game for those who love the RWBY series. :D
,Recommended,418340,20568030,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,TailsPrower,"The game is really REALLY fun, specially for an early access!I only played with Ruby and Weiss so far, and managed to finish the campaign with Ruby. So, I'll give a quick feedback based on my first impressions!- The combo system lacks counting based on the number of enemies you hit. If I use the charged 3-hit spin attack from Ruby on one enemy or ten enemies, it will always count as 3 hits instead of 3x the number of enemies I hit. This makes filling the Special bar a bit difficult, because if I focus only on a few enemies, I kill them before I stack 12 hits (the necessary to fill 1 square of the bar), but if I gather a bunch of enemies, it's easier to accumulate hits, but they also hit you more often and break your combo. Increasing the number of hits necessary to fill 1 square, but making the combo based on how many enemies you hit with single blows, would be better in my opinion!- I found myself competing with my teammates a bit more rather than working with them, because as any hack'n'slash game, you try to gather as many enemies as possible, and since the experience gain is individual, you naturally will want to gather and kill more enemies than your teammate. This might not be an issue since it is fun to compete with your friends, but with the series focusing so much in teamwork, I think it would be cool for there to have more mechanics or skills solely for teamwork.-Ruby seems to be a bit better than the other characters, in general. I said I didn't play with Yang and Blake yet, but based on the matches I had, the Ruby on our team (including myself when I played with her) always killed a bit more than the others. Not saying to nerf her, but improve the other ones a little bit, since the game is alredy quite challenging.No more, I REALLY loved this game and I will keep playing it! Hack'n'slash is one of my favorite genres of gaming, and Rooster Teeth did it right with this one.EDIT: Played with Blake, and oh my gosh she makes combos like crazy! Her middle special has a little weird hitbox, but it works, and in general, she might be my favorite character to play with. Also, her ranged attacks are amazing."
,Recommended,418340,24219267,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Crazyfrod1,"Good game for co-op, great way to learn excuses for why you died and it was NOT because of my lack of skill and if anyone says otherwise they are trying to trick you.I hope that they add more story to the game as this one was way too short and to be honest not great. Gameplay was fun and the music was amazing. Just waiting on that Nora DLC now..."
76561198127192772,Not Recommended,418340,24660834,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Ruby Soul,"""Played in the combat beta once they updated to full game it killed it for me now combat fells way to slow for what the game is and dull very very dull i love rwby but this is♥♥♥♥♥♥quot;They did fix it and i had forgot to update my review.As it is now the game still lacks content if you do not decide to rank up and reset everything you have done 10 times over (this is not fun and it will not reward you in any way other than a number by your name).Some chars are overpowered even if i like the char i would like this to be fixed.Hoard mode was a lot of fun, but like some others have said if another player joins a few waves in you are more than likly going to get destroyed.If you are not a fan of the show this game might not be for you."
76561198119520188,Not Recommended,418340,26072462,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,NateMiki,The camera is by far to sensitive.  I've played this after the release and before the update and it was fine.  The update made it diffucult to play as the camera would rapidly roatate at the slightest movement of the mouse.  On another note the game is possible to play alone but with the inclusion of team attacks is near impossible at times.Combat wise I have two complaints as well.The Aura really should be somewhat stronger.  Some enemies destroy it in one hit.  This is bad when the larger bewolf can pin you in a corner and kill you in two hits.  There needs to be a stronger Aura or enable the ablity to dodge past enemies.Secondly the armored enemies are just not fun to deal with.  There used to be a perk that Ruby could unlock that allowed for her rifle to do damage to armored enemies which I can't seem to find anymore.  These armored enemies are big offenders of destroying the Aura in one hit which makes fighting them effectively a hit them once or twice then run as your Aura restores.  Not bad if it weren't for the fact one of these enemies has a massive amount of health.Please at least fix the camera.
,Not Recommended,418340,26077345,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Microsoft EXCELSIOR!,"This is an utter blast to play if you're a fan of the showand have a group of friends who are also fans of the show to play it with. And I want to recommend it so much based on how much fun that can be. But unless that is specifically you, this may not be a good purchase.Otherwise... it's just not worth it. The main appeal is playing as your favorite characters from the show who sling out a quote every now and then. And even then a lot of fans are kinda double-thinking they're purchase. Other than the great combat system there's not much content. The campaign was originally short and not worth the $20 dollars until they updated it to be double the length although Roosterteeth is already releasing $5 DLC. That being said I do have a group of friends who watch the show and play this. And I've had so much fun with it that even when I'm a broken down husk in therapy with no control over myself and hating everything I will STILL recommend it. But unless you fit that criteria this won't be a good purchase for you."
,Not Recommended,418340,26049250,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,colorz.,"While I really would want to recommend the game, it has many flaws.Overpriced. The game is clearly not in a finished state yet.-The UI is very, very simple and is missing some nifty info like actual damage and health numbers.-Only a couple of voice lines, it gets really boring and an noying after a while.-The recent DLC is broken as ♥♥♥♥, practially broke the whole game.-Too linear. It wouldn't take much away to add more pathways.My friends constantly crash, I crash, how can you even have fun WITHOUT the dlc if it broke the original game too.Positives-Ranking system-A decent amount of different enemy types-Boss fights-Combos and skills"
76561198138177483,Not Recommended,418340,26042845,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,MosCato-Rose~,after JPNR update..  the game always crash..  hope they fix this soon...  really dissapointed
,Not Recommended,418340,24751137,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,PineappleBoiNatsu,"I am A die hard RWBY fan and I really dont want to give this game a bad review, but I have to.The game has good graphics and Breath takeing atmosphere, and is definatly fun on your first play thourgh, but anything past that is so god damn boring. there are 9 missions in the campaign with a final boss battle witch is SUPER EASY even on the hardest difficulty when solo. The missions are super repetitive, for instance, you'll walk into an open area and fight grimm, you kill grimm then you walk into another open area and fight more grimm. I just explaned how the entire Campaign will go. They do change it up by adding robots and mutated grimm that are HARDER THAN THE FINAL BOSS. The final 3 mission's were rushed. I bought the game when it first came out and I waited so so so long for the full version and was Disapointed as hell. As it stands this game is not worth 25 bucks. only get it if it is on sale. I hope this reveiw was helpfull :)"
,Recommended,418340,19430382,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,black crystal lotus,Nice beta it needs alot of corrections but it is really nice to play and very fun to play with friends
76561198092707245,Not Recommended,418340,24541133,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Duskylyon,"RWBY: Grimm Eclipse is great. It’s a simple yet addicting game where you play as one of the four main characters and hack and slash through hordes of enemies. Each character is fun and unique to play as, leaving lots of replay value to find your most suited and favorite playstyle. (For example as Ruby, I like to stun enemies with ranged attacks and then go in with a power attack) The locations are varied, beautifully designed, and shaded. Character models do not exactly resemble the show but still look fine. There is an enticing skill system you’ll find yourself coming back to in order to unlock new and powerful abilities. The game also features a funny and interesting dialogue, and you’ll enjoy hearing each and every one of Yang’s puns. In addition to all of this, there is also a ranking system, which allows you to increase your hunter’s rank after you’ve maxed every character’s level and completed select challenges. All in all this leaves for an immeasurable amount of playtime. So why a negative review? Because despite everything, this game is missing key features. Combat itself is okay but nothing notable. Generally speaking enemies are damage sponges. You continue to whack away at them until they die. For example the Beowolves. Although hits from these enemies will take a chunk of your health, it’s fairly easy to just spam the dodge button and escape from them, leaving no sense of actual challenge or skill. For the most part the enemies aren’t even difficult. They often stand around, wait a few seconds, and then execute a fairly easy to dodge attack. (I would add the android/robot type enemies as the sole exception) Therefore there’s no real sense of challenge. Most of the difficulty comes from trying to survive hordes as opposed to an enemy itself. Which is alright but definitely a bit lacking in substance. This game was supposed to release with a horde mode. As mentioned earlier, this would maybe rectify the games lack of challenging AI because most of the difficulty and substance of the game relies on hordes instead of individual enemies. However as of the day this review was posted, there is no horde mode. Furthermore, teamwork is virtually nonexistent. For a game that prides itself on being similar to L4D2, It really falls short. The most teamwork you’ll probably ever get out of this game is if one of your members dies and you’ll need to revive them. Oh, but that’s the thing. If your teammates chooses not to revive you, your character will just revive after a set amount of time. So there’s no actual consequence for not helping each other. Not to mention each character is set up in a way that they can all play independently of each other. So despite having a full team, you’ll find you often don’t need each other and can just go off and fight on your own. It really is disappointing. And finally, there is no Team JNPR. Yes Team RWBY is great, but eventually you’ll tire of the four characters. For a game with only about four hours of campaign, there’s only so much you can get out of a limited cast. Adding another team would definitely increase the value and playability. Supposedly JNPR is planned but is also not part of the game currently. With everything I’ve listed, I’d say this game is definitely not worth $25. It’s very much incomplete. $15 sure; it's simple, it’s fun, and it’s RWBY. But $25? No. The campaign is short, it’s missing a promised feature (horde mode), combat is flawed, and you only get four characters to play as. So my overall verdict is this. If you’re a huge fan of RWBY and don’t care about price, buy this game. You’ll love it. You get the main cast, some fun hack and slash combat, and an interesting side story. But otherwise avoid it until they at least add Horde Mode. Or buy it during a sale."
76561198116391215,Not Recommended,418340,24433686,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Dream4memes,i just want more characters to play
76561198255027733,Not Recommended,418340,28885909,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Loyalty,"Listen. I absolutely love RWBY. Watched every single episode so far and am enthralled within the fandom. However, I tried this game and it was okay at best. The game itself got old after 20 minutes of game play and the gameplay is very repetitive. I wouldn't recommend this game to anyone who wants to play it just because. I love RWBY, but this game seemed too rushed and the gameplay got boring after a while."
76561198329384538,Not Recommended,418340,28968656,Posted: 2 January,all,AloofLeader1497,"It was fun for the first few days and became stale after a bit to the point I couldn't stand playing it anymore. As a RWBY fan, I have to say that I am disappointed. The game is extremely repetitive, has no variety, the story was bland and it was an overall mess. Save your money and buy a game that will make you happy for a long time."
,Recommended,418340,24536699,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Yukana Yame,"If you are a Real Fan of RWBY,buy thi game,dont mind the players criticsI love it,and i hope they continue making extras things on it:)"
,Not Recommended,418340,24155589,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Rinera,"To summarise it from the get-go, it's not the worst thing ever but it tried to do what it couldn't do. It's also NOT worth that much money. As a RWBY game, I can't really say it's good either, with a lot of weird and nonsensical moments, and a terrible story, even supposed to be canon.1). CombatRegarding the Combat, I'd describe it as... tiresome. They attempt to create a basic hack'n'slash core providing you with a Light attack combo that can be interrupted using a Heavy attack to deliver a hit based on the Light attack combo sequence. Pretty common stuff. So what's the problem? Light-Light-Heavy is basically the best thing you can do cause it does high damage, is easy to use and has a big hitbox. It doesn't matter what other attacks there are, Light-Light-Heavy spam is what you will be doing against most monsters, build your ""Ultimate"" by generally attacking and then use that.There is an upgrade system as you level up which allows you to increase your effectiveness of some of your attacks, improve your defenses or gain some passive benefits. It's not the worst upgrade system I've seen honestly. Upgrading your attacks has an actual effect on what they do and picking a slightly different build during a playthrough can be beneficial depending on the situation. Too bad it has to accompany such boring combat.2). Level DesignI don't care if they made everything, but this feels like a bunch of pre-built assets thrown together. It doesn't feel like you are in the world of RWBY at all. Neither visually since textures lean towards the slightly realistic, not 3D anime, nor logically. What I mean by ""logically"" is that they tried to make a linear design but forgot the characters we are playing are capable of jumping from falling rock to falling rock and then land on a giant flying bird. That's straight out of one of the first episodes. You'd expect a lot of verticality and acrobatics and there is none of that. Heck, on the latest areas our characters need to go through some ""gates"" that you can visually jump over in-game! It's like they hired people that never saw the show, even after they got hired.The game is indeed VERY short, but it was ""made to be replayed multiple times"". Can't say they nailed that really. It lasts a bit too long to make me want to play it again, but not long enough to say that I got what I wanted.3). General enemy varietyEnemy variety... yeah there is some, but most of them can be killed using the same Light-Light-Heavy attack spam, or a charged up Heavy attack to spice things up! That was sarcasm. We are on the internet, I need to make that clear. Personally, I got bored fighting these enemies by now, and it's not even because it's the same ones over and over, that's fine! It's that you deal with all of them the same freaking way, just some have a bit more health and some need you to dodge out of the way sometimes.But whatever, surely a RWBY game will have some cool bosses, right?! Well, the final boss is kind of interesting... since it's the only unique boss. And even then, it's easier than normal packs of Wolves. I'd say this is very disappointing, especially since it has nothing but combat.4). Overall PerformanceOkay, the only good thing that came out of this is that performance has improved, at least on my system. The game lacks a proper settings menu for some reason, but they did put some thought into optimising the game a bit. Got a good enough PC? You can run it. Drops can happen when playing with a lot of people at certain areas, but nothing completely gamebreaking.In case it wasn't clear enough, I really dislike the direction combat took. On the Early Access launch, while it was way more simple, it was fast paced and extremely fun. Instead of building upon that, they decided to do something they didn't have the time and/or talent to and made a failed attempt of a complex combo system.The actual cast is in the game which is cool. It was made by Rooster Teeth themselves after all, but whoever was writing the story, even if it was leftovers by the late Monty himself, did a terrible job. The villain is obvious and predictable to say the least, checking a fair amount of cliches from the cliche villain list. The one liners that the characters say can sometimes be like they told the actresses to just say whatever comes in their heads and I swear that they sound more and more bored as the story goes on. Also there is absolutely zero vocal interaction between them, and you'd think that would be an obvious thing to do.It's just a mess honestly. There is an attempt from Rooster Teeth to make a game, but it was not good. But despite all that, at a lower price, a fan could enjoy playing as their favourite characters for a bit. It's totally not worth 25 dollars, okay? But maybe at 10 or so you could get it and play through it once just to play as a character from the show."
,Recommended,418340,19731513,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Yagyû,"So many potencial! This game can be called Alpha yes but I see a lot of potencial here.We have to wait for new content.. that means: new stages, new game modes (like newgame+) additional features.Pro-Graphic style (rare and strange but nice)-Soundtracks are great-Gameplay-Character difference-Skill systemCon-no content actually-some performance issues sometimesKeep it up!"
76561198052018936,Not Recommended,418340,24416478,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,martinpat94,"ok first time seriously reviewing a game so here we go.First unless you are a fan of the show don't buy this game as it is right now everything won't make a whole lot of sense unless you have watched the show.Second I find it very annoying how there is no tutorial or anything else so you have to experiment at first to figure out what does what and this is just poor game design and makes it seem like it is unfinished.Third there is no lock on system so it makes it difficult for me to accurately attack enemies and at times I will just fly right past an enemy.These issues make me think that the game really isn’t finished and there can be more done about it. also I found a guy on YouTube that talked about how a good game could be made and if the guys that made this one were to take some notes from it I think that it will improve on how the game plays and the future updates of it. The video is:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IMWLWmOftWoThough that is just my thoughts and I liked the ideas he has come up with. Anyways this game has a lot of potential and when it is truly finished it will be awesome and everyone should buy it then, but until then I will not recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,418340,26067139,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Yuri50,"The game? It was a free fanmade game changed into somethig alittle bit bigger.It's buggy and has various problems.Last time I played it, it only had 4 levels and if you speedran it you could finish them in an hour.The biggest problem here is the price, It's NOT WORTH 20€ for that price you can pickup alot better games, not only that now they even added DLC that costs another 5€ for only 4 characters that are probably just imports from the actual show (which would mean that they didn't have to work that much to make them) or worse models derived from the shows models like the ONLY 4 main ones that the game has at this point in time which were originaly models from the show.Your money and time are worth more than this game.Edit: They have even more dlc now, while the game is still crap."
,Not Recommended,418340,25862717,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Antix_,"This game was overhyped due to the popularity of the animation, the gameplay was better in earlier builds and quickly became repetitive. Along with that they have announced Paid for DLC after origionaly stating that updates for the game would be free."
,Not Recommended,418340,26036934,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Exothermic,"$5 for 4 characters? No thanks.Just so you know all the pretty screenshots on the front showing team JNPR are only available with a $5 dlc, and thats all it adds. Its sad because I really enjoyed the RWBY show, and thought this would be a good game. Unfortunaetly they are just relying on 'coop' too add replayability to the game without any real content.I bought this in early access, and from that to 'final release' it hasn't really got any new content. I've finished this multiple times, and from my playtime, you can see that it has a very short story. Fun for a few minutes though just gets boring and dull. Wait until this comes on sale for <$5 or something before you buy it."
,Not Recommended,418340,26050025,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,CMANsurvives,"If the prices change to something much lower, then so will this recommendation.Otherwise, don't waste your money. I bought this game in early access for $15. Since then it has increased in price to $25 and then come back down to $20. Why it went up in the first place I have no idea. Plus, the only reason they reduced it was so you could spend 5 bucks on team JNPR DLC which, in reality, is dumb as hell. The DLC should be FREE, in fact it should just be in as an update to the game. But it's not.Don't get me wrong, this game is pretty fun, but with a major lack of content, it's hardly worth the price tag. Rooster Teeth is getting greedy, and it shows in this game, and in their lackluster recent content on YouTube and their website. Rooster Teeth, get a f***ing GRIP!As far as actual gameplay, it's relatively smooth and has been improved over time, so it's pretty great in my book. But still, once again, not worth the price. Spend your money on something else, and may the over-shot price tag rot in Hell."
,Not Recommended,418340,24416127,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,R@,"As a hack and slash, it doesn't feel half bad. Although I have to say, the $25 price tag is a bit too much for the amount of content you get. Only around 10 chapters in the campaign that you could fly through in about 2 hours. You could try playing as the other characters,  but it just doesn't feel that varied.If you have the time and the money, get this game when it's on sale."
,Not Recommended,418340,24735514,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Deadman Wonderland,There is the reason the trailer shows you fighting the same enemies over and over and over and over....
,Not Recommended,418340,24787368,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Ser_dogsheet,Fun game but not worth the price they are charging....The content in this game is very repetitive and very less...If you are a RWBY fan and really want this then better get it during sale...
,Not Recommended,418340,24744221,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,KennyT,"To be honest I don't even know why I'm playing this game. The action is smooth and cool I know that, but the play style and the story is just so freaking boring, you just keep killing and killing and killing and killing, nothing else you can do.And ""Hunter Rank"", wtf is that for, just to show off to your friends how much you love this game? This thing is fvuking bull♥♥♥♥, basically if you reset your profile for higher rank with some buff or additional stats that would be nice and worth a reset, but no, it gives you nothing, absolutely nothing. Why would I want to show off my fvuking level to my friends, why??!! And even those character's skills I've unlocked is now locked again after the reset? This is a real bull♥♥♥♥, REAL BULL♥♥♥♥.Fvuk this game dude....Fvuk this game."
,Not Recommended,418340,25954955,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,somepoorsap,"As much as I love the RWBY series, this game is not worth the asking price.It does not feel like a full game, and there are too many bugs."
,Recommended,418340,26016990,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Trollzama,"Right to the point:If you like RWBY and you like Dynasty Warrior (musou) styled games, you'll get a kick out of this game for sure. It is much better to play online rather than alone.If you like 1 of the 2, wait for a sale before getting this game.However, if neither of these is of interest to you, stay away.For fans of both, it's fun to play on your own but definitely recommended to play online as it is much more fun with friends.The newer models aren't nearly as good as the original beta models, but they're not terrible (and they're much easier to deal with if you've never seen the originals lol)Music's what you would expect from this series so that's a plus, but the variety is lacking. Same for enemy variety, but that's pretty typical in musou games."
76561198087597830,Not Recommended,418340,26136161,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Filthy degenerate,"I really want to give this a positive review but i cant. This is not a good game , boring and repetitive gameplay, lack of contents and it is extremely overpriced. But if you are a die hard fan of the show like me, you can pick it up when its on sale and force yourself through the game with the characters you like as a way of supporting RT. If you can get 3 friends to play with you, it can be fun for an hour or two. But if you are new to RWBY, i strongly recommend you to buy the video bundle instead."
,Not Recommended,418340,23965440,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Kleinaroo,"It's hard to explain. Maybe it's because I've never watched the series beforehand, but then again, it felt dull. I played a bit, couldn't really find any way to have fun. It was awfully repetitive and doesn't give you any feeling of progression. I feel like this could be more, but didn't manage to be in the end."
,Recommended,418340,19756505,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,AndyLis,This game is pretty good for an early release. Nice job! :D
76561198059222531,Recommended,418340,19540786,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Cfsdefender,"Alright, new review for 2017.Rooster Teeth, you are going a great job with the game. I'm enjoying the story line and especially the ability to ramp up the difficulty to Eclipse in order to increase experience. Man is that difficult on single player! The enviroments are beautiful, i will add, now that I found out that there are more than 5 levels when i played to the end of the Underground level. Thank you Rooster Teeth for fixing the crashes.So, here's what I see. As I have now maxed all RWBY characters (on the 1st Rank)  I have noticed a difference to the number of moves in each one. Ruby and Blake have about double the amount of light attacks as Weiss and Yang, why is that? Also, there's still no tutorial or menu for all the controls which I think is desperately needed so that each character can be understood and therefore reach their fullest potential. I still stand by what I said about a block mechanism, and a slightly slower and more believable combat speed.Otherwise, I'm still enjoying the game for what it is, but I think the price is way too high at it's current quality. Keep up the good work RT and take notes from AllTheoryNoPractice!"
76561198068227083,Recommended,418340,19449383,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Mr.Lister the Sister Phister,"The game is good IMO, not without flaws though. Most of this review is pretty much my opinion. but I mean hey I do enjoy the game.-prosThe game environment is well drawnThe characters have unique dialogue and skill setsCharacter design is pretty goodMultiplayer function is a big + for me-ConsThe movement needs work, characters float from time to time.Blake move set/skill are probably the worst. I feel no reason to play her other then liking her as a characterBlake's hit boxes are also badWay to short even for early access. 3 hours and Ive beat it all using characters. That includes soloing on play throughReview: Other then some pretty big fault in character skill and hit boxing I enjoyed it. I would recommend if you have the money to spare and you don't mind the repetition. I feel like the environment fits the lore well and it is fun to explore outside of what we see in the show. With there was more game play then gauntlet fights that pretty much wrap up all but one of the levels.Characters are pretty fun to play as, I had a lot of fun messing around with Ruby and Weiss. Yang took a bit to get used to, I could see her being hard to play if you dont get the special that helps restore special skill. The scoring is heavily dominated by decent AoE attacks so Blake and Yang suffer a lot from that from not having good ones. Blake by far is the worst character in the game and has majority of the flaw/bugs character wise. Her moves are pretty bad, they either dont do like any damage compared to the others or sometimes are just useless. He shadow clone ability I think is really cool, however it take 1 special to use and is only good if you chain it with other clones. Her gun pretty much misses 70% of the time. I literally stood in front of a box and missed. Yangs problems I think is in her DPS. I think she should be a harder hitting character, maybe not a huge difference but I think she should do a bit more. Ruby and Weiss don't need much improvement, I think they are easily the most OP characters with their god like AoEs and specials."
76561198196734265,Recommended,418340,23982680,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Icy bets.gg,"If you are a big fan of the show you will most likely enjoy getting a closer look into it's universe and enjoy the button-smashing gameplay combined with a MOBA style level up system. However if you are looking for complex gameplay it might not be here. The game is the most fun if you have friends to play it with but if you are a lonely unsocial gamer like me then fear not my friends because it is possible to search in with randoms who have all been friendly for the 20 or so hours that I have played.The game feautures a few missions and team RWBY as the playable heroes at the moment but more heroes and missions will come with the games full release on July 5th. Each hero has a unique playstyle (Weiss n Ruby being my fav by far) and unique abilities that can only be unlocked by completeing their specific challanges. There is some story elements here and there and the 3D animated graphics keep true to it's source material so it helps keep the player emrged. Of course the game has a lot more to it than what is mentioned above but if you are looking for a game to change the gaming platform as we know it, you won't find it here however if you enjoy a fun and casual game in between the sweaty hours of competetive multiplayer matches this might be up your alley. It goes without saying that if you like the show you will probably like the game. The developers (Rooster Teeth Games) really seem to want to support the game and deliever quality to it's community just like Rooster Teeth so I feel no regret supporting them but that might be different for you.I highly recommend this game if you think that you are combat ready."
,Recommended,418340,19593743,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,"Dann, Chiken Dinner","This is good, as a fan of ruby I would like to play this gameProsGood for fanHitting feed back is not badAction desgin is awesomeConsNetwork is so poor, the net match system is not so well at this time.The skill is kind so lessCan not single play12/08/2015"
,Recommended,418340,21517319,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,"Ather Sparkle/""General Sparkles""","i love this game, even if it only has 4 levels and its style and details makes the game even better. the only down side is the lack of levels."
,Recommended,418340,19446872,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Crematrix,"Dislcaimer - I'm a RWBY fanboy so this will be quite biased (I want to like this game). I also am a game dev myself so yeah there actually will be critisism in here. ""I have a reputation to uphold"" - Weiss SchneeAs it is early acess you should be expecting bugs. So if you want a PERFECT game turn away now. It's bound to get better in the next 8-10 months though (at least i hope so).So lets get into it -Pros:- Doesn't take up much space on your computer (small file)- Maps are beautiful- The characters (team RWBY) so far look great- Controls are good- Fast paced gameplay- Easy to chain combos together- The health - contrary to what most people are saying, i think the health is a good idea.  Getting youself surrounded in this game gets you killed just as quickly as it would in the show. If you're a casual player... yeah go play something else. This game isn't even that hard.- OMG THE VOICE ACTING- AND THAT SOUND TRACK (I'm a sucker for a good sound track)Cons:- If you don't watch the show this is quite literally going to be a waste of your time and money.- When you are walking up or down hills the walking/running animation is frozen (you look like you stop moving and glide across the map)- The targeting system doesn't always work with you. You'll find yourself shooting at the wrong target and missing straight line skill shots.- Oh yeah, it's really repetitive.- Invisible walls... like lots of them.- Almost no customization. It'd be cool if there was a basic character and weapon creator as a feature but that'd probably create more than a few bugs in and of itself. It gets to me because I love OC's (original characters) in games like this one. The closest thing to customization in this game is the skill tree (which gets wiped clean everytime you start a new game).- All the characters pretty much feel the same. Melee, Skill, Shoot, Kill.- Same enemies every time.Conclusion:At the end of the day this game is faithful to the show and in my opinon has quite a few bugs. I DO NOT REGRET MY PURCHASE. I have faith that the game will improve quite a lot in the coming months and even if you aren't a die hard fan I'd recommend picking up this game."
,Recommended,418340,20096122,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Grandpa Shinya,"Pretty cool. I tell my team I always take the majority of the grimm horde and that is great. The gameplay though is smooth and a lot of action.Great job, Rooster Teeth"
,Not Recommended,418340,24432305,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,kylehusband120,"if this game had cost five dollars it would have been decent, however for the price that it was it is lacking in content and almost devoid of a story. i hope this is just due to this being thier first game. there is some fun to be had, however i had seen better games made in my high school game design class. also for those of you that havent bough this yet, yes team jnpr is a payed dlc and they all play the same as the existing roster."
,Not Recommended,418340,26122336,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,sheepssleep,♥♥♥♥♥♥ game not worth the money
,Not Recommended,418340,26015175,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Threxi0n,"I played the game a bit, then refunded it. The combat is simple (which is fine), but the rest of the game is also too simple. Aside from the grimm, every level feels about as dead as can be. Devil may cry had a similar formula, but also had much better combat, and made great efforts to actually make you feel attached to characters. Yes, I know DMC games also come with a $60 price tag on launch, but they're still worth it. This game does not feel worth the money in the slightest. Too few enemies, absolutely no dynamic interactions. This game is just a hollow shell of what it could have been, that just so happened to sell well simply because it's an official RWBY title. While I can't fault the devs for that, this game has no soul at all, and I'm pretty sure the devs also know that. Anyone with the ability to have an unbiased view will see that when they play this game too. Overall 4/10 game."
,Not Recommended,418340,26032902,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,╬ Ƭhe Ɲoob Кing ╬,1. Start making a hack&slash based on a web series2. Charge the early access (even though fun and replayable) cca. 20 euros2. Leave it undeveloped and unfinished3. Release DLC with charcters even though you haven't made a good skill set for the original ones in the first place4. Charge the DLC 5 euros5. ?????6. Profit
,Recommended,418340,26424983,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Zal the Demonic Horror,Pretty fun game despite being short and the androids being the bane of my existance its still not a bad game :3
76561197995667852,Not Recommended,418340,24436062,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Jarbis,Short and simple. Painfully simple. It encourages no mastery as the game is easy enough that button mashing will get you through most encounters with relative ease. The spirit of the show is only in the aesthetics as the story and dialog are neither inspired or interesting in their own right.
76561198327925889,Recommended,418340,26021510,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,TheRecessMaster101,"This is gonna be a lengthy review mainly focused on the new update/Team JNPR dlc so grab some popcorn and please excuse any spelling errors :D...Ok first i would like to get this off my chest.. OMG A RWBY GAME AAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!! ok now that thats outta the way time for calm cool and collectedness to insue: As a game its a great time waister and stress reliever, being a half casual half hardcore gamer myself, i really like the way this one turned out... Pros: 1, Its freaking RWBY 2, the character designs are decently made and semi true to the show 3, nice gameplay for a beat em up and 4, its FREAKING RWBY COME ON!!!! anywho cons: 1 the gameplay can be quite repetitive especaly for grinding Hunter Rank challenges (ive been doing 150 alpha creeps for rank to get rank 5 for almost 3 or 4 days now) 2, the voices are good that they are by the original actors/actresses but they cut through themseves or are just louder than they should be (i can hear nora half way across the map on some levels) 3, this ones more a complant than an acctuall con but i thought id throw it in because its a little personal to me and other players... Canceling, you've probably heard this one float around alot in recent days about people flying or useing ranged attacts really fast, its obviosly not hacking, its just timed button presses and a good rythme.. i was never good at high speed ranged attacks but i was good at flying with half of the characters (at the time before the update Weiss and Blake) see before this update came out i was talking with some of my friends and i debated seeing if we could take this game to an event called AGDQ (or the sister one SGDQ) for speed running because with some of the skips and tricks you can do like border hopping and wrong warps it could make for a very interesting Speedrun Route... but now that the flying has been patched out that is mostly not a posibility anymore.. call it nitpicking but this is what made this game really REALLY fun in my eyes.. granted its still a fun game by all means it is... but takeing that out was like takeing out and a piece of important gameplay that was really helpful in some cases...4 now just to keep it even my final con is the leveling for the characters, or more indevidually the upgrade points... see with the ammount of upgrade points you get (10) and the amount of upgrades you can get (some of them costing 2 points mind you) its kinda unfair... it does add for some strategy but its probably a few points to few for the amount/cost of upgrades there are... now i do have a solution that will not only allow for more upgrades but also give a little more incentive to hunter rank 10... what if at rank 5 you can get 2 rank points for each level and at rank 10 you get 2 for the first 5 levels and 3 for the last 5.. its a thought and i think it would be very helpful for getting specific key upgrades that are very usefull,, granted the biggest problem with that is that characters may become TOO op but i mean its a thought....JNPR:i have yet to use these characters as to the fact im really attatched to useing blake but from what i saw they seem to play very well and i hear alot of positivity about ren...from what i see the best to worst that ive seen on observation alone is Ren, Nora, Jaune, Pyrah.. i will post a seprate review after ive had time to use the movesets test the different upgrades and generally use all of the characters...HORDE:2 words: Awesome and Gamemode... i was only able to try it once but what i experienced was very enjoyable and challengeing... its a fun mode to play with alot of strategy and comunication required to be sucessful (i recomend skype or teamspeak) i can only imagine doing this solo... ohh boy..in conclusion this is a very good game and i HIGHLY recomend it to RWBY fans and Beat Em up fans.... ill give the game a 7/10 because of the minor complates/cons that i had and as for the JNPR characters i give that a 7.5/10 decent price for a fair ammount of content and they seem to play decently from what i saw... but everything has its little flaws here and there..Ideas:i only have one idea for a future update as of right now.... and im surpised this hasnt been addressed before....PVP/sparing matches...this would be freaking amazing. see you can do a few things with this, you can do turnement mode and random mode, random you can select your match type (team 4v4 doubles 2v2 and singles 1v1 like the vital fest) and fight with just a random matchturnament mode is kinda the same thing accept you start with team matches then the host of each team picks the doubles and the winners of the doubles select the single then you get a winneras for maps... oh this is only the easiest thing to decide ever (idk how easy it would be to program though) isnt it obvouse?:The Vital Festival Arena... i neednt explain why...anywho thats my review peace!Recess~~"
,Not Recommended,418340,26347990,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Blake Belladona,Came back after not playing for a month or two since i beat the game before any major updates and reworks were implemented and came back to find out team JNPR who i was looking forward to playing as is a dlc bundle that is 5$ no less when i payed 20 for the game that i dont feel is worth it. I mean i like RT and i love the show to death but the game is pretty boring.
,Not Recommended,418340,26120764,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Wingcero,Incomplete game cant even play 2 online matches with out disconnecting .....way to buggy to be call a launched game.
,Recommended,418340,26348441,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Coronaus,"So, I personally like this game even with all the hate its getting and its understandable. The campaign is relatively short with difficulty only really arising in the final boss fight where the mutant deathstalker can one shot you if you aren't careful and if you ramp the difficulty up pretty high. It's a pretty decent story as long as you know the characters. I would not recommend this game if you if you have just stumbled upon this game without prior knowledge of the show. Its fairly incomplete but I would definitely recommend getting the dlc for the 5 extra bucks. Its just a small increase but definitely makes the game more enjoyable due to the dlc characters being more fluid than the original 4. When it comes to controls, the game is much easier with a controller due to being able to combo easier. It makes it easier to use to few frames to counter enemy attacks which is basically the only way to survive when being swarmed. There are some exploits I've been able to use in the system such as constantly countering as Blake when there are a horde of beowolves in order to just evade all damage. Its a pretty mediocre game for fans with pretty good multiplayer if you have friends (which you don't) but it probably should be priced lower even with more progress being made on the game. I feel the price point is a little high but it's worth it for some pretty decent fun for fans of the franchise."
76561198066943605,Not Recommended,418340,25110481,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Extra Crispy,"As a wise man once said: ""You can't throw a kid into a sandbox and tell them [Hey! You can only make poopie castles!] you know how you take wet sand and let it drip on top of another pile of sand? It's a poopie castle...""Why would you give us such a visually stunning world (discarding the downgraded models) and not let a single point of exploration happen in it?So you start in a massive jungle with amazing scenery and then...go here, kill stuff, go there kill more stuff, go to that place and stop it from exploding, I know this is a hack and slash but come on, give us something interesting to explore and find! I wouldn't have minded it this much if we could actually do the stuff Ruby and gang can really do but those character models need serious upgrades before they are up to par with the scenery around them. Everybody will eventually figure out to either; A. run and spam ranged morning noon and night with Weiss until everyone's dead or frozen or B. Spam counter until everyone's deadThat's not how you hack and slash.PS. A final boss that tries to melee you when you're on the other end of the stage and is only hard because of the swarm of mobs around it, is not interesting, it's obnoxious."
76561198124552961,Not Recommended,418340,24148686,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Mittens,"While I did somewhat enjoy the game, it is not a complete game. There are lots of glaring problems stopping me from recommending it to anyone.Pros:-The enemies and zones look very nice. Especially the zone for the fifth and sixth chapters, and the final boss.-Get to play as Blake aka best main character.-Soundtrack is good.-Voice actors did a wonderful job.Cons:-Combat gets stale after just a couple of fights.-Each encounter is just a few waves of enemies. There is one mechanic introduced near the end of the game to help break the monotony, but it doesn't do too much to help after the first time dealing with it.-Seems like every fight can be broken by just spamming your ranged attack.-Weapon sounds and main character models were much better in a previous version of the game, if they would make an option to revert them back then that would be amazing.-Final boss is bugged. Follows the exact same attack pattern, and doesn't move at all while attacking. You just stand there and wait until it allows you to attack its weak point.-Very short. New players will be spending $25 for about a what... 3 to 4 hour campaign?-Characters are imbalanced. I'm not sure how Ruby and Yang are, but Weiss is much much weaker compared to Blake.-The storyline and dialogue aren't really that interesting."
,Recommended,418340,19448427,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,MurderMurder,"It's a pretty fun game, especially if you (like myself) are a RWBY fan. However there are currently quite a few issues / things that need to be improved upon. To list a few: more variation in combat would be nice, escpecially with ranged attacks (they are pretty weak and pretty much keep your character from moving while your are firing). There definately needs to be more balancing with player health vs damage done by enemies, and the special attacks bar needs to be easier to refill since it requires you to get combos to refill (which is very difficult to do later on, when you frequently become surrounded). There also needs to be more encouragement for working as a team and there needs to be more exploration allowed. I would also like to see more customization for your character, more indepth skill trees, and possibly more gamemodes."
,Recommended,418340,22810006,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Rαpнιel Aιɴѕworтн,"Hello my dear readers and my fellow friends, I am here to review this following game,Rwby.well to start off,i will give a few short detail on ""what is rwby?"".Well,rwby is basically a american animation/anime series that take part in a apocolyptic like world. This show contains 3 series,all of them are great.bla bla bla im not gonna be so detail.ok start with cons and prosPros:-~Very nice graphics.~I have a intel hd graphics family and it suports!~So fun playing it especially when theres complete 4 coop characters~killing those black beast is fun(i forgot its name Sorry!)~Ruby Rose is to stronk~A coop game.~I played it for like 5 minutes and yang started to make puns.~ruby is so hot(not a pedo or someshit)Well i guess im out of idea. Now CONSCONS:-~not that much chapters.(because the game is still in dev)~Really hard,i died like 90000 times per chapter~I tought yang loses her hand?~having abit issues on player latencyye i have no idea leftWell the game is quite facinating for me.-start off the game-game look fascinating-lag abit-start off in coop with friends-played as ruby-died from a minor beast-revived by yang-yang makes joke-game crashes9/11 would go through that again"
,Recommended,418340,19422546,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Das,"Great game, even in early access. Combat is fun, multiplayer is fun, well, everything is great about it.The game will need ironing out, but I have no doubt in my mind that Rooster Teeth will deliver. They always have.The game itself stays true to RWBY's quirky animations, but manages to pull it off in beautiful way. The game and the environment is gorgeous. Not to mention the soundtrack is glorious.Thanks Rooster Teeth!"
76561197979844829,Recommended,418340,19419934,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,AikiYun,"The game is essentially a short Dynasty Warrior style action with Team RWBY.Overall performance is very stable although FPS drops from 60 to 40 during large Grimm mobs.If the developers can continue to refine and add more episodic stories then this could be a huge hit.Still 7/10, no bun bun."
,Not Recommended,418340,24119703,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,♥Ma-Kyutie♥,"This game is pretty barebones in just about every aspect. Picture Dante from Devil May Cry and take away every single weapon but his sword and pistols. That's basically what every characer in this game feels like.It's fun for the first stage. Then during the second, you start to realize you're doing the same thing over and over.And get this, you can complete challenges, only to reset all your characer's progress to do even MORE challenges. Yay.Maybe that's a bit justified though, since there's not much to level up in the first place. Character customization is yet another barebones aspect of this game.TL;DR Nothing to do but push buttons.Oh, and you also have a counter that doesn't function as a counter."
,Not Recommended,418340,24019219,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Kõhai,"The characters do not look fit for the game enviroment, it looks like the enviroment designers and the character designers had two different approachesThe enemies all look like carbon copies of one another with no veriety, you can kill a boss without noticing as it looks like everything else but biggerThe game feels far from compleation and yet is being released next week."
,Not Recommended,418340,24283733,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,JCav,"I'm not a big anime fan. RWBY changed that.This game changed it back.Not really, but 2 friends and I beat the game in about 3 hours. There's little-to-no replay value unless you simply want to play a different character. The levels are incredibly linear, and the monsters have little variation between them. Offhand I can recount six different enemies through the entire game, and a boss.I really love the series, and it's at least somewhat nice to hear the various characters say their stuff, but it just doesn't cut it for a game which is asking $25. If you factor in that single run-through I did at 3 hours, this game is actually more expensive than minimum wage in terms of cost versus time.There is currently a graphical issue with the game and (at minimum) my resolution of 3440x1440. The main menu has five options, but only three of them are visible. The same problem exists for any ""settings"" screen, so I can't even see what resolution options I might be able to select instead. I should note that the game itself seems to render fine at 1440p.If they update the game, I'll consider revising my review. As it stands though, I'd sadly have to say it's only worth purchasing if it's on a substantial sale."
,Not Recommended,418340,26369897,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,BlackFilter,"I bought the game early access to support the development. The gameplay, UI and everything was so terrible back then. I waited months and months for updates and finally there are some changes in the game. I was finally started to play RWBY again after waiting for so long. I was so excited when they announce new playable character but I am so disapointed to see it as a DLC that I need to pay.I waited months for the game to improve and the improvement that I waited for is on the DLC that I have to pay again. I am fine with buying DLC for more in game content but why should I buy a DLC if you can not improve the core game itself? If you can improve the DLC characters, why not the core characters? They should update Team RWBY as well, balance them out, improve gameplay mechanics because the title of the game is RWBY not JNPR. If you can't do that then maybe change the title of the game to ""JNPR: Grimm Eclipse"" instead."
,Not Recommended,418340,25302554,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,μ-4,Sooooo...charging about twenty-five dollars or so for a game recognized by most of the FNDM as unfinished and adding PAID DLC FOR TEAM JNPR WTF ARE YOU MILKING RWBY OR SOMETHING DAMNBuy if on sale.
76561198075252604,Not Recommended,418340,26251889,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Here Comes SENPAI,"There is huge lack of diversity to gameplay, and the story is far from interesting or creative.  Not much to this game.  People who like this game are probably fans of the show, and willing to support the show through this purchase regardless of the content (or lack there of in this case)."
76561198001171439,Not Recommended,418340,24868644,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Torg,Repetitive. Characters are mostly the same and levels consist of kill X number of monsters over and over. No real story to speak of. Lack of splitscreen was another nail in the coffin. $25 for this is ridiculous.
,Not Recommended,418340,29243219,Posted: 14 January,all,Schzym,Gets pretty monotonous after 1 hourlike 5 enemy typesgame is easyair attacks make you ♥♥♥♥ing invincible
,Recommended,418340,30726687,Posted: 25 March,all,K2Shape,"Overall it is a decent game to me. Though the storyline and the character weren't as good as expected, mainly the overall gameplay was good.Combo/Chain combat system was quite sufficent, but still you have to figure out all of the chain/combo(s) by yourself since there is not tutorial about it, only online guides.Multiplayer is decent, since sticking together as a team works pretty aweomse, but most of the time people like to go their seperate ways and there is no penalty in doing so, and it works too.Controls were good, except for the ranged combat, its quite hard to shoot at the desired target.GameModes though only 2, its quite sufficent for me, since the Storymode can be quite long, and Horde mode is fun to play in on multiplayer. Though storymode can be improved by cutting down the distance needed to travel from point to point.The Enemies/AI was good, many people complained about blocking and having to wait to counter-attack, again, pretty much a lot of things they didn't figure out thats why. If you have figured out a lot of things on how to destroy blocks and cancel attacks, you would get what I meant.The key part is, you can never play the same level again in the same way.The leveling system as well as different characters offers variety of playstyle for that certain level. Hence? Unless you intentionally do it, you can never play a certain level again in the same playstyle as before.Mainly I find that bad review/comments come about from having no in-game tutorial to state the ways to play, etc. Hence having some players get misconception(s).Overall, if you are a person who- Don't mind repeating some stuff (levels)- Like to figure out things on your own- Like to constantly try out new thingsThen this game is just for you.Else, it would be a 50-50 chance that you would like this game.But if you are opposite of those, then don't buy this game."
76561198153352794,Not Recommended,418340,29195057,Posted: 11 January,all,Lumberjack_Lim,Just... do yourself a favor...NO.Just... no.
,Recommended,418340,19459877,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Lobstersaurus,"Ruby sounds so cute in this game, 10/10..."
,Recommended,418340,28858086,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Samus_Dude,"I'd give this game a 7/10.Pros:Responsive Action combat - The combat feels fluid with some nice basic combos, you can get out of tough situations with a well timed dodge and it rewards teamplay well with team attacks.Decent character models - The character models are exactly the same as the ones in the show so they have hours of design poured into them, the animations for the game fit with the animation style of the show and are pleasant to look at.Good voice acting - Similarly to the character models the voice acting is the same as the show and this bring little bits of life to the game.Variable skills trees - the skills trees although basic provide a variation of ways to play each character.Horde mode - Horde mode is great. It's a weird mash up of action combat, turret defence and zombies that is significantly better than the campaign. It provides a refreshing style of gameplay I don't think I've experienced anywhere else, however it could certainly be expanded upon.The rank system - This is both a pro and a con it, it adds a long term goal the game sorely needed, it resets your characters allowing you to progress again after reaching various requirements that get increasingly more challenging, like killing x amount of x or gettings x amount of revives.Good music and sound effects - The game sound is satisfying with each hit, and the background music is pretty decent.ConsThe campaign - The campaign is okay to play through once or twice, some levels are good for farming exp, but for the most part the pacing feels slow and the objectives fairly repetitive and boring. This could change in future updates if they decide to release harder campaigns with more bosses as more grimm are revealed in the show.The rank system - This is both a pro and a con, unfortunately: ranking up resets everything, this includes the campaign (meaning you have to start over from the first mission if you want to play solo) as well as all your progress towards any of you challenges which discourages you from going for any of the challenges because you'll loose them again pretty soon, counter mastery for example requires 300 counters which aren't used too often and the game will punish you later for going for it. Finally there's no significant reward for ranking up at all at the moment other than a different badge next to your name.Revives - One of the upgrades you can get increases the speed at which you revive people, after ranking up you'll loose the challenge requirement (of 5 revives) in order to get this quite significant speed increase. It is fairly difficult to revive people without it and if someone revives someone with the quick revive whilst you do the slow revive, they'll beat you and you wont get credit, this can make obtaining the challenge requirement quite difficult, especially seeing as it's an almost mandatory skill for multiplayer. They could fix this by rewarding players doing the slow revive if someone beats them too it anyway or just changing everyone to the fast speed and not having a skill for it, though I don't mind their being a skill to speed it up as it gives players who play risky an extra skill point.Skill trees - Although being well thought out for the skills they do have they feel small and unfilled out. I personally would like a second skill tree full of weaker passive effects that uses rank as a method of obtaining skill points, this would encourage more people to go further as well.Max number of players is 4 per game - This game could really benefit, especially in horde mode, of having 12 player options, this would create a team of players at each security node and would create a lot more options in how they could build each encounter and it would feel much more like a multiplayer game rather than one person split at each node, occasionally running to someone else and building a turret at their node to help out.Grimm - There's not really a lot of Grimm/monster models, not many have been released in the show so it's not really surprising but it leaves things fairly limitted.In my honest opinion this is a very satisfying action game to play, horde mode is great and has made this game recommendable, the story has been expanded and the introduction of new characters makes me feel like this game is now what I would consider a full game although admittedly you have to buy the new characters. The content is certainly still lacking in places, but what it does right it does right, it has the basics down and leaves me looking forward to where they could go in the future should they continue to update the game.For fans of the series it's in my opinion worth a try as it's one of the better games adapted from animation that I've come across."
76561198069099313,Recommended,418340,32906440,Posted: 27 June,all,Dengakuman,it's a pretty good game. just need friends to do much of anything else. still playable solo just hard.
,Recommended,418340,22832517,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,jakeharrington160,"really like this game, cant wait for more content though!!"
,Recommended,418340,19425564,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,chicasaur,"I bought this without hesitation, i love how they have a quality setting ""POTATO"" meaning minecraft pixel quality (low res) found that funny. Also, spawn should be at every enemy spawn so we don't have to go all the way from the beginning. Also, the fact that i'm level 2 and one slap from a bear takes all my energy that i spend my entire time hitting it once and running away to heal....i'm level 2. Can't play this without team members. But i love it, more rwby music while fighting enemies would be awesome. I can't wait to see what it turns out to be when it's finished. 8/10 potatos :)"
,Recommended,418340,26019327,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Panhead360,"Look, if you are contemplating buying this don't freak out at all the negative reviews.Recently they added a 5 dollar DLC. Something they have been transparent would be DLC. On top of this they added a free game mode.Everybody is butt hurt that there is DLC when the game isn't fully ""complete"" which is understandable. I just don't think it's fair that the recent reviews are all knee jerk reactions to the DLC being added.if you are a fan of RWBY, like hack n slash games with combos and stuff. Then this is a good game for you. DLC or no DLC."
,Recommended,418340,19420068,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,ÐÏRŤŸ MËLØÐY,"My laptop can't run this and it's still the best game i have, Neo/10 would throw laptop again"
76561198064476072,Not Recommended,418340,26503435,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,TheBath,"I feel like this game is going the way of Destiny.It's an enjoyable game, but cetain things that need to be changed, and thigns that were supposed to be content are now DLC. On top of that, those of us who purchased the game pre-release are getting nothing for helping push the game to full release, which it still doesnt seem to be at yet.If you want this game, definetely wait until it's on sale."
76561198068870347,Not Recommended,418340,25307299,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Cadis Etrama Di Raizel,"I really love rwby but this game is such a missed opportunity. Its a grind simulator with little combos and about an hour of game play to finish the whole story, which is just a few lines of random talking so there is no real story.All the characters have super overpowered ranged stuns and crowd control, ruby has massive AoE damage.Yang on the other hand is left out, I assume she is supposed to be high single target damage but at best its average and why play average single target damage when you can play high AoE damage with stuns.Oh and I would like to see the Semblances in the game, like they are in the show its like half of what makes the show its own unique thing and they have not even tried to put it in the game at this point so its very bland =/I got this game on sale for $10 if I had paid more then that I would feel super ripped off.Just found out any new characters are going to be dlc this game is overpriced enough.I doubt Monty would be happy with this at all :c"
,Recommended,418340,24265423,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Quzect,The game does get repettive i must agree with alot of people it can get boring fairly quickly if you guys want a good developed game that would make you spend alot of time in this game i wouldnt advise it but maybe in the future when they add more updates DLC maybe then it would be worth the pay but im a huge RWBY fan so i dont let that stop me from buying the game.
76561198053430868,Not Recommended,418340,24260678,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Sectaro,For me the game looks really rushed .The combat is really fast and the buttons are responsive . You can make some decent combos but I was expecting a little bit more .The models look good but I don't understand why did they change the old good looking models that attracted a lot of RWBY and non RWBY fan .The game is very repetitive you fight wave after wave of the same grimm  enemy almost every stage has only one new enemy to fight they could have put a little more work on making other grimm's than remaking the RWBY team model's from the ground up .The thing that got me really confuse is why does the game not have a lock on screen button . Most of Hack and Slash games have that option because is really confusing when you want to kill a grimm and camera moves all over the place when you are trying to be more flashy with my combos .In early access I would have recomended the game in a heart beat but now that it is full release or should I say rushed release and now it even cost's 25 euro's witch is not worth the purches . I only see these kind of rushed releases on AAA titles like EA and Ubisoft not small companies  .Do not buy this game for the full price wait for it to go on sale .
,Recommended,418340,22735125,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Kevs,"Clean amazing gameplay, same feel as the anime, was not disappointed one bit."
76561198053082052,Recommended,418340,28552627,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Thomsenator,"This game is a real treat for fans, but anyone expecting top-tier hack-and-slash action or deeply compelling original story or character content may be disappointed with the short, surface-level excursion provided by this game.Early release price points and lack of content were also a bit of a sting, but when you consider that this started as a one-man fan project and then became Rooster Teeth's first official game, it's easier to look past these first-timer flaws.And heck, as an obsessive fan of RWBY I will happily support the studio by purchasing and enjoying any and all current and future DLC.TL;DR: A short but moderately fun game for fans and the forgiving."
76561198112090427,Recommended,418340,26343525,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Spoopy Zynx,"A lot of reviews talk about the lack of variety in this game but I have to disagree... The campaigne can be completed fast and it is mainly just fighting waves of enemies BUT it's a lot of fun with friends, online and even alone. It can definitely be completed more than once (i mean c'mon i have 111 hours and counting, i've completed it a bunch). Team JNPR are awesome to play as, yes you have to pay for the DLC but it's a small amount and if you enjoy the show why not support the creators? It's not easy to make a game (and this one definitely has it's problems) but i'm perfectly happy with it currently. The horde mode has three maps to choose from and theres frickin' TURRETS!!! There's also all of the achievements you can try to unlock and a rank system too. Try to buy it while it's on sale! Happy hunting~"
,Recommended,418340,21348294,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,one poke bloke,7.8/10not true to canonyang still has 2 arms
,Not Recommended,418340,29152530,Posted: 9 January,all,George,I don't know why I expected a good video game out of a media company. It's like asking CNN to make a collectible card game.
,Not Recommended,418340,23206894,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Kiriy  | Pvpro.com,"im very sad to have to say i dont recommend the game. before the forever fall update my game would work decently. the framerate was good the quality was excelent. but even before the update there where issues. the keys to play are locked at a right handed setup which makes it difficult for left handed players to enjoy the game. keybinds should be free to change for different users. The camera, oh god the camera whenever i attacked it would have a stroke. in combat i was flailing wildly because all i could see was dirt. but here is the worst thing. after the forever fall update happened almost the day after i installed and played it for the first time. it wont even launch! it will not work whatsoever currently. i get the logo and ruby say ""Ohh yea"" and then it closes the game. and from everything i heard they completely ruined the character models from being like they literally took the models from the show to being about as high resolution as Mappy. I will change this review if the game ever gets fixed but so far i got a 1/2 of looking at dirt and mashing left click for $19.99 and wish i had waited instead of spending all my money."
,Recommended,418340,19687825,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Blastcalibur,"I understand its an early access game but there is alot problems1. soft crashes2. my progress got deleted3. the level resets to last checkpoint when host switches4. always online causes lagpersonal gripes1. needs single player, practice mode, and local co-op2. a queue so every online level has one of every member3. no shared EXP.4. explanation of abilities before unlocked5, ofcourse, more charactersAll in all its still a good game that extends the RWBY universe and has solid combat and in depth gameplay. not the best hack and slash I've ever played because of too simple controls but far from the worst and is worth playing; hopefully more so when in final form."
,Recommended,418340,21199347,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Night Druid,"RWBY: Grimm Eclipseis a 4 player co-op based, hack-n-slash game based upon Rooster Teeth’s international hit animated series RWBY.  It is currently in early access, so the game is still being developed.The game heavily relies on ""intense combat action"", like the Legend of Korra game.During your battles with the ""Grimm"" enemies across familiar locations from the show, you will encounter brand new areas that were specifically designed for the game.CharactersRuby, Weiss, Blake, and Yang all look exactly like the original show, with very miniscule changes to the models.The 3D anime-esq art style mimics the original shows art very nicely and at times, made me wonder if they were using the models made for the show.I'm a huge fan of the show, and the detail on the character models made me feel like I could have been watching an episode.Several locations from the world of RemnantWhile kicking♥♥♥♥♥as one of the iconic girls from ""Team RWBY"", the story will escort you through some areas that look both familiar and new to the series.The new stages / areas feel like they could easily be a part of an episode that was cut from the original show, with each individual stage having almost as much detail as I expected from a ""Brawler"" type game.StorySince the game is in early access, the story development is not yet complete, however, it does look promising.As far as licensed game stories go, the writing is some of the best of the ""Brawler"" genre.The writing heavily benefits from the minds behind Rooster Teeth and the original show, allowing the game to seamlessly fit into the RWBY universe as if it were yet another episode.During your adventure with team RWBY, you will encounter new enemy types and a brand new villain designed specifically for the game.While the new villain is interesting, the enemies fall prey to what I like to call ""I'm here and I'm evil, so you should stop me"" syndrome which is shared between most licensed games like the ""Legend of Korra"" game that launched earlier this year.I can't fully explain the story in depth, as it is still a work in progress.When the complete story is available, I will update the review with a more fleshed out story section.GameplayFour playable charactersWhile I'd personally like to see some of the other characters that have appeared in the show, you can currently only play as the 4 main protagonists from the RWBY series.Ruby, Weiss, Blake, and Yang feel distinct from each other and the animation is reasonably fluid with only a few animations looking a little bit odd.The character models are well detailed like the show, and retain the style of the original series.This is great, as most anime or CGI animated licensed games seem to forgo the detail that makes the characters so likable in favour of trying to justify a new villain for the game.MOBA-like levelling during gameplayDuring gameplay, your character will level up, granting you the ability to customize your character’s ""Loadout"" of attacks and skills.  While this is a welcome addition to the core gameplay, it feels a little too similar to the ""Legend of Korra"", DOTA 2, Rise of Incarnates and Heroes of the storm type of skill customization.Despite the similarities, the MOBA-esq skill system needs to be refined and some abilities need to have some incentive to use them.  I found myself using the same attack pattern over and over again until it was just an ingrained habit just as I did with the Korra game.Online Co-op MultiplayerWhile RWBY's co-op mode is fun with a friend, it can be easily ruined by huge lag spikes and some odd hit detection in some stages.  I'm sure Rooster Teeth will fix this teething problem, as they are patching the game on a reliable basis.  Whilst playing online co-op, I found that many players simply AFK'd for extended periods of time and did not contribute to the team.  In a game where teamwork is so crucial, it was very frustrating to find team members frequently MIA.   I'd like to see the developers address this issue, perhaps by creating an NPC or bot system when players AFK for an extended period so other team members aren't penalised.Verdict:While the game is in early access, I can't completely give the game a free pass.There are some big problems that Rooster Teeth need to fix, including awkward hit detection, bad enemy placement, dumb as a rock AI and above all else, they need to add a support AI for AFK team members.Overall, the game can be fun, challenging and interesting.However, I'd wait untill the game is a bit further through it's development pipeline before jumping on board.Score:6/10"
76561198044249126,Recommended,418340,19837273,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,AZjaguar,"I first learned of this game by ad in the RWBY TV series. The game is really fun and I spent hours getting all characters maxed out on their upgrades and tried each one to the fullest. My first impression for this beta version is well positive with a few things I do not like.Pros;Each character has their own uniqe feel. Each one is good at certain points and certain monsters.The game is really fast and the keys are well timed,( have a high end computer)The graphics remain similar to that of the show and the characters have the same persanalities.The skill tree for each one is simple to use and to focus on specializing in different fighting tactics.Landscape is well laid out and there are few locations that sends you down a different path different play throughs.Easily replayable even if you mastered all characters.Can start a new game or jump into one already in progress.Cons;Several players drops out a lot which causes slight caos till the difficulty is reset.A few small glitches and graphic bugs.Very straight foward and rare environment interactions.Only 4 characters.Very simple option menu no customizing hardly.Only 1 chapter at this point.No training season. Just throws you right into the fight.Story is somewhat flat at the moment with just a few talking here and there.When the host computer losses connection it sends the other players back a ways sometimes all the way back to the beggining.What I wish to see them add;Boxes also randomly drop special refill orbs similar to the XP orbs.Have more playable characters be able to unlock and played from the show.More environment interactionAble to have higher lvl attainmentMore skills for each characters.Have a key that brings up a quick order comand, ex; Help, Form up, Wait and so on so we do not have to chat it.New game menu have a toggle for random characters you have and a toggle for no repeat of characters. This way you form a team and not have 2-4 of the same character.A training chapter so new and old players can train and practice the different characters.Would love to see more of the songs from the show added into comabt and more frequent.Different game modes; teams, solo, time trial, competitionsLike to see an arena style game mode that lets players fight other players.A way to invite frinds to your new game start up.I have edited this since there are new updates to the game.Here are links to the changes and my thoughts.Patch #3 ThoughtsForever Fall update ReviewButter and Butter Patch Thoughts"
,Recommended,418340,19428343,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,One Week Notice,"I'll make this short. This is an amazing game. It has a lot ofpotentialand I will be updating this review as there are more updates to the game. I can't stress how amazing this game feels, but note it is like 5% done. I wouldnt even call it an alpha, I would call it a ploit, a pre-alpha, even a concept.POINT: If your fine with the fact that you are spending $17 on an pre-alpha that literally only has a bare bones structure, then buy this now.Seriously, it has nothing yet, no save progress, no loot, not a great combo system.The only thing it offers now is online co op and beating up certain grimm enemies.  Everything else is not fully developed yet, hence the early access.NOTE: Don't read the other review about the pro and cons about the game. They are judging a game that is in early access and not even close to completed.If you are not ok with buying a game that is not even close to being done, then dont buy this yet. Wait for it to get out of early access or at least wait for it to have a bit more elements to the game.If you made it this far in this review. Then honestly, this game is amazing and will be worth your money. It shows so much potential and I can not wait for it to get more updates."
76561198165765425,Recommended,418340,19938759,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Len- Looking to trade,SO. MUCH. FUN. YASSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!1
,Recommended,418340,21109790,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,FuzzyWasABearWhoHadNoHair,It's a very fun game and Yang is probably my favorite character haha love the boom fists.
76561198156782087,Recommended,418340,20944040,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,sweettiger1191,"I like the game so far.The only issues I have are the followingControls:What are the controlsWhat buttons do whatMaybe have a beginner course before handChat:Is there a way to chat with Mic rather then TypingCharacters:Blake- I had no idea if she was landing hits or notwas all over the place and mostly in the air.secondary move like shooting and all that, is it possible to make it so we can aim better with it. I like playing Blake but when I'm shooting with her it would be nice if I could move and shoot and aim with her.Ruby- I don't wanna bounce backward with her everytime I shoot.Weiss- didn't really like her specials would be cool if you added her ice dust attack where she sticks her reaper in the ground and ice comes up. Have to say Weiss is not my favorite to play with.Yang-  Haven't played Yang just yet.above all else I see lots of good things in the future for this game."
,Recommended,418340,19808306,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Erzsébet Báthory,High potential. Waiting for future updates.
76561198228812384,Recommended,418340,20763064,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,dragonssoul1,9/10 i have no bad points about this game challenging when solo  the only problem i have at the moment is the multiplayer should do one for solo instead of having team mates killing all the grimm to get exp while your still a low level other then experience hoggers this game is awesome also there are some good players and not tooting my own horn im one of them just dont like people interrupting me to get kills for exp when clearly they have enemies on their side of the screen while killing your lot just to get exp newbies or not.
76561198102319243,Recommended,418340,19491690,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Shadowstar,A very fun and enjoyable game that makes you feel like you are really in the show. Right now it has some technical issues (not much) but they will obviously be fixed over time. If you are a fan of the show and love hack and slash/beat em up kind of games then I highly recommend this game.
,Recommended,418340,19493768,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Zuyx,"I've never played any of the Dynasty warriors games or games like it. So I very much like this one. Given that this is an Alpha/Beta version of the game, I hope they expand on the playable characters (Please make Penny a playable character!!) and add a few more game types. Maybe even a tutorial section. Would also be cool for each person to have a little dance emote or even a button you can press to call out for help. All that being said, I love the game! Definitely recommened to all RWBY fans and to everyone looking for a fun game to play!"
,Recommended,418340,19497644,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Geeky.Gamer.Guy,"Okay so I have played this ""Early Access"" game for a while now and so feel I am now in a position to give a fair review. To strart of with, I recommend this game for 3 simple reasons:1) If you like RWBY, like I do, you will enjoy this game2) It's a decent price for Early access and shows a lot of promise3) Any game with a graphic setting of ""Potato"" really deserves some praise and attentionHowever... lets be realistic here people. Its not finished, not by a long shot. It is playable, it is fun and if you have 3 friends to play with, its a riot. You can play solo, but here is the thing, its not for that right now. Hopefully it will be down the line.What it is, simply put, is Space Martine Last Stand. You have different areas to get to and eventually you have to defend wave after wave of enemies. Each enemy gives XP and this gives you the ability to upgrade you characters capabilities. Each enemy is also worth points and so at the end of the mission/level you will have a chart saying how many points/kills you have and so you are placed in a leaderboard with the rest of your party. There are also MVP's for the waves.This is where the current fun lies because its about friendly competition - the game does have some flaws though. Like any ""Early Access"" game, you have glitches. Places where you freeze, get stuck, fall through a grate.. not many, but there are some.It is also currently short lived and a little too linear, so will get repetative. Combos will probably be introduced as currently the Level Cap is 10, but I don't see this being the final level you can obtain. I would also imagine, since there is scope for it, that the ""SHIPS"" will come into play for special combos that can be made with the viable partner when in range on larger enemies, as there still needs to be that ""Massive Boss Fight"" to be included.All in all, its a great game so far and a lot of fun.Plus seriously, Potato graphic setting, you gotta try it."
,Recommended,418340,19499606,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Raven,"Well, it's certainly started with a Yang"
76561198134448589,Recommended,418340,19510196,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,「StarPlatinumOverHeaven」Jotaro,"Lets see, where to start. the game is fun. Each character follows their move set from the show more or less. The characters sound a bit forced, but hopefully thatll be updated later.A few issues I had.EXP share. As Weiss, The AOE blast killed quite a few mobs that my team members were attacking. They got no EXP, so I had to really work at not immediately killing everything with it so the rest of the team got EXP, and it still didnt help much.Semblances. In the series, they all a special ability unique to them. Ruby's speed, Weiss' glyphs, Blake's shadow clone. and Yang's power increase when injured.Special points. I understand that the special attacks are powerful, but if you get hit in the middle of a combo, or stop, your special gauge resets. When you have a full team, and 75% of the mobs in the area are chasing you, you need your special attacks, But if you dont have any point, you wont get any because of how many mobs are on the field. It would be better with a slow recharge, plus having a button set to stand back and charge your meter or have attack help the meter but not get reset if you dont have enough mobs or are unlucky to be chased by almost every grimm.However, I already want to replay the story that is there a few more times. good replay value, and addictive already. Controls are easy to learn, and easy to use. I cant wait for the full version to be finish. I recommend this game because of the potential it has."
,Recommended,418340,19558962,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,❃Dragons✴Claw❃,"!WARNING!This game only has 3 missions at the time of this review which can be solo'd in a space of 20 minsTL;DR at the bottomThe core of the game mechanics are there. It really does feel like a Hack n' Slash just like Dynasty Warriors, except there isn't thousands of grimm to slaughter. You get to play as team RWBY, each has a basic attack, long range attack and 3 specials. The combat is smooth except for the long range attacks and specials, with thes you can end up shooting the ground instead of hitting the grimm rying to eat you. I believe some sort of lock-on mechanic would be able to fix this.The upgrade system is.....well functional. You need to do earn certain achievements to unlock certain skills and bonuses that increases your special damage, your aura(HP), aura recharge rate and special bar(used to activate specials). But due to the current short nature of the game, you'll only be able to get a small amount of these upgrades (I managed lvl 10 by the end of the 3rd mission).The game features a fluid difficulty, the more players, the harder it is. Soloing it is childs play while a full party of 4 people is still childs play. I feel the game is lacking difficulty, I find it that the presence of the grimm is not menancing enough and really easy to clear out, soloing or in a full party.The glismp of the story we get  is interesting which adds a little bit more lore to the RWBY universe and does not require the show to understand it (would be helpful to get to know the characters). Would like to see how the full story plays out.Graphics wise, would be similar to a JRPG, and has 3 settings, Potato ( can't believe this was actually a setting), Normal and Ultra. I also find no difference between Normal and Ultra. There's multiple  resolution options to chose from.I do find people are disconnecting a lot in parties, which the hosts are usuaslly are blamed, but I find it unlikely that every host has bad connection. So the server seems to need some tweaking for proper multi-player experience.TL;DRBare bones of the game, fighting mechanics are there, barely any story. Only recommend if you're a massive fan of the show and want to support this game production."
,Recommended,418340,19486703,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Eadlyn June,Now I'm going to say this right now. I'm bias. Super bias. Now...I lOVE THIS GAME!
,Recommended,418340,19491781,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Matoi,"Fun game, a few bugs but they aren't too bad.Pros:Graphics are niceFighting is funConsFighting CAN get repetive, but RT is working on thatThat VAWould I reccomend: Yes! But wait until it's full release"
76561198082801734,Recommended,418340,19542911,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Okieninja,"I think this is a great game with alot of promise, and I'm a huge RWBY fan so its the best of both worlds. Now in saying that the only things Im gonna critize about is if you're using subtitles it doesnt change to the next bit of dialogue once it reaches the end of whats on the screen. Also if anyone sees this you should think of adding background music into it as well. Background music especially in Hack'n'slash just makes the overall experience better. Oh yeah not to important but include something that shows what buttons do what..if its on there and I didn't see it my bad. but it took me a couple to figure out I could sprint by holding L1 down, its nothing major but might help."
,Recommended,418340,19499261,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Soup & Welpo,I can play on my POTATO !!11/10 Naked banana !!!
,Recommended,418340,19631114,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Takoyaki™,"8.3/10- Need more characters- Ruby is love but Weiss is life here- Host disconnecting and the game starts again from the last checkpoint- Sometimes there are a lot of people playing, sometimes there are few- Ruby is awesome but Weiss is more awesome in this game- Ruby is cool BUT WEISS IS THE BLOODY CROWD CONTROL- I want to use Ruby but WEISS IS BETTER IN THIS GAME- Ruby- RWBYTHE BOMB PART IS SO BLOODY INTENSE, 1 SECOND LEFT AND WE GOT 100% PROGRESS YEAH TAKE THAT GRIMMS!"
76561198108261819,Recommended,418340,19500462,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Rustin,"awesome game, love RWBY in generalcan't wait for it to be finishedwould love to play Mountain Glenn but it keeps crashing when i walk up a hill at the begining of the levelI hope the next patch fixes that problem"
,Recommended,418340,19510430,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Destronics Senpai,"Okay, before i continue, I would like to express that this game is in EARLY ACCESS. Which means, the buyer knows that the game in not a finished product. Also, as a fan on the RWBY franchise, I can say that i am biassed to alot of what i am saying, now that thats out of the way, lets begin.RWBY: Grimm Eclipse is an exrodinary game for the studio that is making it, which has a handfull of people involved. Of course its not going to be perfect, and are we going to see regular updates every week or so? No. But that doesnt matter, the game lets you play however long you like beating up enemies, enjoyment playing the characters you have grown to know and love.I agree with a lot of the negative reviews too, i believe that the story is off and not neccisary at this point in development, I also believe that the soundtrack of the game isn't what it could be even in early access. There are countless flaws with the game. But the combat with each character looks visually pleasing and Yes the abilities are kind of a bust, but this is the first integrationg of the game, nothing can come of it if We the community dont provide feedback.Are there problems with the game? Yes. No early access game is ever perfect, hence the name early access. But instead of looking at the negative, look at the positive for the game. what the future holds for this game. RooserTeeth Games can;t make this game on their own, thats why we the fans of the franchise RWBY Have to step forward. The price tag inst much at all, 15 dollars for a game like this, good enough for me. But that $15.00 is a good chunck of money to go towards funding the studio. Even if you are going to play the game for 10 minutes, contributing to the studio helps bring more content to your pocket.Do I like this game? Yes of course.Am i excited for all the things to come? ObviouslyDo I have tons of Input to inspire the studio to fix and or impliment? You bet, I can't wait for RWBy: Grimm Eclipse to become the best hack n slash of this generation.Do I reccomend you buy the game? Personally i do, without the funding, this game will just rot away. If you have $15.00 to spare, why not, its a fun 4 player expreience you can play with your friends for an hour or two, hell, explore the map as much as you can, try to get out of the map and explore. Beat enemies up with the awesome combat, and most importantly, show that you truely see this game going forward, Prove the people that this game has so much potential. But again, they cant do anything without crowd funding, and this is one of the best ways to do it."
76561198068399703,Recommended,418340,19555403,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Fixable,Game basis is excellent and has lots of potential.Combat is fluid and is a great co-op experience. The game is in early access so perfection is a long ways to go. If you're a Hardcore RWBY fan or just really like it then buy it but if not then wait until the game gets updated a little. Only thing that i'm currently disappointed on is the fact that Blake isn't voiced by Arryn (The original voice actress) as i'm a little bit confused as to why they couldn't get her to record lines when she is still in the new season. Her current voice in the game is a little bit off putting  and hopefully will get will get replaced with the original  in a future update
,Recommended,418340,19556094,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Bez Kitsune,"it's so fun to play, cant wai for further dev 9/10"
,Recommended,418340,19625582,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Gregster-7,"If you like RWBY (the show) and you like beat 'em ups, you will probably like this (it's basically a love letter to fans).  If you have no idea what RWBY is, go to YouTube, look up ""RWBY Season 1 Episode 1 : Ruby Rose"" and start watchingright now.Remember Haloid? Dead Fantasy? Red vs. Blue? The creator(s) of all three of those are behind this series.  It basically runs on the TV Trope ""Rule of Cool.""  (Yeah, you're now going to spend the rest of your day on TV Tropes.  You're welcome.)Visuals and Sound:Holy crap they're actually using the character models from the show itself and the real voice actors but they need more lines and *squeeeeeeee*Gameplay: ""FUN BUT BUGGY.""  To be expected from a title which has literally been in Early Access for less than two weeks as of this writing.  That being said I'd be remiss in not critiquing this, as that's the point of Early Access -- feedback.* Lots of invisible walls are frustrating, especially when it's not immediately apparent why you can jump off one ledge, but not off of another ledge which visually looks exactly the same.  @Devs: If you're going to do this, please add some visual aid like a fence to explain why we can't jump off something.  Current invisible wall placements feel arbitrary, especially in The Emerald Forest.* Left-click combos tend to automatically go into the air after the first couple of clicks, which can be annoying if you intentionally do not want to go into the air and want to stay on the ground and keep slashing.  @Devs: Need more control over combo attack directions.  I mean I wasn't going into this expecting a Metal Gear Rising: Revengeance level of combat complexity but you may want to look at that game for ideas!* Aiming gun modes (right click) is frustrating as you have seemingly little to no control over where you're aiming and have to have faith in ye gods of autoaim to hit the right target.  Devs: Please, please look at Dark Souls and Metal Gear Rising and Phantasy Star Online for examples on how to do auto-lock-on targeting well.As this is an Early Access title, this review will be updated after my next RWBY:GE session (especially with the next version).If you read through all this, please leave a comment! :)"
,Recommended,418340,19682090,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,✪ PuyoZ :),"Two words: Fantastic game.Even if it´s in the Alpha, the game is good and I am looking forward to the future patches.You will like the game even if you aren´t a fan of RWBY!"
76561198147627549,Recommended,418340,19557637,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,penapsquat the sqatty penap,it is a pretty good look at the base of the game and there are many thing that need to be changed but it looks preety good so far
,Recommended,418340,19493113,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Kyulna,"Level 1: Ooooh, this looks pretty.Level 2: Huh, this is pretty fun...Level 3: BOOM! HEADSHOT! Oh wait....Level 4: Oh whoops, probably shouldn't have charged into that.Level 5: BRUHHHHHHH HELP ME REVIVEEEEELevel 6: Oh. Okay....he one-shot me.....not a problem.Level 7: WTF HOW DID HE GET MELevel 8: OMG THERE'S 4 OF THEMLevel 9: ....I can't even...Level 10: *A player disconnected*New gameLevel 1: Ooooh this looks pretty...10/10"
76561198042416487,Recommended,418340,20267002,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,diehard955,my review of the game with about 40hrs playtime but this review is of its current state 1/3/2016also my first riview cus i really like the game.1. prosif you like hackandslash games and or rwby it should be fun for you. the challenges for unlocking skills does take time depending on skill level coop help ex. but it is a fun and difficult thing to get them all. so this helps aid its aready good replayability though mind u it is in early access and is only 15$ but in my opion you defianatly will get every bit of it especialy if your a rwby fan.2.cons.there is about an hour of gametime for the campain and looks very alpaish meaning its just in a playable state and feels like it. there are a lot of little bugs but none gamebreakeing or anything to completly turn you away from it. some being character abiltys haveing no targeting system. As well as some maps have some glitchy spots.next the character roster is very small being theres only 4 heroines to play as ruby wiess blake and yang.please again keep in mind its early access and i think the deves are really looking at good feedback to make the game awsome. becouse remember those percusing early access are buying a promis not afull game but this promis seems to be a fun one. I hope if u decide to buy which i recommend this game for u hackslash rwby fans that you will be giveing them feed back to make all our gameing exp awsome.thank you for reading i hope this helps you decide to buy or not buy.
76561198177054378,Recommended,418340,20270308,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Seras Victoria,"Very nice thought out game and very nice to play. Needs some more levels as well as achievements, but is a game I would recommend to anyone wanting a fun hack and slash game.[Edit] Love the new controls scheme, with the heavy attacks, different ranged attacks after a set of three, and the whole countering system, but not so keen on the new camera control. Seems to lag a bit, setting the camera ahead of my camera, and seems to affect the camera rotation. But still a great game. Keeps getting better with each update. Hope they fix the camera soon."
76561198075790185,Recommended,418340,20517058,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,CornhubAndChill,Can't wait till this game is fully released! Its going to be awesome!!
,Recommended,418340,20113043,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Hentai Is My Life :P,"well all 4 character seem not bad to combo and skill, still got some bug but it is ok seem it is early access for some test.Can't wait full release on it to play it again~"
76561198119624468,Recommended,418340,20498113,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Castor The Star,This game is amazing. and sure there are a few issues here and there but it's early accsess so that's expected
,Recommended,418340,20514054,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Top Jasper,*EXPLOSION NOISE'S*Ruby's adorable attitudeYang's bad puns12/10 Pony'sLike to see more characters doe
,Recommended,418340,20132329,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,FriendlyNonMurderingSort,"Super fun especially if you watch the show (I dont know why you would got the game if you don't but...)! The game runs nicely i haven't seen any errors (yet...),but the one thing that annoys me the most is when the host disconects everyone has to start at the begoing of the level,but other then that it looks good! The hidden artifacts are a cool touch and a good way to get experience. The only thing i would like is more missions, more characters, and more of a skill tree, I can't complane though because this game is still in early access and this may come in the future (most likely it will)! Totally worth 15$, i've played through the mission about 8 times now trying to unlock all the abilities and i still have fun every time! This game is really good especially for early access!"
,Recommended,418340,20173008,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Ozma,Played as a team of 4 blakes11/10 would shear againEdit: Found out you can fall off the map100/10
76561198013453773,Recommended,418340,20228944,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Sinon,"Being a fan of the RWBY-series I was all hyped when I found out it would get its own game on Steam.It didn't help with the trailer of the game, which made me look almost every day for updates about Early Access!Finally it came out and I didn't even care about the costs, I just wanted the bloody game. And I was not disappointed. Being in Early Access stage I figured it would lack a lot of content and have several flaws, but just the little that was already done made me quickly recommend it to others. I love playing as Ruby, especially since she's my favorite character. Even more do I love to see places that I recognize and figuring out ways to handle challenging enemies like the bearlike Grimm (it's probably the deadliest one since I just can't interrupt its attacks).The characters in this game varies in difficulty, which again varies from player to player. I've heard others say that Blake and Weiss are easy to handle, while Yang and Ruby are harder, while I have the opposite opinion. The skill-tree for each character is nice as it gives each player the opportunity to play in their styles. An example is for instance that I love the Crescentos-ability as it hits everyone around me and I'm quite good at entering a massive horde, activate Crescentos and then get some distance between me and the remaining Grimm, just to repeat it until a few are left standing, easy to take out.What I miss is more ways to play the game. Currently it's pretty much straight forward and gets boring over time. And treasures and XP-boosts are always in the same places, meaning you can't get much excitement of ""treasure hunting"" and try to find the stuff before your companions, as everyone who's found the stuff before knows pretty much where it is.As the game is still under development, one cannot really complain about the lack of content, only about the quality of the existing content. This is why I feel it is wrong to say that this game gets boring because it is short and repeatively. However I do hope that this game will give the player more variety in the future, perhaps even several game modes like participation in the Vytal Festival, missions with a separate team (like JNPR) and perhaps a social platform where one can explore the cities and do other stuff peacefully (or violently if you're of that type. Though I doubt it will happen in this game, it would be fun if people could create their own characters and form their own teams one day, for instance in a ranked contest or something.Now enough of my crazy ideas, in overall I would give this a 7/10 as it still needs to work on some things to be one of the more ""perfect"" games."
76561198044218344,Recommended,418340,20254005,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Marchu,"Really awesome what the Roosterteeth guys are doing and so far loving the early build of the game. Although it isn't perfect and there are definite improvements that can be made, the potential is through the roof for this game. Initially I got a very bayonetta and KH vibe from the game just from the overall feel too it. It stays true to the hack and slash genre and incorporates a relatively basic attack system. The combat consists of 3 specials, a basic meele attack, and a ranged attack. In the future I hope to see a more combo oriented combat style with the requirements of being able to weave all three together. Another thing they NEED to add is a quicker way to level each special attack. A huge annoyance during my gameplay experience was being unable to level abilities without risking being KO'd. Another thing I would like to touch on with the combat is the grimm. I liked the mix of grimm chosen, each provided a different combat style you needed to recognize and adapt too. However it seemed to easy to dodge each Grimm's special moves, more noticably the Borbatusk and the Ursa. All you would need to do is stop attacking and press SHIFT (dodge) when the Grimm would flash white. In the future adding more difficult timing and a multitude of attacks for each Grimm would keep players on their toes and actually punish them for making mistakes. My final critique on the combat is the lack of teamwork needed to play this game. Although I don't expect it yet from such an early build, the addition of team attacks and combos would not only stay true to the show but make the overall experience more submersive. Currently it boils down to who can secure kills and steal the most XP possible. The leveling system is also very strange. I would personally like them to take a skill tree route rather than the MOBA like leveling they have chosen. It feels extremely akward and doesn't seem to work in a 4 campaign game. Overall the game needs work but for being such an early build the potential for it is extremely exciting! I recommend to buy the game only if you are a fan of Roosterteeth and RWBY. If not then I would wait until more changes and updates are added to help create a full experience. Overall I give it a 6/10 for an early access but the potential is through the roof."
,Recommended,418340,20027357,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Fairy Tail Dragon Slayer,"Great game, great gaming mechanics. It might start out slow, but it really does speed up the further you get into the game.Only gripe I have is the low number of characters you are able to select, but it isn't a deal breaker. It only makes me look forward to when, and if, there will be more characters added."
,Recommended,418340,20183139,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,⚕shadow⚕,its a really good and fun game for multiplayer c:
,Recommended,418340,20115984,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Siilph,needs more nora to break their legs9.9/10
,Recommended,418340,20117194,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,BlakeBellatuna,Defnite buy for any RWBY fan.
76561198042028995,Recommended,418340,20018281,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,aleckai,"Super fun game. My sis and I played and we like it a lot. Feels a bit unfinished, like there could be more to it in the final release. A couple of suggestions:-Integrate combos that interact with other players... everyone feels a bit secluded at the moment. So it would be great to pull off team combos.-The higher the combo, the better XP drops from enemies.-Nerf Yang, just a bit, she's too strong for sure.-only allow 1 of each Character so the RWBY team is complete each game, and we don't get stuck with 3 Yangs.-Key Remapping... PLEASEThat's it for now. Great game so far!! Good Job Guys!!!"
,Recommended,418340,20115634,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Smitty Ryker,"RWBY Grim Eclipse IS THE gaem based on the series RWBY by roostertootho,  a hack&slash Co-op action anime game where you play as Ruby, Weiss,Blake or Yang,All i know of the story is that The horribul grim has come to wolrd and then you go and kill them all.RWBY is a hack&slash Co-op action anime game, where you kill grim and complete objectives given by some old guy and later some nerd.the game's difficulty rises as new enemies are introduced, but most of their moves are easy to learn and pown their asses.Also the more players there are the harder it is to beat the enemies as the difficulty is adjusted.The maps are pretty linear, with a few parts leading to an artifact or some boxes that contain experience so finding the artifacts doesn't require much effort.Gameplay MechanicsGameplay is fast, not too complex, and easy to master.Smash the attack button, shoot your gun or magic, execute special moves, dodge. GG, killing enemies grants you special bars that are required to execute special moves, depending on theirlevel they require different amount, for example fully upgraded aoe attack requires two bars of special, you level up yourcharacter and can distribute points to upgrade your stats, aura or abilites.Enemies have red dots and glow white when they are about to execute an attack move, so you know when to dodge, some enemies only have the red dots over their head when attacking.Dodging itself works well, if you just blindly dodge all the time you will get hit, so timing is required.Graphics. the layout in the world could be better, but overall the game looks beautiful.For some reason i get fps drops at 1080p, even though i have beast pc, dont know why maybe it's just server lagSome bugs/annoyancesSometimes when you do an aoe attack the enemies are not affected, and they just stand there like nothing happened.you cant hit enemies that are starting or in middle of an attack move, same goes with if you are doing a special attack, then you cannot be hit, this canbe seen when charging an aoe attack.Running is slow but there is sprinting in the game, it's on the dodge button so you dodge and keep holding the button to sprint.Animations look a bit too fast on some moves, like Yang jumping and shooting, looks like shes shooting from between her legs. The running animation gets stuckfor a little while but then continues normally, other than that i dont understand what people are complaining how the animations are really horrible, to me most of themlook smooth, considering its early access,♥♥♥♥♥♥like this should in my opinion be forgiven.In some places You can rotate the camera and see inside the world and even go inside the world. 	the world the world inside the wolrrldlsdlsdl insde the world the inside world wordl the sindetieteSometimes theres just so many enemies following you that it is difficult to start killing them, and with no special you just have to dash in there and somehow get a few killsor hope that someone saves your♥♥♥♥♥Controls.Controller works very well, and the camera is easy to control , and i had no issues at with it.only sometimes dodging didn't work, but i might have not been pushing the button agressively enough.ReplaybilityThe other characters.. nothing else really.There are some ablities that require you to have 300 kills to get some better upgrade for itand the kill counts does stay on characters you have  already played withif you played the game alone then you can have quick fun with your friendsSoundI found the music to be very good, no clipping and it is not distracting, and during a boss fight badass metal starts playingthe health regen sound i found to be too bassy, like the constant WOOOOM sound when losing health because of a hard situation, does get annoying.The voice acting is good, sometimes it does feel a bit forced.., YAY we win partCinematics,,There are only two cinematic sections currently in the game and they play out smoothly, just the fire effect in the explosion is cheap.PriceCurrently the game costs 15buks or 15 euro's, For an early access game with barely an hour of content, that is alot.. unless you are like me and like to playwith all the characters, enjoy this kind of Hack and slash games then you got almost 4 hours, of fun so it's not a bad price, who knows if the price goes up, after more content is releasedand how many anime kawaii gurl hack & slash games are there on pc anyway?So i say its a good purchase, there is alot of potential for this game and i hope they make it a great baddassss♥♥♥♥♥♥♥cos this is just the kind of game i've been waiting for, for years.The Pro's, the cons and the ScoringPro'sFastpaced gameplay4 charaters, (Anime gurls)Easy controlssomewhat challenging but not too difficult, or too easy.Easy learning curve, if any.Consshort for now, Barely 1 hour of gameplay with 1 character playthrough.15 bucksannoying bugsNow for some scoringScoringGameplay 9/10Graphics 9/10Animations 6/10controls 8/10Soundtrack 8/10Replayability 7/10Overall score 7.8 Good Game!"
,Recommended,418340,20248561,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,NEMECHU,"I was originally pushed to buy the game cause a bunch of my friends had it, but it was definitely worth the buy! I really love the way the game has been designed. Hope that as the game gets more content more characters will be unlocked as well!"
76561198135914582,Recommended,418340,20591908,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Yiome,Haven't played multiplayer yet. But the combat feels great! Fully playable despite in early access and a must get for rwby fans.
,Recommended,418340,20056304,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Jmanp,"Great game, good gaphics 10/10 would play all day :3"
76561198069461984,Recommended,418340,20094209,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,The Gay Agenda,"This game is a great multiplayer, allowing you to cooperate with your team mates, no matter the number. Whether you've got only one other party member or a full team, the game makes for a great time had by all. It's both fun and diverse in the way of customizable move sets, as well as difficult in unlocking certain challenges. Not to hard and not to easy, this game is a great balance of diificulty and interest, allowing you to plaay multiple campaigns without boredom. 10/10 would play again."
76561198078391770,Recommended,418340,19480556,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,ThePeng,Easy and fun to play beat em up. Hoping to see more characters like JNPR !
76561198065747016,Recommended,418340,19484736,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,adamTDA,Fun game and alot of stuff for early access. Yea thats about it.....Why are u still here reading♥♥♥♥♥♥go play this game already.
,Recommended,418340,19491374,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Jazz,Hey! Nice game..... um OK imma be honest I just wanted a review that said early access...... um yea..
,Recommended,418340,19426707,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,AFarCryAway,"In SHORT: This is a very fun beat-em-up styled 4 player co-op game! There is a TON of potential here and seeing as the game is in early access, the community will hopefully have their issues with the game addressed and fixed! If you are a fan of the show and always wanted to play out one of the many fight scenes, this is the closest you can get! If you are not a fan of the show, you can still enjoy this game, but the mechanics are SIMPLE. If you wanted a deep combo system, it will not be found in this game (yet). However, the different fighting styles and abilities of each member of the RWBY team make each playthrough interesting enough to hold your attention.  As the game is in Early Access, there is only ONE campaign that can last about 30-45 minutes, depending on the quality of cooperation between yourself and your online partners. The fact is, the game right now is 15$. There is not a lot of content as of release and therefore I cannot say that this game is worth the money as of now. But, if you are a MEGA fan and do not mind waiting patiently for updates to the Early Access version of the game, buy it now!"
,Recommended,418340,19445360,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,basement god,If you're a fan of RWBY and you enjoy hack and slash games! Why not right? ;D
76561198138873795,Recommended,418340,19450300,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Midgetoes,Really good game (what i have played so far). But just a few problems i am not sure if it is like this on purpose or how it is made but there is no solo mode nor is there a way to save your progress (to my knowledge) I would like to know how to save as i got to level 6 and a few skills and then went back on it and it was all gone. The only way to play on your own is to go into a private/friends and start with no one in it but yourself.
,Recommended,418340,19489737,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,DevilishPrincess,I LOVE THIS GAME!!!!! <3
,Recommended,418340,19567700,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,VictorSeven,"This game is beyond amazing. Starting out as a fan game, the main dev was contacted by Monty Oum less than 24 hours after launch, and it ended up being picked up by RoosterTeeth as an official game. And they have done a fantastic job. If you have any questions, I stream this game regularly atwww.twitch.tv/victorsevengamesand I would be happy to answer them.Controls are tight. Movement neither feels too heavy nor too slidey and floaty. Combat is insanely fast. Think Devil May Cry on crack in a slightly Dynasty Warriors setting and X/Y combo relationship. Currently available are the four members of Team RWBY, each sporting their own strengths and weaknesses, and distinct play style.The game feels a bit more like a demo than anything, showcasing the first four levels of the game, no story beyond Professor Port and Dr. Oobleck narrating your objectives. The levels include multiple sections which feel like Warframe style missions, from Exterminate sections to Defense sections before flowing to the next section.All in all, one complete run through the current version of the game takes around an hour or so depending on how you play it. Even so, I still say it is well worth the $15, and a must-buy for any RWBY fan. Featuring all of the original voice actors (except Blake, whose actress hadn't recorded her lines yet at the time of release), there is some banter and funny quips during combat and certain sections of the game that make you smile in reminiscence of the show.I have bought 7 copies of this game so far for friends, and still have 2 left for giveaways because I KNOW whoever wins them will love this game. Rock on, RoosterTeeth. And thank you, Mr. Jordan Scott for starting this project."
,Recommended,418340,19433468,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Cordelia,Alright ~ so its got a few bugs sure the walking animations don't always work on ledges and the back ground likes to change its mind on render distince settings while your holding still....However bethesda releases full games with the same issuesso buy it now for a low price and enjoy it while it develops learn it as it grows and have fun along the wayits only a couple levels but the skill trees for all 4 charactors a vastly diffrent in play style and rollbarely scratched the edges playing with my friends for one night and i'v already finished 2 charactors and am working on the thirdif you like any of the Warriors or Sengoku Basura games you'll find a nice home in thisi know this isn't a perfict review but i hope it helps some oneits alot of fun and its worth $15 to be apart of watching it grow ~
,Recommended,418340,19505369,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Zero Forland,"I love the game will recommend it to anyone looking for a good game to play with friends. The only problem I found was that since you can't lock on to enemies  a lot of the attacks miss and the bullets (Ruby, Blake, and Yang) and magic (Weiss) are hard to hit the targets so, you are just blind firing until you hit something. Still an amazing game through and through.~Zero"
76561198038830158,Recommended,418340,19421615,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,rommel175607,"DEAR GOD DO I ENJOY THIS. Mostlypros+ Great feel with gamepad (recomended)+ Charachters seems true to the show+ WEISS=BEAST AOE+ Graphics just feel right+ 4 players and this game gets hectic, but doesn't get unmanagable+ SO MUCH LOVE WENT INTO THIS, and it just bleeds off of everything+ The special system is okay. GREAT for a start, but it's limits are apparent (still good, just need to say that)before you read, i know the game is still getting worked on, I'm aware fixes will come.this is day one, launch problemscons- Sound mixing is♥♥♥♥♥♥ too often are characters talking and nothing can be heard because the SFX- NO SFX VOLUME SLIDER!! WTF?- skills are too simplistic, 3 per character and passive increases (health shield recharge, the likes)- lvl 10 skill is impossible to get. i got it after being wave MVP all but 5 rounds of the Emerald forest CAMPAIGN, and got the skill as the final seconds ticked away. I DON""T EVEN KNOW WHAT IT DOES!!-it tends to bog down if you aren't running with 4 characters....makes me sadI absolutly adore this game, and i want it to succeed so badly, and it already has a massively good starting point. This game came out of the gates swinging and got few great hits."
76561198134715701,Recommended,418340,19430210,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Siha Rakhet,"I loved the anime and the game, for the first days release, is still AMAZING! I look forward to future releases. I didn't find many bugs  or problems. The one huge thing I would like to point out would be that the sound effects need a volume change as well. Along with, it sometimes it sounded like the voices were under another sound volume? I could barely hear the voices and I had to use my computers volume to lower it and it was still a bit too loud. Also, when walking sometimes the footsteps didn't land right and it kinda just skipped along? And when running down a hill it made a falling motion sometimes.But this game is so much fun!"
76561198072628796,Recommended,418340,19429918,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Master Trash Panda,"RWBY has been a huge impact on my life and I was so stoked for this games release. When it was suddenly released today i rushed home and boought it. After an hour of playtime I can honestly say I haven't had this much fun with a game in a long time. I've had more fun in an hour of RWBY Grimm Eclipse than i have had in 42 hours of Fallout 4. Even if you're not a fan of the RWBY franchise this game has a lot of fun hack and slash gameplay. Also so far I haven't had any game breaking bugs eaither. Only Minor nitpicky things. Overall it's a fun game, especially with friends"
76561198032872122,Recommended,418340,19430499,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,ZD-2409-2222,"NOTE: This review is based on the 1st day early access so this is all subjective to change.I found the game to be well designed and thought out.  The action in my opinion makes it an interesting and fun hack and slash games and probably one of the few I have personally enjoyed.  The ranking up and skill acquisition gives the game some additional purpose.The main pros are that it is being produced by the creators of the series, rooster teeth.  The voice actors all played their roles which gives extra credibility to the game itself.  The game is very easy to grasp hold of and I managed to competently play it within a minute.  Which is good because complex games can lose thier interest quickly.The cons or constructive critacism lies in a few areas.  FIrstly and this has been mentioned by many others is that the voices are quite soft.  Second is an where the player stops running yet the legs keep on animating a walk or run sequence for a second or two after.  Some additional characters/teams from the series would really make this game better.  I could see it getting repetative if were just the same four main characters.  This is a general issue I have found with most hack and slash games.  Some additional combos and or animations for attacks would also be a nice addition.I do realise that this was an early release (today) but so far I really like where this is heading.  The main menu design is set up well and easy to use and the game itself is also very quick to learn and a lot of fun.  I would recommend this to anyone who enjoys a good hack and slash game and of course fans of RWBY."
76561198044871518,Recommended,418340,19430724,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,RathaNoob,"**May contain spoilers**Amazing game for what it is. Yes it does lack content, which is a major problem i see on the review board, but that's to be expected from Early Access. They have already said that they will add more content so no need to worry there.Combat is extremely fluid and feels amazing. True to the hack n slash style. The dodge mechanic seems to work well for the most part, can also use it to reset your combo so you can keep hitting enemies.Story is obviously lacking but i played over a good hour with 2 other people through all the missions/areas. The game seems to lean towards fighting waves of enemies while defending something but then changes that up with a more objective based mission for the last one.The skill system is one of my favorite parts and i cant wait to see it expanded upon. They do a kind of trinity mastery system kind of like WoW used to do except focusing on your three main skills, upgrading them and even being able to unlock new a new skill upgrade through killing enemies with that skill which is really cool. There are also passive upgrades like health (aura) or special and can unlock further tiers of this as well. Lots of choices for each character and lots of variations for different builds.Also co-op with friends is so much fun. Gives me a L4D vibe with the lobby system and character selection and all, being 4 characters of course :)Overall i highly recommend this game right now if you are a huge fan and want to see the combat system. If you are looking for a more full game with a large amount of content, something over 5 hours or so then its probably not for you YET."
,Recommended,418340,19427475,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,KeyUnLock,"First day! Well I loved it! It was everything I dreamed of! Played it for two hours then got bored seeing the one misson branch over and over again. I know there will be knew missons. I really hope this will be an amazing game! I like the MMORPG feel to it, so I'd reccomend adding to that. I'd love to see JPNR as the next characters you play as! Then maybe SSSN so the ones who identify as males have some more choices. I would love to see a normal Story mode like in most games where you can pick your character and go on adventures solo. I would ove more dialouge other then just the professors. I wouldn't hurt to see them in the game as well as checkpoints or something you talk too. Maybe have a system/code for when it's Multiplayer mode so it won't duplicate charaters. One more thing that would be a little annoying to some people is instead of giving us the Professors, Adults (Winter, Qrow, etc) and other teams (CFVY, BRNZ, etc) You have to unlock them with points from special missions otherwise they just stand in their places all day and you just get quest from them. More cutscenes would be nice too! I feel like I'm asking a lot but I'm just pitching out ideas!Really my only problem was that there wasn't a tutorial at the start but I knew the controls from MMORPGS to know enough. The panning was alright but the frame rate when there was more then two players while fighting and using the special attacks became lower. I don't know if that was a me issue or game issue. Also somtimes I would see the character speak box but not hear anything during battle. But, hey! It;'ll get better! It better get better or I'll be Yangry! (Yang's water pun was great).I like that everyone has a different range and all of their special attacks have something to do with their semblance and how easy it is to upgrade them. It would be highly neat to see what you all add on to these. Another thing I like is that it's different from the show. You learn about more things in Remnat in game as you do with each RWBY episode. Love it, it'll give us fans more of a clear vision and help connect some dots. Hopefully.I can't wait to see what you all at RT come up with! I would love to explore more of Remnat with my favorite characters!"
,Recommended,418340,19642821,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Zik,"Truly a fun game. Even for an early start, this was fantastic. Much fun to run the campaign, and not even just one time. Again and again.Would recommend this game, definitely. I look forward to forth coming patches. x3"
76561198023652545,Recommended,418340,19448849,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Mega,"I made a firm decision to never buy anything in early access after getting burned one too many times. However, I've been a long-time fan of Roosterteeth and I follow RWBY with a passion. I also played the original fan-made version and the pre-alpha on the Roosterteeth site. So boy howdy did I buy this as soon as it went up.The first thing I should point is that I'm obviously going to be biased towards the game, but I'll try to point out some of the flaws. Bearing in mind this is the first version of Early Access, so I bet in a few weeks this review will be entirely outdated.Pros:- Combat: Solid hack and slash combat. Each character has three unique skills as well as a general skills that are shared between the characters. Weiss for example, has a lunge attack, an AoE and a long range barrage attack. Special attacks use up segments of your special bar, which can be refilled by chainging combos on enemies. Enemies are reasonably varied and require different tactics, although once you've played through a few runs you begin to determine the best ways to beat them, so it's a case of memorisation e.g. Beowolves can be killed with a single combo, Ursas take multiple and you should avoid their ground pound etc.- Upgrade trees: Characters can level up their skills over the course of a campaign. You get 9 points (assuming you reach level 10) to invest however you want, and at the end of the campaign your character is reset. This MOBA style leveling allows you to play different roles each time. Using our Weiss example, one playthrough I might max out her Nova AoE attack, allowing me to freeze enemies and control the crowd. Another run I might max her lunge, letting me quickly dispatch high health enemies. Challenges that let you unlock special skills are persistant though, so once you unlock them you never have to again. This rewards people that play the game with special upgrades as time goes by.-Voice acting: Since the game is made by Roosterteeth, all the characters have the same voice actors as the show, which really puts you in the world. Ruby and Yang especially make you feel like you're taking part in an episode.Character variation: Each character has a distinct style of combat, so it's really refreshing to switch between them. Yang is very much an in your face brawler, Blake excels at moving around the battlefield picking off targets quickly, Weiss can provide incredibly useful support in the form of freezing, Ruby has superb long range attacks and varied skills for any situation. Additionally, the unique passive skills you can unlock feel perfectly suited for each character, tied to their history and styles.Cons:- Bugs: To be expected for Early Access, but surprisingly minor bugs so far. Characters suck at going down slopes, their animations freeze or stutter until they get onto level ground. If using a controller, moving at low speeds causes your character to glide. Blake has a weird period of glide if you move immediately after firing her gun. Ruby's ranged attack propels her backwards, so sustained firing can cause you to sort of merge into walls, although I've not gotten stuck from this yet. However, the combat is absolutely solid. I've heard that two characters that are downed next to each other can revive each other but I've not experienced this myself.-Jumping: To be honest, the jumping feels kind of pointless so far. Most enemies are low enough to the ground that jump attacks just miss, and the ones that you can hit (like Ursa) you're better off getting a ground combo off for full damage.-Short: While the character leveling and variation lends itself nicely to multiple playthroughs, at the moment there's only one campaign, spanning four 'stages'. It can quickly get repetitive, but there are a planned 3 total campaigns. That's probably around 3-4 hours content if you play multiplayer, more in singleplayer. But, the real appeal is in the character development so this should balance out fine.Overall, if you're a fan of Roosterteeth, RWBY or solid hack and slash games I highly recommend Grimm Eclipse. It's a small team of 4 developers, but since they're not on a schedule and this is basically a side project for RT they can take their time and make exactly the game they want to make. Very fun, High replayability, Great matchmaking/co-op and less buggy than Assassins Creed."
,Recommended,418340,19448953,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Kurome Ankokuboshi,"An awesome hack & slash game with a lot of potential! Only 4 missions atm but this is early access, so a lot more content is going to be released. Plus challenging difficulty leaves everything down to skill and not numbers. Only complaint is the fair amount of lag/hiccups in frame rate. Hopefully RT will fix that but in the mean time give this one a try!"
76561198078545417,Recommended,418340,19448609,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,RawSwiggity,"This game is obviously early access, it is fun as it is now and will only get better over time.I would like to see more characters to increase engagment"
76561198072485104,Recommended,418340,19590226,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,FaceholeJenkins,"This game needs a lot of work done but I know RT will expand upon this game (I hope)The first thing I want to address: The voice acting isn't good! I watched the show and the actresses do so much better in the show, I hope that the lines are re-recorded so that the acting sounds believable because I know they can act, also I think the actress for Blake was using a different mic because her voice sounded very low quality compared to the rest of the actors.The game itself is visually appealing, however the models that you play as and fight against don't look like they belong there. The models look anime which is true to the show, but the maps look like an entire different art style. The best way I can describe it is think of the opening cutscene to Sonic '06 (for reference I love RWBY and am only making this comparison because I want this gme to succeed) where you have these final fantasy-esque graphics with detailed models and complicated lighting. And then Sahnich shows up looking totally out of place with a simple model and hardly any definition. I don't think this would be hard fix since your taking pixels OUT of the map textures.Animations are nice but conflict with eachother animations when switching to a different taskWhenever you stop moving the running animation continues for a second making movement very awkward.The combat gets repetitive quick, some good ways to fix this would be to add finishers or making it so you can use enemies against themselves. For example what if you could lead one of those boar grimm into a hoard of beowulfs stunning all enemies who are hit. Add collaboration to your combos by using duos of characters in a team.The game takes no effort into explaining the story of RWBY, leaving newcomers to the franchise confused and with a bad taste in their mouthFinal Verdict: This game is unfinished obviously. But I still think its worth picking up. Once RT adds more content and fixes all the glitches I think it will be very fun. Monty be praised"
,Recommended,418340,19776260,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,my name chef,"The show rwby I feel is very different with it's animation style that doesnt quite fit. Yet this game with same style work's beautifully, and the hack and slash, with the minion slaughtering fun. Makes this game way worth it's money, and it's still in early access!"
,Recommended,418340,19504054,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Lucifer,It's not bad and its not a dead game.More of a time burner than anything
76561198059937253,Recommended,418340,19718586,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,。lee。,perfect.
76561198094397713,Recommended,418340,19944920,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Selu,"This is just an early access, but it's still loads of fun. If we give them some time they will develop an amazing game, I'm sure!Pros:- Early access: as I said, the early access has just been released, so we can expect huge advances in the next months (new game modes, for example).- OST: the music is just awesome and it's the same music from the anime. Epic battles with an epic soundtrack.- Characters: there are only 4 characters at the moment. But we can expect a big variety of them (Jaune pls).Cons:- The only thing that comes at my mind are the glitches we are suffering now, but they are not a big deal (graphic glitches, bugged subtitles, weird sounds...). But, as I said 1000 times before, we are just in the early access!To sum up, I really encourage you to play this game: loads of fun, epicness and awesome fights!"
,Not Recommended,418340,24710683,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,OEC 켄지,"(UNBIASED, NEVER WATCHED THE SHOW) The game is very grind based. Not really many thing to do besides hack and slash at the endless waves of monsters. Not much of a story. Very short campaign. Multiplayer campaign is NOT properly structured (You can get placed in a mission that you've already completed (There is no mission selection in multiplayer). The game is still somewhat fun despite it not being complete. Has full support for PS4 controller (playing with a controller is recommended)."
76561198318618996,Recommended,418340,27929919,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,KirstenBVBMDE,"I leave a great review on this game. I adore it. Some reccomendations are; Adding more DLC packs for the teams such as: Team SSSN, Team CFVY, Team NDGO, Team CRDL, Team BRNZ, Team ABRN, Team FNKI, Team STRQ and also Cinder's faction. Neopolitan is a huge request of mine, she is my favorite character. Also another reccomendation is to make multiplayer eight player, so team RWBY and JNPR can play together."
,Recommended,418340,31546833,Posted: 4 May,all,Izuru-senpai,"This game is pretty fun, especially once you get used to the controls. It actually has a bit of a story if you play the campaign mode which has an interesting concept.The only issue for me is the way the camera is controlled. You control it with your mouse and it changes depends on how you move the mouse. It's very finnicky and hard to control, especially in the middle of an intense battle.There is also a horde mode where you just fight waves of monsters like other horde modes in various games.Overall, it's really fun, especially if you have people to play with. I give this game about a 8.5/10 or maybe a 9/10."
,Recommended,418340,19494338,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,DoctorHands,"Great game and I throughly enjoyed it. Yea its got it problems but what early access doesn't. Sometimes walking up stairs you get stuck and have to jump and the balance between characters is a little finiky. But even with all of that I had tons of fun. There is a lot of potential in the game. I'm hoping for new teams, pvp, new lvls and i know this is a push but if they ever could enable character creation and stuff, yea. RWBY team you've taken my heart so many times and now you took it again."
,Not Recommended,418340,26946293,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Lie Ren The Pope,"Story is terrible and crap, Gameplay gets fun at first but then gets boring after repeating the same formula over and over again, and the character's abilities and attacks are actually pretty cool, but then get extrememly repetetive.Don't get me wrong, I love RWBY as much as the next person, but this game just CANNOT show it. It repeats a lot of things over and over like a pattern that doesn't stop, especially with the ""Ranks"" mechanic, making you reset and start over, like an idle game, but not increasing the speed at which you recover. It only gives you a shiny little badge next to your character level and that's it. Nothing else. Well... Maybe bragging rights, but still, it's a pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ""reward"".The enemies are the same, they repeat moves and don't stop until they die. The end boss is just terrible, and was the same thing almost: master the pattern, and kill the boss. But in a recent update, RT Games must've heard the complaints and said, ""Too easy? Okay... Here's a new and improved Mutant Deathstalker: More spikes on the floor, more enemies, and the boss hits harder."" Kind of a big fat ""♥♥♥♥ you"", doncha think?All in all, the game can be fun at times, especially with friends, but when you're alone, it just gets boring quick. The enemies, moves, and level formulas repeat over and over until the game is complete, and the boss is just a big disappointment.But I will give it this: You at least get the chance to play as any character of Team RWBY, which my favorite character is Ruby, plus the graphics are actually quite nice.Alone: 3/10W/ Friends: 4/10"
,Recommended,418340,19423902,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Xenvex,"Buggy Graphics so Far, But way more Interesting Gameplay than the original with all of the 4 main characters. Pretty good for what it is so far but has alot of room to improve. However, It still is a good game to play with friends. I reccommend getting it if you can."
,Recommended,418340,20437670,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,gone,"A few types of enemies, few locations with poor level design, residentsleepers gameplay... Anyway, that's my favorite anime. (still better then Cinderella Girls)."
,Recommended,418340,19422262,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,t0bias,"Although alot of work is to be done on this game, It's still fun. Recommended if you are a fan of Rooster Teeth and RWBY and looking forward to see where this game goes!"
,Recommended,418340,20312433,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Poseidon,"As a long-time fan of Hack 'n Slash games and anime, I had to pick this game up. I was not disappointed at all. Despite the lack of campaign levels and play options, the game is absolutely addicting. This game has an amazing concept going and, if they do it right, Rooster Teeth could take this game to new heights in the realm of Hack 'n Slash. This game has infinite potential to become an amazing game and I expect great things out of it."
,Not Recommended,418340,24609160,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,AsatorPrime,I love the RWBYU show but this game just bored me and I couldn't continue after playing for a little over an hour. It just felt incredibly shallow and repetitive.
76561198016243515,Not Recommended,418340,26050880,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Soka,So i really had my hopes up for this gaem right up to when they rushed the game out so they could sell us the DLC characters which sshould be free in the first place. So i would save you money this gaem just seems to be another poorly made cash grab that will just come out with more and more main features and try to sell them to you. Save your money this will be nothing but a demo and you have to keep paying to get the game.
,Recommended,418340,25860412,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Triforce888,"Yang's stupid puns CHECKRuby being cute CHECKWeiss being a total B CHECKBlake being the hero we don't deserve CHECKHonestly this is stupid fun for a game that's only $25, you won't regret the purchase knowing or not knowing the source material. It is an all around hella fun hack and slash. We just need the other teams and this game will be as good as it gets."
,Not Recommended,418340,24616122,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Nobelista,"Why you hurt me this way Rooter Teeth Games. I buy this game since you release this beta and then you release the full version (fast release w/o hesitation) you did'nt improve some other need to fix or add good feature, you just release it. The most hurtful you put the bundle volume 1 to 3 we can always watch at YouTube like come on man. Who the heck buy te bundle worth 24$ IDK but man..... To be honest I buy this game to support the series/volume for Monty and Rooster Teeth animation, to improve it, And to play this game happly. that's all my mind no hate, I'm just dissapoint a little bit. And I don't know if Yes or No I will rate it in a balance way. called Maybe."
,Not Recommended,418340,26057519,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,PacifisticTaco,A short small game that cannot live up to its $15 price in Early Access or its $20 launch price. Performance also isn't great.
76561198047140511,Not Recommended,418340,26521891,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,profil,"I will start with what is good:combat is fluid, and satisfing, at least in first hour...the bordom creeps fast,  the enviroment is empty and bland, enemis selection is very limited, and so are gameplay types.If you think about buying this game buy dlc - those characters are much more intresting (gameplay wise)."
,Recommended,418340,24203470,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Demetrion,"The game is brilliant in its full release version. Good and interesting gameplay, achievments and ranks and, of course, amazing OST and VAs. I've played the game since the start of Steam early access back in December 2015 and wasn't disappointed. Developers are great and always stay in touch with community. Community itself is also awesome. Seriously, most of the players are fans of RWBY so you'll get high teamplay and low or zero toxicity most of the time. For my more than 30 hours experince ATM I've encounterd only one toxic player. Huge contrast with the most of multiplayer games I've played.Should you buy this game?If you're fan of the original show - go get the game without any doubts, you won't be disappointed. If you just like hack and slash games, but never heard of the original series - you also will like this game. But if you prefer more methodical gameplay or don't like distinctive stilistic of the RWBY, then RWBY: GE might not be the best option for you.So, all in all RWBY: GE is awesome game. And I think that our journey is just begun.JNPR/Horde mode update. Well, two words: pure gold. Nothing to add, really."
,Not Recommended,418340,24046912,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,SugarNSpicez,"Bad Graphics and Repetitive Gameplay, I really hope it gets better in the Final Verison...Honestly"
,Recommended,418340,24216030,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Connorforce,"If you like the RWBY series then this is the experience for you, with more to come at later dates. I personally hate online but I loved every second of this game's. You never feel like people are in your way or stealing your kills, you work together as a team. Though I would recommend playing solo for the first 6 or so missions to get a feel for the game. Fantastically developed combat system resulting in a comfortable feel for each character and their movements once you've mastered them all. All members of team RWBY have their own abilities and fighting styles useful for different situations. Much better than many overpriced AAA games this year...."
,Not Recommended,418340,32748496,Posted: 24 June,all,Quangasaurusrex,"I have played this game for a little, and I may change this in the future, but for now this will do.This game gets repetitive, very, very fast. There are only a few moves. The controls are good, easy, and simple. Combos are  easy to do. Playing alone is a bore. The grimm only have one-two moves. I like the ""aura"" concept, nice touch. The show is nice, the game has nothing to do with it however. The sounds they make are extremely annoying since they do it every time you do a move. (e.g. right click) The game is not worth it for 20, got it on sale for 10, and its still kind of not worth it. The giant grimm are just meatshields, no other moves other than their basic ones, no special 'boss' fights as far as ive played. there arent lobbies when i first pressed multiplayer (is what i would expect for multiplayer) Team JNPR should already be part of the game. The DLC (costumes/JNPR) give no extra stats/points/etc whatsoever. which again, should already be part of the game (and yet I bought it).TL;DR wouldnt recommend, very repetitive, boring single player, multiplayer is local only, dlc that should be part of the game already."
76561198120392758,Not Recommended,418340,24144962,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Phoenix Zenterra,"I bought this during its early access because I am a RWBY fan and wanted to support this game. However I can really only recommed this game for fans of RWBY. While the combat is very fun and killing Grimm with three other people, more so when its the full team RWBY, is awesome this game is on the short side and feel like a episode from Volume 1 of RWBY. But the games does have a couple of highlights. With the full team, as in one of each charecter, Ruby and her teammates banter and comments on whats going on do feel in charecter and acts as the humor of the game. Combat is simple and easy to understand and the music is amazing. However the combat itself does get tiring as all combat is kill waves of Grimm.But regardless a non RWBY fan may not find much enjoyment in this game's story, they'll most likely be horrible confused as the game expects one to at least watch Volume 1 of RWBY. There is no explaination in game as to who Team RWBY is or what the Grimm are.Also the cost of this game is way to much.With all this in mind, as said before, I can only recommed this game for truly die hard RWBY fans. However even fans of that caliber may not buy this game.For non fans absolutely not you can buy better games for 25$.Hopefully the game will become much better with future updates.  Until then its better to stick with the show."
76561198072342659,Not Recommended,418340,29240724,Posted: 13 January,all,Word,"I really wish I could recommend this game, but I just can't. Maybe later updates could help it, but right now it gets very stale and repetitive very quickly. Keep an eye on it if you are a RWBY fan, otherwise don't bother."
,Recommended,418340,19516437,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,TurtleRabbit,"Everyone is overpowered... exept Blake. Also er voice actor is different. And she doesn't do much. The game is incredible, but Blake sucks."
,Recommended,418340,19535681,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,[Raika] KyuubiBankai,"6/12/15 Time of review.For an early access game, it is completely solid and stable. As a big fan of the show from day one episode one I have been following this game since it was on greenlight and I am completely satisfied but that may have something to do with my love for the show. I’ll just talk about what I personally like or dislike so read it if you want detailed information about the game but if you want to short version then I have to say I like the game and I think it’s a great value for money and even greater if you manage to play with a couple of people you know or your just a fan of the show like I am. I do not regret my purchase and am happy to support this game where ever it decides to go.ProsGameplayCombat is solid and enjoyable, not very difficult but not very simple either. You can die very easily if you don’t make use of the dodge button and your skills from which there are a good verity between the current four characters of the show. You have your basic combo attacks and a ranged attack which can mix together for a different combo and each of the characters have their own unique skills which use a portion of your skill bar. You can also upgrade your skills by levelling your character, which add some unique effects or just upgrade general things such as your aura which acts as your health. You gain one skill point per level, at the moment the max level is ten so you have a total of ten points to spend but again that could be only for now and could change later. Picking between which skills you want to upgrade more and focus towards is completely up to you and from what I’ve seen there isn’t a TRINITY between skills at the moment. But then again I only play Ruby and Yang so take my word for a grain of sand :P The game is also four player drop in and drop out co-op so you can have some great fun with friends or random people, enemies do increase in difficulty depending on how many people are with you so it doesn’t make the game easier in a sense. However I must say there is no lock on system which is kind of weird, it makes son skills completely miss the enemy you want to hit and sometimes hits the wrong one. You kind of get use to it as you keep playing but still, adding a lock on will fix this issue. It should also be mentioned that this game supports Xbox One and PS4 controller support surprisingly, the controls on a keyboard and mouse are perfectly fine in my opinion but the option is there for those who want it. I do not own a controller for either console so I can’t fully recommend them as I have no idea if they are a blessing or a curse but again the option is there.SoundSound is decent I guess, there is a track what plays through missions and sometimes have these epic tracks playing during large battles and boss fights which puts a smile on your face now and then. Voice acting is also here and for the most part works well, every character sounds like their own and isn’t a pain to listen to but then again I watch allot of anime so maybe that has something to do with it. Sound effects are spot on, you feel like your attacks are connecting and your specials are in fact SPECIAL. Not much else I can really say, I think it’s all great and works just as intended but it is worth mentioning that it does get a bit too loud especially the combat sounds. It just gets ridiculously loud for no reasons but again its nothing game breaking so…YOLO I guess.GraphicsGraphics are just as they are in the show which is a very and I mean VERY GOOD THING. It all looks right by nature and stays true to its origin. If you aren’t a fan of a cartoony style with an anime flare then walk away now because it is not getting any better than it is. The character models are perfect and represent the player characters and the enemy NPC’s perfectly. I personally love Yang’s hair as it’s the best thing to look at while laying the beat down on grimm :PConsLevelsLevels are a hit and miss for me, they serve their function with flying colours and there is nothing wrong with them in a sense. The problem is that there are way TOO many invisible walls for no real reason. For example during the first two missions where you play in large fields, you can see large open areas which you can’t get to because there’s an inviable force stopping you. It makes levels feel like a straight line, a corridor not allowing the players to explore these good looking areas in a large and interesting world. That said there are a good amount of secrets on each map which grant extra EXP which are very easy to miss but worth getting if you can so for that I will thank the designer, it does give the players a reason to actually explore the area than just go on with the objective. Also some missions have these “defend the objective” goal which isn’t bad for me since I like the combat enough but I can see if people start to get annoyed by this so mixing up the objective would be nice. That’s not to say that’s the only thing you do because it’s not.AnimationsAnimations are a mixed bag here, for the characters you control they are spot on. Each character feels unique and has a unique play style which makes you want to main a charter over the others which is always a good thing as you feel connect to these charter especially if you watch the show, I personally absolutely love Yang but will defiantly play Raven if she gets added. It’s the enemy NPCs who have issues now and then, for example Weiss can freeze an enemy in place with one of her upgrades but for some reason the enemy still attacks and even move around despite being frozen in ice. What the hell? It happens a hand full of times but way more common as you play more and more so hopefully that can get fixed.SkillsSkills for some characters are clearly better than others, for example Yang’s third ability “Blastwave” is completely worthless and unreliable as you miss your targets five out of ten times. Making the upgrades for that ability a complete waste. Another example is Ruby’s general upgrade “Armor piercing rounds” which increases the damage of your range attacks, why? This is a game where you have to combo enemy’s to even use your skills, range attacks are nice to have but don’t even get close to the same damage as your melee attacks do. So why have an upgrade for something you barely use? It may not be bad as I’m making it out to be but it does make you scratch your head now and then especially since you can currently only getting a total of ten points to spend, so you want to be sure your making you right decisions. It just when you have a good damaging ability you should have other good options which are comparably not a liability.ConclusionIt’s a very solid game to play and enjoy especially if you have friends so if you’re a fan of the show then show your support and pick this up. Get some friends and you will have some great fun as I have with my friends. Really excited to see how this game will grow and hopefully it will be for the better. All in all I have not regretted my purchase at all.What I would like to see in the future.More characters. (Please add Raven! I’ll pay whatever the price)More levels because why not?Remove the invisible walls or at least make then less noticeable.Change some of the skills so they make more sense.A character creator.If possible, a PvP mode. It would be awesome putting a team like RWBY vs JNPR.8/10 needs more Raven."
,Recommended,418340,19430993,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,EterNity,"First of all, I have to admit that I bought this game solely because I am a fan of RWBY series. The game in current state already shown a great deal of potentials despite it being an early access game. The graphic is very similar to Yandere Simulator and the vocal is minimum but on point.The control is fairly simple and, personally, I would like to see it being developed into something similar to Mortal Kombat. With that being said, I cannot get my Steam Controller to work with the game yet and that's pretty much my only complain."
,Not Recommended,418340,24587626,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Onionike,"It feels like something is missing, but I'm not quite sure what..."
76561198038094521,Recommended,418340,19460707,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,BloodLust,"This is a fun and beautiful game that fans of RWBY like myself will enjoy to play, but since this is a Early Access Game there  are some things that need to be improve and so things I would like to see added.Things that I like to see impove on:1. The running animation because I have seen the girls stop in mid running motion but still be moving.2. The audio adjustments because I would like to hear the girls and NPCs talk oven the sound effects of the fights.3. More back gound music for the levels because sometimes as I play I hear nothing.4. Sounds for the Grimms.Things I would to see added:1. More characters2. A Camera Reset Button so when the Grimm goes off screen you can quickly move the camera behine you huntress.3. Team attack Combos like if there is a Ruby and a Weiss with full special gage and they are near each other and both players hit a set button combo like one person hits Q and the other hits E then Ruby and Weiss pulls off Ice flower.4. A Target System so you can concentrate the big Grimms the may need more time to attack.5. A keyboard/controller button map because even thought the controls are easy to lean I still think it be nice to see or even change the buttoun options.As you can see these are just a few things that I would like to see happen in later updates but as of right now it's still a fun game to play and I can't wait to see it as it grows into the game that we Rwby fans think it can become."
76561198086988544,Recommended,418340,19578941,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Smoke,"honestly i didnt think this game would work on my pc but they literally have an option called potato XDanyways for those of you who havent seen the anime like me you should go on netflix and watch,  I just seen and am gonna watch it but as far as the game goes it is a great game that needs some work as far some skills go, it is like an rpg upgradable ability game but also requires teamwork.sadly i wish  it had a story line for those who want to solo play but it doesnt so you gotta grow some ballz and go ballz deep as ur chosen chick and wreck the enemies with all you got!"
,Recommended,418340,19492181,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Mikoto,I can now finally live out all those fanfictions10/10
,Recommended,418340,22033741,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,someone buy me a new pc,"This game is hella fun. Each character fights differently and you can feel it when you're that character. I'm currently begging my friends to get into the series and to buy this game. The scenery is gorgeous and the graphics, in my opinion, are lovely. I love the voice acting and the story, I hope it sticks to the series! If you're bored one night and want to spend about an hour on a game with some friends or just random strangers online, this game is for you. Have fun combo'ing the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of horny rhinos!"
,Recommended,418340,19423269,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,ZorNock9,Its Like Guild Wars and Dynasty Warriors had a babyand that baby likes anime
76561198156006110,Recommended,418340,19647801,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,ShyRaven,Uhm. Its pretty good! The action and combat is fun.Pros :1.I havent seen any bugs are glitches or anything in my time playing.2.The combat is pretty smooth and fun.3. The voice acting is true to the show (if you didnt like the voice acting in the show you wont like it here either).Cons.1. Exp isnt shared.so kIll stealing is an issue.2.There really isnt much point to having allies other than reviving eachother.( No character interaction whatsoever)3.Suprised that the music wasnt very present. It comes on for a few fights but everything else music is lacking.Uhm. Its hard to pay $15 for a game where in it's current state you can play and see everything there is to see in two playthroughs (about an hour worth). But if you like RWBY or this kinda of 4 player co-op hack n slash in general I guess its ok to buy in and wait for more to be added to the game.
76561198344908848,Recommended,418340,30659597,Posted: 21 March,all,Sky of the Midnight Variety,"I have spent a vast majority of my time playing this game, and I will say it was time well spent.  However, as many have stated before, there is little content provided for the hefty price we must pay to recieve this lovely game.  I love the combat, the smooth animations and the quirky lines characters are given.  Yet I don't like the continuous lag spikes and freezing I have been coming across lately, but I'm sure RoosterTeeth and it's partners are seeing to that.  Overall, it's a great game for what it has, but it could be a masterpiece depending on what is added to it."
76561198101675824,Recommended,418340,27611946,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Kriegstein,"I wouldn't say that this is ""the greatest game ever made"" but it's alright. There are some minor bugs and glitches but what game doesn't have these now a days. It's a nice 3-D beat'em game. There is enough RWBY for the fans and the newbies and enough challenge for the try-hards. 7.5 out of 10 without DLC and 8 out of 10 with DLC. Video games are ment to be fun so don't take things too seriously. :)"
,Recommended,418340,27884150,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,KelpyG,"I'm really 50, 50 on this. It's your typical hack n' slash game but with the great show of RWBY as your setting. The plot is mediocre and doesn't really grab your attention, and if you don't have friends to play this game with, you'll get bored of it within 30 minutes. AND, you have to pay an extra $5 in order to play as team JNPR, which I find very annoying. I like RWBY a lot, and I couldn't help but buy this game, but after the first couple of hours, I kind of lost interest. But if you really want this game and you're a big RWBY fan, go for it."
76561198304670419,Not Recommended,418340,24854846,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,WhiteRose,"Okay before you guys go all crazy I am a rwby fan it's just here are my reasons1. Lack of grimm to fight. The enemies in game it's pretty much the same enemies every area that has them the only two new enemies we got was when the full game came out the androids and the death stalker. But it would have been awesome if they added more grimm in the game because they pretty added almost every grimm in game except the snake grimm and nevermore. And every chapter has the same enemies until chapter 6 where your starting to fight the android enemies.2. the game is to short. The game I can pretty much beat it alone in 3 to 4 hours but with online multiplayer I can beat it in 2 to 3 hours. We all know that they had to rush to release the full game when the game came out and all but it would have been nice if rooster teeth could have added more levels instead of 10 chapters and there were a lot of places in the show we had seen the city of vale, Beacon, and other places in the show that we have seen before.3. Lack of playable characters so far. Right now we can only play as ruby rose Weiss schnee blake belladona and yang xaio long the four main female protagonist of rwby and I just wish that they could have added team JNPR or team CFVY once the game was released but right now the developers of the game is talking about team JNPR but us players don't know if they will be paid DLC or be updated into the game like the previous updates.4. Dr merlot is not even in the game he sits in the backround and talks to you you can't even fight him which sucks. And the final boss I thought that it's going to be him since he is the main bad guy in the game but nope it's a deathstalker.5. hunter rank. I just don't like it how whenever we upgrade our rank it has to reset the game and you have to play through the whole game again why not just upgrade to the next rank and don't reset the game but I kinda hate the hunter rank because it takes to long to upgrade and it resets the game.6. Storyline. The storyline kinda sucks we have a brand new bad guy who wasn't even shown in the main show and the storyline is that he comes back and he starts capturing grimm and mutating them. There isn't really a whole lot of backstory to Dr. Merolt and he says to Ozpin in one of the chapters that they met before and that was it I want to know how they met but they don't explain alot about the backstory to Merlot and there is very little storyline in game.7. The skills. Okay some of you guys can agree that some skills kinda sucks there's isn't any skill that likes upgrade your attacks to your weapon so you can defeat the enemy easily. There are some useful skills like arua regeneration and improve ultamate.8. Lack of music. Now there is a lot of music in the game of course. But why not add the vocaloist and not just the different instruments playing in the backround I mean in some parts of the game you here the same type of music over and over again which can get really annoying like when you fight the death stalker all you here in the backround is red like roses part 2 build up that's it and it just sucks how we can't even hear full songs in the backround either with the singing in the backround or just the different instruments playing in the backround.So yeah those are my reasons why Grimm eclipse is not my favorite it was my favorite the first time I played both the demo of the first five chapters and when the full game got released but after awhile it just didn't stood out to me. If your a rwby fan you can get the game check the game out yourself but if you know what rwby is and want to get the game just don't buy the game it's not really worth the price even I bought the game when it was $20.00 and I just got tired of playing the game for awhile and I hope rooster teeth adds more content to the game then maybe just maybe the game could stand out more again."
,Not Recommended,418340,26553729,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Zeet,"I wish I could say better about this game. I love the series, so I bought this to satiate my hunger for more RWBY content. I got some of that satifaction via hearing the voice lines (what little there are) and getting to see the characters and world of Remnant. Now while the concept of fighting grimm itself sounds like great fun, it feels very tedious and spammy. Having played all eight characters, I believe I can safely say that, when it comes to Team RWBY, the different characters feel practically the same; AOE ult, two long ranged shots followed by a more powerful shot, mash mash mash with the only slight exeption to this being Yang, who's first two ranged shots only seem to hit a very short range in front of her. I can say that when it comes to Team JNPR, each of the characters feel different, at least moreso than Team RWBY. As Jaune has no form of long ranged attack in the series, he can charge at enemies, and instead of an AOE ult, it seems he buffs his allies. Pyrrha, meanwhile, has updgradable combos, and instead of two weak shots and one strong shot, she just has individual shots, which, while seeming somewhat underwhelming, actually comes as a nice change of pace. Nora and Ren seem to function a lot more like the members of team RWBY, but there are some differences due to their weapons.I have only had the opportunity to play single player for the moment, but I can safely say that this game cries for a soulmate to play with. In single player, the environments, while they do look nice and give you the feeling you are in the world of Remnant, feel empty and predictable, spawning grim in wide open areas akin to arenas, while the only character on the field is yourself. I wonder why they couldn't allow for some AI characters for as a fan, I wanted to see more of character interactions, but if there is some amount of interaction between characters, you cant see it in single player. To wrap all the repatative gameply up is a formulaic structure of the levels: grim fight, walk, grim fight, walk, fight waves while waiting for an event, walk, grim fight, walk, defend a stucture while fighting waves. Granted I have only played through area three, but i have heard it doesn't really change. And finally, if you are thinking about buying for the story, as of where I am, the story is threadbear at best, and nonexistant at worst. While I will still try and slog through it and wish it weren't so, I can't in good faith reccomend RWBY: Grimm Eclipse from a single player experience. I pray that the game thrives in it's multiplayer.Now while I can't really reccomend the game, if you want to play the game, I would suggest purchasing team JNPR. Their slightly more diverse kits feel a bit more entertaining to play, at least after playing as members of team RWBY."
,Recommended,418340,26059215,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Poundcaked,"Grimm Eclipse is a Hack and Slash game developed by Rooster Teeth featuring their infamous animated web series, RWBY. After owning it for a great amount of time, I can definitely say it's one of my most valued purchases I've made on Steam.Although the initial campaign story can get tedious and boring after several times of replaying, the newly introduced Horde Mode brings out Grimm Eclipse's true potential of being an exciting and enjoyable Hack and Slash game that I've had immense amounts of fun playing for the past few days. It is also worthy of mention that this game is especially enjoyable when playing with friends.While I still encounter a handful of repetitive issues, such as sudden lagging of the game and crashing, Rooster Teeth has done a job well done with the development of Grimm Eclipse so far and I'm looking forward to what Grimm Eclipse will offer in the future."
76561198062479889,Not Recommended,418340,24546709,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Blade Master 42,"Well, Grimm Eclipse is finally off of Early Access. Sadly, I have to write a scathing review rather than give it the tongue bath I would have liked to. Let's get this out of the way: Even if you are a fan of RWBY, this game is not worth the money. If you aren't a fan of RWBY, you are excused. You have other Steam listings to look at in your search for a hacky/slashy fun run. For the RWBY fans who are still here, let me explain what seems to have gone wrong.Grimm Eclipse was in early access for some time. And in that time, it came a long way from the launch, it really did. Combat was adjusted, sfx levels were adjusted, and the models that came straight out of the show got axed for some arcane reason. Then a few extra bland levels got stapled to the back half and it was deemed finished.The game is short, the characters play very similarly to one another (smash heavy attack or DIE), and the writing is short on the charm you may have come to expect on the shore. The game puts in a couple jumping puzzles in a desperate bid to keep things varied, but it falls flat, even when a lampshade gets hung on the situation. The fact that this callout was less gentle ribbing and more being hit over the head in case you missed it did not help matters.Spoilers from this point on. The worst part about this is the absolute waste of the villain, Dr. Merlot. He receives some slight foreshadowing in the first couple areas that the game began Early Access with, but after he starts talking to the characters, any hope of him being interesting or complex gets buried like the rest of my hope for this game. Ozpin is no better when he starts up his back and forth with Merlot. Good guys yay, bad guys boo, now go stop Dr Wily. I mean Merlot.It probably seems like I'm harping on this point a bit, but Dr. Merlot's actions are the sum total of the plot. His mark is left all over security breaches in Beacon's network, and he breeds mutated Grimm. Neither of these points are ever explained, even at the end. The titular team investigates this, learns nothing, smashes up the lab and calls it a night. If RWBY was a monster of the week kind of show, this would be excusable. More so at least. But RWBY is a long term narrative, and if Merlot was at least painted as complex, or threatening, or if at any point we had some insight into why he was doing what he's doing, it might have worked a little better, and I wouldn't feel so cheated. Instead, we get a cartoonishly evil scientist with no desire beyond making monsters. What an absolute mess.The gameplay isn't better. Early areas are alright. Smash up some Grimm of varying types, some are tougher than the rest, counter when they wind up, and anything but the most basic enemy you can use your Heavy attack to break their guard. Which is always up. So your light attack, which should probably be your main method of attack, becomes almost worthless. Ursa are a pain to fight, since even heavy attacks don't stagger them, so you instead have to wait for them to stagger themselves. Waiting should not be a key factor in a hack and slash. Things get worse in the late levels of the game which introduce robotic enemies, which I had to cheese with Ruby's stun bullet ability to get a chance to hurt. Their range is too long, they knock you out of your attacks even as they receive yours with unflinching determination, and have a nasty habit of coming in pairs for maximum annoyance. Their gunner friends that show up later are just as irritating, as they jump backwards and blast the ground you're standing in faster than you can cancel your combo and evade the attack.And the last boss fight is an absolute joke. Stand in front of him, wait for the weak point to become apparent, smack it as fast as you can, repeat. There's no method to force the weak point out beyond waiting, and I already talked about why that's not good. Defeating the enemy somehow makes Merlot's plans fall apart. Oh, and Merlot contributes only tired dialogue to the end fight. He doesn't even escape, he just loses without ceremony or closure.As for what's good about the game: The voice cast from the series reprise their roles here, and perform well. Even Merlot doesn't sound bad, he's just poorly scripted. Sadly, so is Ozpin. Everyone else makes it through more or less intact. Even with the updated models, the game looks good. The team's movements are well animated, attacks are flashy and cool, and the enemies at least look interesting, even if they themselves aren't. Environments are visually pleasing as well, and you're not likely to get lost. Unfortunately, that's all I can really praise about the game. Things that were brought over from the show.TLDR: Wait for Volume 4 instead."
,Not Recommended,418340,24632266,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Starswept Dusk,"I praise Valve for their refund policy, because it means games like this cant screw people as easily. For a few minutes i thought i was dumb, bad at the game and in need of a tutorial. Because all i could manage is one basic combo and my combat strategy was very repetitive and boring. Shortly afterwards i realised why there is no guide. The combat genuinely doesnt get any more complex than that. No unlockable combos at all, just boosts to health and damage output. I can't find the words to describe how boring and childishly simplistic this game is. Do not buy."
76561198119534537,Not Recommended,418340,26050635,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Scopzy,"Really disappointed with this games progression, i bought it within the first month or so of release and it had a lot of potential, it really did, but the games been out of early access for quite sometime now, but it really doesn't feel like it. The game is fun, but its really bare bones and lacks replayability. For its price of £15 it really isn't worth it. Thats not even taking into consideration it has paid DLC."
76561198142376789,Not Recommended,418340,24633274,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,GameMaster1710,"Fan of the series, big fan of RT and most of their content, was super-psyched about a video game adaption since the concept and themes would adapt very well to a God of War or Devil May Cry-style hack n' slasher. That said, the (I assume) final product is very... Ehhhhhhhhhhh...The mechanics are very DMC-inspired and for the most part work fairly well, although a combo list would certainly be very welcome since the game doesn't really explain that you need to insert a heavy attack into a light attack chain to make a combo. Actually, a general tutorial would help a lot since again, the game doesn't explain what things like a Team Attack is or how absolutely vital countering is. Not to mention the controls menu can only be viewed in-game for some stupid reason. I'll go into the menu to find where the dodge is mapped to and get brutalized by what looks like Phanpy from Pokemon going through an emo phase.The environments match the aesthetic of the series very well but there's barely anything in them. Just a token amount of scenery, the occaisional group of crates and a marker pointing to the next combat arena. Put some♥♥♥♥♥♥in there, a shrine, a cave entrance, a big tree, anything. It feels so empty and plain. Obviously you need some space for the enemies but they only come at you in groups of 5 or 6 in single player anyway.There's no personality to the characters anymore, save for the occaisional quip during and after combat which becomes VERY annoying when you've heard the same one 10 times in one session, and the story is pretty laughable. I get they're trying to be a bit camp with it but it's just characters talking to each other on Skype whilst the player is busy fighting more boring, samey enemies. By the way, those robot guys are really cheap. They have WAY too much health and can interupt you mid-combo. And the less said about the final boss, the better.There's clearly effort here, but for it's overall quality and at the price it is now, I just cannot reccomend it. Get it when it's on sale and if you literally have nothing else to occupy your time with."
76561198311045646,Recommended,418340,26367559,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,reapermaibe,"Have you always wanted to be a Huntress, kill Grimm and take names?Well now you can with RWBY Grimm Eclipse!From day one (early access) it's been a fun way of experiencing the world of Remnant and learning a little bit more about your favourite characters- without it going into spoiler territory for the show.The gameplay is fun, the combat is easy enough to get used to, they're taking in player suggestions and you get to interact with some really great players.My only gripe is I'd like a few more campaigns- perhaps individual ones for the solo players where we could learn a little bit of backstory of our favourite characters.Happy Grimm hunting everyone!"
76561198329238312,Recommended,418340,31108994,Posted: 12 April,all,fallenaigis,"though i like rwby the constant error, host migration, or game crash every 15 minutes makes it very hard to play.  The fact that they release more DLC""COSTUMES"" rather than address these issues is probably why you struggle to find a group at times  and why sadly it hasn't grown to be the amazing game it should be."
,Not Recommended,418340,24123124,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Tenryuu,"Now, I love the RWBY series. I like the story and mythos. However, I cannot recommend the game currently. For starters, I got this game during the summer sale and I only played about 85 mins. It was about $10 when I got it and I notice something pretty weird. Previously, this game started as $15. After an update, it went to $20. Now it is $25. Hopefully this is its final stand but it is pretty strange to rise your price over time when other games from early access stayed the same price at full release. Now other than that, lets go over the pro's and con's of this game. Note: This is quite lengthy, so I will make a short review on it at the bottom.Pro's:1. Models: So far, the models have reverted back to their early state, which is very similar to the show models. That is an improvement considering the small controversy on the model change upon the first major update, making the models look a bit dated and weird.2. Combat: The combat in this game is more of a hack and slash, so if you are not into hack and slash, this will get boring fast. However, the combat animations are on point and show off the characters movesets. Each have their signature style of combat and it shows the amount of effort put in to work on the combat animations to resemble those from the show.3. Graphics: The looks and art style of the show are here in the game. It is bright, colorful. While most are recycled and quite dull at times, it is obvious the developers want you to feel like you are in the shows universe.4. Voice-acting: The voice acting is great. Some points, not so much, but mostly well spoken and similar to the show.Con's:1. Lack of content: Now as I said, this is a hack and slash and it does get quite samey. You got repeated monsters and not much variation than mash buttons to win. However, not much has really changed from its early access to its release. So far, only more maps were added to the story. So if you wanted more characters other than team RWBY, you are out of luck.2. Price: The price point of this game is ridiculous. For $25, this will feel shallow unless you are planning multiple playthroughs with all 4 members of RWBY and can withstand the grind. Other than that, this game feels like a $15 game than a $25. I would hold on to your money and wait for either more content or till the price drops.3. No new characters: Now, on the news, it is stated that upon the full release new characters will be added. Where are they? There is still the same team RWBY available. Now I understand that making the models and animations are tough but when you advertise and promise to have new characters upon launch, I expect it. Because of this, some consumers are more wary of the developers and holding off when they cannot withhold the promises they made upon launch. Now they did state that more characters will be added for free later on but I cannot accept the fact that no new characters were available on launch.4. Combat upgrades: Now, it is no suprise that the game has a level up system in it to upgrade whichever character you play, however, the pre-requisites are out of proportion. 300 range kills? 150 ult kills? Now, this may not seem like a lot to others but when you are playing 4 player co-op, with everyone running off like headless chickens taking your kills, it becomes a chore to get there. Sure, you can play with friends and ask them to let you take the last hit kills to level up but in random matches, it is quite difficult to accumilate. ""But the game has singleplayer cross-connection. Wouldn't that mean you can level up in singleplayer as well to get the level ups?"" Yes but not that the game raises the difficulty the more players there are in the match, and by raising the difficulty, it means spawning more things. So in singleplayer, you may only accumulate about roughly 60-70 kills at bestor you can join a 4 player co-op and rack up 200-250 kills (that is if you get most of the kills itself). So you will need to grind hard and make sure you are not spamming the attack buttons to try get the unlocks itself because for most new players, it will become quite difficult to not mash the attack button just to get 1 more range kill.5. Story: Story is mediocore at best. It is in between season 2 and season 3. It is quite dull and you will not care much about it at all later on as it becomes obvious and see plot lines from miles away.!TL:DR!Pro's:good modelsgreat voice actinghas the feel of the universegood hack and slash combatCon's:bare contentridiculous priceno Neopolitan (I cry everytime ;~;)grindy upgradesmeh storyAll in all, its not a terrible game, not in the long mile but it is quite lacking. Its like drinking soda. You can drink as much as you want but you will always feel a bit lacking or wanting more by the end. Overall, I would say it is about 5/10 at the current state. It's not groundbreaking standards but not♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ I would save your money and wait till it hits a sale for about $15 or $10 or wait for more content to release. Thankfully, most of the updates will be free but this is most likely like Titanfall, you will power it up only to play about 1-3 matches at best."
,Not Recommended,418340,24189928,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,set_phasers_to_hug,too  basic in its current state.
,Not Recommended,418340,24122025,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Zenos yae Galvus,"It was quite enjoyable for the first few levels, then after a while you can start to feel it's getting bland.As someone who played it from the early access, it's still the same old early access game just with the fancy new UI and the hunter system, which still makes it dull. The only noticeable change is the replacement of the old models with an uglier one; the new models looked awful compared to the old ones, the old ones had the RWBY look compared to what the new ones looks.Other than that, the full version release just isn't feeling like a full version release; it still lacks content to spice up the game. As the game currently stands, I wouldn’t recommend it yet, especially with that price tag."
,Not Recommended,418340,24137562,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Toltage,"I could go in-depth with some of my complaints about this game, but I'll try to keep it brief since it's just more of the same as previous reviewers have said.RWBY Grimm Eclipse is a co-op action game, stabby spinny shooty etc. This game was originally in Early Access. A lot of it hasn't even changed since then. Sound effects still are bad, gameplay is the same stuff as the Early Access build but continued for another 6 levels (repetitive hack and slash with occasional ""defense"" missions), the framerate completely dies when there's too much stuff on screen, and to top it all off, bugs are still rampant.I would recommend this game if it was $5-10, but even then it's hard to. Regardless, definitely not worth the $25 price tag in its current state."
,Not Recommended,418340,24291059,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Alight xD,"I'm a fan of RT (been with them since RvB).I'm also enjoy the old free version of Grimm EclipseBuy this game due to the above reasonBut, I have to say ""don't buy this game""_ Game is smooth, pretty._ Plain and simple hack and slashNow here's the bad part_ Too short (The core story can be less than 3hr going solo, assuming you are a mediocre hack & slash player)_ The grind is real (You have to grind to unlock skill, sure, but then when you rank up, you have to unlock them all again, welp, it's not easy to kill a few hundred or thousand of enemy to unlock skill)_ The last boss was a joke (The explosion is also a joke)_ The story is kinda meh (It's weird, it's seem like the bad guys have a genius brain but lack common sense =+="")If they ever toss in more free update and such to make up for the lack content, then you might as well just pass this game (You ain't losing any story or lore provide by this game =+="")Want another hack and slash:_ Blade Symphony_ Metal Gear Rising: Revenge_ Blade of times (Heck, this one is only even 1/3 of this game price and hell the game is awesome)TL;DR: RWBY show is amazing, can't say the same for the game"
,Recommended,418340,24247412,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,AnimeFanFTW,"I played the original fan game years ago, and I had alot of fun.I played the Early Access game, and I had alot of fun.I played the full release, and I had alot of fun.......but it could have been better.While I had a ton of fun playing the game, I always felt like I was still playing an Early Access game. This game doesn't have enough content to be worth 25 bucks. The fighting was fun, but got repetitive, even for hack n slash standards. The singleplayer still needs work, but it's still playable. The story was pretty meh. I liked the direction it was going, but it never really picked up. I did like the looks of some of the levels, some of the scenary looks fantastic. And the designs of the Grimm look badass. (Mutant Beowolf is best grimm)I reviewed this game back in Early Access, and was pretty happy with the progress, but then the full release came out, and although I quite enjoyed the game, I do have plently of questions. Why release it now? Will there be more updates and content coming soon? Will there ever be a Horde Mode, a mode that was announced to come soon? All these questions, that I have no clear answer to.I would only reccomend this game to fans of RWBY, or fans of Rooster Teeth in general. This game has flaws, but I thought the game can be still enjoyable, especially when you bring friends along. Everyone else should probably consider thinking about it before playing this one.So overall, I don't regret buying this game. A flawed, but decent experience."
,Not Recommended,418340,24284560,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Pale0,"As a huge RWBY fan, this game actually dissapoints me quite a bit... There are good pieces, however the game is just lacking the depth and length it needs for a $24.99 full on release.The good:Co-opGame feels very responsive and fast.That's about it....The bad:Combat gets very repetitive VERY quicklyVery few enemy types (I believe only 8-9 including the final boss)Poor leveling systemOnly 4 characters (more probably released as DLC)Abilities feel useless when you find the OP one (not balanced)Boring, generic storyCombat doesn't make sense.... it almost feels like they were going for the Arkham games style here, but it just feels very wrong. If you ever get into danger in combat, you can just spam air dash to regenerate your health within a few seconds and continue fighting. The only times I died were when I got wombo-combo'd by the androids. The leveling system seems to be not that well thought out either, because it requires you to kill a certain amount of enemies with each ability to be able to level it fully. This either forces you to spam one ability and make the combat even less fun, or ignore it completely and not be able to level any of them fully (we're talking 300 kills with each ability). If you level up your heal rate, you can be full health in about 5 seconds out of combat. Tougher opponents don't feel tough, because 1 move will take 1/4 of their health after you counter their wind-up. This game in singleplayer took me about 3 hours to complete max, and there doesn't seem to be much replayability. I hit level 10 (max level) waaaaayyy before the final boss because the chess pieces you find will give you tons of extra XP that isn't necessary. This game just doesn't feel well polished, as there were areas that it didn't want me to go into, but still could because of the air dash, which ended up resulting in me finding more chess pieces that it didn't want me to have.As a huge RWBY fan, this game is a let-down, and I would definitely wait until the game is more well polished or more content is added for a $24.99 price point.4/10 below average."
,Not Recommended,418340,24354782,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Kiro,"I've been watching this game ever since Jordan Scott was the only one working on this (before he was hired by Rooster Teeth)So now, here it is! The ""full"" release.Here's what I think.- Story is fine, pretty mediocre.- Voice acting is top notch, since it most of them were already audio used in the show.- Graphics are quite close to the anime itself, which is good as low usage of memory will let people with lower pc specs be able to play the game.- The fighting styles are different, BUT their basic skill are very very common having one AoE skill and one that... isn't. (Team RWBY)- Decent video customization options, there aren't any much advanced options but there are some.- Full controller support, which is good for hack and slash games. However I heard some people saying that their Logitech controllers do not work. Might need someone to clarify that. (I'm using an Xbox 360 Controller)- Few updates, but they are working on it. They have a small development team and are trying their best as they are active and listening in the Steam discussions page.- Very repetitive. Hey team defend the control point! Okay, defend that control point! There's a rock in the way kill some grimm to magically remove it.- Super super short campaign. It's like one campaign of Left for Dead just about 40 - 60 minutes of the whole campaign.- Spoiler for the game's ending that I have to mention --->The explosion of the lab was really terrible.(It's been changed, its still pretty meh but its better than the last one)- If you don't know what RWBY is, you will not get the full experience (of course)- This isn't worth the price, there is little content to get here, only thing you can do is to play the campaign online and single player.- In my opinion, this isn't worth releasing it out of early access. It doesn't mean that the campaign is finished doesn't mean it should be a full release. It was rushed just to get it out of early access, and you can clearly see that from the ending that I have mentioned before.I'm a big Rooster Teeth fan, I really loved the RWBY, Red Vs Blue, Camp Camp and other series, but them trying to go for games with a small development team. I can't recommend this as of right now, but they are trying.TL;DRThe game is not worth of its price right now. Few content."
76561198165375974,Recommended,418340,24181279,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Frenzy,"Pros:-Good hard hitting satisfying combat-Easy to pick up hard to master combat-Good music-Decent variety in characters-Pretty art styleCons:-Short asf campaign-Very bare levels-Same level designs over and over (kill this kill that survive this many waves kill everything in this area to leave destroy this etc etc)Advice:-Only buy if your already a fan of the seriesDevelopers!-More characters are severly needed (Teams: SSSN,JNPR,CDNL,BRNZ,CFVY,STRQ etc etc)-New level designs more objectives the most unique mission objectives in the whole gaame were destroy the lab stuff at the end and collect dust for the cart to move the bomb in the beginning-Bigger campaign more levels more info we know Merlot is alive and we know he was experimenting on grimm but to what purpose?-Bigger customization options for characters (skill trees and aesthetic stuff aswell like costumes)-More unique fighting styles for each character so far each character has the same attacks almost literally albeit there own versions of them-Continuous combos maybe make it so you can just spam the shoot button and hold it to charge shot-Get more taunts customizable taunts-Get a currency you earn through playing the game unlocking acheivements and completing levels so you can buy the aesthetic stuff (skins, taunts etc etc)-MORE STORY!-Make a higher level cap and give players a better reason to want to rank up-Give the characters more moves more abilities and make them more readily available because it took me ages to figure out how to use the second ability that it was a tea moveOther than that a pretty solid game and I like itTL;DRHas it's good points and it's bad points more bad than good rn only buy if a fan of the show or so rich you have the spare cash and nothing else to spend it on. Pretty decent game has lots of potential but could be so much better"
76561198045165670,Not Recommended,418340,20850171,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Sir Ruffington,"At the point I played it I would not recommend this game, it is very simple and clunky.  Definitely not worth the price at the moment, maybe after more updates and features added but not at the moment."
,Recommended,418340,21245847,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Dark Raccoon,Great
76561198025492182,Recommended,418340,19446375,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Lumis,"tl;dr - Game shows potential, remembering that early access games aren't complete is important. Fun beatem up style, even for non-RWBY fans.Alright everybody, I'd like to preface this by saying I am in no way someone who reviews games on the regular. I probably don't know what I am talking about, but this is my opinion of the GAME (Not as part of RWBY).The feel of the gameplay mechanics seem very Dyntasty Warriors in my optinon. It's a beatem up game in which they throw many weaker enemies at you. Its fun to kill massive amounts of these creatures. Dispite being simplistic, the controls still allow for a good amout of diversity with the combos that you can preform. Most importantly is the 3 main abilities which are unique for the four characters. They all feel effective and worth using, although I have personally run into issues of larger creatures blocking the damage from them by attacking. Either way, people find what playstyle they want to go for, the abilities and level ups give you the option to focus more on a specific style of play. Contrary to popular beleif, your progress does save, your level does not. So when an unlock requires you to kill x amount of grimm, once you unlock that you don't have to re-unlock it later. As far a gameplay is concerned there are some issues that appear (Glitching and whatnot). However we have to remember that this is an EARLY ACCESS game. Meaning this review is based on this games potential.Graphically this game is beautiful, and dispite having many many invisible walls  you still feel as if you can roam around a little. I noticed some complaints about how the main characters looked. That they seemed flat, specifically in their hair. to me, thats the style they were going for. The sound effects need some toning down, as they are super loud, but that's an easy fix I would think. Of course the voice acting is good, although characterized.All in all i would recomend this game, I think it will be improved on by the developers as I have never known RoosterTeeth to slack off in anything they do. Give it a little more time and this'll be a very fun beatem up game to play with friends."
,Not Recommended,418340,24707935,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,[CN]Rina Leaf,"RTP(Rooster Teeth Productions) want you buy videos, and the game become to accessory. that's all you need to know.My faith is totally gone now."
76561198331415136,Recommended,418340,25537473,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,shadowsdengaming66,"i have only had the game for a little bit but i have one things so far, please allow for cntoroller function or the ability to change the controls that is all i can really say"
,Not Recommended,418340,26032816,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Kaossdemon,"Left unfinished. Empty levels, invisible walls, half-baked mechanics and skill system, laggy multiplayer, lack of enemy variety. Oh, and DLC as soon as it came out of early access"
,Recommended,418340,26472477,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,雑音ミク(Zatsune),"This game was the reason I made a steam account while back. The games gone through lot of changes, however I think overall, it turned out fairly well. Like all things there's good and bad bout it, but I think for the most part it has lot more good qualities then bad.Ill start with the negative aspects. The story is kindve short overall, it might take you 2-4hrs to beat. So, to unlock and level everything up you'll have to play things over and over. There is only 2 modes, campaign and horde mode. The combat could be better as the there are few combos, and finally when you rank up all your abilities reset, which makes sense, however its a pain to wait for people to die to get quick revive again.With all that said though, I adore the game. I'm a big rwby fan so I can look past the flaws and see what was inspired by a fan-made game. The difficulty in this game can be immense, but it doesn't have to be. Grimm Eclipse difficult during solo is always a fun challenge, and multiplayer horde mode was so tough they nerfed it in a patch. The variety of character move-sets keeps the game fresh until you've played them all several times. The multiplayer is fun and interesting to see how different people play. The player-base as well as developers are all supportive and mostly nice.I'm sure there's more I could say, however this is long enough as is, and you should just play the game yourself and see how you like it. If your a fan of RWBY and or like hack-and-slash games, then I find the game to be recommendable for you.~Z"
76561198051218253,Not Recommended,418340,25302984,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,🌸 ᏋᏬᏒᎩᏗᏝᏋ 🌸,What a shame the game has a lot of wasted potentials the final boss isnt even that good attack pattern is bland and now you guys are release dlc characters? please fix the upgrade of team rwby 1st the level 10 upgrade isn't that different from one another and further why are you guys selling rwby volumes when you can just stream it in ur youtube page or website?#StaphCashCowing
,Not Recommended,418340,33938569,Posted: 31 July,all,GraveRoda,"This game is not bad, but I cannot recommend this game at $19.99. If it is on sale then it is worth a glance at."
,Not Recommended,418340,24214811,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,SakuraSunrise,"""Should you play RWBY: Grimm Eclipse?"" is a question entirely relative to one's love for the show this game is based on. RWBY is a shonen anime-inspired American animated series created by the now deceased Monty Oum and produced by Rooster Teeth. It is an exeptional show that started off pretty mediocre and since has become increasingly exceptional. That sets the standard pretty high for this game which is at its base core is a low budget hack and slash.I should mention I bought this game in early access so I have how the game has evolved in the past and can speak to the ways the game has improved and how it has become worse.Story and Characters:The narrative is the least impressive part of this experience. If the writing team from the show actually wrote this then I will be surprised because the writing here is absolute trash. The new character, Dr. Merlot is your typical mustache twirling villain who is probably written so poorly so that they don't accidentally make a good villain that they can't use in the show. I have only played as Ruby Rose in the story so I can only speak to her dialogue but she seems pretty unperturbed by the events at hand and seems to never be concerned by anything. This could speak to her positiveness as a character prior to the end of season 3 of the show, but it still doesn't create much dramatic tension. Although some would argue that the point of this game is the gameplay and that the story shouldn't be that important since it is a hack and slash adventure, but to not even have created cutscenes for the game seems to imply that the developers didn't really try living up the narrative of the show in anyway, and there are certain visual effects at the end of the game that are laughable.Combat:Oh boy this next part is a doozy. Prior to the final release people who played the early access version had access to a the first five or so missions before a cliffhanger that wasnt resolved until the final release. This gave the devs enough time to answer feedback and then tweak the features. As so playing through those missions again in the final release was delightful... however after that the problems started surfacing as we got into uncharted territory. But for now lets look at the basic components (Keep in mind that I played with a wired Xbox 360 controller). There are two buttons for attacking. X for light attacks and Y for heavy attacks. Rather than have special attacks accessible only through holding down right trigger and a corresponding button like in early access, the final version implements combos that are pretty entertaining. Don't be expecting Bayonetta or Devil May Cry levels of flexibility, but be prepared for some cool looking and pretty entertaining attacks and a special move for each character used by pressing both shoulder buttons when the ultimate meter is filled up. There is a dodge/sprint button that can be used to avoid attacks and there is a counter function by using the B button, but these two functions are where my chief complaints lie. See in games like Bayonetta, when you press the dodge button... you dodge, but in Grimm Eclipse, the dodge button doesn't always work or at the very least it is unresponsive. As for countering, occasionally a prompt will pop up above an enemy's head and you can stun them by pressing B. There are two issues to this: The first is that the button doesn't always respond that well, much like the dodge, and the second being that some enemies will literally warp to you to complete their attack, even if they are off camera. There is a limited range, but it is a bit too generous to the enemies you are cutting down. To further analyze my issues with the combat I'd like to point out that in most action games of this nature, the developers with usually dedicate themselves to either dodging OR countering, and not always a button press away. Devil May Cry incorporates dodging with its lock on, sure, but Bayonetta's dodge mechanic is a simple button press and it still mangages to be increibly challenging. And if a developer incorporates both dodging and countering (Batman Arkam series or some Assassin's Creed titles) they usually are done much better, or at least tailor the controls better. This leads to another issue I have. The controls cannot be remapped to new buttons, and this is very annoying. While the mechanics I just mentioned definitely need to be worked on, changing the layout of the controller would help me circumvent these issues by being able to make the controls similar to other spectacle fighters like Bayonetta.Upgrade Mechanics:The upgrades in Grimm Eclipse consist of general upgrades to health, coop abilites, and the number of ultimate ability uses, as well as upgrades to the ultimate attacks themselves, and other special attacks achievable through combos or the characters' ranged weapons. XP is gained through the slaughter of enemies, XP orbs found in vases and crates, and artifacts shaped like chess pieces. Each character's max level is 10 and so you won't always be able to get every upgrade, but you can redistribute the points at any time which is a nice feature. The upgrade system could be tweaked but it's certainly the least offensive feature of this game.Miscellaneous (prepare for a lot of nitpicking):So the worlds are cool and all, but I feel like the proportions are really messed up. Like, You walk up to like a fence and the fence is ♥♥♥♥ing huge! like so huge that the people constructing the fence had to have used a lot of man power or machinery to build it, and yet didn't stop to think that maybe they should have used the obviously existant construction budget to build a fence that wasn't made of large wooden planks made to evoke a standard hand made wooden fence. Plus there are flowers that look huge. There are areas where the size of objects relative to the characters are better but that just makes the moments of misproportions even more crazy because of the inconsistency. Anyway small nitpicking aside, the environments vary from colorful and pretty to just dull.Final Thoughts:RWBY Grimm Eclipse is a fun mess of a game, but the fun part of that mess will probably only be apparent if you have watched the show and can appreciate these characters. The combat shows promise but just isn't as polished as other action games of the same ilk. If you like crazy action and want enjoy killing demonic creatures with big weapons and guns, then just play Devil May Cry or any of the Platinum Games archive of great spectacle fighters and only play RWBY if you already enjoy the show. So to conclude...SHOULD YOU PLAY RWBY: GRIMM ECLIPSE? NOIf the devs decide to make sequels, remake certain areas or add to the existing game, here are some things that I'd personally like to be added:1. Improved dodge and counter mechanics2. Customizable control mapping3. More combos4. Cutscenes or just a reworked narrative and script"
,Not Recommended,418340,24120797,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Cry out,Game is too short. The legend of korra game was longer and was much funner imo.pro's.RWBYsounds were ok.final boss music Red like roses part 2good face models.con's.button masherno cool cutscenes.no idle pose. only fighting pose.last boss is a darkstalker. the scorpion grim.repetive as hell too unlock ability 200 counter!? and 150 to 300 ranged attack defeats. its likea  chore casue alot of charcters ranged attack are soo weak. like yang's and ruby and blake.Game is TOO SHORT not worth 24.99. more like 14.99.lags even if ur computer specs surpasses recommended hardware. (AMD hardware i dont know about intel cpu's/ nvidia gpu's)not eough content to warrent another playthrough.you would think we would get some awesome animations that match teh show quality but nope u get no cutscene's.Verdict 5/10score should be 4/10 but since i like rwby i gave it a point.
76561198014938114,Not Recommended,418340,24176473,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Nova,Nothing improved compare to early access version
76561198098261833,Recommended,418340,22411244,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Sampai,"This game is very good for anyone who wants to get more of RWBY while waiting for the next season. The fighting isn't bad at all and i'm looking foward to more development, like more characters (please, please, PLEASE I want to play as coco or velvet) and more content overall. Already an enjoyable game, but i'm looking foward to the (hopefully) masterpiece that is coming at the end of this."
,Recommended,418340,21727824,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Ruby Rose,That...was....AWESOME!*heavy breathing*
,Recommended,418340,19496117,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Tyrrikz,This is a very good game and i love it. the controls are a pice of cake to learn. and also do hope its coming more to it.
,Not Recommended,418340,30839808,Posted: 30 March,all,anime,"as  an obscene man with a love for rwby comparable to my own BMI, i must  say this game is a  n insult  to one of the greatest   spectacles in entertainment history"
,Recommended,418340,19438561,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Lumber Jew,A outstanding game it is fun and enjoyable like the sho s but I wish they add more graphics options for grass cause grass lags me but other than that it's amazing :)
,Not Recommended,418340,25609220,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,TheEggmanCAN,Not enough content to play enough of...
76561198002825717,Not Recommended,418340,25402214,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,PopeVaderIV,"I really wanted to like this game, but there's a reason I only have 0.4 hours on my record: it didn't make me want to play more.  It's boring.  There's nothing to do.  The combat is the least rewarding combat I've experienced in a beat-em-up in quite a while; it doesn't feel responsive, it lacks impact, and it feels clunky.  Also, probably my main issue with the combat is that it's nothing like the show; in the show the combat is a spectacle, in the game, it's a grind, a slow, awkward grind not unlike a bad middle-school dance.TBF, I was hoping for a RWBY themed Bayonetta 3, which was an unreasonable expectation that the game couldn't hope to reach.  But I didn't think it'd miss by as much as it did."
,Not Recommended,418340,25472208,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,arx fucking sucks,"this game has sucked since the start but it always had more room to grow with time, the only growing done though is copy pasting the same enemy and same mission type over and over ago for about a 4 hour game and the worst and most predictable story progression of all time. the only fun part of the game is the exploitable combat systems and even that gets old after the first chapter. gameplay shows no change from the start to end, the storyline is boring and repeatative, the characters have no real feeling of individiality including the anthony burch tier of ""XD RANDOM IS FUNNI"" meme writing ever single character says after every little segment. 1/10 yang arms."
,Not Recommended,418340,26277712,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,ShadowKnight,this game is not like Dynasty Warriors and the game play just sucks. there are better games out their then this. said thing i play back from Early Access and still have not got better. Combat/controls  needs to get better or it's gonna be crap. i waste $20 on this and you don't get what you paid for.
,Recommended,418340,33983666,Posted: 2 August,all,Luna™,"Besides the lack of more story to play through and the small exploits you can find, this game deserves a thumbs up.Hint: Blake op (you will see why)"
,Recommended,418340,24214903,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,SoloYolo,10/10 best <3
,Recommended,418340,19493726,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,❤デコ❤,Great game to dedicate to RWBY fans. The story it gives immerses one into the realm of RWBY. I like the gameplay mechanics and the combat style. Cheers to the Rooster Teeth Games for making their fans happy.
,Not Recommended,418340,29885736,Posted: 12 February,all,OrangeAndMaroon,"I honestly wish I could recommend this, but I really can't. There's really no story, but tha's not too big of an issue- it's the gameplay and combat that most people (including myself) bought this for. And it for sure kept me entertained for many hours at the start. But it honestly gets repetitive very quickly. The combat isn't extremely engaging, there's no replay value, and the biggest issue is no reason for you to keep playing. Prestiging gets ridicously tedious and you lose progress to do it, but just for a cooler number. I get this is RT's first game, but they were many things that they needed to put in for this to be worth even 10 dollars."
76561198264317631,Recommended,418340,32234807,Posted: 7 June,all,Shadow Reaper,RWBY : Grimm Eclipse is a good game to buy and play with friends. It has achivment to get if your a collector for those. As a   ok storyline. DLC to buy and characters to grind and play as.
76561198042064779,Recommended,418340,22909702,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,WinterChill,"Absolutely amazing so far, depite the repeatative nature (due to limited levels being in beta, understandably) it's always fun and challenging. The different points systems means there's always new ways to set up and play, and with friends it's even more fun"
,Not Recommended,418340,34520022,Posted: 26 August,all,Qwazwak,"It started out well... It was going to be good.. But locking away gameplay behind a DLC paywall is a really ♥♥♥♥♥♥ thing to do.As for the game/gameplay?Well, it's not that great. I'd say its just below 'fine'"
76561198149122789,Not Recommended,418340,24149914,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,nub nub,waste of money
,Recommended,418340,24136050,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Amnitron,"(For Short Review, Scroll to the Bottom)Where to begin with a game like this. RWBY Grimm Ecplise is a simple hack-and-slash Co-op monster killing game. Towards the RWBY fanbase and community, this game allows you to indulge yourself into the beloved Roosterteeth Series whilst enjoying some basic gameplay.However,RWBY:GE does fall short in a lot of areas for a full release title. It understandable to assume that the development behind RWBY:GE isn't a large gaming company of development but by rather by a group of gaming developers, who intially started on RWBY:GE as fan-made personal project. Essentially because of this, many people are quick to call out on the large amount of shortcommings presented in this game.Story and CharactersThe story is generic and a bit bland which may deter people away considering the premise of the game being base around the Students of Beacon. Theres not much to say about the story other than to experience it yourself since it explores a different side of the RWBY show in its own way. As for characters, it is indeed enjoyable to here our favourite Roosterteeth Crew voice acting and Barbara's puns in the game, though after a point they become stale once you hear them over 100 times or so. Additionally, the Voice Sound settings game are severly quiet even at max volume settings.Though Seriously, Ruby's Taunt line ""Oh Yeah"" does not sound right for a young girl. :>GameplayDespite what people say, its not just about mashing buttons. Anyone who has ever played a hack-and-slash game will till you its never about mashing buttons. They're are combos and link attacks and they do reqiure a bit of learning to understand how the work first, before you can kill monsters without dying ever hit or so. The overall game speed is relatively fast with moderate reliance on audio ques (For Counters) and visual ques (orange/silver crossed swords for team attacks). You can play singleplayer, however the real enjoyment comes from playing online mulitplayer with other people. Difficulty and additional enemies increase depending on how many players are in the lobby.The upgrade/leveing perk system is evidently not pleasing to the eye. Unlocking variant perks by completing challenges such as ""Get X amount of kills"" or ""Get X amount of Counters"" is fine and understandable as it allows RWBY:GE to have Replay Value to compensate for its short Campaign. However this all becomes redundant with the purpose of Hunter Rank. Many Early Access Players would naturally be upset at this mechanic introduction as it progressing to a higher level Hunter Rank is eqivalent to ""prestiging"" in a FPS Shooter game. You lose all acculmated character growth and all individual Mastery Challenges are relocked and required to redo your progress all over again. This particular mechanic in my opinion is a bad thing, considering at the moment Hunter Rank offers no benefit other than a secondary counter to you name for bragging rights. (Until Hunter Rank offers more than just a 'number' there is no 'enjoyment' in ranking up)Another thing is game objective. At the moment, each chapter and mission objective is very straight forward, ""Get to here and Clear out enemies"" or ""defend this for X amount of waves"". The issue here is that, this is what you encounter into at least 10 times in the Campaign. There is not much variety in mission objective which in turn ultimatly cause a major flaw to this game. Doing the same thing over and over and over and over again can drive a person nuts, ya'know.Last but not least, the biggest fault I can find in this game is the 'Learning Curve'. The game throws you into the mission without any sort of help guide or tutorial for button controls. Albeit the controls are pretty easy to figure out; Click/ X button to attack, Space/A button to jump etc. Simplying pressing start and looking at help explains everything in a clear and easy manner.System and DataThe Menus and UI are very straight forwards and easy to navigate, However the HUD can be a slight issue. For Reference I play on 1920x1080 resolution Moniter, The HUD icons and visual ques are relative small and very easy to miss when i'm playing. This isn't as much of a problem for myself, though it may tick off others if they are OCD about completeing mastery Challenges or so.ConclusionRWBY:GE is fun, short and enjoyable game for the those well-vested into the RWBY show series. As a Game though it has a lot of shortcomings that is evidently the reason why so many people are upset with this game. However, it does not mean that you wont enjopy it for yourself. The game started off as fan project, got recognised byt RoosterTeeth and finally has a rough gem in the dirt avaiable for you to play.THIS GAME IS STILL IN ITS INFANT STAGESdespite the amount of time gone into development already. Unless you work for Bethesda or your Uncle works at nintendo, what right or knowledge experience do you have to judge this game at this stage with such a narrow mind?TL:DR - >>>Wait for Sale, then Try it<<<Do you like RWBY? Do you Like to play with friends or other RWBY fans? do you just enjoy a simple hack-and Slash? If Yes, you'll enjoy this game. If No, then atleast be open minded about this game. Its not Elder Scrolls. Its not Monster Hunter or a big title Triple A Game, but a fan-orientated project that was created for the sole purpose of entertaining those who watch RWBY.My Advice, wait for a Steam Sale, whether you are interested in this game or not. For $25, at this moment seems extreme considering what I've said. Maybe later down the track it'll live up to that cost, but for now, if it goes on Sale, the give it a go."
76561197968767597,Not Recommended,418340,25420335,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,artemiti,"If you want to buy this game, do it for these reasons... because you are supporting the developers, because you really like the show and want to fight like one of RWBY, because you like horde games and repetative button pushing, because short story mode games like Modern Warfare and Homefront are what really get your heart going...Don't buy this game at full price. Don't buy this game if you want more genuine RWBY story telling. Don't buy this game if you hate repetative action simulators.This game, at its core, is a piece of trash. It started as something that promised to be something akin to dynasty warriors or Hyrule Warriors. Instead, it only has those games in mind when they made it. They had so much potential to expand the storyline of RWBY and give the huntresses some real meat to their backstories. Instead, they pasted together some disjointed ""missions"" where your goal is always the same... Get from point A to B and defend it until all the hordes of minions of increasing volume and difficulty are all dead.The leveling system is rudimentary and incredibly simplistic and almost worthless once you learn the different combos all of the girls do. The dialogue is a non-entity, and the storyline is ridiculously shallow.In the end, this was a waste of money and time and I would not recommend this game to anyone."
,Recommended,418340,28887862,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Blackjack,"Overall, it is a pretty good game, although I hope you have a good computer.Pros:- Good, entertaining gameplay mechanics.- You can play as any of your favorite characters from Team RWBY, and, if you bought the DLC, JNPR as well.- Pretty easy to set up and play with friends.- Unlike many games, you don't need to worry when you mess up a character's skill points. You can respec them in between games, which refunds ALL skill points for no cost. Put the points wherever you want, and think about it later! XD- Pretty good graphics. Nothing revolutionary, but still pretty good.Cons:- Animation glitches sometimes.- Controls seem a little jumpy at times, although they are usually fine.- Aiming your ranged attack has no crosshairs or anything. Some home in though, so not a huge issue.- VERY COMPUTATIONALLY INTENSIVE. The lowest setting, ""Potato"" only barely works on my computer despite it being a 3.5 GHZ 10 core processor. While the graphics are good, they are not nearly good enough to warrant that kind of power draw. I can't imagine why on earth it would be so bad. Fallout 4 runs better on my computer.Lastly, the reason for many of the bad reviews is because if you do singleplayer, many of the enemies can stun lock you in corners making it so you cannot do anything until you die. This, however, is because the game is meant to be multiplayer. Usually, there would be other people who would be helping beat up said enemies, so they would not be able to do that. You can safely ignore any review that says such, as it means they probably don't understand how the game was meant to be played."
,Not Recommended,418340,29483888,Posted: 25 January,all,Memebot Csoffer.me,"as much as i would like to play this game again and again and again, its just not worth it. here is my summary why:1. the gameplay is really multiplayer based, without friends the game isnt very fun to play and gets repetitive quickly2. there is just NOT enough content to justify the price. 20 euro for the game and potentially 5 for dlc depending on if you buy it, but the game is playable in about 2,5 hours. and there is no extra content, these are the only missions. i mean heck you could even turn this game into a story game for all i know, make us chat with the characters to create the story similarly while fighting off enemies in the same nostalgic locations that we saw when the show started in 2013.3. very little progression, there is a level system from lvl 1-10 thats it, now you may argue its good because there are 4 (or8) characters to play through, but you probably wont play them all a lot because its so repetitive.conclusion: This game had SO MUCH potential but it got thrown out the window because reasons. i gladly support rooster teeth even if the game was 60 euro, aslong as it has the awesome content, locations and characters from the show, instead of a couple characters in a world we never saw before, yet isnt as interesting. Now i do want to mention that this game can be very fun with 2-4 people because the 2,5 hours i played with friends was a blast, but it just doesnt justify the price tag."
,Recommended,418340,19420428,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,BadassFreeman,"I decided to be one of those guys who insta-buys the game, so others can read early opinions of the game before risking buying it. So, is it good or bad? It depends.Are you a fan of RWBY? Do you like those ""Smash one key non-stop to win"" kind of games? You like to support good companies who actually tried to put an effort into an Early Access title? Then you should buy it(although, 15€ for this is a high risk for now).As I usually do, I'll start with the bad things of the game. First and foremost, look at how much I've played the game. Less than an hour. That's what it took me to finish it. I'm not joking, the ""campaign"" that there's already in the game is arround an hour long, which is kind of short for 15 DAMN €'S. Of course the game will get more and more as the game goes on, but I can't say this long enough, there will be some dumbass who'll buy it at full price and expect hours and hours of content. Of course, it's fun to play it with friends (I literally have noone to play it but stranges as I have no friends who bought it yet), but you can only play something so much times before it eventually gets repetitive: It needs more content, fast. The story that there's on the game is actually good, and impressive for Early Access levels, but I just hope it doesn't take the devs 3 months for each new story.Second, the characters. Don't get me wrong, I like the RWBY characters, but having only 4 is kinda weak. There's another team of 4 characters which could be insanely fun to have here, and if you saw the series, YOU KNOW WHICH GUYS I'M TALKING ABOUT. I just want to make sure to make the devs know it: the game NEEDS more characters. That being said, the characters already on the game, being Ruby, Yang, Blake and Weiss are cool enough. Specially Yang, of course. I haven't yet seen Weiss ingame as noone picked her, but I bet she's also fun. Also, they look great, taken directly from the show. Oh and, one other thing... When characters talk, the subtitles don't advance. A lot of lines are too long to fit on the screen, and get stuck on limbo. Fix that, please: non-english speakers will have A LOT OF TROUBLE OTHERWISE!The third thing I'll comply about, are the enemies. I know, it's a Dinasty Warriors-kind of game... But that doesn't mean it shouldn't be original. There are a bunch of enemies taken from the show, but not much variety. Some boar-like monsters that spin and charge like Sonic, the Grunt-like monsters that don't do much unless they come in packs, the Beowolfs that do some sort of plunging attack with their claws, Bear-like Grimms that for some reason, stomp the ground hard enougnh rocks explode, and later on some green beasts that explode. The main complaint with this is that once you find out their weakness, dying is a joke. It should also say, there are no real bosses. There's a big guy with tons of HP, but he acts just the same as the bear Grimms, which was kind of a dissapointment.The last bad thing I see, is on the skill-tree and XP system. First of all, XP is given to however gets the killing blow, or finds XP orbs hidden in crates (XP from artifacts is shared). Now, why does it work like this? It should at least be shared, meaning the killing blow gives 100% XP, and helping gives from 75 to 25%, depending on how much damage you did to it. Right now, you can just spam your skills when things go low and take it all for yourself. That being said, the Skill-tree needs some work. As there is no tutorial, you can't now right off the bat what the characters do, that's a problem. While adding a Tutorial could help a lot, I think you guys are going the wrong direction: I believe levels should be global and unique for the character. Meaning, you reached LVL2 with Yang, you'll be LVL2 with Yang even if the game ends. That would give the game A TON of more replayability, as games could become eventually harder and harder. Also, it should have two skill-trees at the same time: One of passive abilities such as ""Having more HP"" or ""Saving people faster"", but also adding increased power and HP with levels and skill-points, and another for your actual skills.All of that being said, what do we have left? A game that willprobablybe something great... But right now it's more like a demo. It's hard to tell if the game will or not be great right now, but it does look like the Devs placed a lot of effort on it, so I'm going to stay positive about it.The voices are just great. The graphics are simple, but cool. The models look great, as they have been ripped from the show. The game can be entertaining for a while, as it's quite simple. The maps look great, although I did find an area on the last map with some sort of glitch that the devs over-looked.Is it worth it? As I said, it depends. If you have 15€ to spare and want to help a good Early Access game grow, jump right ahead. If you're a fan of RWBY like me, you'll find it good enough. Otherwise, you mind want to wait for more updates. Oh and, I'll try to update this as things get added in, of course.And please, Devs. ADD RED VS BLUE REFERENCES. I MEAN COME ON, I KNOW YOU CAN'T PHYSICALLY ADD CABOOSE TEAM-KILLING PEOPLE BUT AT LEAST SOME SORT OF CAMEO OR REFERENCE!"
,Not Recommended,418340,24118376,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Sekerali,took down my review and made a new one.Cons:-Too Easy-No variety-Game is miniscule-Gameplay really boring-Skills are boring and uninteresting-Left early access unfinished so there goes the 'potential' arguement-Invisible barrier heavy-Lack of combos-Coop makes game even easier-Same enemiesPros:-Looks nice-Animations feel nice-Nice framerate-Can be completed under 2 hours and refundedT/D: the games enjoyment is equivalent to spending your money on HD stock photos
,Recommended,418340,24243997,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Shizu,"I was desperately wanting to get a Steam card ever since the game came out. It was the reason I finally bought a game. It was even my first purchased game! (Usually stuck to free to play games.) I absolutely love the RWBY show, but... I have mixed feelings for the RWBY game...Pros1.)You can play as the charcters on Team RWBY!2.) You can level up your characters and unlock cool skills!3.) You can hear the RWBY characters speak~ (Yang's puns/jokes! Yes!!! I love them~)4.) So far I haven't seen anything that shows you need to pay to win in this game!5.) You don't have to worry about your gear being worse than everyone else's gear.6.) Multiplayer Options. Going solo mode is boring and can get tiring fast, but I found that doing multiplayer mode helps a bit with that.7.) Speaking of multiplayer runs, the game offers an option to invite your friends to a private one!8.) The other multiplayer run you can do is the Quick Group option. If you have no friends or your friends don't have the game... (Like me~) You are able to join a group with random people who are also playing in Quick Group.Cons1.) Sometimes it's difficult to play in multiplayer since some people rage when new players make a mistake. Of course, this isn't the game's fault, but just be aware that it could happen. (This is true for every game with a multiplayer option though!)2.) It seems a little repetative and can get boring. All you do is a get a message from your scroll, kill some grimm, have a small break to find artifacts/xp boxes, kill some grimm waves, and repeat.3.) Limited character choices. The only avaliable characters are the RWBY teammembers. Blake is my favorite character, but I would also love to try others like Pyrrah or maybe even Nora!4.) Can't costomize your character! I wish I could change their outfits...5.) No tutoral! You have to figure out what everything does on your own!6.) You have a low level cap (it's 10).7.) After level 10 you can trade all your xp for rank 1 which is great, but... I do all that work just to go up one rank? It's a lot of time to level up all your characters to max, but would be cool if they would give a bonus reward (Maybe they could have it so you unlock other characters after each rank. The requirements to complete for ranking up get harder each time and I'd love an additional reward for the effort put in~)8.) Speaking of the ranks.. There's no real incentive for going up the ranks other than a fancy achievement. (Beacon Graduate is only unlocked after reaching Rank 10!?)I would recommend this game if you have patience. There will be times you can have issues with teammates or you get bored of doing the same thing over and over. I can't tell you if you would enjoy the game unless you actually try it, though. And I do recommend you try it for yourself and see what you think! (Plus, I'm still new to the game and this is my first review of a game so I can't say I'm an expert at judging.)"
76561198184868273,Not Recommended,418340,19491435,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Cool Guy,"i started the game and yang threw a joke hilarious then i played the game and my opinion changed.Now with the game out, its so sad. i have seen the entire series so i had high expectations for this game, i bought it from early access and it was pretty dull but i kept telling myself is ok is an early access this is expected but at the end so many things were left without any solutiones like team rwby balance and the lack of different types of monsters its just too repetitive im pretty sad to have to give this game a bad review."
,Not Recommended,418340,23406715,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,44444444444444,Give...original...models...back!
76561198040811717,Recommended,418340,19420996,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Cyber_Freaksh0w,"I got to play the beta of this at RTX 2015 and even got to play the original version before Rooster Teeth had decided to take it on board.And let me tell you, this game has come a long, long way.There are some small glitches in the walking animation sometimes, and the lack of a targetting button makes it a little difficult to keep track of who you are fighting. But those are my biggest issues. Which is, honestly, not much of an issue. These things will most likely be fixed in the days to come. But over all this game is a lot of fun. Beating down on the Grimm is satysfying, the characters all have their voices, each one plays very differently from the others, the environments are beautiful, and the combat is fantastic.If you like the series, definitely worth picking upIf you don't know RWBY, I'd suggest watching the series and see if you enjoy it before getting in this."
,Not Recommended,418340,31597928,Posted: 7 May,all,Pathfinder,"Poor menu system, no rebindable keys"
76561198107359569,Recommended,418340,24120656,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Edward Panzer,"alright , well its time to dig into this game,Pros--fun-esay-its RWBY-cute-the combat feels good-the devs listen a lotCons--the game shouldnt be out yet (there is still a TON of work that needs to be done)-Updates are slow to come out (this isnt really a bad thing)-not a lot of content-skills are limited-gets boring after a while(this can be a hard think to fix)-only team RWBY (this isnt a bad thing but the devs make it sound like there where going to be more than just team RWBY)over all , the game is fun but its not ther yet the devs have a ton of work to do and i hope they can pull it off soon or the game might die."
,Recommended,418340,19925763,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,leon,its fine
,Recommended,418340,19894353,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,NiGHTS Into Wet Dreams,"It's like Hyrule Warrior's, but with a protaginist that knows how to speak."
,Recommended,418340,19441458,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Jtz001,"Mechanically solid but there isn't a whole lot here yet. The combat, skill mechanics for the 4 current characters (Ruby,Weiss,Blake,Yang) are all awesome and super fun to play.  Maybe I haven't been able to successfully navigate to more content but from what I can tell there are only 4 levels(that must be played in one continuous session or you reset). Various other bugs including super loud audio for sound effects that you can't turn down other than going into your system tray. Honestly I think the game will end up good but right now unless you really like the series you should know what you're getting into. I really doubt that rooster teeth would allow this game to end up bad as its the only game they have to their record and RWBY is one of their most popular series.Ill edit this in the future but this review was made just after launch on Dec 2nd 2015."
76561198150764432,Recommended,418340,19467885,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Neko,"this is an amazing game. ive been waiting for this game for a while now and i absolutly love it. a few peoples reviews say that it makes no sense, but its not the story of the game. its the fact that its RWBY. only die-hard RWBY fans like myself get that the game has almost nothing in the way of story right now, but its the fact you can play as your favorite main charater from the show.ALL RWBY FANS SAY AYE!"
,Recommended,418340,19467266,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Tanya Degurechaff,"I don't have as much time as some people played into the game, but I feel solid with how I feel about it.Also, heads up, I've never watched the series, so this is 100% not a fan review.PRO's:Gameplay is fun and addicting in my opinion, I've played as all the charcters and it definitely boild down to your play style, I like Ruby, just sayin'.Controls on an Xbox One controller feel good, takes a little bit to get used to, and there's a thing I'd like to see added, but I'll talk about it later.Environments look beautiful, and are well done, as well as the characters.Supports plenty of resolutions for my 16:9 aspect ration monitor, natively 1080p but lately I've been running it at 1440p and the game supports it.No connectivity issues (So far)The game is very responsive with each button press, and I expect no less from the type of game this is, kind of reminds me of DMC, a little bit, definitely hack-n-slash.CON's / Suggestions:Animations, when going down a hill or down anything of the sort, your character decides to slide, once on level ground or going up hill it's fine, not a huge complaint, if anything just an issue that can be resolved.No ranged weapon lock-on system, it'd be nice to have that, if anyone was a Phantasy Star Universe player I'd think RB on the Xbox controller would work nicely as the lock on, even for melee attacks it would be handy. Though on PSU it was LB but I think RB isn't being used on this game so there's a use, gimme lock on.I'd like to see more levels, and maybe a PvP type arena. (Or PvP and Levels could be DLC)More characters, yes please. (Maybe another possible DLC)If at all possible, outfit variations, or completely different outfits, either to unlock by completing certain criteria, or DLC, or both. Mainly to descern who is who more easily, which I did have a problem with because I could barely read everyones Steam ID unless I was standing about 15 feet away (Totally a guess).CONCLUSION:I love the game and where it's headed so far, even if some of the suggestions I've said don't get implemented, I enjoy the game, and I've never watched the series! So as far as $15 is concerned, I'd buy it, well I did, but that's besides the point, one it's Rooster Teeth, I used to watch their Red Vs Blue series, LOVED it, this game, I think they'll be keeping up with it, and I know a lot of people stay away from Early Access games. It's fun, buy it, play with some friends, no friends? Make new ones who play it. Enjoy.Rating: 8/10Would touch Ruby again."
76561198189099647,Recommended,418340,19467581,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Ghost Nappa,i love the game and i honestly dont see anything wrong with it except for the fact that it is really short but that is to be expected from a game this early and please add more teams and please dont let there be more than one of the same character its really annoying
,Recommended,418340,19466104,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Micos,"For an early access game, Grimm Eclipse is very enjoyable. I personally cant wait till there is more content and possibly more characters to play. If there was even a story mode i would be even more amazed. Overall in the game's current development state, its a god game."
,Recommended,418340,19688945,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,NostalgicHipster,"While it may be still in development, this game has LOADS of potential, and someone who doesn't even know what RWBY is about can enjoy it. Although there are some technical issues, these can be resolved in the future. 8/10P.S. I'm waiting for team JNPR to be added. Do it m8s."
76561198195066328,Recommended,418340,19471841,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,GiesterJagerGaming,"If I didn't know it was an early access game, I would have thought it was a game that had been in the works for a while. I already told my friends to go get it! It's worth your money. This game has so much potential to become even better than it is now! Totally recommend it for those who have,will, and are watching RWBY! If there was one thing I would suggest to be added to this game is some sort of targeting system to help with the otherwise amazing gameplay!"
,Recommended,418340,19689772,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Aunt Jamimah,It's really fun and a good game actually its just short now cause its early access. I came from the show series and its awsome. Would definitly recommend this to other RWBY fans
,Recommended,418340,19440679,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Uzume,"Really fun game, even with only 4 level at the moment. This game has a lot of potential and is looking really good for what is planned for it :)Cant wait for more great things from this game :)"
,Recommended,418340,19984300,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Shado Wolfscar,Amazing game. im ging to tell all my friemds about it bt is there a way to make it compatible to run faster for those of us that don't have the best internet or RAM
76561198243207676,Recommended,418340,21094407,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Raximous Prime,"This game still has a long way to go, but im definitly satisfied with the 15 dollars i spent, cant wait to see what roosterteeth has in stored for this and would definitly recomend it"
,Recommended,418340,19982429,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Deku,"The show that this game is based off of is one of the greatest experiences that my eyeballs have witnessed? Now a game that lets me play as one of the four title characters? Don't mind if I do. This game has a great idea and it is going in the right direction. What I, and many people want is the ability tto be other characters that are on the show. I hope this gets puut into the final game. I would love to see how the game progresses and I can't wait until the final game comes out."
,Recommended,418340,21811525,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,ShkaiTmyueas,"If your a RWBY fan, I recommend this game. The game is still in a beta with a few bugs here and there but its still fun to play."
,Recommended,418340,19471255,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,PunnyBunny,"Lives up to the show wonderfully, and manages to be the start of a really good game at the same time"
,Recommended,418340,19991409,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Vintage Sniper,"This game is damn cool, I know it's early days, but we could do with more campaigns and a story mode...but we shall see what the future holds for this game."
76561198258752837,Recommended,418340,21235059,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,xKnilx,Only one mission but it looks great.The combat is fluid and the game plays very well.  I'm looking forward to all the new updates in the future.
76561198071983699,Recommended,418340,19725034,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Warwolf6,Awesome game. Way to go RT.
76561198081053551,Recommended,418340,23983476,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Don't worry bE happy,"作为一款动漫改编的游戏，能拥有现在的这种成果已经非常喜人了，不过还是缺乏一些新意。社区的好点子一抓一大把，建议考虑下。For a game based on an anime, this is more than satisfying. However the game do lack some fresh ideas that will lure players interests. The communities have tons of great ideas waiting to be explored, and I am sure that they are willing to share them so they can see them in the game. Please consider them."
,Recommended,418340,21314469,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,What? Fezzes are cool....,"Honestly, it's a very fun game. It has its flaws, it has its glitches and weird things, but if you like dynasty warriors-esque combat and RWBY, you'll enjoy what it has to offer. I am greatly looking forward to what the devs put out with later updates, although I am really hoping it stays closer to the dynasty feel rather than the modern era Arkham/AssCreed combat that devolved into waiting for the counter symbol to pop up on the enemies."
76561198214921088,Recommended,418340,19686232,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,torritomma,Incredible game so far! It's everything I hoped for in a RWBY game. Keep up the good work guys!
76561198042536157,Recommended,418340,20451458,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,RedSkyRising,"This is a great beginning for the development of this game, I would personally like it if team JNRP was added in days to come, but great work so far!"
76561198193961398,Recommended,418340,19688706,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,BEESTG,i love this game
76561198066262867,Recommended,418340,19787779,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Noble,"A very fun hack-and-slash style game that, although playable in singleplayer, is best when playing with others.If you are a fan of RWBY, it is a definite reccomendation to play, especially with such a solid game even in early access."
76561198096159960,Recommended,418340,21071924,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Conohue,Love it
,Recommended,418340,21102339,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Tanya Degurechaff (Evil)(CRSL),So fun
76561198001196763,Recommended,418340,21312917,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Pillzbury,Definetly FunThe characters sound great and come directly from the show is its not the same voice actors im surprisedgame looks decent for a beta gameplay through the story is fun and engagingchallenging enough to draw you in without making you frusterated or boreddrop in and out is smoothGame definetly is in BETA though it can be pretty choppy and needs chapter selection and some characters seem to need a little balencing but all are still very fun to playVery excited to see the final product.  If you really want to support the creators go ahead and pick it up if you are not into beta things that still need work throw this on your wish list and wait its going to be awesome.
76561198012371813,Recommended,418340,21179132,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Vzzdak,"For an early access title, this is quite playable. You'll understand the background of the game if you've watched the series (i.e., the Rooster Teeth youtube channel).PROs[+] Starting a game is easy; choose a character, then join or create a group[+] Each character has a variety of abilities to experiment with[+] Each character has advanced skills that will unlock after you've demonstrated prociency with the basic skills[+] There is good game balance that scales well if you have less than four players on your team[+] Though playing solo is doable, the game really shines when you have a full rwby team because each character carries strengths that, when combined, become quite effective against enemies.CONs[-] To find people that you've previously played with, you'll need to add players as friends through the Steam interface. However, such players won't show up on Steam's ""Recently Played With"" tab, so you'll need to note the player names within the game.[-] There might be an issue with occasional d/c's from the server (see notes below). I find that I can be playing for a good long while, but suddenly find myself scrambling to rejoin. Note that you'll need a Steam friend on the team in order to find your team.[-] Keeping in mind that this is early access, the game currently consists of a sequence of game areas that build an overall story, complete with cut scenes. However, since this is only ""Chapter 1,"" you'll be playing this chapter...and having fun...but you'll be getting somewhat familiar with this chapter after a few playthroughs. Just so you know.NOTEs1. There aren't dedicated servers, so when you host a game, your system is the server. This might be an issue if you've joined a host that gives you bad latency (i.e., causing you to d/c).2. Currently, when you start a game from scratch, all your experience is reset, and you will need to accumulate experience to earn skill points to allocate. However, special unlocked skills will remain unlocked between game sessions; you just need to earn the skill points to spend."
,Recommended,418340,21139843,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,StealthToast1,My proudest fap
76561198063592608,Recommended,418340,19912596,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Madoka,Love it! For the one hour of content it gave me it wasn't bad.
76561198015229979,Recommended,418340,19689977,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,patyos,"RWBY: Grimm Eclipse currently in early access has 1 campaign available  and its a  co op action game , with a skill sytem and a combo system .Skills can be unlocked  by clearing challenges for them for each character .The game in its alpha state doesnt have much to keep you playing long other then hidden collectables  as artifacts  that give EXP bonuses to make it easier to level up and some alternate routes to have some variety when doing multiple playthroughs ."
76561198153247486,Recommended,418340,19693806,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,✪ Kazuma,I like it but it delays when you connect to other servers exept your but its still new so im fine
,Recommended,418340,19448324,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,DrakeThePanda,"Some people started this game with a bang... I started this game with a Yang. Overall a great game, could always use improvement, like the character models. PUNCH PUNCH PUNCH PUNCH!!"
76561198088526959,Recommended,418340,19492024,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Memeologist,Great Potential!
,Recommended,418340,21260171,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Helmlord5792,"Some small probems but other-""Weiss"" it is fun. :D"
,Recommended,418340,21267998,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Garbageday,"I've only recently gotten into the show, and when I saw there was a game in the making, I thought the action of the show would be perfect for a game. I immediately bought the game and played through it. After playing through the first campaign, I can see that this game has a lot of potential for players who are new to the show or fans. I'm not saying this game is bad in any way, but in my opinion, the game is not worth the price in its current state. In its current state, its very basic (Which is understandable for an early access game), but it is that potential that really is pulling the game up and giving this game the recommendation. Reading over the list of what's supposed to be in the next update, a lot of the problems I had with the game are being addressed. The main problems I had with the game now is that the combo system is very basic, and the levels of the first campaign are very similar.  With the basic combo system of the game, every character playes the same. With the type of game that this is, similar characters are understandable, however, making each one unique in their own way adds more replayability to the game, and it would complement the show since each character has a different fighting style. And with the objectives, they are mostly moving through a level and defending a point from a few waves of enemies and an escort mission. Again, this is a very early build, but I hope that the objectives get fleshed out, maybe adding epic boss fights with large Grimm or characters from the show.But like I previously stated, some of these problems are being addessed, and in my opinion, the asking price is too much for the amount of content avaliable.But please keep an eye on this one. It has the potential to be great."
76561198042084609,Recommended,418340,21159153,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,yloyd,The game was fantastic but it is really small!! And i finished it alone in no time!! I would like to see more content and combo skills
76561198127998493,Recommended,418340,21035516,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Doomrider,
,Recommended,418340,20784749,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,JDWAG,"10/104 player Co-opGrill charactersStill needs plenty of improvement thouGame doent run on potato pc, trust me if you have a potato pc just dont..Make it that we dont use same character, 4 Ruby in a game is ♥♥♥♥ed-ITS ♥♥♥♥ING WORTHED-"
,Recommended,418340,21001189,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Fullmetal,"Great Game. A Lot of fun playing, I can't wait until they add more levels to it."
76561198128014676,Recommended,418340,24048340,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,codesubir,"Good gameplay. not very deep system but simple and nice, there are few environmental bugs here n there but  not game breaking. but itd be nice if they fix it(like char going below the ground in some areas and in stage 4-1 last part the player can go through the fence near the cliff area)Overall 6/10 (Due to lack of proper story cutscenes)"
,Recommended,418340,21743500,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Penny,"So here's my thoughts on RWBY: Grimm Eclipse [Combat Revision]First of all, [Combat Revision] would be an awesome name for a stand. Secondly, lets see the Pros and Cons:Pros:Awesome new combat system, I felt the old one was a bit too hasty and could never find the correct skill button in timeEncountered as much bugs as SETI aliens, thought there was one time but still not sureNew camera systemC-C-COMBOS!Some places were redisgnedNot screwed by Cinder in any way!Cons:Not screwed by Cinder that way.The aforementioned Camera system is a bit wonkySome places were redisgnedFor Oobleck's sake, not enough CFVY!Well, for now that's all. Oh wait! To not just be some jerk telling what's wrong with the game, here, some suggestions how to make it better!Obviously, most of all, right now the wonky camera system is my issue, I'm gonna take down the mouse sensitivity by a lot, still, I think the camera handling would be better if you could set the camera to be not independent from the character, e.g.: The character turns with the camera, would help a lot on us, FPS fans. If you make this option a tickable box then even those whom would have an issue with this option, couldn't whine. Oh! And of course, we need some CFVY now, or JNPR, either way it is a cool game, despite it isn't complete yet, which to say, not bad considering the team's size. Nevertheless I recommend this game, to those whom like Hack 'n' slash games or anime styled games or just RWBY in general."
76561198171331922,Recommended,418340,24058401,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Sonicslate,i dont normaly like this type of game but this game changed my mind good work RTgames
,Recommended,418340,24063471,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,AairBear,This is purely a fun game. I am huge proponent of the hack and slash genre and an avid lover or the RWBY franchise and this game delivers on both of those things wonderfully.I'm still writing this review pre-release so I am still experincing a few bugs but luckily nothing game breaking.The story is great.All the original cast from the show is here and doing great as always.Game mechanics feel responsive and polished.The game is absolutely worth your money.
76561198192192622,Recommended,418340,21741675,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Naes_TCK,"Rooster Teeth fix the camera for the combat revision, because I can't see where I'm goingOther than that great game, combat revision beta and the other versionBUY THIS GAME, I'M NOT SPONSERED AT ALL...you murder tons of animals... that's grimm"
76561198269858117,Recommended,418340,22878022,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,_EmberCelica_,The Game is great so far but I was just wondering when it will be released for Macbook?? Or if it will be? Thanks for reading ^-^
,Recommended,418340,19468914,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,REXXltm,"An awesome game. There's a lot that needs to be done and there's not much but for an early access game it's so much fun. Totally worth $15, and very well done"
,Recommended,418340,22222791,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,MrGladrenso,"A really fun game, you can just relex and have fun while playing it. If you are a fan of the series you will enjoy it even more :D"
,Not Recommended,418340,22268479,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,;;,"I originally wrote a nice review about how amazing and fun the game is. Time has changed.The game is very very boring alone. I don't have many friends to play with, and I tried playing it but gave up after the first 20 minutes. It's the same thing, over and over again. Rush into some place, attack grimm and job done. With friends I imagine it's a little bit more fun but I can't see it being great. The price is too much for what you get here. Also team JNPR will be DLC.Buy it on sale if you can or don't bother at all. As I hardcore fan of RWBY it upsets me to say how much of a fail the game turned out to be."
,Recommended,418340,19447572,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Emperor,"This is a great game for both, die-hard fans of the show and newbies. There are a few cons to everything though and my main concern was the nonexsitence of the main volume control. Its always loud however you can turn down the voice volume and music volume. Another one of my problems with the game was the running animation.It was very janky but that can be fixed easily. One last final concern I had was the fact that the Xp gain for whatever character in a game doesnt save and I dont know if thats intentional but it kinda bothers me after playing for an hour to rank up a character and fiind that next game it isnt there.Overall great game and I recommend and hop you play it. Also the lowest quality setting is called potato. I just found that hilarius in a game."
76561198078059032,Recommended,418340,19447598,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Video Game Nerd,"This game is something to behold thats for sure. But where do i begin? The game it's self plays smoothly and fluently with the ocasional graphical glitch here and there but besides that the game has a rather unique fighting and leveling system.The fighting is kind of like an MOBA but with the touch of your average fighting game with one default combo that can be ended with a signature move. The special moves are something that really cought my interest, they're all different and have a certain litte touch to them that make it so well, special!The leveling system is the usual system beat enemies get XP same old same old, but in this there are artifacts hidden all around the levels that'll help you level up, you can also get some free XP by finding it in crates, other than that it's the same.The characters are something good to, it isnt just the same person with a different skin, each character is uniqe, for example Weiss is a squishy character that can do massive amounts of damage to single opponents unlike Ruby who can do moderate damage to an area of enemies.Also want to point out one of the video settings is called 'Potatoe'The game is outstanding for early access BUT it does have some things that could be fixed, for example when moving the character, upon stopping you'll still be doing the running animation, not that bad but really annoys me and others probably, the difficulty is unbelievable, especially when playing with friends and there isnt a way to change it, you cant save your progress and the story mode is really short so far, took me and my friend an hour to beat it so yea that could be fixed but other than that the game holds great potential and will hopfully live up to the hype.I give this game 7.3/10"
,Recommended,418340,19482190,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,eFlauros,"This game shows a lot of promise, even in it's early access state. It's extremely fun, especially with 3 friends, and for it to be this early access, it's very impressive. There aren't really any noted game-breaking bugs, there are a few balance issues and mechanic issues, but overall it's fairly solid. The only primary issue is that there is no in-game sound effect slider, which leaves gameplay to be eardrum-blowlingly loud. On first startup, game music and voices are also very loud, but in the options there is a spot to turn down the volume, but for sound effects there isn't, so they stay extremely loud.Many other fans and I would certainly love to see a patch allowing better sounds control ASAP."
76561198123679667,Recommended,418340,19487498,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,PickleRickShadow,Super Fun!!!!  Ive anticipated this for a while. Thank you Rooster Teeth!!
,Recommended,418340,19487954,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Pringles On My Tea,Alot of potential for the future here
,Recommended,418340,19490215,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,NightRaven,"Time for this King to review this gem, known as RWBY: Grimm EclipseRWBY is a franchise that has become increasingly popular, and on top of the added pressure of finishing the production and distrubution of Volume 3 of the animated series after the creator, Monty Oum, rest his soul, passed away they have also begun putting time and effort into this gem of a game. With the ever-increasing fanbase RWBY has Rooster Teeth have some high expectations to reach for many people who are part of this fanbase including myself. Usually I personally don't touch Early Access games but this has been an exception especially after it broke several records in the Steam greenlight section and I have come out pleasantly surprised. Here are some things I have found about the game so far;The good....Multiplayer Functionality- Now this is something I will admit I was genuinely surprised with. RWBY: Grimm Eclipse has an incredible amount of work put into multiplayer functionality, matchmaking systems and so on to the point I have experienced no problems with it, nor have any of my other friends who play this game. This is an amazing feat for a complete work let alone something in Early Access so I applaud Rooster Teeth for creating such a smooth multiplayer experience.Adaptive Difficulties- I was concerned going into this game, having seen a screenshot of the options menu that it would be ""one-difficulty-suits-all"". During gameplay I had several people leave the party and new members re-join and each time someone left or joined the difficulty had adapted to a level that was beneficial for all players, not to hard and not to easy.Voice Acting- If you're a fan of the animated series, you know just how wacky some of the characters can be. This game truly captures the personality of the characters we have come to love, and incorporate it into the dialogue of the game. If anything I wish there was a bit more dialogue, which there probably will be once the full version is released but the dialogue currently in there is everything I could have hoped for.Hack and Slash Aspect- This game, is without a doubt a Hack-and-Slash game. If you don't like games where you are constantly moshing you're mouse to swing/fire your weapon then this game just isn't for you. Rooster Teeth have done a great job with the weapon and general fighting animations. Understandably though, as the game is in Early Access, the animations are limited and I sincerely hope that Rooster Teeth adds more in coming times.Story- To be honest I've never been a fan of Hack and Slash games as I find they rarely have a story that is truly immersive. RWBY: Grimm Eclipse however does appear to have a good in-depth story behind it. Being Early Access only a very small amount is known about the story but what there is, is enough to pique my interest.Levelling System- The levelling system in the game reminds me much of a MOBA levelling system. As you advance in levels you gain ability points and spend ability points on what skills are available or to upgrade existing skills. The skill tree is also nice and easy to understand so there is little confusion.And the bad.....Aura Bar- The Aura bar, this game's Health Bar, is very sketchy. Depending on what level you are and what skills you choose one hit from enemies can completely bring down your Aura bar to nothing, but you can continue to take another 10 hits or so even after it's empty. You would think once your health reaches 0 it actually means 0.Options Menu- As of this time the options menu is incredibly basic. The two main problems I have with it is whenever I launch the game it resets my resolution settings, so I have to change it every time I launch the game. The second thing I wish would be different with the options menu is that we could customize key bindings. The keys to use are displayed in-game as part of the UI but there is currently no options to customize them.Subtitles- Subtitles are switched on by default, and as a gamer and a King I do enjoy my subtitles. Unfortunately the one issue I do have with them is when the dialogue passes the first lot of subtitles and should then go onto the next lot to cover the next lot of dialogue that is being said, it doesn't change. Meaning the subtitles stay the same throughout the entire dialogue when it should have changed several times.ConclusionFor an Early Access game and a fan of the series it has surpassed my expectations and more. I commend Rooster Teeth for the effort they have put into this game in recent times. The gripes I have with the game are only small, and are only a result of the game still being in Early Access, and I feel the good outweighs the bad exponentially. If you're not a fan of Hack'n'Slash then I wouldn't recommend this game to you. But if you don't mind that genre of games, or if you are a fan of the series then I can whole-heartedly reccomend this game and that it will definitely be worth the $15 in the long run and even initially.Review by King Henry the VIII""We had vegans in the 16th century too. We called them peasants."""
76561197998099312,Recommended,418340,19490391,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,inter2fold,"Decent game but very unbalanced.  As the description said, it's a co-op hack'n'slash and I think therein is its problem: the repetitive predictability of hacking and slashing.  It reminds me of Dynasty Warriors (although minion enemies are way more active/aggressive) where the gameplay emphasis is overwhelmingly on button-mashing melee with the occasional spice of abilities thrown in.  In fact, the (only?) fastest way to recharge your resource to activate those abilities is to score sequential basic weapon hits without taking a hit in return.  In no way does this game feel like the spirit of the online show RWBY.  In the show, teammates constantly display new and inventive tactics where cooperative synergy is the dominant force and the finishing moves are mind-blowing uber powerful one-off abilities.  In Grimm Eclipse, however, the abilities play a minor role versus the efficacy of basic melee, are embarrassingly underpowered compared to the ""real"" characters' inventive potency, don't recharge fast enough, are prone to missing or having suboptimal effect if the enemies aren't lined up 'just so', and one player's abilities have no beneficial synergistic effect with any other player's.  The only coop effect I could perceive was that when my character was fighting (in melee of course) near to another, our individual melee hits seemed to do a lot more damage, much like, again, Dynasty Warriors coop mode.  If this game is to do proper homage to the show, the abilities need a massive beefing up with greater complexity, frequency of availability, ease of use, and team-oriented effects.Some good things:1, the music.  (Thank you for adding a sound fx volume slider after I wrote this review, but why are character fighting voices applied to sound fx instead of, um... Voices slider?)2, Although the mayhem of melee feels like button mashing, there is a bit of strategy in it in that you can and should use jump and dodge and, by throwing those into your rotations, your chain attacks change up a little bit.  (I'd like to see more of that.)3, Every character has their niche and feels distinct, even when doing basic melee animations.  For instance, Yang is great at keeping enemies occupied by kiting them with right-click cone effects, compared to Weiss who can pick off enemies with long range attacks.4, The MOBA style levelling up works.  Personally, I'd prefer a persistent character whom I could take back to the starting chapter with a friend and power through.  (Think 'The Legend of Korra'.)  But with the MOBA style you're encouraged to stick with your team and help each other keep leveling up and progressing.  You quickly become attached to the power/improvements your character gains.5, It's a great coop game.  Very easy to pick up and play, no team killing shenanigans, no server/lobby lag, people can drop and join at any point, and the enemy difficulty scales to how many players are in the party.  Oh, and a party can consist of four Blakes, if you really all want to have kitty ears.Some little things I'd recommend improving:1, I already said the abilities.2, Please do balance the volumes.3, I think it only makes sense to have the crate experience spheres contribute to group xp just like the artifact chess pieces.  No point in making people fight over crates or prioritize them over enemies.4, Wave fights are good and all, but I sincerely hope later levels will include more coop based mechanics, like simultaneous activation puzzles, or needs to separate enemies and tackle them away from each other, or enemies who are especially vulnerable to flanking maneuvers.5, I know it's a hack'n'slash MOBAish thing, but please let there be some way to save progress.  This game has the potential to be virtually unending in its maps/chapters, but that'd be ridiculously infuriating to have to leave suddenly or have internet hiccup and disconnect a player when they're 20 chapters in and are forced to start over from Ch 1.6, There should be a lot more evidence of semblance power.  Ruby should become faster as she gains more sequential hits or by capitalizing upon the recoil from Crescent Rose's sniper fire (as is canon).  Would also be nice if she had an ability to sprint across the map to help teammates.  Weiss should have more glyphs, like being able to freeze at a distance, teleport, speed up teammates while slowing enemies, imbue teammates with power, etc.  Blake should do a lot more teleporting and should be able to deploy a distraction dummy of herself, turning invisible or at least dumping aggro until it's destroyed.  Yang should be able to absorb hits and channel that energy back as extra melee damage.Overall, a fun game, wonderfully reminscent of the world of Remnant, beautiful canon aesthetics, cute little quips from the characters, smart level design, etc.  Good game.  But can be much better."
76561198071557486,Recommended,418340,19491455,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,bordguy™,this game is so cool i love it
76561198076254890,Recommended,418340,19644235,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,*TaeYEON❅SONE*GG,"The game is fun as hell , i am the RWBY fans boy so i didnt feel anywrong with this game .BUT , stmg i look forward to see RT to make improve on this game- character progress can be save- sharing is caring ... pls share the exp , i dun like to see all player keep KS each others monster for exp- add more character and enemry pls"
76561198067674606,Recommended,418340,19652507,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,shadowc9,"other than not being able to attack sometimes, even when clicking the attack button repeatedly, it's a good game.Edit:That issue has been fixed, thanks rooster teeth :)"
76561198041806665,Recommended,418340,19767179,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Mr Photon,"I know its early access but there are some major things that I feel need to be addressed about this game aside from obvious bugs that need to be worked out. Firstly, this game needs more sound bits for characters other than Ruby. On my first play through with Yang I heard maybe two or so different sounds out of her. Second, I feel like the UI is very barebones and even ugly at times, so that needs to be adjusted. Third, and I'm sure this is going to change, we need more characters than just team RWBY. FInally, If you are going to make a hack and slash with rpg/moba style leveling, then the game play needs some major shifts like an actual combo system and diverse leveling paths for abilities. On the whole, I think this game is a fun concept that needs more to it and a lot of refinement."
76561198217901968,Recommended,418340,19492405,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,TheWildVortex900,"Was on a team with Weiss, Yang, and Yang. 10/10 would break meta again.I bought this game because I love RWBY and I love the concept. I'm sure Rooster Teeth will live up to their promises and make sure my purchase was worth it. Which it totally is."
,Recommended,418340,19492583,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,D3V4NG3LU5,"I just finished the early relese stuff with both Ruby and Yang and I can honestly say, this is definitely looking like it's shaped up for some high hopes from me. With the fluid combat system and skill tree possibilities, this could easily be a long and rewarding game. Though I know there's still a lot of development going on, here are a few things that I feel could be done better.1. The running animations are fine, however, shen running downhill or from a ledge it seems to freeze the legs in an awkward ""floating"" position, sure it's comical, but it's a little distracting.2. A more expansive skill tree that incorporates the character's ""semblance"" in a more refined manner would be fun and entertaining.3. There seems to be quite a bit of connectivity issues, what with a consistent string of disconnects among players. Not sure if this has to do with the players just quitting, or if the servers themselveas are flawed.4. The lack of character level save function that would make it a little more rewarding to play through the game.That being said, I see a huge amount of pros that outweigh the cons of the game immensely. Here is a short list of things that I found to be enjoyable.1. The difficulty is great, forcing you tou be a little more tactical and conservative with your aura as you are forced to dodge and fight as necessary to make it through the areas.2. The incorporation of objectives gives a sense of purpose behind the reason you are fighting or fleeing the hordes of grimm and makes you prioritize your tasks based on what will or will not be most beneficial to the completion of your objectives.3.The fluid and uninterrupted combat system allows you to meld your regular attacks with your specials exteremely well, making the fancy combos look all the more beautiful when you finish them with a big resounding ""YANG"".... er ""BANG""4.As much as I would like to see other characters such as Nora and Pyrrah, It's still nice to be able to choose whichever character you like as opposed to be forced into using a character that is unused, in the end it allows the player to choose the specific play style that they are most comfortable with.5. The art comes together nicely and makes the world of RWBY come to life in the most colorful and intricate way. Being able to explore the places that you saw on the show as well as new places in the world of Remnant.6. Although the running is a little glitched the animations are great, the hair and clothing moving fluidly with the character makes for an enjoyable p visual experience.For those reasons and more, I am glad to have paid out for the early access and I am excited to watch the game as the development progresses."
76561198050630703,Recommended,418340,19492956,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,knarfyugenn,"Already been playing for awhile, and makes me want to come back and play more. Can not wait for more patches! A reccomendation to this game would be... GET MORE FRIENDS TO PLAY AS WELL!"
76561198234674516,Recommended,418340,19493844,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,ReishaTerrin,"I liked it, aside from some logging in to play with my friends and ALOT of dcing on my end. But the game was pretty fun. I hope it expands more on their abilitys and combos"
,Recommended,418340,19494129,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Abradolf Lincler,Super Fun but very short please tell me there going to update it and add more missions and characters
76561198065327929,Recommended,418340,19506408,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Mach 12 gamer,"I like this game alot. its fun to play, and you can see the set up for an amazing story (its early access and the story is far from finished, as far as i can tell). now for with my quick praise time for pros, cons, and things i would like to see.Pros-The voice acting is pretty well made and actually sounds like the character, with yang making puns and ruby being excited over your first beowolf encounter.The enemies are fun to fight, and it auto balances it depending on how many players you have.The characters play like you would expect them to for the most part. yang carries a lot of force and knockback, ruby is good at constantly hitting and chaining, weiss is light and fast, and blake strikes fast and has many evasive based attacks.Everything looks like the show. the animation is admittedly choppy, but the whole world and characters look like the show to a very good extent.Cons-As i just said, the animation is pretty choppy, if you run downhill expect to be stuck in one shape of the running animation, so you look like you are floating in the sky.This isnt a con for me, but it might be for others. this is meant to be played multiplayer. you dont get ai teammates. this isnt a problem for me, but some people may dislike this feature.some of the unlockable abilities might take a little while. some are pretty easy, like kill 100 enemies with your aoe attack. but some are hard, like kill 200 with your ranged attack (which generally does very little damage)The little image things that show the person who is talking is sometimes super low quality. this just bothered me personally, but wont change the game.Personal wants-i want to see more characters. as awesome as it is to play as team RWBY, i would like to play as teams JNPR and SSSN. this is just me wanting more characters, as that would be fun.more skills, because right now every character only 3 attacks that follow a pattern. AOE attack. Heavy damage attack that needs careful setup to hit more than one. And a ranged attack.to sum it up, its fun, but flawed. as an early access game i would recommend it as it is fun. the controls work well with the keyboard or a controller. i would reccomend this game, but keep in mind it is flawed, as any early access game would be."
,Recommended,418340,19507289,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,SushicCat55,"The game is unique, i haven't play a game that was like this. Theres also a show series about it, and it's pretty awesome. But the game still needs alot of polishing and work and needs more content. And i also Understand That The Game Is Still Developing, so i'll give it a thumbs up to RWBY. Hopefully the game will be finshed by the end of this semester, WITH A YANG!eh?"
76561198068843074,Recommended,418340,19511704,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Naotsugu,"I gotta say I'm surprised. It's pretty good. But more importantly it feels good. The Moba-ish style progression is pretty good. Add some more levels, characters, cotsumes. I could see this being a great game, in about a year.Right now It's probably not gonna hold your attention for long. But, it's fun and a RWBY fan will enjoy it. The animation for fight scenes always looked like a video game in the best way. So it really transfers well. Plus if you get it now it will probably be cheaper."
76561198046915964,Recommended,418340,19512179,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Wilt & Blush,"Alright, I admit to being a huuuuge fanboy of RWBY, so ok my Review might be a little bit biased :DDDBut I really enjoy it and see a lot of potential here! Of yourse, being early Access and all it might not be the moste refined game to date, but especially for RWBY fans it is a must-have!For everybod else, who doen't know RWBY yet(Go and watch it you missed out on one of the best ""Animes"" to date) this might not be the bestest of gaming experiences yet.If you are curious try it out nonetheless!"
,Recommended,418340,19512331,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Tilemaster204,We're gonna go out with a Yang! YAAAAAAA
76561197995320314,Recommended,418340,19515181,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Dracain,"Before the review I must say that I do greatly enjoy RWBY.  I don't feel that would change my view of the gameplay, but it is worth mentioning.This game is a simple yet enjoyable hack 'n' slash game that allows for up to four-player co-op.  I have seen people compare it to the Warriors games, and I feel that isn't a particularly apt comparison.  While you do fight large hordes of enemies, this game is very focused on special moves, which each character has three of.  Proper application of these special moves, as well as management of the special meter, is the key to success.Besides the special moves, each character has a melee and ranged attack.  Repeatedly using the melee attack will lead to a combo, which a player can either do all the way to the end, or use the ranged attack button to do a different combo ender.Since this is early access, they're only focusing on one section of gameplay at a time, and as of the time of writing that section of gameplay is only about one-two hours.  While there will be more, and I do think there is plenty of reason to replay what there is, for many that just isn't enough, and I understand that, and suggest you check back in later.  That said, the full release of the game will be more expensive, as they wish to have it be a lower price for early adopters.If you enjoy some fun hack 'n' slash gameplay, a fun co-op time with friends, or just like the show RWBY, I think this will be a good purchase for you."
76561198262396010,Recommended,418340,19517986,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,TheRPGGod,can't wait for the final product
,Recommended,418340,19535307,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Danger Noodle,Personally I think it would be cool if they make Beacon a hub where you can get side quest and a place where the main story line takes place and you get quests there. I think the droping you on a map where you fight it out is a liitle boring and lacks story. But overall i think the game mechanics are good and it is a fun game it just lacks story which makes it hard to get into. Once you start to play it for a while it is really fun and worth the purchase.
76561198138740491,Recommended,418340,19537986,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,ruby_chan,"So far from the hours I played the game, it is enjoyable and I genuinely like it. There are some stuff that's good and some stuff that I wish that could be change. I do like the combat of the game but a lot of the time, I wish there was more combo chain type of stuff like you can do. It just seems like all you can really do is 1,2,3,gun,1,2,3, special. Even though the game is still early and there is a lot of things that can/could be fixed. I really like the game. For Rwby fans, like myself, I would recommend the game. But for those that don't know of the Rwby series, it is a little hard to understand what is going on in the game since there isn't any really for you to understand who/what anything is. All and all, hope the game comes out the way the developer wanted the game to be."
76561198161920697,Recommended,418340,19540976,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Metroid Dread,"There really wasn't anything wrong with the game. The biggest thing I want to see in the final version is a single player mode like marvel alliance and a move list. The camera function with the steam controller is a little slow, but usable when I adjusted the sensitivity, Other little things could be added but can't think of anything specific."
,Recommended,418340,19548222,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,SoulBoa,"If you like anime style,and cute girls,you should play this game :)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=88WFSN46eNo"
76561198044795674,Recommended,418340,19548246,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Poodemon,A must buy if you are a fan of the series
,Recommended,418340,19551723,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,thundermaker,"Lots of promise for an early access game. Keep this on your watch list and pick it up as it matures if your not ready for a partly built game. Its good for some fun already, but its clearly not finished yet."
76561198173545758,Recommended,418340,19553699,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,ThanatosDespair,Its Great im a fan of this game its great but at some point i beat the game or something after the tunnels idk it kicked me off and didnt say anything i wish i knew the levels to know for sure lol but the only thing i wish is a save continue button cause since we cant afk for long then it restarts us so like its understandale but at least put a save / continue button XD but other then that keep it up its great i know only 7 people are working on this so i greatly appreciate this game and its amazing graphical scenes.
,Recommended,418340,19556043,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Tobiwanz,"Extremely alpha-stage, but very fun. For those who enjoy the frantic button-bashing and reaction-based dodging of a proper hack-and-slash, but also enjoy SHOTGUN FISTS.Characters feel very similar but at the same time a little different. You can play all of them reasonably well using the same techniques, but to get the most out of them one should adopt certain playstyles which (IMO) suit the characters really well.Ruby does best when cleaving down hordes of Beowolves and chaining up combos quick, Weiss plays very well as an AOE-spamming crowd-controlling magic-user type, Blake works best by (again) chaining up long combos, but her special moves can flow seamlessly into regular attacks, suiting her ninjtastic style of weird deception and unpredictability. Yang? PUNCH STUFF. If you get punched to near-death, you'll only come back stronger.Very short, but even at this early alpha stage RT have included enough stuff to have one playing the same four levels repeatedly. First to max out your level, then to complete the little challenges to unlock different techniques.Worth the price even for the alpha, I'd say (At least, for RWBY nuts). This game's got some serious potential, still!I shall be on the edge of my seat waiting for further updates. :D"
,Recommended,418340,19556879,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,PunAndGames,Good thing this is getting more content or else this games future looks pretty.... Grimm.
,Recommended,418340,19557202,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,NeroBron,This is a really good early access game... and that says a LOT!
76561198120819191,Recommended,418340,19560026,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,BloodBirD[TH],let's just say this:it's an Early acessbut it's still fun to play even I've play it once a day and I really enjoy it.just imagine what full game will be...but it's not gonna be that soon since this game got 1 engineer so keep supporting this ok :3
76561197999708805,Recommended,418340,19561420,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,RowenArcher,Very exciting for those who enjoy the show. Its a co-op game you can play with anyone and have fun.
76561198012000750,Recommended,418340,19562914,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,bwadark,"To think this began as a solo fan made project to celebrate an anniversary.This game is a must own for any RWBY fan, in it's early access phase the controls are smooth and the combat is fluid. Currently there is no level select or way to save your progress but a full playthrough of the 4 levels should take roughly an hour. On top of 4 characters and the challenge system to unlock more upgrades,The game is in a position where it can only better, though in it's current state it's not turning any heads and I don't think i would of purchased if I wasn't a fan of RWBY, so I would suggest to anyone who is looking at this game with no knowledge of RWBY, go watch RWBY.All in all the developers deserve your money, they're kind hearted people and this project is more a tribute to the fans than a money making machine."
76561198053409484,Recommended,418340,19570875,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Aggressive Bubbles †nox†,So far i really like the game even if its the alpha version of it.I was just wondering where i should report bugs.So I'm just going to do it here.After the door (which opens after you killed the 5 grim waves in the sewer(?) on mount glenn) the first box to the leftis in a weird postion. When you destroy it and it drops an exp orb you can't pick it up because of an invisible wall right befor it.
,Recommended,418340,19573497,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,skittles are great,This Game.
,Recommended,418340,19576518,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,BlipBlipBlue,"First review: (playing once, via december 8th's quality).A little laggy ( kind of expected with the large scale mass killings), but usually when i try to play with my friends, its HORRIBLE lag cause the servers and internet hates us. This? this was really good! it was intensely good. I was beyond happy and very impressed.I can't wait for more story. Right now it took us about an hour to get through, and it was really fun all around. Really rooting for more.I played as blake. I suck and probably didn't pick the best upgrades, so i'm blaming my preformance on my level--but i felt like blake lacked large scale attacks. Though again, blaming it on me and my inability to unlock lots. haha.I love the attention to detail. The fact that i could see yang's shotgun shells on the ground and ruby's shells as well was phenominal! Really cute attention to detail.Though apperently there's  no Mac version? I bought a gift copy for a friend, since they're the one who introduced me to RT and all that, and turns out...They have a mac. I kinda felt really bad they couldn't play it : ( Will there be mac version soon? I really hope so. That was my main sadness.Otherwise, can't wait to play again with the other girls!Overall really fun experience. : D"
,Recommended,418340,19583320,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,That One Samoan,"This is a ""O of Osome"" game. (only played 2.7hrs when writting this)A little bit of the animation is off (looks off) like how, when you would shoot and move straight away the character would stay in the shooting pose but starts moving, then after a few steps it would start the running cycle.But in saying that everything to me looks nice, and the character models and textures are perfect10/10 will always play"
