user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198048974498,Recommended,418300,19748657,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,rjmacready,"My apologies for writing a review of this game with so few hours up, but given that any monkey can tell that this is a QUALITY horror game, and not just some fly-by-night scam-job, it'll have ten trillion reviews from people with between 0.2 and 0.4 hours up in no time.  My personal policy is that if a game has been around forever, and thusly no one or their dog is going to read my review anyway, I may as well wait until I've fully completed and/or officially given up on the game before posting my review.  But when the game is brand-spanking-new, well...look how many reviews there are for this game already, and it hasn't even been on sale for twenty-four hours yet.Hopefully a few of you out there will be able to at least acknowledge that my review is liable to be one of the more, er, let us be kind and say ""mature"" ones that is liable to crop up.  Hell, I think I've ALREADY beaten the average word count for a review on Steam, haven't I?  And hopefully spelled all words correctly, in something at least resembling English.  So with no further ado, let's attempt a review on the basis of what little I've played thus far.Firstly, for all of you ""casual"" horror gamers, who are looking for the next Five Nights at Freddy's and/or a horror game without too much story, but with at least a hint of ""mythology"" just waiting to be uncovered, THIS IS HEARTILY RECOMMENDED TO YOU.  It's ""spoopy"" (whatever that means), atmospheric, and has it's fair share of jump scares.  Y'know, the whole ""creepypasta"" thing (again, whatever that is).  It's also a time-based game in which you have to ""survive until 6am"", during each hour of which your basic aim is to keep heading towards wherever you think an unlit candle may be waiting, so that you can transfer the flame from your current candle before the wax melts down and all hell breaks loose.  So it's essentially a keep-moving-or-else, race-against-time suspense game, and a very well-done one at that.Secondly, and oh boy oh boy, is it UNFORGIVING.  I mean HARD.  I mean, STUPIDLY ♥♥♥♥ING HARD.  As in, with the thirty-five-odd minutes I already have up my sleeve, I'm yet to even get to 1am.  But that's alright...I know all you Freddy fanatics will be fine with this, as that seems to be one of the criteria you people are looking for.  Me, I'm one of those older-school people who can take or leave the whole ""hardcore"" gaming thing, and am quite happy for a game to merely be a CHALLENGE.  Put it this way: I've played ""Outlast"" on the second-hardest difficulty, but I really don't feel compelled to ever conquer the ""insane"" mode; nor did I bother seeing the ""Justine"" mini-game in Amnesia all the way through; nor am I ever liable to escape from the boat in Monstrum one single, solitary ♥♥♥♥ing time!  BUT...if you're the kind of person who likes that kind of uber-challenge, and doesn't mind playing for ten or twenty minutes straight just to be insta-killed and go all the way back to the beginning of a game, or at least substantially-sized level therein...then, yes, HEARTILY RECOMMENDED.It's certainly good, and definitely seems to achieve what it set out to achieve.  Me, I'm kinda doubting that I'll be seeing it through to its conclusion, but for many of you this may well be your ""game of the year"" or something.  It's certainly better than the recently-released Emily Wants to Play, and probably on a par with the also-recent Boogeyman (and let's not even mention crap like 1 2 3 Slaughter Me Street).  Despite the meagre time I've put into this thus far, I'm kind of suspecting I've already seen most of the tricks it's liable to have up its sleeve - as is the case with ALL such games, in my experience - but chances are you've worked out already whether this is the game for you or not.  If you're prepared to die, over and over and over again, and redo the same, basically very similar levels over and over and over again, you'll be fine.  It doesn't even pull punches for the first level or two like the Freddy's games do...it's just hard from the get-go, and you'll probably get your first achievement (for dying) in no time!  But it IS highly competent, of its type, and is bound to be a hit with the audience it's clearly intended for.Now bring on the barrage of reviews which consist of one sentence, barely one word in coherent English, and an 87% ""helpful"" rating.  But hey, that's okay...I live in a nice, multi-storey flat with lots of very solid brick walls, so I'll still have something to do once my own review's approval rating drops below 50% for having, y'know, WORDS 'n' stuff in it.Verdict: 8.5/10.UPDATE: Okay, so it's some time since I wrote this rather rambling review, and seeing since I've recently managed to complete the main game, I thought a brief update was in order. I've yet to play the No Way Out DLC they've just added, but in all honesty, even the main game itself is quality and quantity enough to justify a slightly higher score than I awarded the first time. Make no mistake, this is definitely a good'un, which I ultimately found compelling and addictive enough to keep drawing me back until I finally finished the ♥♥♥♥er.Revised Verdict: 9/10."
,Not Recommended,418300,19748388,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,SUMO - RabidRetrospectGames,"(THIS IS A REVIEW IN PROGRESS) - Updated 12/21/2015WIck is yet another first person horror game that drops some doomed individual out in the middle of nowhere and expects them to survive the night while collecting various objects. In Wick's case, you play some poor fool as your ""friends"" leave you in the middle of the woods to survive until 6:00AM while uncovering various clues to the story behind the children haunting the woods with nothing but the flickering light of a candle to guide and protect you.Personally, I am not a fan of what I have played so far. There are way too many jumpscares for starters. Every other step seems to lead into a child flashing on the screen for a second or two and gets old fast, as do all the monsters in the game. Never found myself scared because of how frequently they deliver everything. There is no moment to just take everything in and get sucked into the atmosphere. Instead, I just find myself getting annoyed by the frequency of the monster attacks.Gameplay is also very basic for Wick. You find clues to uncover more of the story, try to stay alive by finding candles to light with your limited matches, and avoid the various monsters lurking in the shadows. Each night adds new monsters with various ways to murder your face. To protect yourself you need to constantly move and find new candles to light. You can transfer light from candle to candle to save your matches and you can find candles themselves by looking for their shine in the distance. Nothing really to write home about with the gameplay. They could make the shine from the candles happen more frequently and for longer. Find it way too easy to lose track of them with all the children spawning in every direction. Gets especially hard on later hours.It's also very easy to die by either getting sucked into an animation from 40 yards away or by getting teleported directly into an instadeath when you are trying to find a candle. I'll just assume I'm just being terrible at the game, but I thought it worth mentioning all the same. Still, it really does feel like the difficulty spikes to an insane degree very fast. I've managed to get to 4AM at the time of writing and it just keeps at it with the odd difficulty spikes. You'll probably get the hang of it eventually. However, it doesn't make it anymore fun.This is a game that tries to be a hybrid of FNAF and Slender and I don't know how well it does that. Overall, I can't honestly say anyone should buy it. You might find some cheap terror if you spend brief moments playing, but nothing worth writing home about. By the time you get a good grasp of the gameplay, everything becomes tedious and loses any and all traces of it being scary. Not currently my cup of tea.[UPDATE 12/21/2015]I have currently spent around 8 hours with the game in total at this point and wanted to post an update for those curious. The game's difficulty is still very unrelenting. Some people might enjoy it. I have no idea. Personally, I find it ramps up way too much and way too quick. Whatever horror elements or atmpshere you could take from the game are ruined by having to mechanically learn the patterns of each individual child in order to avoid dying. Hear something snoring? Better either run or drop your candle. See the kids spawn at your feet? Better look at the ground and not move. Screen get a red blur? Better make sure the little girl in the bunny suit doesn't kill you. I found myself more worried about patterns than learning about the story and letting the atmosphere sink in. I have yet to either bother trying to find collectibles for 4AM onward, because the game is just so chaotic. Perhaps the game isn't for me. I'm a big horror fan, but this game just doesn't set right with me.Current Rating6/10Average.Some gameplay if you carehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LwysbmQ-_p4[UPDATE]Also found a hilariously frequent glitch that happens on the bus. If the child spawns on the outside and you view it from the door, it can't kill you and the game's clock won't progess the night. Fun.Pro- Music is decently done.- Visually appealing- Might Be scary to some players.Con- Not very fun- Way too easy to get insta-killed- Way too easy to get turned around- Children/Monsters are not scary, nor do they look scary- Way too many jump scares- Cheap enemies: Spwaning at feet while walking and instantly dying or teleporting you mid    candle pick-up"
,Recommended,418300,23343839,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,√iρ૯૨₃₁,"I don’t think that anyone would play Slender if it came out today. The craze of indie micro-budget chasing simulators has grown stale, the market too saturated for even quality titles to stand out. Despite my distaste for Slender‘s lack of gameplay and YouTube-bait scares, I can appreciate it for being a fun little title made by fans with more enthusiasm than game design experience.It spawned a genre, but Slender‘s style lacks legs. You can debate about the respective spookiness of whichever specter or boogyman is chasing you through this week’s forest/abandoned park/haunted house. As far as gameplay goes, it’s not terribly hard to replicate “walk around and hunt for items while being spooked.” Improving on this formula is simple, as any interaction and/or variety is new.Wick is Hellbent game’s most recent attempt to evolve the genre. Normally, I wouldn’t have interest in such a title. There are countless new Slender permutation every year, and I can’t go through them all for sake of my time and sanity. They tend to be games I play when I have absolutely nothing else to do, and fall to the farthest back burner on my to-do list.Still, I’m nothing if not a hopeful, cheery gamer, and every once in awhile one of these titles catches my eye. For reason’s I can’t quite pinpoint, the Steam page for Wick proved such an occasion. Maybe it was the slightly more cartoonish art style? Hell, it’s likely that I was just overcome with holiday cheer/dead time boredom. Whatever the reasons may be, I decided to go into Wick without the usual cynicism I have for Slender-likes. Yes, the Slender clone is a tired genre, but I can’t exactly hold that over every similar title’s head forever, can I? At some point, shooters had to stop being considered all Doom clones.Wick goes for a minimalist approach to direction. Dropping into the game, you play a nameless blindfolded teen being led to the area where you will play a game called “Wick”. It’s a permutation of the teenage game where friends go into the woods, leave a friend behind with only a single light source, and retrieve them in the morning. Presumably, spooks of some kind or another occur in the interim. I refer to this as a “plot device” game, since no person I know has ever felt the need to willingly get lost in the woods and ♥♥♥♥ with ghosts. Maybe people were more desperate for entertainment before the invention of the computer.Of course, just standing there and waiting for the morning would make for a boring game. Your only light source at the start is a set of matches, but candles spread throughout the forest serve as more lasting illumination. Light can be transferred from candle to candle, and distant candles can be seen as sparkling dots on the horizon. It isn’t terribly hard to keep yourself perpetually lit, so it serves more as a trail to keep you on track to interesting landmarks than a real restriction. Personally, I kind of like this. Resource management definitely has a place in horror, but the more narrative style of Wick lends itself well to this less stressful approach.Running out of light is suitably dangerous and spooky, spawning all sorts of terrible noises and making you a target for the various fiends. That’s not to say that you are perfectly safe in the light. Certain triggers will cause more persistent enemies to spawn, which must be fled from to survive. As the night goes on, different enemies will pursue you, each with their visual style and method of assault. The variety it offers is refreshing, and while we don’t see anything truly revolutionary, it’s enough to require you to mix up your play style and learn through trial and error.The meat of the game comes from discovering a large assortment of collectibles. Notes, documents, and items all serve to flesh out the game world through little snippets of story. The notes are generally drawings, and serve as hints/instructions while also building some spooky tension. Items are all suitably unsettling, and come with a little snippet of audio narration to further up the creepiness factor. The documents stand out as the most unique part of the package, and add a dual layer to the narrative. A series of police interviews with the group of friends that left you in the woods allude to the fact that something went wrong during tonight’s game of Wick. It reveals that there’s something special about your experience, and this isn’t just something that all the other kids have done and inexplicably got through just fine. It colors the events of the game in a more questionable light, and what you see might not be what actually is happening.Alas, that’s all there is to talk about with Wick. It’s a scavenger hunt Slender clone with more variety and legs. Sure, it innovates, but all that can be said about the title is still doable in just a couple paragraphs. It’s an inherent weakness to the genre, and one that prevents me from really getting fully into it. Some visual bugs and awkward spawns will take you out of the experience. The jump scares are also a bit too frequent, with almost every turn or new location prompting some kind of screaming child or demonic arm to dart out. It’s too rapid-fire, which makes the roughness of the seams more glaring.Still, none of the bugs ruined the experience for me. What is there is good, delivering scares in a unique environment. I had fun figuring out how to survive, and really enjoyed piecing the story together.It’s the perfect example of an average game that I find enjoyable. This isn’t a big budget title pulled down into mediocrity by a clipped production cycle or inexplicable design choices. This is a small game that does a single thing pretty well. People that like this kind of thing will like Wick. If you absolutely adore Slender, you’ll find Wick to be a familiar experience with some innovations. It’s an indie game total worth checking out, I do recommend."
76561198163294067,Recommended,418300,20609689,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,lollipoplobsterlips,"This game blew me away.I was several months late discovering this. I saw quite a few YouTubers playing it, and finished a whole gameplay in one day. I was estatic, especially at the end. I was legit freaking out, and excited. I wanted to know more, and I defintely wanted the game for myself.PROS--Amazing story. It's still confusing, with not all the pieces put together, but it's unique. I love games that leave you with so many questions at the end. I'm excited to contribute my theories and ideas to this community, and I hope this community thrives.-Graphics! My my, one of my favorite things about this game. I studied how the trees moved, the fog moved, the hand motions the player made. They're all amazing! The fog can be a bit buggy, and the trees can look funny, but there is NOTHING that makes it unenjoyable. Everything looks real, and clean, and fantastic. There are a few things out there, such as vines that aren't 3D, but they still have shadow to them, which makes it almost unnoticable. My favorite part, however, is how your hand moves in front of the candle to shield it from wind, how the candle flame flickers and moves, and how smooth the animations are. Everything is fantastic, like I said before. Good job. I hope you people keep making games!-Game in general! Now, I love a good scare. This game really did deliver; I knew the popups were coming but they got me every time! Talk about embarrassing. Wandering around in the forest at night has always been a fear of mine, and the fog topped it off. The forest idea wasn't very original, there are lots of horror games taking place in the forest. But that's no big deal, I personally love forest-based games. The candle idea was very interesting, too. I love how you move around and pick up candles, and they run out as time goes on. I know some people think of Wick as a Slender and FNAF mix, with the pages, and the ""survive each hour/night"" mechanic. But really, this game is so unique and beautiful that I don't mind at all. It's not exactly like any other game, and that's perfect.Really, though... The scare factor isn't everything. To me, what makes a good game is story, especially a horror game. This game has a great story, hard to piece together, but still fun nonetheless. So really, GREAT job!CONS-Do I dare put something as silly as this here? THE FENCE. What are you talking about, what fence? The one you are dropped off at in the beginning. Looking at it, you could climb over it if you were desperate enough. But look! Barbed wire, and there's also the possiblity of electrical, shocking wire. I know a lot of people are picky with their games, and something like a short fence would really set someone off. Not me! That fence barely bothers me, and I put this in the CONS just to alert anyone about such a factor. But something as simple as a climbable fence will NOT take away the thrill of the game.-Few bugs. I've encountered several, from Tim doing some funky little dance-run in front of me, to Lillian teleporting me on the wrong hours. I'm not sure if the teleportation thing is a glitch, or if it's meant to happen, going back on the first hour, but it doesn't bother me. What happened was only me getting up to the 3rd hour, and then going back to find Tim's blade in the first. I was teleported and heard Lillian's giggles, but it wasn't that much of a problem. And actually, Tim doing that little dance was just plain funny! I'd pay to see that again.Alright, I could waste your time and think of more PROS and CONS to put, but I won't. You can decide if this game is for you. It was for me; I watched an entire gameplay and still bought it to play it for myself! Definetly recommended, although this game may not be for some.Graphics are great, story is great, models are great, and little kids are freaky!I hope my review was helpful, though it may not be perfect.9.1/10"
76561198067057604,Recommended,418300,19984263,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,recettear_32,"Update : And...finished!Phew. On top of being a scary game, it was hard too!The core strategy is to learn the way the kids behave. I know that sounds obvious, but this game is much more than just a simple jump-scare walk em up. Despite the fact the gameplay mechanics are simple, they are simple in the good way. You have limited mechanics, but you need to master those mechanics to survive the children's increasingly complex attacks.Tips [WARNING! :  SPOILERISH]1. The kid you can't look at (Tom, I think) can be avoided by looking at the sky or the ground. That's what I did the first time, because I knew I wasn't supposed to look at him. It worked! This technique works for the crazy attack when he clones and surrounds you too. This works great...except when you are being tag teamed by one of the other kids, and you need to keep moving. If that's the case, you need to be brave! and just keep moving that mouse to look away from him until he decides to check on his time share and stops spooking you.2. I think keeping a candle lit makes the night go by faster. I'm not sure. I was using a timer (it helped me keep sane when I was waiting for the night to just end!) and I found that the night seemed to go faster if I was regularly keeping a candle lit. I'm not sure though, so don't worry on that tip too much.3. Pay attention to those sound cues. They let you know the approximate direction where a kid is coming from and what kind of attack you can expect.4. When you get the map (you find it in the evidence you get from the...2nd night I believe), take a picture of it with your cell camera. You then have a map of the forest you can refer to. Really helpful when you're trying to find all the artifacts. That's how I found them all!5. Artifacts are found at landmarks. That's much appreciated. If they were just scattered around the map, that would have been trying. But, just check out the major landmarks (or around them) and you will find all the artifacts.6. The ending I'm talking about below is...well...just use tip #5.To the Developers :The hint system is helpful. I would just add some more hints along the lines of what I included in my tips above. This is a good game, but, imo, the kind of short game that you want to push through in 2 or 3 days, while the scares are still fresh, and you're still invested in the story. Especially when a player keeps dying on the same night. It's good to be challenged, but challenge can turn to frustration and then just moving on unsatisfied. I would give a really juicy hint to a player if they have died around 5...maybe 7 times on the same night.Conclusion :I won't spoil the ending, but let's just say that I really like the way the game ended. I think the ending is in keeping with the trend that is occurring in the best examples of our entertainment media. For certain we encounter many things during this life that are horrible and terrifying, but there is always a deeper truth to uncover if we just look hard enough, and that truth always reveals there is more to the terrible parts of life than just the terror. There is the truth of being a person.This was a surprising little game! Genuinely scary, but not grotesque or repellent in the type of scares it elicits. The game seems simple, but there is a deceptive amount of depth to it. The game had only 1 tiny bug that I found (a candle fell through the bus so I couldn't get to it). The frame rate held solid the whole game despite the fact I only have a 512 mb graphics card. The graphics are good, especially the lighting. The sound work is very good, essential to a scary game, and I became as alert as a squirrel listening for an owl.  And, most important to me personally, the story is eerie and interesting. I still am not totally sure what happened, but I think I'll put the final pieces together in my head over the next little while.If you think you'll like a spooky, well-made little game with a good story, grab a match and light Wick!====Original ReviewThis is a fun, creepy game. I voted for the game on Steam Greenlight, and am not disappointed! First, you should be aware that the game is not easy. I thought it was going to be a lot like Slender, but it has deeper gameplay than that. You need to learn the behavioral patterns of the children to be able to successfully avoid them (tip : pay attention to the clues nailed to trees with the eerie drawings on them). I thought the game would be boring with only one environment to explore, but the game makes good use of the small amount of real estate by throwing in regular surprises (new children to avoid, plenty of spooky easter eggs, new sound cues to be aware of, etc.) I think the game is priced well for the content. As I said, in my original comment on the Steam Greenlight, I am happy that there is a story to unlock. It helps to keep me invested in the game and will help push me forward to the end. I'll update when I finish the game. [And : I think the actor for Lee Everett from Walking Dead did one of the voiceovers for the pieces of evidence. At least, it sounds a lot like him!]"
,Recommended,418300,20097999,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,RAIZO,"Picture this: a haunted, gated patch of forest where the bodies of some children were mysteriously never found after their house burned down (think I have that right...maybe not)...pretty good setup for a ghost story, huh?Now, there's a game called Wich that daring teenagers play involving one of the teens getting blindfolded and led into this same patch of forest, with nothing more than a handful of matches and some randomly placed candles to light his/her way. The idea being to survive the night alone!!Cryptic drawings and relics from the past (3 for each hour of the night, midnight through 5:00 AM) vaguely hint at the strange goings-on of what really happened to the missing children and of the semblance of the ghosts that you'll encounter in your quest for survival.Great, mist-enshrouded graphics with exceptional use of lighting and sound make Wick a truly unique and harrowing experience. It may be short but that only makes it that much more accessible for a future run or two anytime you feel like trekking through some woods without having to worry about that 'Slender' guy catching you : }"
76561197972080920,Recommended,418300,20432806,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Stiffler,This is 100% pure jumpscare hell
76561198277817256,Recommended,418300,22963904,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,GalacticChick,"Okay, so I'm new to ' Wick' and so far this game, man! Deserves an 9/10!! I've discovered somethings I've never seen on this game such as when i got on the bus there were noises like someone beating the bus with a stick or something and it nearly freaked me out because i didn't know who or what it was. But, it's a very awesome horror indie game and can't wait until i complete it! xD  Oh and * Cough, cough* Expect some fan art from me."
,Recommended,418300,23130693,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Caretaker,"Wick is exactly what Slender should've been. An intersting game with collectibles all while avoiding an urban legend/creepypasta. The story and background lore is fantastic, and the characters are pretty diverse and well made. Each one looks crazy as hell and has it's own unique way to avoid it. The game helps you find other candles and continue the night all while not being too obtrusive and clunky on the screen.As it's own solo urban legend it actually sounds like a really intersting attraction that could be pulled off as well. I will admit there are a few times that had me kind of raging cuz of some cheap deaths, but some of them were also my fault. The game is very fair and you can generally get around the enemies easily if you know what you're doing. That doesn't mean you're safe though.If you're looking for a fantastic horror game to play with good lore, and fun mechanics I highly recommend Wick. The easter eggs, and jokes in the DLC alone make it worth it. If you decide to play I hope you enjoy it as much as I have."
,Recommended,418300,23155064,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Evil Resident,"Wick short review (Don't worry I will play more of no way out)What I think: I really loved the game. It was better then most horror games out there and it needs more attention. Wick had me on my toes figuring out and trying to avoid the enemies. Let me explain more here!Story: The game had a good background story once you attempt to dig deep enough. The story at the moment is you play as a young teenager (Sam) who is taken to the woods by his friends and left there until he has survived the game Wick. You must avoid the enemies as much as possible and not get caught. The ""ending"" to the game will shock you to the core! It has an amazing background story and the evidence you find in the game really helps you figure out a lot of details. The events are also helpful to figure out the game. And the new DLC got us way deeper into figuring it all out.Gameplay: In this game it is styled to be a normal first person horror survival. You must walk around the entire map in order to avoid the enemies and collect items. Once the enemy has found you, you have no choice but to run away. Every enemy has its own special abilities that you must firgure out how to avoid. The game is smooth and nice and I thought the gameplay wasn't original but it was made much better then any other horror game.Art: The art is really good (except for me I had to lower the graphics). The enviroment was creepy and dull and that was one of the reasons why I really loved the game. The enemies are really well designed and they don't look bad at all. However if you brighten up the gamma the game doesn't look good. Keep the gamma low for the best gameplay!Music and sounds: OMG the atmosphere has to be one of the best things in the game. The sudden footsteps behind you. The noises of the background and the sudden tense music that can really give you goosebumps. Every noise you heard was unsettling and unwelcome. The music for the game was great. The Chase themes are well made and it suited the enemy. The music itself was nicely made but there is only one theme... Hope they release the free soundtrack.Pros and consPros- Enemies were fair and balanced- Ambience and music- Artstyle- Player death animations (YES)- The hour are not to long compared to FnaF- Unsettling game events- Wonderful lore- Free DLCCons- Game is to short- OMG WHERE THE HELL ARE THE CANDLES!- Cheap jumpscares when exploring (Troll)Either way the game was worth the money so if you are a huge horror fan then play this now! You won't regret it!"
,Recommended,418300,23157817,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Callendra,"This game is so immersive: the sounds and voice are creepy and well performed and the design of the characters and the forest are beautifully done. The gameplay is fluid and simple. The IA of the enemies is pretty good and challenging. The story is intriguing and well constructed (especially with ""No way out"")Definiltely one of my favourite horror games! Thumbs up to Hellbent Games!"
,Recommended,418300,20508514,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,CrazyCanuck,"OverviewAt first glance, Wick might appear to be a Slender Man knockoff. It does share a few similarities, mainly trying to find items in the dark while being taunted by creatures), but what Wick does is done well. You’re limited in your resources, the enemies are terrifying, the story is good, and it is quite an intense game. It’s also similar in style to Five Nights at Freddy’s, where you’re tasked with surviving, but instead of surviving several hours each night, each “chapter” is one hour long, and you must survive from midnight until six in the morning.Your only resource are matches and candles. Your matches won’t last long at all, requiring you to find candles for light. Candles will eventually burn down, and you’ll be on the hunt for other candles. With only six matches available, you’ll need to make strategic use of your time and finding candles, as the enemies are far more difficult in the dark.Lastly, yes, there are jumpscares, and yes, there are a few of them, but they serve a genuine purpose instead of being PewDiePie bait.ProsGood story with an interesting premise, and I’m upset I never thought about the game you play in this game when I was a kidThe children, who are after you, are quite scary and have fun methods of sneaking up on you and also how to be avoidedGraphics are good for what’s there; the entirety of the game takes place in a forest with only a few structures, so there isn’t really much to it, but the fog and draw distance really render you on the edgeSound and music are both excellent; you’ll hear footsteps to your right, only to glance but see nobody, and the music crescendos and diminuendo at just the right timesInteresting backstory as told through the items you collect and the evidence that’s unlocked as you survive each hourEach hour gets subsequently harder; instead of dealing with one, fairly easy enemy at midnight, you’ll eventually wind up contending with all of the children at onceConsOverly short; unless you miss some collectibles, there’s no reason to play through the chapters againThe forest is static, so while your spawn changes, the environment doesn’t, and it’ll eventually become easy figure out where you are in relation to the few structuresDifficulty seems hit and miss, and the game can occasionally be unfair, when it chooses to spawn three or at once, having you run from one enemy into the waiting arms of another, because they’ve surrounded you seemingly out of nowhereSummaryWick is definitely a worthwhile game. If you’re easily taken aback by jumpscares, you’ll be jumping a lot. Aside from that, it’s a genuinely fun horror game with an interesting element that makes it even harder. You can’t go wrong, whether at full price or a discount."
,Recommended,418300,32527540,Posted: 17 June,all,SharkPilot,"If you love horror and you don't care much for an in depth story, this game is great. I was hoping for more of a story, which it had, but not more than there's some spoopy ghosts, look out for them. However, I CONSTANTLY had goosebumps while playing this game and a constant adrenaline rush. If you're into that, you won't regret playing this."
76561198254527857,Recommended,418300,19774541,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,CrmzonComet,Amazing game for these reasons.*Perfect mix of action and suspence*Unpredictable enemies*Great concept*Good storyDefinitely worth the money; 10\10; great game and am looking forward to more from the developer(s).
,Recommended,418300,31493221,Posted: 1 May,all,ReizoGames,"Video:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vrHWfojxlgw&tWick is still one of if not my favorite jump scare game.  Not only does it provide good jump scares the overall atmosphere of the game is amazing!  I still and always will suck at survive for X amount of time games but I absolutely love playing them for their creepiness, jump scares and atmosphere.  The amount of fun I have gotten out of this game was well worth the cost of this game and highly recommend it to anyone!"
,Recommended,418300,23207065,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,FoxGameDev,Scared me to death! 11/10 Would play again!
76561198102297653,Recommended,418300,21950302,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Shweebe,This game was my very first horror game ever. And I was not disappointed; I was scared so many times I lost count. The overall ambience and just the feeling that you're not alone in the woods at night was spot on. Each kid has their own unique abilites for terrifying you and building tension between jumpscares.  The story line was so twisted I could not have guessed the ending. I got both endings to the game and without spoiling it I liked the second ending best!10/10 Thank you Hellbent Games for my first experience with a horror game. :DIf anyone would like to see some gameplay (or see me scream like a little girl) just click on the link.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kGLLAOYFKGg&list=PLZd8RHaBIEatz9NMjtmXNGTHv2Hc9Ye6b
76561198089383464,Recommended,418300,20742036,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,cacklingcat,"I really enjoyed it and am still enjoying it. For whatever reason I can’t seem to get past hour five, but I'm probably just really bad lol. If you want, I made this... a record of my awfulness enjoy.https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLePQq9O7HfIhQo0Wa1wUOfZ5SUG5aJ0W5"
,Recommended,418300,20082066,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,sadonut,"I've gotten to 3AM so far in this game, and might I say it is simply wonderful from what I've seen so far! I'm a real sucker for spooky games like these, and the childrens' designs are interesting without being overly complicated. (It actually reminds me a lot of the Halloween horror film ""Trick r Treat."")Though I will admit that it'd be much more helpful if we could find MATCHES as well as candles along the way. (It'd make sense to find a matchbox or two around that woodshed and the campfire, right?) Other than that, it's a very fun game and I definitely suggest giving it a try if you're looking for one of those classic ""Keep Away"" games, like Slenderman (but better, since these guys have more variety in their attacks.)"
,Recommended,418300,23162157,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Kate Pistachio ✗,A fun game to play I love the game the jumpscares everything
,Recommended,418300,20312024,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Messy_Cat,"I bought this game for a let's play series expecting it to be rather fun but not really scary. That expectation was turned on it's head really quickly. I'm really quite enjoying the game! It's difficult but not unfair, and scary as hell!Here's my first playthrough if you guys want to check it out.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6LFeN1h_Tyo"
,Recommended,418300,20924231,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,✪ Venell,"Pros-~ Makes me squeal~ Has story behind it, may not be much. But it is there.~ Gorgeous~ Freat ambient noiseCons-~ Mixture of slender and FNOF~ Consists mainly of jumpscares7/10 has decent replay value for when you want to get a quick scare and can't be bothered with some of the films that claim to be ""Horror"" But I do think this game is worth the 12.99 USD"
76561198200701363,Recommended,418300,19754713,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Realgamerforlife1,"If your a horror fan i highly recommend this game your stock in the woods forced to play a game that you really dont want to play, you have to make sure to stay in the light keep extra candles at all times cause they run out pretty quickly. Game is very intense keeps you at the end at all times, i did a Gameplay of it check it out.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PcJLpPd6xIYMy second Gameplay on this awesome horror survival game, its definitely worth the price check out the video.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eduWg8j5tUk"
76561197969875942,Recommended,418300,26535109,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Dvine,"It reminded me a lot of FNAF, of which I have the first one, but better in the sense that you can move around. It also has a nice creepy nocturnal forest atmosphere. You need to survive from midnight to 6 am. When you are greeted right from the start with jumpscares, you immediately know what type of horror game this is going to be.Yep, jumpscare after jumpscare, not all that much else, like I said very much like FNAF but done really well actually.If you can get it cheap, and are in for some cheap but effective thrills, go right ahead, get this, you won't be disappointed.If you are looking for anything with more depth nah might want to keep looking.Personally I had fun the first few hours, but later when the frequency of the almost random deaths increased it became more annoying than fun, and the map that never changes or hardly brings anything new (you can find some new random objects which add a bit of narrative to the story) isn't helping.Anyway here's my first impression video:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u86gjgud1RM"
76561197972442783,Recommended,418300,25577657,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Skarhead,"I havent finished this one yet, but wanted to post a positive review as the developers have made a great game.  The graphics are wonderful, its nice exploring the forest while staying alive.  Pretty simple gameplay, but thats alright, doesnt take away from playability at all.  Given the cheap price I strongely encourage people to give it a try if they are interested in survival jumpscare genre."
,Recommended,418300,26838328,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,El Eder,Very simple. Very scary. Jumpscares everywhere.♥♥♥♥♥♥in my pants.
,Recommended,418300,25900839,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Rusty,Truely a very great game! However it's only very scary if you are easily spooked or if you hear the snoring stop.
76561198047627803,Recommended,418300,22156301,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Bgonnella,"So you think you have good friends huh? Well become a victum of the game wick and you will soon realize what♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥they are.What is wick? Aparrently the game is an old camp game where friends would take a kid blindfolded into the forrest and leave them there at midnight where they have to find multiple candles to give them some light and comfort in the dark and scary forrest. Legend has it that there are the spirits of dead kids roaming about the forrest at midnight, so stay in the light and don't let the little buggars getcha.Q: IS THIS GAME SCARY?A: This game is scary and at the same time it isn't (let me explain)Pros:-there are 6 hours total that you have to survive, midnight -6am.-There are multiple demonic little kids roaming about in the dark waiting to grab you- Atmosphere is just great, the graphics quality is really good and the setting is just chilling.- There are plenty of candles, you can see them with a little flicker off in the distance, just remember that and follow it.- There are jump scares and they are good, but they are common like most gamesFor Example: they will show the 1st kid run in front of your face (it isn't really scary), then they will show him drop out of a tree in front of you (that is when the chasing begins and it isn't scary at all) But either almost always at the beginning or mid-end of the hour they will flash infront of you causing no harm (But HOLY ♥♥♥♥ is it SCARY! but very common in almost every game)- If your candle runs out you have a match but that match gives off less light, if you are mainly in the dark with no light your true fear begins to take hold of you. You camera will start to halucinate and you will hear a lot of noises from the evil spirits. I am not sure if after some due time the spirits get you or if you just have to keep running and can't see very well but i can tell you that you need to find a candle fast (don't use all your matches, you only have so many)Cons:-It is almost garranteed that you will die within the first hour when you first play-The finishing moves that the kids do on you seem rather lame- Don't go into a building or a bus you will die almost all the time-The game can be rather short at times and rather long at others-The map is always the same, small forest area, and it is kind of a pain, you would expect at least another map/ area- this game may seem a bit hard and a bit frustrating and lacking at times, and you may want to get a refund (trust me i thought about it) but than i thought hey keep playing try to beat it and see what else it has to offer. This game is fun and it is worth the time.Now would i say this game is worth $ 10, no i would not say it's more like a $5 game. it is a fun game but it is just the same stuff over and over nothing really new. but it is expected of a horror game that is somwhat similar to slenderman.If it is on sale definately get it.My version of a 1 - 10 Scale10 - ""Worth every penny, I♥♥♥♥♥♥myself multiple time and will gladly♥♥♥♥♥♥myself again playing this game""9 - ""Worth the money, excellent game and good scares (nightmare may come)""8 - ""Still worth the money, decent scares""7 - ""Great game just lacking a little but still worth the money hoping that there will be more to come""6 - ""Not bad""5 - ""Meh""4 - ""Come on this is not scary""3 - ""The most common jumpscare pasted into the game""2 - ""Don't even bother""1 - ""I would like to exchange this game for any other peice of♥♥♥♥♥♥better than this""I WOULD RATE THIS GAME A ""7""A+ for the effort and graphics but I am hoping that the team behind this game will take the time and develope this game even further to have a long lasting effect on the players.Still haven't beaten the game, just need to reach 2 am :/ i know i talked a lot for just the beginning but i am glad i purchased this Game.I might update this review in the future but please do take a look at this game."
76561198095821122,Recommended,418300,20818219,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,IllusiveBurrito,I love this game! The atmosphere is great and each kid has their own unique strategy. Like a FNAF meets emily wants to play meets boogeyman! Worth every penny.https://youtu.be/0HiGMAntdjEcheck out my playthrough on youtube.
76561198021837454,Recommended,418300,23741354,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,[DFS] DumbBeard,"What is wrong with ghost kids these days?Okay real review time:In my brief time playing (I like to take these games reeaaall slloooww) I've seen some pretty impressive graphics, heard some awesome music, and saw some pretty neat and genuinely spooky characters. I got jumpscared pretty good too.It's like five nights at freddies: Survive until 6am, only you're not getting paid and it's ghost kids and not murderous animatronics after you.Buy this game."
76561197975348649,Recommended,418300,21242932,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,MyShpoonIsTooBig,"It's difficult to appreciate this if you come into playing this with the mindset that this is a ""game"".  You will get a lot more enjoyment out of this if you consider it a ""creepy interactive experience"".As a game it fails.  The only thing you do is walk around a forest avoiding random ""enemies"" you can't fight while trying to keep candles lit which isn't even necessary for survival.  That's it.  Yeah, you can find certain objects in each hour you're in (there are six), but I never felt particularly compelled to go looking for them. I just ran across them.As a ""creepy interactive experience"" this is very well done.  The atmosphere does a wonderful job making your skin crawl.  It's always dark except for the candle in your hand.  The trees sway in the wind.  Fog is always rolling about making it hard to see in the distance.  Weird things can happen to you randomly, like your candle gets suddenly blown out, creepy disembodied kid voices talk into your ear.  The music adds a lot to the tension of walking around waiting for something to pop out, which something will multiple times.  If you like jump scares, this experience will satisfy you immensely.I do not consider this a game.  If I did, I would hate it.  But as an creepy interactive experience, I really enjoy it.  I enjoy how tense I feel when walking around a dark, creepy woods waiting to avoid whatever is out there.  I enjoy the sound of the wind blowing through the forest.  I enjoy all the weird things that happen to me.  I especially enjoy the tension-adding music.  If you can buy this on sale, it's worth it.  If you're into creepy atmosphere and jump scares, you might just enjoy yourself with this."
76561198098305238,Recommended,418300,19787811,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,NapalmX717,"The game kind of has that Slenderman-vibe to it, but it's a lot more sinister and interesting than that. You play as a girl who's been left in the woods by her friends to play a game called ""Wick"" in which you have to survive the woods until 6am. Along with the eerie environment, what I really like are the clues that you pick up. Yes, you're thinking ""this is exactly like Slenderman!"" but it's not. There's a story to this game that relies heavily on police reports that you can view in the main menu and all the clues that you can pick up in each level. Sure you can play each level by just staying alive and nothing more, but the real fun is finding out what happened in these woods and why these kids are here. The gameplay is easy to pick up, basic movements from the ""wasd"" controls and ""E"" and ""F"" as interactions and the creep factor is pretty good, such as the jumpscares aren't too excesive or too little. I've only been able to play 10 minutes of the game, but so far I'm loving it and craving for more.https://youtu.be/6u0xD5VhZXs"
76561198036823321,Recommended,418300,22332849,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Malexir,"I have played so many horror games and this is by far the one to make want to become a priest. I literally had to put on deodorant mid game. Luckily for me, they make adult diapers. Otherwise it would be unplayable."
76561198280889518,Recommended,418300,23009611,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,SergeantSam,"Eh...it's good, I guess. Atmosphere seems to be the best aspect in this game. I do think it could of been more fleshed out if it was darker, though. Everything moves  smoothly and the graphics look nice. The idea isn't the most orignal; just a romp in the woods with ghosts. The enemy a.i is good and the movements of each enemy stand out from each other. The design of the monsters is slightly disappointing. On certain levels the enemies appear TOO much so it can stressful. Even some of the early levels are long, one felt like it was 20 MINUTES! The story is pretty interesting and enveloping and is fun to dwelve into. Overall, it's a game with some good ideas but could have been pulled off better . Also, the game has LOTS of jumpscares, some of which kinda don't need to be there, since the atmosphere is so great. I rate 7.5/10 (I tried to sum up this game real fast.)"
,Recommended,418300,19808700,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Shamdec,I find this game very interesting.  It does have a few jumpscares every now and then but it doesn't rely on them in order to make the game scary the atmosphere does an awesome job at that. Overall I would say that it is fun and you will get sucked into playing for a good while. Happy screaming!
,Recommended,418300,22295012,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,xINSTAK1LLx,GOOD GAME BUT MAD SCARY LOL
76561198006957460,Recommended,418300,24774282,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,☢Rooby Booby☢,"This is one of those horror games that I personally like, and is pretty good in its own way. The whole ""survive until 6AM"" may seem reminiscent of FNAF, but obviously it is not. With the addition of the DLC ""No Way Out"", the game gets even better. I'd say it's worth its current €6 price."
,Recommended,418300,27671049,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,jonnyboosock,"The verdict: I LOVE this game. Yes, it is your standard run around in the dark jump scare game, but it has its own little  things that make it different. You don't NEED to collect anything. You just have to survive, which involves using candles to light the way as you hide from and avoid the various ""kids"" if you will that are lurking the forest. The art style is great, there is nothing that looks out of character or cheesy. The game has the right amount of difficulty as well, so you can't just beat it in a quick sitting.  I'm at the 4 o'clock level right now and it is kicking my♥♥♥♥♥ But I'm loving every moment of it. I have a playlist of my ventures with the game right here on my channel. I'm 5 episodes in, and likely to have two more before I finish the main story.http://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLa1Z4g6IaXE8vCqjij8kCDMB29-GzjAZI"
76561198338616110,Recommended,418300,26847563,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,dravenr15,"Amazing game, this game completely blew my mind and everything about it I instantly loved. I have always loved horror games and this is one that I would definitely recommend to any horror game fan! 10/10 would play again and again and again and again and... well you get the idea, it's a recommended buy in my opinion! A round of applause goes out to Hellbent Games for this masterpiece of a game."
76561198295922239,Recommended,418300,26502220,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,TrasiWISERS,"This game is awesome, you can find a speical level after you finshed the normal game."
,Recommended,418300,26123281,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,HeavenSloth,Love me some creepy kids
,Recommended,418300,24091871,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Beelzeboss,"If you like horror games, then this little gem is worth buying.Pros -- Great gameplay- Amazing atmosphere to creep you out enough- Good story- Random jumscares to keep you on your toes- Secrets and special eventsCons -- Sometimes random FPS drops. Other than that, the game is great.Overall rating 10/10"
,Recommended,418300,23048861,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,DrunkenBrad,"Game is actually pretty good. It has a dash of Slender but with more than one threat that will change how you play each ""hour"" of the game. Visually things are good. The Game pulls a great pallet of blues to portray a full moon through fog. Sound is good as well and a good set of headphones is recommended for Wick. The only issues i'm having is with the timing in the game. For example: i found all three objects at 3:00am and died just before the clock struck 4am. This pushed me back to just running around at 3:00am till the time changes. Other than that it'sa good bite-sized horror game that will give you a good bump!"
76561198070861693,Recommended,418300,23062656,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Follow JustAHomelessGuy (twitch),"Strengths: -EXCELLENT ambiance/atmosphere-Interesting mechanics-Multiple bonuses to keep me playing-Delivers the horror vibe with style-ClichedWeaknesses: -Some cheap jumpscares- Cliched-ShortThere are a lot of games that claim to be ""horror"", or try to copy staples of the genre so bluntly it's cancerous, but...Uh, I had a point...Um 7/10 now leave me alone."
76561198053422627,Recommended,418300,20170415,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Zaxtor99 ® YouTube,"AAAAHHHHH!  HELP!  Who ever thought that children could be so creepy?!?  AHHHH!Here's my First Play experience with Wick:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VehhIFkUybsIt looks great, the controls feel good.  The lighting is well done.  And the kids running around are definitely done well to make them feel creepier then hell.This game is every bit as creepy and nerve wracking as any of the Five-Nights-At-Freddy games and it does it with it's own original elements,  Well done to the developer of this game!Easy 8/10 with the understanding that this game will probably be short term thrills only.  It's just not a game most people are going to play more then a handful of times."
76561198082945442,Recommended,418300,25085991,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Christina,"For those who like to walk through the night, frightening forest.I recommend to play late at night, alone in the dark with headphones loud.Those wishing to tickle nerves, I think, is quite suitable."
76561198087238056,Recommended,418300,21213853,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,BurglarCAT,Its fun to play with people and watch as you panic!
76561198010269206,Recommended,418300,21204980,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Sketch,https://youtu.be/5Y4QmmXjhvg
76561198119666864,Recommended,418300,21696363,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Bort,"Very good, but i'm only giving this review, because Charlie asked me to. Thanks Charlie!"
,Recommended,418300,23506852,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Blueberry,"Wick is a horror game with simple jumpscares (unless you're really that afraid)It's fun being scared :DIt's fun starting to feel sadistic :DI'm starting to have this permanent face :DProblem:-Difficult for people who do not have a sense in direction-You have terrible stamina-Your friends are terrible (very)Good Stuff:-A bunch of achievements-Easy to understand (probably) because it's almost like Slender and survive 6 hours so it's like FNAF-It's funYou are a teenager ^_^Yes, you're going to be murdered by little children :DNow go die a horrible death :D"
76561198079410616,Recommended,418300,24282205,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,ウボォーギン,"I played a lot of survival horror but this one has a very special place.What's surprising is that it's very cheap. Honestly I think this game is worth much more than what it actually costs, although it's kinda short.About the game:So you're a kid with a bunch of assholish friends who leave you in the woods to play WICK with cute murdering ghost kiddies. There are 5 unique characters to escape from and each one has their own strategy. You collect items as well.There is a funny slender like level you can also unlockPros:The voice acting and sound effects are great.So are the animations and models.But most importantly gameplay, it's really fun and unique.The story is very interesting (I wish there was more of that game to solve the remaining mysteries)GHOSTKIDDIESARESOCUTEPLEASEDONTTELLPEDOBEARLastly it isn't easy BUT it isn't rage difficulty.Cons:Couldn't find any to be honest.This game is TWELVE out of ten.Many thanks for Hellbent Games for making such epic game."
,Recommended,418300,23997092,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Nova Caine,Kids these days are weird
,Recommended,418300,24122154,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,North,This game is the best Horror Game ever i get to run away from Kids and Hold a Candle in the middle of the woods left by my own friends Oops! Spoilers? nah that was just the start.I highly intend this game is worth to buy if you are a Horror Gamer.
,Recommended,418300,24305542,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Toy Bon Bon Games,"This game is a all around good horror game. The idea of the children in the forest and the story that you’re friends tell you about it before they drop you off in the forest is quite interesting. The more you play the game the more you learn about the story and the origin of the children. The masks are nightmare inducing and perfect at the same time. There are multiple strategies much like any other game in order to survive the night. I personally love this game and love the story behind it. It’s very unique and ominous. This is a fun, creepy game. I voted for the game on Steam Greenlight, and am not disappointed! However, you should be aware that the game is not easy. Have fun beating it :)"
76561198191151838,Recommended,418300,27389425,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,TheSeussian,"I'm Gonna Say That This Is Some Terrifying Shiz. LIke Scary. This Game Is Overwhemingly Fun, Especially Watching Your Friends Play It! I Got This Game On Sale For Cheap And It Was Super Worth It. I Love Every Minute Playing It And The Ambience Of The Woods Adds To The ""Who's There"" Effect Of The Game. Though I Only Have A Slim Amount Of Hours On Record, I Absolutely Can't Wait Playing."
76561198253419033,Recommended,418300,24310833,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Nyxwex,"Recomend to all who love a good back story as well as a thrilling adventure. Love the game, favourite thing about the game has to be the backstory and the chatacters. And before anyone says anything, I have played and finished the game. Although it was on a friends acc, mind you i also havent played No Way Out as of yet."
76561198084371005,Recommended,418300,31441539,Posted: 29 April,all,*Pixiedust*,Fun little jumpscare game.
,Recommended,418300,31940156,Posted: 24 May,all,KILLER.CREEPY,best horror game
76561198207099315,Recommended,418300,24713760,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Mcdonald,Great game this game is action packed and scary you walk around and are being chased by these creeps every 5 minutes. some even get in front of you.
76561198083140597,Not Recommended,418300,30605525,Posted: 18 March,all,Theater Thug,"What a waste.There are some promising aspects of Wick from the opening levels. As a veteran player of first person horror titles, and as someone who first got into horror games during the craze of microbudget Unity horror games ignited by Slender, it felt pretty nostalgic returning to a similar environment - a haunting dark forest full of genuinely creepy ambience and a wide variety of NPCs to run away from - and at first, I thought this would be a game that built upon the Slender-esque mechanics and atmosphere with refined gameplay and story. I was wrong.Wick is marred by annoyingly tedious gameplay and an abundance of cheap deaths that ultimately ruin an otherwise passable indie horror game. The ""survival"" horror comes from outlasting groups of enemies in the same map every level. Sure, player and item spawns are randomized, but it gets old pretty quick. What killed Wick for me was pretty much the second half of the game. The sheer volume of enemies encountered is ridiculous. Take a similar but far superior horror game - Slender: The Arrival. It switches up the environments with great setpieces, and different enemies to match. Not in Wick - they just throw the same goddamn monsters at you in different groups and greater numbers. This results in spending hours on one level that's roughly 15 minutes - the repetition is truly a chore.Are there some good scares in Wick? Yes. The earlier levels boast some inventive qualities, I particularly enjoyed one enemy which floats and tampers with the player's vision. Otherwise, the enemies are pretty cookie cutter - there is one (Caleb I think) which bizarrely feels like the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ son of Bugs Bunny and the miner zombie from Plants vs Zombies.The story is just barely interesting enough to compell the player to trudge on. It's not told very creatively, nor is the story itself all that creative. At best, it's a creepypasta-grade campfire horror story told primarily by cheesy voice acting.Overall Wick is a waste of time and money. There are plenty of free indie horror games from years ago which will deliver a far more terrifying, rewarding, and story-based experience than this tedious misfire from Hellbent Games."
76561198261192213,Not Recommended,418300,23005360,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,l00kin f0r s0me slams,"You know, I really wanted to like Wick. It has some very great atmosphere, music, sound design, graphics, and a pretty cool candle mechanic. Unfortunately, we've played this game many times before. You walk around a dark forest while enemies randomly pop out of you in a rather hilarious way, you survive the night, onto the next night, and so forth. Imagine combining Slender: The Eight Pages and Five Nights at Freddy's into a game. Wick is literally that. Walk-through-a-forest-and-always-look-away simulator with some pretty cheap jumpscares that are only scary the first three times. I'm a MASSIVE horror junkie and I've played just about every horror game out there, so I can tell what's a quality horror game from one that's not. Wick gets boring rather fast without improving much to any of the gameplay. It does add a new enemy type to each night you survive, however, I rarely enccountered these enemies. The only characters to really pose a threat are the main enemy type; the ghost children. With bad design and dumb jumpscares, they lose their sense of being a scary threat too. The candle mechanic was done very well. You have a limited number of matches, which you use to light candles to keep the ghosts away while providing a light source. The candle starts to melt, so you have to be very careful with how you use your matches. If the enemy types were more scary and agressive, this would've made for a great game. If you enjoyed Slender and FNAF and are looking for games like them, Wick is worth the $10. However, if you're looking for a horror game that's different and doesn't misuse jumpscares, look further. A good horror game with great atmosphere and scares and around the same price range as Wick, try The Cursed Forest. I'm going to give Wick a 5/10."
,Recommended,418300,22508848,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,tmb2k,Where am I?
76561197982124018,Recommended,418300,22911516,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,LostSoldierTV,"So I just finished playing this game last night, and I have to say it was a lot of fun! If you are after a short game with plenty of jump scares then this is for you!Check out my Jump scare reel here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=coxAgm9mMss"
76561198125395486,Recommended,418300,19803343,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,LBG,I dont Know if u can post ur video here buthttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6l5Zy4wBVtwMy review :1. Good Graphic2. Creative Story3. Smooth Gameplay4. The Sytem Req is environmentally friendly5. It's Cheap but probably 10 times better than another horror game (in my opinion)
76561198046109277,Recommended,418300,20146292,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Luckzor,I got this game on special for $10 and gave it a go!It is a pretty standed horror game with jump scares nothing new.Check out my first time playing it belowMy short first impression -https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Y8v3SimGPI
76561198208550709,Recommended,418300,24409512,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,MrBrickster,This game is seriously awesome! I do lets plays on YouTube and this by far the best horror game I have ever played! People should definitely play this game if they haven't. Awesome game Awesome people.
,Recommended,418300,23079428,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Argentum ♡,creepy.
,Recommended,418300,28983695,Posted: 3 January,all,Neksn.,"Amazing-Good graphics-A Very Good Story-Good Gameplay-And it scares anyone who plays8,5/10"
,Not Recommended,418300,26423275,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,TheSmalHobbit,"Bought this expecting it to be scary, or at least a little bit scary. It's not. Just run around constantly. That's it. No random gibberish by the ghosts, no real anything. Most the time you just hear it appear and go, ""Oh no, I have to run now."" That's it."
,Not Recommended,418300,31167156,Posted: 15 April,all,All American Bad Boy,"The only thing scary about this game are the jump scares, and that's not technically scary as much as it is anxiety-inducing. Everything else falls flat. What a bore. Even for cheap there are better spooky games."
,Recommended,418300,23149099,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,cow,i♥♥♥♥♥♥myself
76561198224816360,Not Recommended,418300,34049370,Posted: 5 August,all,1070119615,It's boring.
,Recommended,418300,23774111,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Neometalero,"The game looks really nice, professional, and it maintains that throw the entire game. Good 3d models, animations and sound fxs.is obvious it's slenderman inspired theme, but was not bother with that. I didn't like slenderman, but this game sure is another thing. Each our of the game a new enemy is added, with new powers , what really make it really interesting to keep playing. The candle light mechanic is really interesting, and well done.The only bad aspect was the frame rate, never more than 15 fps. I a system that can play dark souls 3 at 60 fps."
,Recommended,418300,23626360,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Fiv,10/10 Would buy bring gun to a night-time game of Wick.10/10 would♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants to the sight of small children.Gaben halp.
,Not Recommended,418300,23509165,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,FudgeTouch,Jump scares with loud noises and a mix of 12 year old and 30 year old children voices.
,Not Recommended,418300,25403926,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,zLKida,This game is scary with good atmosphere and sound. The game also has great voice acting but is so repetative and kinda boring after 10 mins
,Recommended,418300,22846662,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Bach,"So first off this game is a first person horror, action packed, Indietastic, thrilling, game. The story is Mind numbing and keeps you wanting more. Collecting papers with nothing but a candle brings a slender esc vibe and gives you chills with the very darkness and the terrifying sounds of the night. The “stay alive to 6 am” factor is also a bit five nights at freddy’s like but it’s still an interesting factor for the game as it brings new information for the story each hour you survive. And you can continue after each hour."
76561198020085437,Recommended,418300,19746869,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Nokzen,"Got beaten up by some kids!Game gave me a few scares during my playthrough, but its fairly simple as far as i can tell, stay alive, Gather artifacts, survive the night, dont run out of candles/matches, The darkness is best avoided.heres a quick look at gameplay:https://youtu.be/OTpTE83FujA"
,Not Recommended,418300,24472076,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,SpiderBoom,"I do not care for this game. It is nothing like what I had expected and rather disappointing.First off the voice acting is so cringey, it's like they weren't even trying to set the mood?Second, once one of the kids are in front of you there is next to no time to get away without them jumping on you and killing you.There are some jump scares which is about the only thing I liked about it.I was really hoping to love this game but I just don't ):"
,Recommended,418300,28581966,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,closer2me,too scary for me!!!
76561198035575026,Not Recommended,418300,26065933,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,H.Sass,"Voice acting is so good, but the rest of the game is quite boring.Its kinda like Slenderman, where you just go around and not get cought.Still, gonna give it one more chanse. IF the game is only cheap jumpscares, Im out."
,Not Recommended,418300,19794341,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,^4W^7ar^4M^7achine,"Looks great, endless jump scares, ambiance is excellent for a horror gameNo jumping, get stuck on rocks and such.Its all about the candles, walk to 1, light it with existing candle to conserve matches, wait for ghost to spawn, sprint in opposite direction.Gather pictures, a cross, random items along the wayDont let the lights go out or its gg.There is more fun watching paint dry, but check it out for yourself. They were really onto something just got lost in translation."
76561197999602910,Not Recommended,418300,24162823,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Rostburken,"I thought this game was like pokemon, but it wasn't."
,Not Recommended,418300,25212606,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,<EdgeCrusher> [GTribe],"Wick is one of those games where the protagonist is left in the middle of nowhere and needs to find stuff in order to survive in a certain number of time. This would've been good if it was the first game to use this game play. It's been done before by numerous other survival horror games. First few tries, it's cool and scary. But it get's pretty old fast.PROS-scary, atmospheric & pumps up the adrenaline-smooth graphics-excitingCONS-too many jump scares can make it tiring after the 100th death scene-you can die pretty much quickly-lack of variation-been there done that"
,Not Recommended,418300,21627024,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,I like anime girls,"This game takes a ♥♥♥♥in beefy pc, i cant run this at more then 5 fps"
,Recommended,418300,26567025,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,draconia012214,This Game has got me stuck and in Awe. I have been stuck on 3 am for sometime now. This game is amazing and very scary. I love how detailed the sound is while wearing headphones. The game play is amazing.
76561198284821883,Recommended,418300,26528616,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,trythesauce,"It is another indie 6 night survival game, and yet it still impresses. It has many different and unique mechanics that make it stand out. My only problem is that it looses the scare factor pretty fast."
,Recommended,418300,33500058,Posted: 13 July,all,The HeatFlow,♥♥♥♥ this game for being probably the scariest ♥♥♥♥ing game ever! Creepy♥♥♥♥♥kids chasing me in the woods. As a grownass 6ft4 200 pound man I♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥myself... Well played.
76561198314008130,Recommended,418300,33313761,Posted: 6 July,all,WKWKWK LAND,"Huge camp area, creepy ghost and good jumpscares. ""Wick"" is a creepy horror game, i like it."
,Recommended,418300,34148885,Posted: 10 August,all,Apple Juice,2 scary
,Recommended,418300,34225593,Posted: 13 August,all,zombiedollattack,Such a fun and creepy game. I kept screaming at the the jumpscares.
76561198407020580,Recommended,418300,33930043,Posted: 31 July,all,Slivpiv101,"I am absolutely furious with this game. It looked great and I used 7 dollars to purchase it. It was fine at first with the intro, telling the begining story of WIck. But when I got to the gameplay, the view just went up to the top so I was viewing the sky spinning in circles. I am very dissapointed and want my money back.Update: I deleted this game and reinstalled it. It worked perfectly after that. I'm thinking something happened in the process of installing it the first time.Overall, I (now) really enjoy the game. It has a decent storyline and the jumpscares and environment are pretty horrifying. If your looking for a horror/jumpscare game, I now highly reccomend you to try Wick!Update 2: I got to the ""Last Year"" section of the game and whenever I try to beat it, it freezes mid game, and then crashes and i have to start over, so I can't really play that section. There may be a few bugs and it may need an update.I do, however, still highly recommend Wick!"
76561197963852846,Recommended,418300,34699309,Posted: 2 September,all,Finger,"I guess it's okay if your a kid (under like, 20) I was hoping it would be up there with games like Dark Deceant, but alas, it was not, although for younger players it might be okay.And it's cheap!"
,Recommended,418300,34745248,Posted: 4 September,all,Lucky Shadow,"If you enjoy being scared in general, try this game. If you do not enjoy being absolutely terrified in some way, shape or form, you will not enjoy Wick. It wants to be frightening without substituting surprise for actual terror, and succeeds rather magnificently, I think. Think Emily Wants to Play, but actually refined and polished to near perfection. 5 kids, each with different mechanics. Constant, set rules should mean that you need only pay attention to your surroundings and you'll survive, but in practice each child is designed to make you panic and screw up, so that even as they kill you you can only blame yourself for getting caught. Top notch sound design and an oppressive atmosphere make for an endearingly terrifying experience."
76561198134050369,Recommended,418300,31327603,Posted: 23 April,all,petertheotter,"Nice little survival horror game with good graphics.You're alone in a ♥♥♥♥ing forest during the night, with only matches and candles as friends against bloody children.The sound effects are so good, I really recommend it.And good luck. (really, you're going to need it."""
