user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,418370,29458892,Posted: 24 January,all,Kailian,"Little over three hours in; Familar puzzles are back, traps are back, backtracking and exploring (in a fun way) is back, trying not to♥♥♥♥♥♥yourself while you run through a hallway to conserve ammo as several giant things try to kill you is back, ridiculous humor mixed with gameplay is back, classic Resident Evil storytelling is back...Welcome Back Resident Evil, you were missed.Edit: I cheered at the end, and almost woke my wife and son up at six in the morning. I'm glad I avoided the spoilers.Welcome back [Redacted] and [Redacted], I'll be waiting for the free DLC."
76561198046999977,Recommended,418370,29473993,Posted: 24 January,all,Steph Nuggs,"My god.. Capcom did it. They saved the franchise. I'm honestly shocked.When the first teaser dropped I thought for sure this would just be a P.T. copy which I was sort of okay with. Turns out I was wrong. This is a classic Resident Evil game. Like, RE1 classic. Complete with puzzle solving, INVENTORY MANAGEMENT, and tense stressful boss encounters. The game brings back the storage box system even! I can't stress enough how amazing this game is as a long time RE fan. If you're one too, do yourself a favor and pull the trigger on this one. Best game since RE4.... May even be better."
,Recommended,418370,32080427,Posted: 31 May,all,Frequent-Flyer,PROS:-Good balance between dangerous areas to move through and safe areas where you can focus on other goals-This is especially important for me because I'm terrible at getting around enemies (I can't play Outlast) but games with almost no real danger can get boring quickly. This game is PERFECT.-Good story. Good pacing. Made me want to figure out what the hell's going on.-Nothing repetitive-The illusion of choice. Cruel reality.-The first horror game I ever bought was Amnesia; The Dark Descent and ever since I've been waiting for something to match it. This might actually be better.CONS:-I honestly don't know.-You can't jump.
,Recommended,418370,29479748,Posted: 25 January,all,Kanaev,"Resident Evil 7 didn't lie about it ""returning to the roots"". The aura of the original Resident Evil is everywhere in this game, plus it doesn't shine away from the classic fans pondering with reenactment of some memorable moments from the first game.First of all - this isa game. Not a walking simulator, as some people thought it would be. It's 100% a game and the gameplay is wonderful. Gunplay is very satisfying. Resources are incredibly limited (played on the Madhouse right away) and enemies are fast and can catch up to you even if you are running. Since this is a ""classic"" RE - killing is optional unless it's a boss. You can run and dodge past everything. Even on the Madhouse.On the other hand - you can try and kill everything in sight as well, as long as you are precise with your shots and utilize the knife when needed (once again, just like the classics). The knife. Oh the knife. Because of how limited the ammo is - I spent a lot of time dodging the enemies and stabbing them with the knife. Unlike classics, here it's actually useful while still being vastly inferior to the guns (hello 4-6 with overpowered melee).What I also liked is the ""dodging"". No, there's no dodge mechanic a la RE3. It's all done by moving and crouching (also there's a block). But attacks of the enemies are telegraphed perfectly, so you can always dodge out of their way if you pay attention and it feels really good to dodge a devastating attack not by pressing a promt that appears on the screen or performing an I-frames move, but by doing it yourself with the controls that are used constantly outside of combat as well.Also fantastic bosses, but I'll keep quiet about them.I really-really enjoyed gameplay in this game.Designwise this game shines as well. As this is a classic RE - a lot of backtracking is to be expected, but it's implemented so perfectly that you don't even feel like it's a backtracking. There's constantly something new in the old locations. They change their looks. Enemies appear / disappear. With newfound keys you can get a whole different perspective at navigating trough the locations.If to talk about aesthetics - enemies are very frightening and disgusting. I jumped at several occasions from the combination of their looks and how they move. Graphical fidelity is also outstanding, but all female characters gave me uncanny valley feeling. Male characters looked great, so I don't know why is that.The ""scare"" factor.This game is frightening, but not all the time. The ""horror"" genre it delivers constantly shifts in tone. It can be at times atmospheric and fill you with dread. Or it can turn into a b style slasher movie with lots of gore and other disgusting factors like The Texas Chain Saw Massacre from which the game obviously took a lot of inspiration for some scenes and designs. The game also often tries to light itself up with ridiculous factor. There are several scenes that should be scary, but they are purposfully presented in such way that you start laughing and having fun. Also some of the enemies are blatanly playing with you for their own amusement. Shock factor is done really great here.But when the game wants to be dark - it delivers. Some performances by the actors and associated scenes forced me to take a short break. I'm still not entirely ""happy"" that I watched the ""Happy Birthday"" videotape.About tapes- before the release I thought that they would be a big deal and I also heard that we would be able to do some things in the tapes that would change the present, but there's no such thing. There's very little amount of tapes(four)and all but one are completely optional. They give some insight on the characters and past events. Some of them would make more sense after the ending, but they are not as big of a deal as I was led to believe. Just if the tapes were a factor for anyone out there. They are neat little things, but the emphasis is on ""little"".Storyis great and nicely ties everything together. It also rewards those who paid close attention, because a lot of stuff can be figured out with deduction and memory. Sincenoneof the Resident Evil gameseverhad any sort of good story - I would go as far as saying this is the best RE game story-wise. They were all B-movies before, and this one is true to that, but still tries to be something more, which it manages to pull off.Performance. The game is wonderfully optimized. My rig is - GTX 780, i7-3770, 12 GB of RAM. I use a normal HDD and played in 1080p with all settings being at max except for Shadows (they were at High, while the max is Very High). I also used SSAO instead of HBAO+ and Shadow Cache was turned off. Resolution scale 1.0.The biggest hit out of those three settings is the Shadow Cache. Whlist turning it on the game dipped from 60FPS to ~30. With Shadow Cache off, but other two settings at max I was able to maintain constant 60 fps until I got out of the ""prologue"", where there started to be drops at some room transitions to 50 fps (but it quickly got back to 60 after the ""loading"" was done). It wasn't too bad, but I got tired from it quickly and turned the above mentioned two settings down as well, and was able to maintain a stable 60 fps for the duration of the game.Now for the biggest turn off and probably the only ""big"" minus of this game -playtime.I clocked in a bit over thirteen hours for my first playtrough. But. This isSteamplaytime. I was playing on the Madhouse difficulty and dieda lot. The screen at the end of the game showed me the total ofnine hours and twenty two minutes. That's 43 restarts and almost four hours of lost progress. I explored a fair bit. I know I still missed stuff. I got 25 out of 33 coins. Half of the bobble-heads and left several chests unopened because I didn't find enough lock-picks. I did, however, read all notes in the game. I would say my exploration total was pretty good and I've seen most of what the game can offer. There is, however, a decision late in the game which I presume changes the second to last chapter drastically.Or not. Now that I've cleared it - it doesn't change squat. Three cutscenes are different. One additional fight, but the chapter itself is the same. I honestly expected more...If you are the type who plays games on easy. Doesn't explore for the items, read the documents and generally just rushes trough the game - I would say that the first playtrough for someone like that it would take around five or six hours for the first playtrough. So, there you have it. The biggest minus of this game. Playtime for the first timers can be anywhere in range from5 to 15 hours, depending on the difficulty and ability of the one who plays.Just a quick word about Madhouse- they give you enough tapes. I felt like it was a perfect balance of saves, just like the first Resident Evil. There are autosaves though. They are rare. I think I noticed about seven of them troughout the entire game, and they are placed... weirdly. Like there's only two before the boss fights, while with others you have to rely on your own saves. One of them was incredibly strange because it happened at the transition from one of the save rooms (I'm glad I didn't use the tape right away and opened the door first!). So yeah. I don't think they take away from the challenge factor, because of how weridly they are spread out. And they are at fixed places. Because when I noticed an auto save at one moment I loaded up a previous save and went doing some hard side-stuff, that would have required me to save manually after anyway.P.S.It was a fantastic experience and I'm glad that I have bought this game. I wish it was longer, but what there is is incredible. I seriously doubt that the upcoming free DLC or Season Pass would have much playtime. Oh well, I already bought the Deluxe and will just wait and see."
76561198069532861,Recommended,418370,29457272,Posted: 23 January,all,duckcrumb,Despite the shift to first person this definitely feels like a classic Resident Evil game. The puzzles and the pacing of the combat in this game fit right along side the early RE games. It's a strange but very pleasant surprise to see my favorite series changing with the times yet still retaining its spooky identity.
,Recommended,418370,33769195,Posted: 24 July,all,Salty Juniper,"As someone who has played nearly every Resident Evil game (even Resident Evil Gaiden), I think that RE7 is not only a great game on its own, but also a step in the right direction for the series. Of course, many fans of the series probably will not like the transition to first-person, but for me that isn't too much of a problem. For me, it's not the camera angle that makes a Resident Evil game good, but the horror elements and enemy designs, which RE7 delivers on.Here's a basic list of my experiencePros:+Shooting is made tense by the limited ammo combined with enemy movement patterns.+Baker family is full of personality, and make each cutscene fun to watch.+Exploring the Baker Mansion is a blast, and you never get the feeling that there's a useless or boring room.+Boss fights are very well-designed (with the exception of the final one). No two boss fights are the same.+Tons of graphical options, including some I've never even seen before. Whether you play the game on a toaster or a quantum computer, you should be able to find the settings that are right for you.+Tons of inspiration from horror movies, especially Evil Dead+DLC is actually well-designed, and pretty fun+Decent new game+ rewards for completing certain tasksCons:-Tons of unskippable events where nothing really happens. This isn't much of a problem for the first playthrough, but when you're going through your 3rd or 4th run they will eat up almost half of your game time. These are especially bad in the Guest House area.-As mentioned earlier, the final boss sucked, and barely even qualifies as a boss.-Not much enemy variety. Excluding the Baker family, there's only 3 types of enemies (4 if you include the normal molded with bigger claws)-Some of the DLC should have just been part of the base game. Minigames are basically standard in the Resident Evil series, so it's kind of unfair that they didn't include at least one in the base game.-No unlockable costumes, which has been a staple in the series (to be fair, this doesn't matter as much in first-person, but it would have been nice)Neutrals (either good or bad depending on the player):=Game is short, but doesn't have any filler. Some people may prefer longer games, even if it means more filler.=Like many other games in the series, this starts off as a horror game with limited resources and weak weapons, and ends as an action game with tons of weapons (including a grenade launcher)=The game isn't very connected to previous games in the series. You don't need to have played the previous games in order to understand the story in this one (though there are a few references newcomers will miss).One final note: If your favorite game in the series is either 4, 5, 6, or the Revelations games, you may be disappointed. Unlike those games, this game does not focus that much on combat. There is no ammo or currency dropped when you kill an enemy. The inventory is much more restricted. And you are much more vulnerable in this game.If you loved the classic Resident Evils, and you don't mind the change to first-person (which Capcom had been experimenting with since Resident Evil Survivor), you'll probably like this game.If you have never played Resident Evil, but you love horror games, you'll probably like this.8/10"
76561198048974498,Recommended,418370,29898529,Posted: 13 February,all,rjmacready,"The horror...the horror...and I gotta say...IT'S ABOUT ♥♥♥♥ING TIME, CAPCOM.First up, there's been an awful lot of conjecture about what this game's main influences may or may not have been. From someone who's actually seen an awful lot of horror films, and played an awful lot of horror games, here's my two cents on the subject:Early Resident Evil games (especially the original) = obvious significant influence;Outlast = obvious significant influence;The Texas Chainsaw Massacre movies (especially the original) = obvious significant influence;The Evil Dead movies (especially the original) = obvious significant influence;The Saw movies/games = obvious significant influence (towards the end of the game);...and maybe a wee bit of F.E.A.R., Alien: Isolation, Monstrum, and Penumbra (by the very, very end of the game).Yes, the P.T. demo probably played a part in Capcom's decision-making process, but the ""influence"" here is far more business-based than aesthetic. Konami famously ""ripped off"" Capcom many years back with a little franchise called Silent Hill (you P. T. conspiracy theorists may have heard that name somewhere), so perhaps Capcom are merely returning the favour since Konami so spectacularly dropped the ball.Now that♥♥♥♥♥♥s over, let's get on with the actual review.For a company which has made all the worst possible decisions in recent years - Resident Evil 6, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ console ports with zero customer service, those appalling c-grade Milla Jovovich action movies - Capcom has finally made one of the greatest decisions in the history of video gaming. Yes, it is my opinion that this entry firmly returns the series to its horror ""roots"". Sure, they've added first-person to the equation - which they've done a few times before, for the record, just never in a ""numbered"" RE game - but the spirit of the earliest Resident Evil games is definitely alive and well.This game always faced something of a dilemma in regards to keeping both fans of the OLD Resident Evil happy and fans of more RECENT Resident Evil product happy...and it's gotta be said that while it obviously couldn't please everybody, it does have some fairly eloquent solutions to this problem. While the game does a great job of emulating the vulnerability and ""puzzles"" of the old games (minimal ammo and healing; a shotgun-related puzzle lifted almost wholesale from RE1), it also finds ways to make certain situations fairly ""modern"" and action-y without taking too much away from the intimacy of the story and environments (just enter the garage for the first time, and you'll see what I mean)!The ""main hall"" of the farmhouse even has faint echoes of the original RE's iconic mansion, without ever compromising the freshness and integrity of the new environments which the game takes place in (while franchise newbies can just enjoy the story and scenery for what it's worth, without needing any prior knowledge whatsoever of RE history).Needless to say this game isn't ""perfect"". The gore is, upon occasion, a tad on the silly side, drawing things a bit dangerously close to ""comedy"" territory; and the graphics might take a bit of tampering to get them looking just right (amateur ""pro"" tip to those as clueless as myself: changing my ""render"" mode from Interlaced to Normal seemed to do the trick, transforming a slightly ""blurry"" experience into one of the most gorgeous and photo-realistic games I have ever laid eyes upon). But these are minor criticisms at best, cited by a long-term fan desperate to look just the tiniest bit ""objective"" (when in reality, he's as happy as a pig in mud with his new purchase).The only remotely MAJOR criticism I would make is that the ""stealth"" A.I. is a tad on the iffy side, with enemies seemingly ignoring any amount of sound you might make in favour of only visual recognition. But given how few and far between these parts of the game are, it's no biggie. Despite the significant Outlast influence, this game is certainly not trying to take that franchise's place. (Old fans, rest assured: you will get to murder puh-lenty of enemies before the game is done.)Simply put, one of the greatest horror games ever made, and a truly unbelievable return to form for the company which so recently gave us the borderline atrocity known as RE6. This game pulls no punches, unless you were crazy enough to expect, say, semi-explicit genital mutilation and grotesque parodies of female childbirth in a Capcom game. You're not THAT silly, are you? Outlast 2 may yet emerge as the ""best"" rustic first-person horror game to be released this year, but rest assured that Resident Evil 7 will at least run a very, very, VERY close second.Welcome home, Capcom.Verdict: 10/10."
,Recommended,418370,29531773,Posted: 27 January,all,Gatsu,"This was such a fantastic game to the franchise <(^_^)>. One of the best Resident Evils in many  years. When 7 was first announced back in the days I wasn't sure what to think about it after seeing the first trailer, as it was going to be in 1st person view. After trying the demo though on ps4 months ago, I felt that it was actually a really great way to do a new RE and to get out of that actionish style.I've been a fan of RE since 1996, when I first played the original game with my brothers. For a 8 year old kid it was something incredible to play a bloody game of survival against zombies. Seeing how it changed into more action style during the years isn't what I wanted, but I still love RE4 and 5. 6th game was mostly an abomination (Leon's campaign was pretty good), I couldn't  get into Revelations games very well yet.So yeah, I've been hoping a long time for Capcom to go back to the more scary survival horror feeling, back to the roots. Because that is what I've loved RE for the most and they definitely managed to do it now. The horror is what RE is known for.The story here is about Ethan Winters, who goes to search for his missing wife Mia. He happens to end up in a madhouse full of crazy ♥♥♥♥ing hillbillies. Enjoy the Baker family hospitality... I guess Ethan didn't play Silent Hill 2 or he might've known this is a bad idea to look for your wife.Some might say that it is like Outlast or PT, but it's not. This game is clearly Resident Evil and you will notice it once you play further in the story. It's a good change to the gameplay, it adds new things but also don't forget the old fans like me. As it has things that are familiar from the PS1  games, that was nice to see. No kungfu moves (which is a good thing) like the action games have  with Michael Bay explosions everywhere.Some seem to be complaining, that the game is too short which I don't really understand. Resident Evils often haven't been the longest games. Average completion time is about 10-15h maybe, depends how you play. Imo that is not too short. I personally love to play shorter games once in a while, because can't play games as much as before. Not every game need to be a Witcher 3 and horror games don't always work very well if they are too long. Many of my favorite games ever are less than 15h. RE7 took me 9h21min to complete on Normal difficulty which is a perfect length, but it felt a lot longer to be honest.Another complaint is that the game has 1st person. Well games have to change at some point and like RE changed with 4. So in a way it is better to try something new, instead of doing again what they did for many years. People often complain if things change and if they don't, can't satisfy everyone.Capcom is back doing what they are best at. Resident Evils have been going on for 20 years and I'm glad they still know how to do it well, even if it's a bit different. The story is great, graphics are awesome, gameplay runs smoothly, no crashes, it has item customizations, it has puzzles, no coop and enjoyable boss battles. I'm not sure if I have the balls to try the Madhouse Mode difficulty yet >_<.To me, it was scary and intense at many moments, and I've missed that feeling. I'm not gonna spoil the story or the ending, but just gonna say that the ending was cool ;). The story is different from the usual RE story. I do recommend this, especially to the fans of the games, but newcomers could enjoy it too if isn't too expensive. I loved pretty much everything about it. I also do often prefer 3rd person view, but the change works here and in my opinion, 1st person view brings the horror feeling better.Next stop, Resident Evil 2: Remake, hopefully we get to see a trailer of it soon <3."
,Recommended,418370,29494790,Posted: 25 January,all,Ggdograa,"Resident Evil 1 in FPS mode, with Nemesis-style rednecks chasing after you. There's inventory management, item boxes, lockpicks, herbs, NG+ mode and lots of bullet sponge bosses to fight. It's both a decent horror game and a decent entry in the Resident Evil franchise and should be played by fans of the series and newcomers alike.Full video review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tyTPVh29its"
76561197977401021,Recommended,418370,29546660,Posted: 28 January,all,Donkey Kong's Mom,"Too many ""gamers"" ramp up the fake reactions to games like this, which can make genuine reactions or reviews seem hammed up. As of now, Resident Evil 7 is the scariest/best horror game I have ever played. I have never been so happy and sad to finish a game before: happy because I was legitimately getting knots in my stomach from fear, and sad because I will not be able to have a first playthrough of the game again.Thank you, Capcom and the developers, for creating a Resident Evil game that both took a bold new direction and yet remained true to the series."
,Recommended,418370,29466715,Posted: 24 January,all,r3dxfaction,"heart brokenly short, amazing game, perfect resident evil game, scary yet funfluent yet allows you to play your way, however a perfect game it may be, i advise to wait for the price to drop.I took my sweetime playing it on my first walkthrough, even took small breaks, and only managed to get over 10 hours, the puzzles are really easy and boss fights are casual at best, even on hard difficulty, but other than the lenght of the game, it is perfect in every sense, the story barely connects to the resident evil universe so if you havent been keeping up with the other resident evil games, this wont affect the storyIF YOU DONT MIND SPENDING $60 FOR 10HOURS OF FUN THEN GET THIS GAME"
,Recommended,418370,33893137,Posted: 29 July,all,@Dicky Spanish,Pretty much like my last holiday in London except the people are friendlier in this game.
,Recommended,418370,29473984,Posted: 24 January,all,Heml0ck,"First things first, I am a massive fan of the series... That being said, when going into this game I was a little bias against it. I did not like how the first person felt like a direct rip off of P.T Demo, and I thought it was a cash in on the popularity of outlast and slender. The demo only reassured me of these things, so like Pavlov's Dog I went into this expecting a repeat experience.I. WAS. VERY. WRONG.What Resident Evil 7 Offers is much more compariable to Alien Isolation in its playstyle, however with some differences.  You don't quite feel defenceless as you are (to some extent) armed, but fighting does feel like a last resort as you are an Average Joe... Running is almost always safer so fighting always feels like a struggle and this is a massive point in the games favor.  The Atmosphere is dauntingly beautiful, and the game is arguably one of the better looking games I've played in a long time. This coincides very well with the soundtrack and the player perspective, overall placing the awe back into the franchise in a big way. The Jumpscare factor is way less than I expected and although they do appear from time to time, they never feel cheap or rely on turning the volume up to 11 to unfairly force you to jump at non-scary scenarios.Overall I recommend this game very highly as a horror experience.  As a game it is a very clean release with no notable bugs in the software, so it feels like a premium release compared to anything made by other companies in recent years. (e.g. Ubisoft or EA). This game could be described as ""If Alien Isolation and Rob Zombies 'House of 1000 Corpses' had a lovechild, who was disturbingly attractive"""
,Recommended,418370,29765310,Posted: 7 February,all,_YzR,"ok i beat the game on normal and madhouse difficulty now, so i will try to make a review for this RESIDENT EVIL 7 games...- GRAPHICamazing graphic, i love the atmosphere of this game.. the detail of the wood house, the detail on bakers family characters, is amazing.. all the gore feel so real, and this is maybe the most beautiful RE games for now. i love the HDR effect, so if you are staying on a full light room and after that you enter a dark room, it is really dark.and yes, you must play the game with the reccomended brightness to really feel the game (but if you are not brave enough, just maxed out the brightness), and this is a matter of taste, the color range, the BT.709 i think better than SRGB (but many people more like the SRGB, it's just a matter of personal taste), cuz i think the BT colour offer more contrast and a pure dark color in a dim lighted area, it's more atmospheric, the SRGB on the other hand is more to a desaturation and minimal contrast but it's also have a heightened gamma so the game more bright. for the Antialiasing method i prefer TAA only, so the image is appear softer and almost eliminate the staircase effect, i personally reccomend you guys dont use FXAA+TAA because it makes the graphic too soft and it looks blurry.And if you don't have at least a 6gb VGA card dont set the texture to max, and also the shadow count is better turned off to maximize the performance (i'm using 980Ti, and the dynamic shadows and shadow count is turned off).- PERFORMANCEi'm playing this game at all max and render scale at 1.5 on 1920x1080 using the 980Ti OCed, the game run smoothly without hiccups, but if you are running to the new area, the game is often STUTTER and even FREEZE, maybe it because the game try to render a new area without a loading screen, but i find this very annoying, it should be getting fixed by the developer ASAP.and i have to say that i really dissapointed to see that the 4K res is capped at 30fps.aaaand, there is an issue, if you alt+tabbing this game, when you switched to this game again, the frame rate will be droped to maybe a single digit maybe at around 9-18fps, so at this time i reccomend you not using a borderless windows setting.-GAMEPLAYat first, when i see the demo on youtube i feel a bit dissapointed because capcom change the perspective to a first person, why?? even after i play the demo on steam, i still a bit dissapointed because the RE i know is not a FP games. but eventually i decided to buy it, and after play it a couple of hours, i feel satisfied, THIS is The TRUE Survival Horor i feel i'm back to my childhood (i play the RE 1,2,3 around age of 10-12 years old and enjoying it), the RE4 is very phenomenal, but i'm little dissapointed on RE5 because it becomes more to an action game than a survival horror and the inventory management is gone, and the RE6 is good (but not too good) because it is becoming more more action oriented and ammo everywhere and no invent management.so when i play the demo i checked the inventory, and feel happy to see the little inventory tab at the screen, the item box and classic safe room. WOW. the walking speed on ethan is slow (but you can upgrade it by wearing light shoes after you destroy a certain items) the run speed is not too fast too.the reload speed is trivial, it's not a problem at all, and the main  things in RE games is the inventory management, so you can spend a couple of minute to try to manage the limited item to your limited inventory to make more space for you if you found another items, the stack is not too big, the ammo is scarce so you have to carefully manage it all and use it with efficiency and it makes the game more challenging.the gunplay is good, but nothing new, you can shot the enemy limbs example you can shot the fat mold feet when he's charging so he's fall, you can shot the head to make a big damage. the new feature is the guard system, the guard is your friend, and on madhouse difficulty guarding is vital to your survivability.Speaking of Madhouse difficulty, the Madhouse difficulty is a True RESIDENT EVIL, when you play in that difficulty all the item location is changed (different from easy or normal), the ammo is very limited, the enemies have a bigger health and damage, and the checkpoint is limited to your save file, and even the save file is also limited by a cassette tape so you must think and cleverly survive and make a decision, it really add more tension and fear of dying, and also if you dying a lot it can be an annoying thing too, cuz you have to start all the way through again from your last save and maybe lose and hours of progress, but hey i beat the madhouse, so can you. :) :)- SOUND and MUSICoh my god...!!! the ambiance sound in this game is top notch, i play it with my kraken chroma, and the ambiance sound of surrounding is often surprise me, sometime i though my own footstep is enemies walking behind me, the voice actor is good, but the best part of voice actor is a guys who voiced jack baker, the voice is too creepy and menacing, but it also have a kind sound that gone bad, kinda explain you that jack is not a really psycho, just a normal man who turned psycho by the main antagonist of this game,.the music is good but nothing too iconic, just a safe room music maybe cuz everytime i enter that room, i feel safe when i heard that music lol.The gun sound is not that good, i feel like i'm using a toy weapon everytime i shot my machine gun or shotgun, but i think all the other RE games have this similar gun sound, so yeah..the sound in this game makes a lot difference, it makes the game more creepy with the ambiance sound and often tense music, and when i try to play it without my headset the game is more relaxing but i can't hear an enemies presence if i don't wear the headphone and all the jumpscare is not surprising enough when you can't listen the sound. lolso i reccomend you lower the sound if you are afraid to be surprised or frightened. but if you want to fully experience the games, you must use the headphones.- STORYthe story is not that good, it's about Ethan Winters, an ordinary guy searching for his missing wife (he get's an email from his missing wife that tells come to the Location of this game and pick her up), but after he's arrived, the place is seemed so sketchy and mysterious and scary.it is indeed have a plot twist and new kind of virus, so it kinda explain why the bakers went psycho and all invincible, but it lacks of a RE character, the only one character that's been arguing about is the ""Redfield"" character at the end of the game, is it that redfield, or is capcom tries to mess with us.. and the introduction to an all new logo of Umbrella corps.- IS IT WORTH THE PRICE???i don't think so, you can beat the game at 4 hours, or maybe 2-3 hours when you speedrun with infinite ammo on easy (i will try it later), so the point is the main story is short, but if you playing blindly for the first time (no peeking at youtube) you will get an average to 8-10 hours to beat this game.- SEASON PASS?the DLC for PC will released on 21 Feb 2017,but i've seen the content on PS4, and this is basically from my perspective, i think that the vol 1&2 DLC isn't worth your money, i mean it's too expensive for a content that so short, there's maybe a lot replayability with nightmare or jack's 55 birthday or even 21, but after a while it getting repetitive.the Bedroom is maybe the only good DLC, but after you figure out the puzle you can beat it at no time. Daughters is personally my biggest dissapointment, it's too short and lack of depth.but i do reccomend to buy this games, maybe on sale, or right now, it's your choice.OVERALL:9/10, a True Survival horrorthanks for reading my review (i hit the text limit so i cant write more)..if you curious? you can buy it here:http://store.steampowered.com/app/418370/"
,Recommended,418370,29653645,Posted: 2 February,all,Det. Dicksmack²,"[SPOILER FREE REVIEW]If you've been following Resident Evil 7, even before and after its release, you may stumble across a common phrase: ""This game is a classic return to its roots."" Now I consider myself a self-proclaimed video game connoisseur but I never had the opportunity to experience the original games when they were relevant and new. As such, I don't think I can appropriately judge this game's horror to that of it's predecessors. I could say I played Resident Evil 2, but I don't think 5 year old me holding the controller for 30 seconds bawling my eyes out counts. Perhaps that makes this review null. However, I did enjoy a lot of time with Code Veronica X and I loathed every second of Outbreak to a point that had me wishing making your character overdose on an herb was possible if it meant the game would end with a story-concluding canonical ending. Nevertheless, if those games are prime example of the franchise's roots then perhaps this review might be worth something afterall.In terms of taking influence from earlier games of the franchise, Resident Evil 7 does so by re-introducing a mansion setting, albeit this time deep in the heart of the Louisiana bayou, and putting emphasis on navigating claustrophic hallways, searching around for key items to unlock areas, and some backtracking. You may have heard that this game has puzzle solving but there is about as much puzzles in the game as there was horror in Resident Evil 4, 5, and Giraffe BJ; None except for one notable instance. That's about all, ""to the roots,"" as you get from this installment. That's not necessarily a bad thing though, because it only uses this classic style of gameplay and builds entirely new mechanics around it. Capcom finally understands that horror is best experienced when it's affecting the individual playing the game personally. As such, the characters we've all come to know and love have been tossed aside and replaced with a somewhat blank slate named Ethan Winters. We see the game through his eyes and his dialogue is limited to that of simply asking the questions we're all thinking as we play. This allows the fear and danger we're experiencing feel more personal and the story interactions with the NPCs feel like they're talking to you as opposed to a character. It's truly a remarkable change and a welcomed one at that.  You'll be spending most of the time tiptoeing your way around the plantation house scared out of your wits thanks in due part to never being able to see what's around the corner. But a simple change in perspective doesn't make game scary. Its what you do with it.Resident Evil 7 surprisingly does away with many annoying tropes you find in the horror genre. It doesn't rely on using auditory queues to instill a false sense of security or highten ones senses to abruptly scare them with an ear piercingly loud noise. Rather than using these lazy design mechanics as a crutch for terror the developers put an insane amount of detail into making the environment around you as unsettling as possible. It's safe to say that's the real star of the game as opposed to the iconic Baker family that chases you around the farmhouse. The environments you're in always have some sort of visually disturbing imagery or subtle ambiance that constantly makes you feel like you're in danger of being snuck up on or jumped by the Bakers or a monster. As I played I began to loosen up over the idea being scared by loud noises and instead grew increasingly uneasy as the game's atmosphere wracked my nerves so much. Whenever a jumpscare does occur it feels genuine because it solely relies on the visual just appearing out of the blue after the game feels like it's messed with you enough. It's made even worse by the fact that there is no mechanic that builds artificial suspense. You don't have to constantly replace batteries like with Slenderman or Outlast. You don't need to turn on the lights to keep yourself from going insane like Amnesia. It's purely survival horror. The one cliche it falls flat on its face over is the exclusive horror game trope of your light source only turning on in pre-designated dark zones by itself. Aside from that, the horror is done exceptionally well and is actually scary unlike previous Resident Evil titles.The combat in the game is really well done. Not only are supplies and ammo really scarce, but the mechanics revolving around guns really adds another layer of fear. Ethan is not supposed to be a killing machine so his aim isn't the best. Firing too fast with a pistol or automatic weapon will cause bullets to spread all over the place so you have to take careful aim and give yourself enough time for the crosshair spread to recover. The shotgun is most effective when your target is right in your face. Even being 2-3 feet away is enough of a detriment to your damage output. That being said the melee combat is pretty clunky. It gets the job done but it feels incredibly awkward slashing an enemy's face over and over again until they fall over. Your thrust power jab is so slow and has no umph to it which ultimately makes it feel weak. They introduced a block mechanic to help you from getting hurt but it's way too overpowered and it creates this giant contrast with the horror going on around you as you can block all incoming damage from an oversized axe by simply putting your arms up.That being said the game is not without it's shortcomings. The item management system is some of the worst I've seen in a video game in a long time. You're given limited space without the option of being able to temporarily drop an item to pick it up later. Dropping means you discard the item permanently. There's also the added problem of key items, even those that only have one use, cannot be discarded from your inventory at all. You can only deposit supplies safely and get rid of key items from your inventory by running to the nearest safe haven and disposing it into a chest. It can become inreasingly tedious especially when you just want to pick up ammo or a key item but can't because a stupid video tape you already watched is taking up space.When it comes to breaking immersion the supply chest is the biggest offender of this. It's a universal chest and any contents you put in it magically teleport to every other supply chest you come across in the game. Another factor that really hinders the survival experience is the massive amounts of checkpoint autosaves. It makes the point of having these safe havens with manual save points feel pointless when you can die in a confrontation and just be brought back just outside of it so you can try again.Another glaring problem is the story. Resident Evil 7 would have faired off much better as a reboot with some retconning. Instead, they opt to tie the entire thing to the universe they established and it comes in rather forced. I won't spoil it just because it'd be rude to, but don't expect anything less than literally every other plot of Resident Evil. Because of that, the last quarter of the game becomes less of a horror game and more of a shooter as you come across more ammo than you know what to do with. The shift in tone takes the spotlight away from the Baker family too, which sucks because they are far more interesting than what the game decides to end on. Thankfully the majority of the game is more horror orientated around the Baker family. Due to this one oversight, the family that has been pushed so hard to make iconic and memorable fall embarassingly short. I really wish we were given more time with them.Overall, Resident Evil 7 is definitely a huge step in the right direction for the series and I hope they expand on this formula and improve on its faults. As of right now, it's the Silent Hills that we never will get. And while it has nothing to do with ghosts and psychological horror, it definitely has a lot of raw monster horror that we don't get much more of anymore."
,Recommended,418370,31345292,Posted: 24 April,all,that's what she said,"It's Resident Evil 1 if it was released in 2017.Basically original Resident Evil is multi-layered puzzle game with arcade gameplay mixed with exploration, ammo conservation and movement planning set in horror-flick themed setting.Resident Evil 7 is exactly the same game at it's core. It still a multi-layered puzzle game with arcade gameplay mixed with exploration, ammo conservation and movement planning set in horror-flick themed setting. The difference is in it's form, not function. Functionally it is still the same game as first. Capcom used all modern tech and design doctrines to recreate the core Resident Evil experience into new generation. They used it to create the most immersive, scary and polished package in recent gaming. It is what PT (Silent Hills) was to Silent Hill: reimagination in new era of gamedesign while keeping the essence of series. And while Silent Hills was canned, Resident Evil 7 got to release in absolutely glorious form. Not to mention that PC version is the definitive one with great visuals and optimisation.Also proper story DLCs are free, and paid DLCs are not required at all - they are all experimental and standalone mini-games for fans, they don't affect core story and game. It's DLC done right - they pushed away content that is not required, but won't work standalone. So you get complete package even without buying DLCs.The king is back baby. And now it's finally scary.PSA: One thing: the game requires a lot of high speed vram to be played on high settings since whole engine was designed around current gen hardware with a lot of high speed vram. For high settings your GPU need to have proper 6Gb of vram and for medium GPU needs proper 256bit bus. Otherwise it'll stutter. So, sadly, Nvidia folks with their midrange 128bit cards and 3.5Gb 970 got shafted. But that's not exactly the problem of the game itself tho"
,Recommended,418370,33330080,Posted: 6 July,all,RaptorDave,This is a game about a man named Ethan. He goes to meet his in-laws for the first time. Hilarity ensues.
76561198052968966,Recommended,418370,29471662,Posted: 24 January,all,oliverio,resident evil meets outlast but walter white is chasing you
,Recommended,418370,29456223,Posted: 23 January,all,Philliam,"Resident Evil 7 all I can say is Horror Revived.Runs smooth, few hiccups but other than that amazing game.Good job Capcom"
76561198025129918,Recommended,418370,29994909,Posted: 17 February,all,ZeraBOO!,"If you look down ingame, you can see your legs!10/10"
,Recommended,418370,29946314,Posted: 15 February,all,♥ Boner ♥,"Did you remember the times where resident evil was about horror instead of overdone combat action? thats what RE7 is about.The game does exactly what the very first game does, it does everything right, (Resident Evil 1 players will also find some interessting references). The Atmosphere is AWESOME as well the Graphics.The game is a masterpiece after all this ""amateur horror games that plays hide and seek with an crappy AI"" and all the ""Resident Evil games after RE4""The diffculty is very high so there is an very good survival feeling, survival MEANS survival in this game, but now the bad part: it only keeps it up for the first run, sure games goes easier after play them multiple times but RE7, really goes fast easier. same as the bosses, instead of getting harder with time the bosses goes easier one after one, but this really dont scratch on the fun.The really, really, REALLY interessting thing is ""the Madhouse difficulty"" madhouse MEANS madhouse, the walkthrough have SMALL changes on fights and puzzles, also almost every item and enemy is replaced, gone or somewhere else now, also you get more ""stuff"" to creat and break your inventory items to creat new and more.All in one, this game really feels like RE have done before RE4, actually we just need a static camera instead of First Person and we would have the same old game, but FPS works FINE (btw its NOT the FIRST RE game in FPS).THIS IS NOT A OUTLAST OR AMNESIA CLONE JUST BECAUSE ITS IN FIRST PERSON NOW, GOD DAMNIT. (its better)"
,Recommended,418370,29533836,Posted: 27 January,all,McSaucy,"> Buy deluxe edition.> Install game.> Turn graphics up to max.> Get HDR working with 4k OLED TV.> Launch game.> ""OK, this is real uncanny valley territory""> Make it to the first dark hallway of the game.> *Exceeds uncanny valley.*> Quit game.> Uninstall.10/10. Would wimp out again."
,Recommended,418370,29481959,Posted: 25 January,all,Azralynn,"See written review belowor watch it here:https://youtu.be/2Q5_vgwQspUTL;DR: SKIP TO CONCLUSION!Resident Evil 7 Biohazard is a ghastly and suspenseful first person horror game that is sure to have you on the edge of your seat. Resident Evil 7 (RE7) brings in a new story, and fresh characters to the series. You don’t need to have any knowledge of the previous games from the series to enjoy RE7. The most notable change in RE7 from its predecessors is the change to a first person perspective from the previous games' third person view. I am thrilled with this change. The first person view makes everything feel so much more intense, and a lot scarier.You play as Ethan, and your wife has been missing for a few years. Having nearly given up hope, you receive a message from her, and embark on a mission to find her and bring her home. Upon your arrival, you encounter this completely deranged family. I don’t want to give too many details about the story since I don’t want to spoil anything.The locations where RE7 takes place are fairly small in scale, and don’t provide is a massively large world to explore. Everything is so creepy, and bloody. I often found myself cringing at some of the gruesome acts I saw, especially some of the things being done to me, and I loved every minute of it. Despite the smaller sized world, there is still plenty to discover. Exploration is encouraged, not only to learn more about the backstory, and keep stocked up on supplies, but also to find the key items you need to solve puzzles and progress. The puzzles incorporated into the gameplay are not difficult, but they feel appropriate, and were enjoyable.Ammo and first aid kits are limited quantity, but there are plenty of supplies to be scavenged if you’re looking hard enough. There is a simple crafting system to make consumables. The ammo and health kits both use one of the same key ingredients, so, players will need to choose carefully what they want to make.The creatures you encounter in combat are not very diverse, but they are still incredibly effective at scaring the crap out of you. In many cases you can choose whether to fight or take flight. I usually chose to fight whenever possible, since I enjoyed the intense close quarters combat. There are times where you have to run and hide because you can’t kill the enemy. I don’t normally like unkillable mobs, but the game implements them well, and in a way that makes sense within the story.Pros:expect to be afraid - the fear is generated by an excellent balance of jump scares, hide and seek, tense atmosphere, and close quarters actionstory is really messed up (in a good way), and it's both intriguing and bewildering - some events took me by surprise, while other plot developments were extremely predictableenvironments look decent, and the smaller area level design is done well; the small rooms and tight corridors definitely do a great job of creating a whole lot of suspense as you explorethe character models look good - the way that the characters interact so violently with your character, right up in your face is often terrifyingsteady performance (near constant 59.9-60fps on max settings except for twice where I had very brief, but noticeable frame drops with my Win10, i7-6500K, GTX 1070, 32GB RAM)the voice acting is done very well, and for as bizarre as the plotline is, the characters make everything feel so realthe sound effects, music, and ambience do an incredible job at creating an insanely tense and often terrifying atmosphere; the game does a fantastic job keeping you completely immersed and feeling on edgekeybindings are fully customizable, and there is full controller supportCons:(nitpick) issues with the aliasing sometimes have obvious texture artifacting in some areas (I tried changing every single option, but could not find a way to correct the problem)(nitpick) limited inventory space is a pain at times: 1. destroying items to make room for new ones may discourage exploring as thoroughly as one would like to, and 2. even though there are supply box locations where you can store all your extra items, going back and forth to unload can be tedious(nitpick) mouth animations for the dialogue could use some improvements in order to more accurately represent the words being spokenThe game took me just over 8 hours to complete, and that was with me exploring a reasonable amount. There is more than one ending, so there is potential replay value.Conclusion:Resident Evil 7 is a quality game featuring a fantastic blend of terrifying encounters, and a tense atmosphere throughout. If you’re a fan of horror games, or want to see the Resident Evil series return to it’s roots so-to-speak, then you won’t want to miss out on Resident Evil 7 Biohazard.If you like my reviews, please feel free to join my Steam group, and follow my curationshere.You can also check out this review on my websitehere."
,Recommended,418370,29551014,Posted: 28 January,all,Lt. Dusk,"SPOILERS!!!You play as Ethan Winters who has been sent on a mission to find out what has happened to his wife Mia who has been missing for 3 years in the state of Louisiana, but like all good RE games, a certain gift has been festering in the ruins of the seemingly abandoned house and now it is up to you to find out what has been going on and escape before it gets worse.Now let me get the obvious out of the way, yes, this is the first game in the MAIN Resident Evil storyline series to full take on a First Person Perspective, but it still works, and it still has that Resident Evil feeling to it.Think of it as if Outlast and Alien Isolation had a hillbilly love child.You first go through the areas of the estate with nothing at all, trying to avoid your so called ""family"", but fear not, this is Resident Evil, you will come across a familiar sight of old friends...Handgun, Shotgun, Machine Gun, Magnum, Survival Knife, Grenade Launcher, the works. Let me tell you, the shotgun will be your best friend, because all the guns do have some sort of impact, but as soon as you get the shotgun in your hands, those headshots have never been so satisfying...and what would a Resident Evil game be like without the best part..the inventory management box!Oh boy, oh boy, oh boy, you will spend a good chunk of the game in your inventory deciding if you want that ammo or that extra herb you need when the tar monsters sneak around you at every corner.You can also combine two items to make powerful herbs to heal you, different types of ammo, even fix broken weapons that you find along the way.I do have a few minor complaints about the game though..first of all, the puzzles were not challenging to me. Some were okay like a whole room puzzle to figure out how to put a lit candle on a cake, and some were just flat out stupid like rotate the painting to the obvious position on the wall, the older games have been known to stump the player from time to time, but this is sadly not one of them.Next one being, and I am sorry to say this but..the bosses in this were so lame and underwhelming. Once again, the past games have been known to have a pretty good array of bosses, some were obvious in the later games, but this one just raises that bar and breaks it to 11. It is the same concept, either it is a boss where you will spam your ammo on the obvious weak points or just spam your attacks in general to advance to the next phase, don't get me started on the last boss, as it provides a RE dose of slime and tentacles.Controls are decent, I did not have a problem with them much, except for the fact that when being chased, Ethan runs like a slug. I am no star athlete but my fat♥♥♥♥♥can run faster than that. I know it is nothing big but I just feel like he is running on a treadmill while the enemies gain on him.Graphics are nice and foreboding, once again, it gives off that Resident Evil vibe of the first one in the mansion.You always hear noises around every part of the games atmosphere making you alert every time.Real question that everyone asks, is the game scary. Ehhh...not really guys, this game panders to the jump scare category, mostly when opening doors there will be an enemy popping out or out of the darkness.Not really much in that department, unless you like the cliche scare of someone slowly walking in the distance and when you get to that same area they are gone just like that, bouncy balls that will roll out of nowhere, or the ever so spooky rocking of the chair with no one in it....ahhhhhhhhhhh..yaaawwwnnn.As for the game overall, I really enjoyed it though.I just love a change of pace, and this game does deliver on good atmosphere, and fun ways to explore around the house as it can be rewarding sometimes. Music is nice, and sadly the game is not that long. If you really know what you are doing, or hell, even if this is your first playthrough, the game will take around 4-10 hours to beat, because around the middle part of the game it decides to get very linear.But to all fans of the series and horror in general who want a good time, I do recommend this game.Up to you guys if you want it now or just wait until a sale comes. Either way you will have fun."
,Recommended,418370,29456903,Posted: 23 January,all,Damocles,WELCOME  TO THE FAMILY SON
,Recommended,418370,29514847,Posted: 26 January,all,Master Beta,"Resident Evil 7 is very similar to Evil Within in terms of atmosphere, many fun and unique boss fights and is without a doubt the best resident evil game since Resident Evil 4. I would highly recommend this game to any survival horror fans."
,Recommended,418370,29853634,Posted: 11 February,all,Ushio,Gameplay 8/10Graphics 10/10Optimization 11/10run pretty well on my i7 6700k & RX480... compare to Dishonored 2 which run like garbageand the Horror element is back! unlike previous RE series which is 3rd person action shooter game
,Recommended,418370,29515098,Posted: 26 January,all,Goklitx,I Sht mah pant
,Recommended,418370,29495277,Posted: 25 January,all,Lawlsomedude,"I want to preface this review that while I'm generally positive about it, I can't recommend it for the price right now.Gather around children, and I'll tell you a tale about how a young man who hated horror games was turned around. Yes, and by a small, indie game company with a small, unknown game series. The company's name, Capcom. The series, Resident Evil. You've probably never heard of it. It's pretty underground.In all seriousness, I'm not too down on the game. I'd be lying if I said I wasn't scared by it. Resident Evil 7 does a lot right. It's great at building atmosphere and keeps tension high. The sound design is very good; you hear creaks against wood, sloshing of blood and moss, humms of electric appliances, it's wonderful. Not to mention the scares are very authentic through and through. I can recall maybe four or five jump scares in the whole game. I think this game is very worth experiencing, wether it be you playing or watching. Seeing is believing, as they say. Multiple times I said ""____ is going to happen, isn't it."" And lo and behold, it . . . didn't. The game surprised me with the plot more than once. It felt very fresh, especially considering the state of the series leading up to this installment. (Looking at you Resident Evil 6.)But, there's one glaring issue I have with the game.The first half of the game is as described above; scary, immersive, tense, and purely joyful. But the second half makes a shift to more action oriented gameplay. A very, VERY hard shift. Everything I liked about the first half is gone. You go from suspenseful sneaking to a chainsaw fight. I'll say that again: chainsaw fight. You have a chainsaw, and you fight someone else with a chainsaw. Yep. From that point on the combat is . . . okay. I never felt too challenged during fights, especially since the game gives you a machine gun. Horror gets less horrific with a machine gun. Not to mention the fresh, unpredictble plot also shifted. I literally guessed every plot point, successfully spoiling the ending for myself.Resident Evil 7 went from being an incredibly remarkable game to painfully average in a matter of seconds. I went in expecting to be scared out of my trousers the whole way through. I wasn't. The length is kind of short, though a free expansion is planned for spring this year. It appears combat oriented. Not too sure I'm looking forward to it. Overall, I can't say I recommend this game. I'm not saying it's bad in any way; as said, the first half is magnificent. But the second half is so pitifully boring it made me wish for an ending that never seemed to come. Wait for a sale if you really want it."
76561198067340548,Recommended,418370,29569252,Posted: 29 January,all,RED,"Resident Evil is back. And it came back as one of the most visceral, extremely violent, nerve-wracking experiences i've ever seen since the original trilogy.Pro:+PC optimization (for ONCE)+Return of the classic gameplay with limited resources.+Weapon/item customization+Great atmosphere, photo-realistic graphic engine, great sound design and soundtrack+Insane boss encoutersCon:-Dialogue goes out of sync if you can't keep a perfectly steady 60 fps-Some minor graphic bugs. They can be fixed very quickly if you do some search in the game's forum and tweak the in-game graphics option.-Enemy variety do lacks. There is no way around it.- Mediocre ending and surprisingly disappointing final boss that takes no skill to beat. Unlike the previous boss encounters which were close to perfect Resident Evil formula. Such a shame that the final boss of the game is the easiest one and it is based on gimmicks.Score: 8.6/10  GreatRecommended."
,Recommended,418370,29655974,Posted: 2 February,all,Frostburn,"This game shows that if you give a random Texan a Glock-17 and a house in the middle of a swamp, there will be no survivors. All in All, 9.5/10."
,Recommended,418370,30086798,Posted: 21 February,all,xBroleh,"Resident Evil 7 is an outstanding horror-survival game for those who are into story rich games that involve puzzles and fighting.The atmosphere created during the game is expectacular, You are in a constant tension during some parts of the game, but you can easily keep under control thanks to the implementation of weapons. During your gameplay you will encounter various characters that have a deep story into them.The game itself has outstanding graphics, probabbly one of the best graphics out there in the market. Sounds are extremely realistic. Voice acting is precise, but at some parts of the game it really doesnt make sense, for example, you get your hand chopped of, and the charecter will say with a chill voice ""♥♥♥♥"". But anyways, Its still great.This game isnt really scary jumpscare-wise but it does get tense at some parts, I dont know if its me or the game isnt really scary, but more about thinking and solving puzzles.The game has some pros and cons, as every other game, I will list some pros and cons and I will get in deph into some cons below.Pros:→ Amazing Graphics→ Outstandig Sound→ Horror Atmosphere Builds Up Throughout The Game→ You Will Lean About The Game's Story As You Play It→ Story Rich→ Long Gameplay (Took Me 10 Hours To Complete)→ Great Soundtrack→ Jumpscares→ Amazing CutscenesCons:→ Game Can Sometimes Be Too Hard ↓Some of the puzzles in the game require very hard thinking and exploring, I need to say I did have to look for help on the internet for some help during my gameplay as I gave up during some puzzles. Some parts of the game will require you to look through the whole house for one or more than one small object.→ Gathering Resources Can Become A Big Challenge ↓Sometimes you will be in need of certain resources such as ammunition, first aid kits or other requirements such as lockpicks. You will be constantly needing resources like this, for an instance, lock picks open a big amount of locked doors or boxes that will have assets inside them such as ammo. Ammunition will be a challenge to gather through your gameplay as it will come in small quantities and you will eventually run out of bullets.→ Small Bugs and Glitches (Not To Many Nor Game Breaking)Conclusion:Resident Evil 7 is by far one of the best horror games i've ever played in my life, It has an amazing story and ending. You will learn about the story and everything that is going on throughout the game. If you enjoy playing horror games you will defenetively enjoy playing this one, it is well worth the money and you wont regret it. Don't be scared!My ratings:Story: 10/10Graphics: 10/10Sound: 10/10Puzzles: 8/10 (Some can be too hard)Scare-Factor: 7/10 (It wasn't as scary as I expected it to be)"
76561198029736632,Recommended,418370,29489441,Posted: 25 January,all,§Teras§,"Resident Evil 7 was one of those games which got me skeptical due to its antecessors, nevertheless and surprisingly, it manages to hold itself and stay strong as far as I have played. Capcom has made a game that keeps you on the edge of your seat most of the time. The sense of impotence, dread and despair is in the game as well, just like in the old ones. I can safely say that Resident Evil 7 is far from being an Outlast clone, as many have been saying.The graphics are very good and the atmosphere is on point, although some textures may seem a bit blurry or low-res, especially if you take into consideration the large amount of VRAM the game draws from your GPU, but aside from that, it's a hauntingly-beautiful game.The sound design on RE7 is incredible. Do yourself a favor and play this game with some headphones with a decent soundstage. Doors creaking, screeching floor as you walk, dimming lights, trees scratching the windows, the wind and so much more! Everything sounds good and adds to the game's atmosphere.~Edit~After having beaten the game, I can share some insight now in regards to what I thought of the plot. In general, it's very well-tied, with lots of plot twists and wow factor. I also liked how they managed to tie aspects from the other Resident Evil games into this one via files, though those being extremely subtle, except for the ending. Now, I wonder how much will change depending on a choice I made halfway past the game... Only one way to find out!To conclude, Resident Evil 7 is one of those games that make me, little by little, restore my faith in some companies, thus I'll rate it 4/5 S.T.A.R.S.! Pun intended."
,Recommended,418370,29510233,Posted: 26 January,all,Snort Cannon,"Resident Evil 7 was a game I was highly anticipating after it was announced. All the people fighting over if it's Resident Evil or not, if it's gonna be good or not, didn't stop me for being incredibly excited for this game and this game lives up to my expectations and even surpasses them.The Story:Resident Evil 7 puts you in the shoes of Ethan. After his wife Mia disappears for almost three years he get's a disturbing message from her which contains a tearful goodbye. Wanting to find out what happened to his wife Ethan travels to Dulvey, Louisiana. Once there Ethan enters a seemingly abandoned house, but after some time he finds that the house is not abandoned and in fact is inhabited by the Bakers, a family of three, Jack, Lucas and Marguerite and Ethan is put in a fight for his life as he tries to save Mia and leave the Baker Residence.The story in itself is rather intriguing as it has a very mysterious feel to it. You don't know much about anything as the game doesn't flat out tell you the story. Most of it is told through paper clippings, photos, journals and VHS tapes which you can watch to find out what other souls went through when they wound up in the Baker residence. I found the story incredibly captivating which pushed me to keep playing until I figured out everything.The voice acting for the characters I felt was alright. I liked Jack, Mia, Marguerite and Ethan, but the voice actor for Lucas truly over did it. Some of the lines he delivers are too over the top.Gameplay:Most fans have been annoyed by the fact that Resident Evil 7 was first person only, but to be honest ? This helps out the game to be even more scarier. The limited vision once you travel through the halls of the house and hear noises coming from seemingly every direction helps build tension which would have never been able to achieve with third person. But for those stating that this is not Resident Evil, it's more Resident Evil than the last 5 games in the series.The most memorable stuff from previous RE games make a comeback in this game. Inventory management, safe rooms, limited resources. Even the puzzles are very RE like. Some of the puzzles include looking for pieces of a sculpture to open a door, which is very nice nod to previous games.The combat in this game is a bit different from the stuff you have seen in the previous RE games. Ammo and in general all resources are incredibly limited, so you must save your ammo and use it wisely and make every single shot count. The game gives you Pistols, Shotguns, SMG, Flamethrowers and Grenade Launchers to sink your teeth in, but again ammo for these guns are incredibly limited, so you'll mostly use Pistols and Shotguns.Most of the fights tend to get incredibly violent and the game in general is incredibly violent. Probably even more violent than the other titles in the Resident Evil franchise.Now for the enemies. Once the game starts, you're gonna be hunted by the Baker family. Unlike other enemies you can't kill Jack or Marguerite. They are faster and stronger than you so it's best you are not seen by them. But if you are spotted your options are to run away and hide or you can waste your ammo and stun them. They will go down, but will get back up again and will hunt you down. The only other type of enemies you see are the Molded, which are these black gooey monsters which are usually in groups, but fighting them is usually simple as a few well placed headshots will take them out.Boss fight also make a return and the boss fights in this game are absolutely amazing. Intense would be an incredible understatement. Some of my favorite moments are the boss encounters in this game.Graphics and Audio:Graphically the game looks absolutely outstanding. The environments look incredibly and all of them are incredibly detailed. The game looks the best once the setting is night as some of the day textures are a bit mediocre.Audio design is absolutely phenomenal. Playing this game with a good pair of headphones is a must. Once the game starts and all the surrounding sounds kick in you are immersed in this world and in the later segments the audio design is phenomenal. When you wander through the houses and hear creeks, weird noises and the bakers shouting while they're stomping around looking for you make for an incredibly intense game.Problems:This game does suffer from some very minor issues which I will not deduct points for as I think these are just minor nitpicks of mine.The game had one bug which I only encountered at one section of the game. I got stuck in a railing and I had to force shutdown the game to fix it. Until the end of the game it's the only bug I encountered.The puzzles are all incredibly simple. It's usually pick something up and bring it to a specific location and that's basically it. I think more depth for the puzzles would have been nice, like the Happy Birthday puzzle.Length:The game took me 8 hours to finish, but this game has tons of replay value. This game has two endings, the madhouse difficulty which gives you limited saves and resources are even more scarce and not to mention collectibles and stuff like that, so more or less you are looking at a 20+ hour game.Closing remarks:Resident Evil 7 is return to form. It's scary, intense, incredibly fun and all around an excellent game. Resident Evil 5 and 6 sold incredibly well and Capcom could have just made 7 into another action fest, but they took care and brought the series back to it's roots and the succeed in making one hell of a game. If you like Horror games this is a must, if you like Resident Evil this is a must, hell this is a must play in general. I would honestly say it's worth to get it as soon as possible.Final Rating:9.5/10Pros:+ Intriguing Story+ The Bakers are truly terrifying+ Intense boss fights+ Great gameplayCons:- Puzzles are a bit too easy"
,Recommended,418370,29489667,Posted: 25 January,all,✠♆ L u c i f e r ♆✠,If they wanted to revive the franchise... Well ... They're in the right way. Best Resident Evil i ever played. 11/10. It feels like the good old gold they made several years ago. Simply awesome better than what i was expecting. plus the Season Pass is very cheap and for me it worth my money completely.
,Recommended,418370,32660447,Posted: 22 June,all,FatherOfMunkers,.......I need an adult.
,Recommended,418370,29668525,Posted: 3 February,all,響,嘛嘛，有时间还是写一下评测吧。。。首先，作为生化老粉丝对这作的第一印象就是吓人。。。（第一人称，黑不溜秋，到位的氛围烘托）流程方面解密成分居多，战斗方面还是比较容易的强力弹药一枪或者两枪一只，擦身跑怪物就和智障一样boss战的节奏初见感觉还是比较让人满意的终于治好了多年的电锯恐慌，和爸爸的对决十分让人兴奋背包仓库系统回归了一代的储物箱方式，三光党和格子强迫症患者可能不是那么好过。。。收集方面没有了物品高光显示，可能需要花上一段时间翻箱一颗摇头丸，加上适当的sl可以更加有效的收集物品手炮的入手需要物品兑换，但是不推荐优先兑换换了就没开过枪，真的找不到合适的机会成就设定方面，全成就最轻松的应该就是一周目容易探路，二周目疯人院加攻略扫盲，三周目普通跑路了。简单的背板，稍稍规划一下开着无限弹药，不是大问题，成就党不用用太多的时间。游戏时间方面，作为老玩家，在完全靠自己搜刮摸索的情况下一周目8.5个小时，说不出是长还是短，4代剧情本体初见打到最后正式打通一周目磨磨蹭蹭的得一周多吧md电锯吓得我两天没敢打，五代割草，6代好莱坞，两个启示录本体是突袭模式。无论怎么说，感觉稍微短了一点，等了这么长时间结果流程长度。。。操作手感方面，手柄在这款第一人称射击游戏立面表现还说得过去，怪物贴脸的话打的中打不中全看脸，用什么操作都一样，光线过于昏暗的环境剧烈晃动视角留心光敏眩晕，夜猫子们留意身体啦！移动速度在这作的环境范围中还算是比较平衡，可能玩前作比较多的话会感觉不适应；保留了快速转身，在拉开距离进行稳定射击的动作中比前几作显得更加重要，而这作没有神tm一闪，或者闪身，只有跑，但实际上已经足够了。游戏细节方面，多蹲着走，平时找补给，在某些地方有奇效理发师与园艺师的对决中蹲下剪不到你的脑袋；照片宝藏的位置比较显眼，没有特别难为人；物资补给其实还是比较充足的，真的没什么必要去节省那么几颗霰弹枪子弹；有子弹，有化学液体的情况下，强化子弹比合成普通子弹更合适；记得那个格挡啊亲，那个不是摆设！！！嘛，箱子别乱砍箱子别乱砍，虽然我知道我说了你还是会去砍。。。剧情方面还算基本上游戏进行到破船那里就已经明白的八九不离十了，没有什么太大的脑洞，喉管里面的钥匙。。。这感觉真好综合起来说一下吧，游戏前期恐怖气氛爆炸，中期偏向解谜外加少量基本上都可以避免的小战斗，boss战第一次可能有一定的压迫力，实际上这游戏的子弹全是为了他们准备的。。。游戏难度比较亲和平民，剧情并不深奥但是有几个场景加上bgm即便脱了了系列作品也很是感人。要非得说缺点，游戏时长可以说是美中不足，玩法略显单调容易吃灰，吸引力随周目上升明显下降，内容较少，做好20小时就完事的准备；视角以及光线问题对于某些玩家可能不是很友好对我这种半夜带耳机还不敢叫的人来说很不友好还有一点辣鸡游戏没盗版（#滑稽）！！这就是大概内容了，这是一款我比较支持的一款作品，不管怎么说，祝大家玩的愉快！感兴趣的玩家可以试着翻译一下最后片尾制作人员列表的那几张报纸，挺有意思的
,Recommended,418370,33129136,Posted: 2 July,all,Cpt. Deltu,"They did it, they made Resident Evil in the past 10 years that's not a Michael Bay movie.If you enjoyed the First Resident Evil game, you will enjoy this as well, it's basically the same, except it's in first person, the voice acting isn't cringe-worthy and of course the plot is different.If you haven't played this game and are wondering if it's connected to previous Resident Evil games, without getting too much into details/spoilers, yes it is. Do you need to play previous RE games to understand everything? I doubt it. All I know from the past are a few characters, still I didn't get confused by anything. I'm sure if you have played previous ones, you'll find something that reminds you of the past. But otherwise it's still its own game.I'm not easily scared, so I can't speak for everyone if this was scary or not, for me, it had one moment when I was keeping my eyes wide open, but otherwise, I didn't need any diapers for it.The only thing that frustrated me here, is managing the inventory, but I'm sure that's in every Resident Evil game, so I can't take anything away from that.I completed the game in a little over 7 hours, whether or not do you think the price is worth it, is up to you. It might have some replay value, but I'm not sure how much yet.But yes, Capcom are making right decisions and it shows, people, including me are supporting them for that. If you liked the survival horror of the first ones, you should support them too."
,Recommended,418370,32903815,Posted: 27 June,all,BurstIsMildlyDead,"First time I played a Resident Evil game. And I have to say, It was great! Would I recommend it? If you're interested in horror then yes!"
76561198062009438,Recommended,418370,32643514,Posted: 22 June,all,Duff Rose,One of the best horror games I've ever played
,Not Recommended,418370,29489888,Posted: 25 January,all,Maslostroj/Katenkrad,"I am conflicted about this, is it a bad game? No it is not, but is it a good game?Well.... not really.Story is confusing almost feels like FEAR reboot pretending to be Resident Evil and considering this is supposed to be canon in RE timeline nothing makes any sense in there. I´d say more but that would be spoilers.Atmosphere isn´t bad it somewhat resembles mansion from RE1Now characters....there are only a few and none of them are interesting in any way.....there´s the stereotype liar wife that got you into trouble, crazy family, mysterious helper and the main game antagonist Alma...ehm i mean Eveline creepy girl with superpowers that kills everyone.Monsters: bugs and uroboros like goo in human shape...that´s all oh and bosses....Uroboros....nothing else to say thereGameplay: It feels like FEAR had a child with Outlast, and it didn´t turn out good. First person view doesn´t suit RE at all not only that it´s clunky halfassed mess, it is perfectly clear they were focusing on making it look nice in VR but kinda forgot about normal screens. Aiming with guns feels like it´s the 90s again...iron sights? nah let´s just move the hand with the gun to the side a bit and zoom a little.There are barely any enemies in the game it feels extremely empty. my first playtrough was on normal and i killed like 20 creatures including all bosses...and that´s not much combined with fighting the same thing over and over it gets boring.It is very short, i have finished the game in 4 hours and some minutes and i was exploring a lot.Classic RE style puzzles and inventory management returned so that´s a good thingReplayability: Unless you want achievements or beat all difficulties, there´s absolutely nothing noteworthy to make you play it again.Now this will be as a negative review because the negatives win againts positives.It´s average...painfully average.If you thinking hey a new RE and dive in expecting RE youll be very disappointed It just isn´t RE...nit even closeIf you expect it to be a good horror game then go for it but it´s filled with cliches so much that it´s nothing special either.For buyers: All in all it´s somewhat enjoyable 4-5 hours. But the current price is just too high...too little for too much unless you´re a diehard fan or you have a lot of money buy only in some nice discount otherwise the price just isnt justified.For those who like numbers: as a RE 3/10 as a random horror game 5/10And a msg to Capcom:Guys...rly?Is this the best you can do? Cmon! man up! You´re killing a name that once stood for something."
,Recommended,418370,29500906,Posted: 26 January,all,♡❤ Rachel  Rose {TIffANY},"omg finally 'CAPCOM' did it ,First of all - this is a game. Not a walking simulator, as some people thought it would be. It's 100% a game and the gameplay is wonderful. Gunplay is very satisfying. Resources are incredibly limited (played on the Madhouse right away) and enemies are fast and can catch up to you even if you are running. Since this is a ""classic"" RE - killing is optional unless it's a boss"
76561198067987867,Recommended,418370,34359169,Posted: 19 August,all,VenomxShocker,This game revived the series! There's more horror than action! Thanks Capcom :D
,Recommended,418370,29456171,Posted: 23 January,all,Nessa,"I started with the classic Resident Evil games and still, I tried every single RE game out there whether classic or modern RE.RE has a great variety for having different family members and playable flashbacks and It has a strong narrative and tense atmosphere to it. The game requires an impressive patience and precision.I can say that Resident Evil 7 refined survival-horror mechanics that balance old with a new feeling to Resident Evil 7, and by returning to horror, Resident Evil 7 feels special somewhat.So from someone like me who is a RE veteran and has played every single RE game, I can truly say that the game is worth everyone's time and money whether you're a veteran or new to the RE universe. So by finally returning to horror, in Resident Evil 7, you will experience jump scares and it will get you under pressure that you will wish for a little pause. Thanks to uncle Jack from the family who keeps chasing your weak butt and keeps cutting everything of your body.There are so much gore and blood, I felt that I couldn't continue playing after Jack got me the first time. I don't know about you but I screamed a lot and I totally jumped outta my chair. Jack keeps following you trying to hurt you and keeps talking to you about how he's enjoying every second of what he's doing to you whilst chasing you. Now, this scares me the most.This game scares me more than any RE game I've ever played. RE 7 feels special and different so prepare to meet the family but don't you ever tell them that I've told you anything about them I mean shush oh my gosh.BOO!!! Hey I really didn't mean to scare you, I'll give you a tight hug for the scare, you might need it in game as well so um yeah, you'll remember my huggy I know!"
76561197999398516,Recommended,418370,29466747,Posted: 24 January,all,Skentti,"First 30mins in, last 30 mins in."
,Recommended,418370,29456413,Posted: 23 January,all,Lyubovisi,Alien Isolation is a cute baby in pajamas compared to this..............
,Not Recommended,418370,29477790,Posted: 24 January,all,mister positivity,"stellar first half of the game, then very disappointing second half and ending. too short to warrant 60 dollar purchase"
76561198051319354,Recommended,418370,31836759,Posted: 19 May,all,Queer Shaft,"Not alot of point in writing this reveiw this long after the game is released, and has so many reviews already, but it deserves it none the less. This game is fantastic. I have never played an RE game before, but for some reason this game clicks with me (alot of that is probably due to the FPS perspective) The enemies look AWSOME and the combat (both melee and ranged)  feel meaty and responsive. And the DLC is brilliant. Dont know what else to say."
,Recommended,418370,31835187,Posted: 18 May,all,gay bitch,"Very good. Good succesor to the series. I was very nervous about it being first person but the gameplay and design really complimented it. There are many references to the early entries in the series, such as the main house, for starters. Very fun with a nice spooky atmosphere."
,Recommended,418370,29519828,Posted: 27 January,all,sᵀ ᴬ ᴿ ᴮ ᴼʏ,"There hasn't been a more terrifying Resident Evil since RE 4. The game brings back survival horror elements, puzzles and inventory management of the classic resident evil genre. It features an immersive first person view contrary to third person/ over the shoulder, for a better horror experience. Weapon handling is unique with every shot and reload. Ammo conservation marks a return to desperate survival element of the series.The story is a gripping narrative, a tragedy of a covert operation gone awry in the hands of Mia. After her distress message, Ethan embarks on a journey to find answers and rescue his wife. Little does he know the horrors of the Baker family he stumbles upon and soon finds himself confronting mutation infested hallways and secret passages.Jack Baker is easily the most terrying villain. The boss battles follow a sequence of offensive and defensive movement and patience. The mutated creatures are equally savage and their encounters couldn't have been more intense!The game runs smooth locked at 30 fps (you can remove the fps lock ofcourse), medium to high settings; although the frames droppped to 22-25 outside the Baker house. But since the story progresses within passages most of the time, it isn't an issue. I am satisfied with my Nvidia Geforce 940M 4GB performance.Pros+Story+Classic RE elements+Horror atmosphere+Horror sounds+Controls+Villains+PuzzlesCons-No over the shoulder view for a prospect of player skins-No classic zombies. No variety in creatures-Isolated view in the dark could have been better implemented as it got me dizzy sometimes-I miss Leon :(Overall rating 9/10"
,Recommended,418370,29490293,Posted: 25 January,all,.Richie,>enter house>Get spooked>ALT+F4> F££%%$* THIS IM NOT PLAYING10 / 10 would play again.
76561197970797000,Not Recommended,418370,29492031,Posted: 25 January,all,ShadowpengO,"I've played the game for 8 hours, realized this is a fear remake without multiplayer and that the little girl horror schtick thing is overdone and unintimidating. I found myself just wanting to run through the second half of the game because the horror aspect was completely gone. There were some satisfying moments, but overall I'd rather have waited to get it for cheaper.What scared me the most is how the dlc is advertised, after the really long credits, and short actual gametime, since it seems geared up to drag the game out with added storylines aboutChris Redfield, who doesn't show up until the ABSOLUTE END and is the only thing relevent to previous Resident Evil games, and hes in the DLC they are gonna release in the spring. Should have waited to buy, watched a stream, and called it good, I feel so robbed. Got played. :steamfacepalm:I usually play resident evil games to death. RE6 was really bad, couldn't play it through, its the ""so bad its good"" feeling but with waaay too many cringey tropes. This game is for people that want to give the dev (who also made a fear expansion) $60, I believe it might be worth it if the season pass and game were both 50% off.My only suggestion is if you were still convinced to play this, due to hype or whatever, try to play through it in 1 afternoon, and get a refund afterward, it should be pretty easy."
,Recommended,418370,30912906,Posted: 2 April,all,Dragonborn,Welcome again  Capcom for good times of RE! Masterpiece lol
,Recommended,418370,29471513,Posted: 24 January,all,Crowii,"The best Resident Evil since 4.=======SPOILER FREE=======Now, I know what you're thinking, that's a bold claim.Or is it?From 2005 after Resident evil we've had;Deadly Silence.Umbrella Chronicles.RE5.Darkside Chronicles.Mercanaries Vs/3D (3DS)RevelationsOperation ♥♥♥♥you city.RE6.Revelations 2.Umbrella CorpsAnd now 7.Again, I know what you're thinking; what about revelations, right?They're both amazing games, I couldn't agree more.The reason why we all hype Revelations up a little too much is because it's gone back to the survival horror we know and love.We've been dished ouch Christ on Steroids, Leon on Emo badboy movies and E-sports Umbrella soldiers because why not.We've moaned again and again and again how we want HORROR.Now look what we have here, a well standing horror game.The pacing is terrific, loved how they speed the pacing up as all the pieces of the puzzel begin to fall into place.The atmosphere is amazing, on my first playthrough I was looking at EVERY thump, bump and knock thay went on.The enemies, they're pretty scary, they move pretty fast and unpredicably making them hard to combat sometimes, and I've not even got started on the Bakers.Each of the Bakers have their own unique flavor which adds to their individual characteristics.The house can be confusing and it can be easy to get lost if you're not accustomed to checking your map often.There's puzzels, which for me are a weak point. Not very challenging.The soundtrack is amazing also!I've done two playthroughs so far, Normal and Madhouse, tomorrow I'll be going for Easy and then some more to get 100% collectables.This is a good game, is it a good RESIDENT EVIL game?  hmm, it doesn't scream Resident Evil to me.Sure they have some elements of the franchise in game which I won't mention for spoilers.But this could easy be sold as an Original Piece and it'd still sell plenty.Resident Evil the past decade as been experimenting.Overshoulder camera.Action.Not zombies.Terrorism.and now;True focused horror.This is an amazing step in the series, Capcom will notice this game's popularity and all the feedback they'll see is HORROR.HORROR.RESIDENT EVIL IS A HORROR GAME.Hopefully they learn from this and can get RE back on track."
76561198051063875,Recommended,418370,34317588,Posted: 17 August,all,DrippinMilk,"This game is beautiful! Well optimized, great story, HDR showcase. Capcom really did a nice job. Its just too bad I'm too much of a ♥♥♥♥♥ to finish it."
,Recommended,418370,29469037,Posted: 24 January,all,Harry101UK,"Short but sweet. Fans of the classic RE1 / REMake and RE2 will feel right at home. The attention to detail is staggering; with amazing visuals, great audio design, and perfectly executed FPS controls.The atmosphere and level design feel like they were from lifted from classic RE1; it feels great to be back in a creepy old mansion again. That said, it starts off very creepy and 'horror'-like, but tries to cater to the action fans as well as it progresses. It strikes the balance rather well.Performance is stellar; on the highest graphical detail it pulls 120-144fps on my 980 Ti, i7 6700K, 16GB RAM. (2560x1440)It contains options for FoV, chromatic aberration, motion-blur, etc. It has everything a PC gamer could want.Fantastic work Capcom!Some minor nitpicks;- 'Very High' shadow quality yields 20-35fps, but 'High' yields 120-144fps. Something is broken there.- Zombies would have been epic; but alas it was not to be.- Currently no 21:9 support for those who want it- No PC VR for a year- Rather short"
,Recommended,418370,31909896,Posted: 22 May,all,Rebdy,"If you are worried that Capcom is turning Resident Evil into Amnesia, well, you can rest easy. It's still RE and even more than RE6. The switch to first person hasn't eliminated what made the first RE games so effective. The atmosphere is well crafted, and though it sometimes relies on clichés, I found it massively contributes to the immersion and horror factor. The story is engaging and at times shows depth you rarely expect in a RE game. It is however bogged down by a short duration and a predictable and anticlimactic ending. The gameplay is satisfiying and has not lost its action elements, the choice of running away or shooting your enemies is present and mild stealth elements are too. While the Molded become boring enemies really fast, it is the Bakers' invincibility and creepiness that really makes the game shine. All in all, RE7 is a worthy entry in the beloved series and a game that can be enjoyed by survival horror purists and new fans alike."
,Recommended,418370,29546544,Posted: 28 January,all,Mikan,"One of the best modern survival horror games I've ever played and the best Resident Evil since RE5.I'm a massive fan of Resident Evil and highly approve of this game, depending on future content it may be in my top 5 RE games ever.9/10 (will update once Not A Hero and End of Zoe have been played.)Highly recommend!"
76561197972296122,Recommended,418370,33061879,Posted: 30 June,all,Mushy Snugglebites ¯\_(ツ)_/¯,"Excellent Blend of Old & NewResident Evil 7 is a fantastic new entry into the franchise, which, let's be honest, has gone very stale in the past years. The developers did something really impressive: They took a step back from the previous games and tried to find a completely new approach for this one, without disregarding everything that made the older games good in the first place. They combined elements of different games  in the genre to create a fresh and interesting blend.Take some Outlast, mix it with a bit of F.E.A.R. and top it all of with a nice dose of good ol' Resident Evil HorrorStoryRead the story synapse on the store page, there is not much to be add. The Bakers are very interesting villains, but don't be fooled by the promo material and trailers: There is so much more going on and the game offers surprises all along the way. It caught me off-guard how much twists and turns they put into this.Atmosphere & SettingThe Atmosphere in this game is brilliant. They have balanced out suspense, action and exploration rather well and there are definitive peaks along the way. There are passages that are downright frightening and suspenseful, followed by some intense action (thank god not as much as in the previous two games), followed by some calmer exploration and puzzle-solving. The constant change helps the game to not get boring and to always feel fresh and interesting.The redneck-Setting is also a welcome change. The Bakers are interesting villains with unique traits to each of them. One warning though: This game is bloody and in some scenes downright disturbing. So if you are kinda sensitive to violence, gore and Horror in general, you might want to reconsider playing it. Also: Jump Scares. Not too many, but they are there, and they are well done. I jumped.. more than once.The great thing is, the game never relies on cheap jump scares. There is so much subtle horror spread in as well, and especially these subtle elements made this game frightening (That freaking old woman in the wheelchair, I swear...).GameplayThe Gameplay might have switched massive in terms of perspective, changing from shoulder perspective to first person, but the core is still the same, as you might know from older entries in the series: Explore a complex, but somewhat open area, try to solve riddles and collect items to open up new ways. The inventory management can get a bit tedious, but I think they deliberately made it that way to recreate the way, the older games worked.The shooting works fine, although the enemy-types get somewhat stale after a few hours, especially since the main enemies aren't all that interesting to begin with. Excluded from this are the bossfight, of which there are plenty. Every single Boss fight has some sort of gimmick and creative idea and all in all they are plain fun.PresentationThis is where things get a bit rough. The graphics are fine, but nothing to write home about. The Lighting is very atmospheric and the use of color is clever in most places, but whenever you stop to look at details, washed out textures and rough edges, combined with some horrible smoothening effects will make your eyes hurt. The physics are also almost laughably bad, especially when it comes to the movement of hair. I don't know, if its because of the havok physics engine, but other technologies, like in Rise of the Tomb Raider do a far better job.But when it comes to sound, Resident Evil 7 steals the show. The music is subtle in most places, but always fitting while the sound effects are the main reason you almost crap your pants every five seconds. The whole house is creaking, every object in the envoirement that would emit some sort of sound has a realistic sound made for it. The world feels alive and the immersion is therefore fantastic.Replayability & ContentThe game is not too short and not too long. It took me about 8 hours to complete for the first time which is nice and dandy, since it started to drag a bit in the end. Interestingly, there are different endings and since you have to settle on one ending way before the game actually ends, I am keen to replay it again right now to find out how the last third of game pans out with  a different choice.Can't say much about the DLCs, havent bought them, yet. But for the main game, it is worth it's price tag.TL;DRPROSAtmosphere is greatGameplay is funVery surprising twists and turns along the wayInteresting setting and villainsReplayabilityCONSTechnical fidelity is kinda mehRiddles are a bit too easyLast half hour drags a bit too muchRecommendation? Absolutely, if you are a fan of horror-games"
,Recommended,418370,31447725,Posted: 29 April,all,integratedgrafx,"Excellent horror game. One of the best i've played. The fact that you have weapons to fight back does not make it any less scary. However the last third of the game takes a turn from scary to more fps combat heavy gameplay that I wish the game hadn't done. I would give  this game a 8/10. $60 tho is kinda a steep price for about 16 hours of fun with little replayability, i'd wait for a price drop or a steam sale."
76561198079774545,Recommended,418370,29474574,Posted: 24 January,all,abugaj,"I have been a RE fan since the beginning and while this game does return to survival horror it doesn't do enough to warrant a full 60 dollars. As many RE fans during the years I have been pining for the series to return to its roots with limited resourses, item management, limited mobility, and a decent story.  This game has all that but is it enough?Story: Ok this game has a decent story especially in the beginning. However, the ending areas just fall flat almost like the devs were just ready to finish the game. Extremely linear through the last few areas which is a bit of a let down. The characters were great especially the Baker family and your encounters with each of them. The ending just felt a bit anti climatic they really could have done better. The voice acting is good and I did think the video tapes added a nice touch to the game.Controls: Controls are solid but the game just feels sluggish. You can block, run,shoot,quick turn,and crouch thats about it. No jumping. Your character has the slowest run in a game ever. Thats not a bad thing though this creates tension. Think Outlast. You will be defenseless a few times and have to hide ala Outlast/Alien Isolation.Graphics: This game despite what most people have said looks great the mansion is highly detailed and a joy to explore, Unless you have a beast of a rig though don't touch internal resolution scaling leave that at 1 or 1.5.Performance: I had to put some settings down as this game had frame rate drops terribly at times especially when turning a corner. I found if the frames dipped that if I quit the game and came back it would go back to 60. You might have to tweak your settings a bit.Replay value: Ha, now this is a funny one. There is next to zero replay value in this game, no horde mode of any description, no coop modes, no raid,ect. However, Capcom is selling you a 30 dollar season pass for some additional content. There is some free content coming soon though. There are 2 different endings depending on a choice you make over halfway through the game.Verdict: Ok, I give the devs credit for trying to return to their roots they did a good job overall. However, the game holds your hand a little too much for my liking, the puzzles were an obsolute joke minus one (and everyone knows which one that is) that had me stuck for 20 mins tops. Their were a total of 4 enemy types one of which you see maybe 3 times. The game has good pacing and kept me engaged all the way through but for 60 dollars I wouldn't pull the trigger. If you can try to rent this one or play it on steam share. I do recommend this game but not at full price. The game will take you about 10 hours tops."
,Recommended,418370,29848413,Posted: 11 February,all,TheEngiGuy,"Resident Evil 7 was quite a surprise! At first, I was shocked to see this series jumping to first-person perspective in very dark environments, but this and lack of zombies aside, it's much more ""Resident Evil"" than 5 and 6. I highly recommend to turn off the HUD and crosshair for the best experience and encourage exploration.Some players are also wondering about length. It heavily depends on how quick you play. I finished the game in 14 hours with all HUD turned off but some people finished it in 10. Personally, I would say that it WILL be worth the full-price purchase once the free story DLC releases this spring.+Survival Horror returns: it's all about atmosphere, tension and feeling of being in danger with limited space in your inventory.+Gameplay alternates between slow sections with moderately-difficult puzzles to solve and gunfighting. Gunplay feels weighty and punchy, and there's also a moderate amount of guns (from ordinary pistols to grenade launcher). Needless to say, boss fights.+Graphics are great (which is a nice bonus for horror games to increase immersion), and the environment is extremely well detailed.+The story is ok. It is also (vaguely) linked to the other games in the series.-At the moment, ""very high"" shadows cause huge FPS drops and game suffers from constant stuttering in certain areas (lowering textures to medium quality might help. Luckily, texture quality option from 'very high' to 'medium' only affect texture streaming, not texture quality per se).-Final boss fight is totally linear and feels rushed."
,Recommended,418370,29620030,Posted: 31 January,all,The Daedalian,"Spoiler FreeEthan Winters receives a concerning message from his wife, Mia Winters, who has been presumed dead for the last three years. According to her email and video attachment, her location is somewhere deep in the twisting woods and murky bogs of Dulvey, Louisiana. Despite Mia’s warning to “stay away”, Ethan’s quest for answers to his wife’s disappearance drown out her desperate plea. Driving along a stretch of road that extends its reach through calming waters and swaying cypress trees that bask in golden sunlight, you come upon a long driveway overtaken by foliage. Slowly you make your way through the properties eerie woods and stumble upon the backdoor of a sizable home that offers no evidence of present tenants.It’s within the next ten minutes of gameplay that flaunt an atmosphere so uninviting, uninstalling is still a justifiable option. The Dulvey House is littered with garbage, crumbling furniture, and a foundation that looks older than the dirt it was built on.  Beneath it’s rotting floorboards, between tight corridors and passages lies darker horrors than imaginable. Scalpels stained crimson with blood and other tools of unspeakable punishment are caked in bodily fluid. Jars containing human remains and newspaper clippings of missing persons litter the basements damp rocky walls and shelves. All these grotesque visuals are just the tip of the iceberg for what gruesome horrors await in the following eight to ten hours of gameplay.What stood out most in my entire experience was not just the incredible atmosphere Biohazard builds, but the realistic nature of the Bakery property inhabitants. Note that I won’t go into detail on the characters as I feel like they are better encountered for oneself firsthand. However, the animation and modeling work put into their movements and appearance is so life-like that your monitor or TV will feel more like a window than a panel with thousands of tiny lights. Enemies feel grounded to their surfaces, subject to gravity and shifting of their weight, aware of their surroundings and intelligent in their ambush techniques. They see you when you peek around corners, hear you when you make a believable amount of noise and harass you with shouting when hiding. Facial animations could use some work but despite some oddly synced audio and mouth animations and extremely rare cases of clipping, they display enough emotion to immerse you deeper in this house of horror.As you explore your surroundings, useful items can be used or crafted to increase their power or potency, or dismantled to craft entirely different items altogether. Weapon pickups are paced appropriately and ammunition is a precious commodity. Dispensing it is a battle in itself as the scarcity factor weighs on your mind, and it’s overall effectiveness comes into question. With a limited number of item slots, you’ll have to decide for yourself if backtracking to the closest bank-like chest is worthwhile, or discarding items to acquire new ones is more important. Inventory and ammo management is executed perfectly in Biohazard and its importance grows even heavier when playing on Madhouse Difficulty.The prevalent reminder of intelligent nearby enemies and the tense fight or flight based resource control are not Biohazards only shining achievements. Outside-of or following combat, the Baker house alone is a force to be reckoned with. It’s tight narrow hallways and passages are not so easily discoverable, and require specific keys and items that are scattered throughout all floors of the home to unlock or make your way through. While they pose as puzzles, they more-so resemble obstacles as their functions alone give you a clear sense of what needs to be done to solve them. Granted they throw a good deal of hurdles in your direction and are intelligently designed, they don’t require a lot of critical thinking to solve.With that being said, I applaud Biohazard for its clever use of backtracking. Nobody really enjoys visiting the same area time and time again, but in this case I never felt any sense of boredom or casual strolling back and forth. Terror lurked around every corner and it’s quality jump scares were accompanied with some very tense and hair raising moments that weren’t scripted or ‘triggered’ by player interaction. Biohazard’s scenery followed suit to others in it’s genre from time to time, meaning yes, there’s spooky dolls and eerie carvings, but it wasn’t the cornerstone for it’s frightening demeanor. Furthermore, there was rarely any noticeable cheap spike in volume and all the scares were justified by their realistic approach.In terms of audio quality I would argue it’s fine-tuned and precise. The Baker family's vocabulary was outlandish and fitting, and their variety of dialogue while hiding or fighting was surprisingly engaging. From excited bursts of anger to taunts and teasing. Crouched down behind pallets and broken furniture, enemies would shout your name like some sick twisted game of Marco Polo. Grow delighted upon detecting you, furious in your abilities of juking past them, and laugh at your attempts of doing damage. Paired with the aforementioned animation, the superb voice acting only builds to the already immersive experience.There’s a lot to be said about first impressions, and at first glance the graphics appear very crude in textures and lacking in overall polish. This drawback is counterbalanced by some very realistic lighting and (more often than not) ‘graphic’ visual effects. Cutscene-like sequences tie in very nicely with the gameplay itself, making for a very fluid experience all the way through. The environment itself is detailed in terms of clutter whether it’s foliage, household items, or tar-like material made by The Molded, all work together throughout the game to distract from the already mentioned above-average textures.Enemies are horrifically detailed and their appearance was given a great deal of attention, however, they lack in variety and abilities. The Molded (and the Baker family) are your most recurring obstacles throughout the game, and while they present a very real and threatening presence, they range from: small/fast, tall/damaging, slow/resilient. This shallow range of enemies is not a massive blow to the experience itself but it doesn’t add much complexity to the later half of the game.Lastly, and regrettably, somewhere along the way Resident Evil 7 loses it’s charm. Particularly noticeable in the later half or (arguably) last quarter. It’s narrative remains strong all throughout, however the gameplay takes a turn in a direction that is outside the tone it spent a great deal of time constructing. This could be caused by a sense of security behind a modest arsenal, or a lack of challenging enemy variants. Regardless, it carries out a wonderful story that is both engaging and intriguing.When it’s all said and done, Madhouse Difficulty unlocks and is another mountain in itself to climb. Saving which was previously done by interacting with a tape recorder, now requires actual cassette tapes that can be found scattered throughout the game. Item locations are re-arranged from their previous location. Enemies appear more frequently and are even more intelligent and determined in halting your progress, while ammunition and item abundance is more scarce than before. A truly challenging playthrough that pulls you right back into it’s gruesome and horrifying tale.All in all, a must play. Noticeable but small in scale flaws include enemies leaving more to be desired, graphics meet expectations and it’s initial charm wears thin, but it makes right with a truly haunting atmosphere, unique characters and solid storytelling. Resident Evil 7 Biohazard leaves one hell of a lasting impression in terms of overall quality and overcomes obstacles that other games in it’s genre fail to even tackle."
,Not Recommended,418370,31535288,Posted: 3 May,all,RaphielDrake,"So, I have played every RE to date and I have almost every horror game on Steam. RE7 has its good qualities and its bad qualities. Lets start with the good;- First person is actually somewhat refreshing in this series and enhances the horror aspect.- The mechanics are pretty solid. Combining items, puzzle solving, ammo conservation etc etc. These are all still present, as they should be.- The Bakers are pretty damn scary especially Jack. He makes the early part of the game the most memorable.- Decent graphics.- Fantastic soundtrack.- Keeps you on your toes from early to mid-game.Alright. Thats the good. Lets get to the bad;- Very small game area. RE series has always had this but I really feel that this is even more the case in RE7 and first person actually enhances this negative aspect.- Short. *So* short. I mean I get it. Its a new engine but come on.- The Bakers make the *early* part of the game the most memorable. Then they take a backseat to the mould which is just insane to me. They clearly should have been persistent threats like Nemesis seen as they were the most flaunted aspect of the game.- The mould are *not* scary past the first time you see them. They're brown sludge. Are you frightened by brown sludge? No. Me neither. Its not even as though they couldn't have gone a different way with it. If you have a monster that converts biomass into more of itself you could have something like John Carpenters ""The Thing"". (The original, not the remake.) Now *that* was scary and it could masquerade as people you knew.- Theres a choice you're given before you get on a boat. Its a pointless choice with results that make little sense. Its pretty obvious which choice is canon and which isn't. If you're not going to make that choice matter just don't offer it to us, its not like people look to RE for this stuff anyway.- The second half of the game is considerably weaker and turns into an FPS rather than a horror game.- The final fight with Eveline is basically a cutscene. Why? I mean isn't she meant to be the big bad? Also, why turn her into just a big monstrosity? Wasn't part of what made her scary the fact she could insidiously ♥♥♥♥ with peoples minds? It feels like an opportunity was missed here and I just don't get why.Conclusion; I want to recommend this game and you know what? I would have but the rose-tinted glasses are off now and I look back and for the life of me the only parts I can remember fondly are the earliest parts of the game. Because that was the most similar to what I was sold in the trailer; a horror game. The rest just felt like ""oh look, uroboros again"" as if that was a part of the RE series we wanted to revisit. It isn't."
76561198155690831,Recommended,418370,31044707,Posted: 9 April,all,allanlf,"So, the game basically is pretty good.In the start when you have basically nothing to defend yourself but a pocket knife and a pistol with low ammo the game looks very similar to outlast, but once you get enough weapons and ammo (Also, this game have quite a good arsenal of weapons to get for a game you clear in about 7 hours) you can basically can go lock n' load blowing up the head of every molded (The ""minions"" of the game) you see (Yes, this is a Resident Evil title but you never actually get to face actual zombies (And yes, I know the Ganados from RE4 aren't actually zombies... but, you know what? f*ck that sh*t)) (lol, how many parentheses) but that's while you're playin' as Ethan because in a point of the game you lose all your sh*t and start playing as another character turning the sh*t into outlast again, but you get your items back once you take control of Ethan again.The way you play the game is just like in the first game of the series. (There's even the exact same shotgun puzzle in it) You're stuck in a big house with a lot of locked doors and you need to make your way through the house getting items and solving puzzles to open new areas to explore in the house. But you're not 100% of the game in this house, just most part of it.The playability is pretty much less... how could I say... locked. You have a better control of your character and your aim in this game, since it's a FPS unlike the others. But the character is still slow as f*ck even when running.About the plot it's is actually good but isn't the actually the most original thing ever. The game takes inspiration of alot of other games and horror movies. As an example the very start of the game reminds Silent Hill 2 quite alot. And there's another part of the game that is pretty much based in the movie Saw. And it's not only this. You can catch alot of ""references"" playing this game.The game have pretty nice graphics and not many glitches. The only thing you might see are parts of the body of some enemies going through doors and walls, but one thing that is actually annoying is how the vomit of the fat moldeds also go throught walls. (Yes, there are fat monsters in this game that puke out acid sh*t and explode when dead. How original)About the performance the game doesn't shine much. At least for me the game run fine in 60FPS with just few frame drops but there are some areas of the game that f*ck up your FPS no matter what. One example is when you go from the main hall of the house to the yard. The FPS ALWAYS drop to like 5 for a few seconds and then go back to the normal frame rate like if the game stopped to load the yard. And lower the graphics of the game doesn't help sh*t. But that only happens in that area and it's not as annoying as it sounds like. Also, turn off the shadow cache may help in the frame drops a little.In a overall (as I aready said in the start) the game is pretty good, but just a little short (You can clear it in like 7~8 hours depending how good are you with the puzzles. And if you already know everything what to do you can clear it in less than 5 hours (You actually earn a achievement and some items for doing that, good if you like speedruns)"
,Recommended,418370,29462947,Posted: 24 January,all,Frosk uwu,"After beating this game and collecting my thoughts I think I can safely say I am satisfied with this game as a entry in the Resident Evil series. It took me about 8 hours of straight gameplay (in a fairly sleep deprived state, so probably more like 7 hours 30 minutes if I were to account for unneccessary backtracking I did).So lets break down this review into pieces:Graphics: at times this game can look very good looking and realistic. The colors are a bit to be desired but I suppose you can say that has to do more with the setting/ tone. My only major complaint is some of the textures are hard to see sometimes and are VERY muddy. I'm not sure if this is just the game defualting to a really low setting or if the textures weren't showing properly. This actually made one of the puzzles with environmental elements a little more difficult for me seeing as it had tiny details that I had to guess from maybe 1 or 2 pixels worth of color difference.Overall for this section: 3/5Gameplay: This is the slow and deliberate gameplay i've missed from the ""survial horror"" genre. The way your character moves, the slowness and purposeful clunkiness of the aiming, the rationing of ammo its all there and felt like a loveletter to the gameplay mechanics of the original RE titles but in first person. The puzzles are also enjoyable, if a bit simple though its not something i'd complain about.Overall for this section: 5/5Story (no spoilers, dont worry ;3): From what I could glean from the story having it start out mysterious with a lot of unknowns and unexplained elements that causes some legitimate surprise when a lot of unexpected things happen. I'd say that while it does stick to the usual formula of the series I'd say it throws in enough for it to be considered something new rather than a rehash. The story comes together more near the end as loose ends are tied up which I felt lead to a satisfying conclusion. Keep in mind there are multiple endings for this game.overall for this section: 4/5Overall i'd say this was an enjoyable experience and with more content to enjoy even after my 8 hours of gameplay i'd say this was well worth the $60 I put down on it."
,Recommended,418370,29513525,Posted: 26 January,all,Fernande$,"Just like the old resident evil's, cliche, with some bio-terrorist evil guys. Lots of plot twists, puzzles, boss and guns. Just like good old Resident Evil. Stop crying your heart out :*"
76561197990075035,Recommended,418370,29497883,Posted: 26 January,all,Shambling GoatMother,Yes. Very good. It sets the bar for modern horror games while still staying true to its classic formula. I'm glad this game is a thing.
,Recommended,418370,29488308,Posted: 25 January,all,charliewaffles,"Resident Evil 7 is BY FAR the best horror game I have ever played. The Bakers are pretty much the scariest antagonists I've ever come across in a game. The first three hours of this game are bone-chillingly scary, and the atmosphere never lets up. It looks nearly photorealistic, it sounds great, it plays great... I don't know what else to say, it's one of the best games I've played in such a long time. The PC version is absolutely phenomenal, runs great, controls great on a mouse and keyboard... If you like horror games or Resident Evil, just buy it. The developers have done a truly remarkable job here."
,Recommended,418370,29480466,Posted: 25 January,all,Franz Conrad von Hötzendorf,I mean think about it!Resident Evil 5Resident Evil 6and then... BOOM!this is what i call a damn COME BACK!
,Recommended,418370,29471685,Posted: 24 January,all,Pauliee,I feel like if I ever come across a abandoned house I will remember Resident Evil 7 and not bother going in..
,Recommended,418370,29683280,Posted: 3 February,all,bgcentrs (FunFaceTV),"One of the best horror games ever. Buy it, it's worth it!"
76561198067293225,Recommended,418370,29476689,Posted: 24 January,all,joey.dobbs,"just started playing and i got to say this is the best , most intense, and scariest original resident evil to date lol forget everything you seen in past resident evils this is a totally new experiance and i can only best describe it as a mix of first person survival horror and an actual horror movie lol (engine and gameplay reminds me of the condemned series.)"
,Recommended,418370,29469981,Posted: 24 January,all,Derrick,"TL;DR: The game is incredible, very cinematic and horrifying. But I finished it all at once, and for me, there isn't much replayability. I wouldn't say it's worth $60 unless you've bought it for the PS4 (because I would absolutely do a second playthrough if I were able to play it on virtual reality.)But it deserves more praise than Dead Rising 4, which I loved, but Dead Rising 4's campaign lasted like 5 hours max.Pros:As for actual gameplay and stuff, it's just plain good. It's a lot like Outlast without the running/""parkour"". The atmosphere drives me insane, it's so good that the game doesn't rely on jump scares. Hearing footsteps near you is enough to make you want to turn your computer off and watch some Netflix.The boss fights are EPIC. Seriously, they're climactic, exciting, scary, and smooth every time. The pacing of the game is just right, you've got boring puzzles and scrounging for ammo and keys, but only for a few minutes before exciting stuff happens.Also, ever since the movie Sinister, I'm a huge fan of ""found footage"" horror. VHS tapes really freak me out.Cons:The extremely short gameplay of course.Besides that, I don't really like puzzles and scrounging in horror games, it makes me way too aware that it's just FILLER. But that's just my opinion, I know it's the way the game is designed; to have a certain amount of time that you feel safe before you're blasted with enemies and terror. I only wish there was something more. This game delivers on so many levels, but my final summation of it would be ""Explore house, solve puzzles, boss fights.""Lastly, I don't see much replayability in this. Different difficulty modes will provide some people with more hours, but I've come to the realization that higher difficulties merely make things more tedious and it's hard for me to really enjoy repetition like that."
,Recommended,418370,29672578,Posted: 3 February,all,Muhammad A.W. @ MattOtacon,"Resident Evil 7 short reviewIt started hook me in when i played the demo version on steam, i didn't expect well for RE franchise since i didn't completed RE 6 half of character story mode. Transition from ""3rd person action-zombie-shooting"" genre into first person survival horror is really well made, it make a great interaction between player and surrounding environment to live the ""horrific atmosphere"".Graphics shown in-game too really beautiful crafted, although the intro make me feel skeptical about the Textures and Colors, but once you entered the guest house, it will change completely. View from first person imitated human eye view, it has slightly curved between the centre view and the edge. Animation of character movements look realistic, weapon reloading animations really give me satisfaction feeling when i see it, i personally love it about in-game graphics, Devs care about every little details about texture in-game.Game lengthiness is not a problem, i completed it on 9 Hours 4 mins for first run, even Outlast game only give me 2-3 hours to beat it on normal mode. I bet it gonna give me an heart attack if the game longer than 20 hours playtime, lmao. It perfect for this Horror genre and i agreed it completely.Soundtrack feature in-game remind me of this country song on Horror movie, Texas Chainsaw Massacre maybe? And details about sounding when using good headphone giving you like someone sneak up behind you on midnight, perfect mimic reality surrounding sounds. It gave intense fear too when you approached darker place, cue sound when enemy appear, so intense sound make you wanna scream on midnight hahah.Gameplay return to root of Survival Horror similar Resident Evil 1 in first person view, well i can say it just like an Outlast game with advantage player able to access weaponry. Puzzle return in-game similar to first three RE franchise, but with a bit easier and more realistic puzzles.Hence, Resident Evil 7: an Outlast game with weapon + Fear game storyline,and of course it just my opinion.""every bossfight in-game are the greatest strenght for Resident Evil 7""VERDICT10/10"
76561198183262790,Recommended,418370,31157712,Posted: 15 April,all,Mississippi Chick,After all  the arnold Schwarzenegger action packed we have had since 4 the horror has made a return to resident evil
,Recommended,418370,29542818,Posted: 28 January,all,Sir Dan,"Resident Evil 7 - Easily my favourite Resident evil game of all time. It captures the fear, mystery and tension from some of the classic RE games, but with next generation technology powering the entire experience. This results in a truly fear inducing gameplay experience.Oh and I basically♥♥♥♥♥♥myself. Straight up blew out my♥♥♥♥♥♥ Thanks."
76561198143669112,Recommended,418370,29473977,Posted: 24 January,all,DefiantCrow,"Loved it! Tense, scary and fun."
,Not Recommended,418370,29498168,Posted: 26 January,all,DontRushMe,"Don't get me wrong its a great game. Feels alot like Resident 4 but I dont think it fits the 60 Dollar price tag. Story is pretty short and kinda shallow. The game does a great job at not holding your to hand too directly, and id have to say id split the game into 3 parts. First part being totally helpless, Second part you start to have more control but are still found looking for ammo and healing items and have to make chooses between crafting ammo or first aid. Third Part is more like fast pace as you have seen and mastered at this point how to kill mainly all the enemies but the games now drops alot more to give you a challenge. I found myself not really being afraid of going into rooms around the end of the second part or around 4-5 hours in. Replayablity is simalar to that of past RE in which you get special weapons to go back and play the game with and harder difficultys. Its a step in the right direction for the series but as of right now I dont think it was worth 60 for a game that took me 8 hours to beat. Wait for a sale."
,Recommended,418370,29555990,Posted: 28 January,all,Real Soviet Bear,"Resident Evil has to constantly re-invent itself to avoid becoming too familiar and with it less scary or tense. After classic RE and action-RE, we now have a return to the more survival and atmospheric parts of the franchise.There is a constant eeriness to the Baker's mansion and surrounding areas. While the graphics might seem weird at first (especially in the daytime opening), when everything gets darker and is combined with the fantastic sound direction, it really sucks you in. I don't remember the last time I was genuinely terrified of going down the stairs in a video game.Despite the change in perspective and how you interact with the world, RE7 is still very familiar. There are lots of subtle and not-so-subtle nods to older puzzles, but the pacing itself also harkens back to old titles. You are defenseless at the start of the game, slowly move on to better weapons later in the game and have a full arsenal at the end of the game. What sets RE7 apart from the rest of the series is that enemies are far more resilient and you are far more vulnerable, so even if you are equipped with firearms, each encounter may cost a lot of your resources.It's an excellent game and a fresh approach the series so sorely needed after riding the Resident Evil 4 wave for so long."
76561198076381755,Recommended,418370,29511098,Posted: 26 January,all,krackenspawn,"i really liked this game, but where is the other half of it? if I had seen there was an achievment for finishing it in 4hrs i probally would not have bought it to play over this long weekend."
,Recommended,418370,29485459,Posted: 25 January,all,Smithly,"This was one of the first games I preordered In a long time,and I must say from the first one and a half hours Ive spent in this game Im loving it so far.I dont play/like many horror titles since most Ive seen people play seem to just be cheap jump scares and  no real ""game"" there.but I truely do love this game its style of ""cat and mouse"" horror truely scares meI gives off a ""Alien isolation"" type feel to how you run/fight fighting is something you need to do at times but its more of fighting to get them off your back for a good 30mins or so.The Combat is pretty good for a game that doesnt focus on it aswell.Overall for  Resident Evil 7 I rate it a 7.8/10Im going to update this as a play the game so my rating and the information in this guide can change.EDIT:My god that was a ride Im writing this just as a beat the game, truely one of the best single player games I have played in a while!A must have game this year.The game took me 10 hours to beat my first try on normal, I will mostlikely retry on madhouse and update this review on my times for beating  it in that mode.Yes the game is pretty short but it felt perfect for the game,nothing got oldThe boss fights where very fun!I really like the game being first person only.Overall Rating!9.7/10I do currently Plan on updating this review when more DLC comes out and talking about the new ""not a hero"" Free DLC coming to the game later on."
76561198350328315,Recommended,418370,29491390,Posted: 25 January,all,DEC.,Aboslutely loved it! Played it through twice now! second time completing it in 3:02:28!
,Recommended,418370,29519367,Posted: 27 January,all,SurvivalHorrorNetwork4K,"Fear Returns Home! The Survival Horror is back !In no other Resident Evil game since CVX you felt the tension and the danger of creatures lurking behind every corner like in RE7! Capcom did a good job of bringing back the series to the original formula of Resident Evil!Same as the first game you explore a mansion better to say an entire plantation and have to solve riddles disarm traps and find weapons and ammunition to survive!You can arm yourself with Pistols,shotguns,flamethrower,grenade launcher, chainsaw and a circular saw and more to fend off the horrors of the baker plantation!IN MADHOUSE Mode you get brought back to 1996! You now have to find cassette tapes to save your game same as in the old Resident Evil Games! Choose wise when to save cause the next game over screen might bring you back to the very beginning if you do not save often!The enemies and key items location are also changed in madhouse mode, and it is the real mode to experience the fears of Resident Evil7!The Era of action horror is gone! Welcome back Survival Horror of it's finest !"
,Recommended,418370,29578021,Posted: 29 January,all,Lake,"I have been a fan of the Resident Evil series ever since I was a kid, I played all the games on the gamecube starting with the first one of course & playing all of them throughout the years. After playing & beating Resident Evil 7, I was surprised at what type of game Capcom made, I didn't actually care for this game much until the week before it came out. The whole aspect of a Resident Evil game in first person never appealed to me until I saw gameplay. The one thing I kept saying to myself while watching gameplay was that it looks exactly like 'Outlast' with guns. After playing the game I can conclude that It still holds up to that phrase. Now, how would I personally rate RE7? Well as a horror game I give it an 9/10, why? Well the game did a great job creating a very scary & intense atmosphere, there was several times while playing that I didn't want to look at my screen because I knew a jumpscare was approaching. I definitely was not scared by any other game as much as I was while playing this, but while in the begging in was scary, throughout the story it tends to slow down, I for sure didn't get as scared towards the end as I did just starting out. Now how would I rate it as a Resident Evil fan? I'd give it a 6/10. Like I said earlier in my review, i've played every Resident Evil title throughout the years, atleast beating everyone 4-5 times, this game felt nothing like a Resident Evil title, it did a great job as a horror title, but not so great as Resident Evil title. It was definatly interesting to see what Capcom could do with a first person game & I feel like they nailed it, I just really hope that they atleast consider going back to the old ways of RE, opening door animations, more creepy atmospheres, etc.. Also while this game from the beginning doesn't seem to have any correlation with other RE titles, the ending (no spoliers) does infact SOMEWHAT connect this game with the others (but not too much).Pros:Scary atomsphereAwesome jumpscaresGood weapon selection, but kind of lacking at times.Great graphicsGreat story, very entertainingEnding had a very RE feel (Shoot your way out)Cons:Had some FPS issues, which required me to restart my game 2-3 times.Couple of bugs along the way, door opening/weapon glitches (sure they'll be patched soon enough)Not too many guns, I THINK a total of 15 including melee & explosivesSame concept of enemies from previous RE gamesBoss fights too simple/repetitveLittle to no puzzles, if there were some, they got repeptitive/very easyCrafting seemed too simple, two items basically made up the entire crafting selectionGame is about 6 hours (not very long)About the game not being very long, the AVERAGE play time of previous RE games was anywhere from 10-16 hours. This very definitely A LOT shorter.In conclusion, RE7 was a good game, would I recommend it? Yes, of course. If you're a fan of Resident Evil I would say atleast try it, at worst you can return it. When I first pre-purchased it, I thought for sure I would return it within an hour or so, but I was wrong. For someone who likes horror games & may not know much about RE, i'd say yes. The game doesn't really correspond with the others too much so it's not like you would be lost with the story. Plus you never know, maybe it could get you into playing other RE games. You like Outlast? You like the sound of Outlast with guns? The sound of Outlast with guns with more of a scarier atmosphere? Then RE7 may be the horror game for you!All content written in this review is PERSONAL opinion :)"
76561197994079239,Recommended,418370,31530000,Posted: 3 May,all,[F|H] Fair Player [PL],"I am big fun of survival horror games in old good climat and story as silent hill 2, resident evil 1, 2 and 3. Today I have passed my RE7 (normal difficulty level).Comparing RE1, 2, 3 and rest of RE's I can say that RE7 is the big return to old roots both in climat, story line, amount of ammo and guns. RE7 is not an another shooter, it is like old RE's, you have some guns and ammo but sometimes is good to pass/avoid enemy to save some ammo.Story line is interesting, dialogues and end prologue caries important words what gives palyer conclusions to think throught, there are no empty worlds. RE7 did not bit, the best in my opinion silent hill 2 story line, but I can say it is much beter then re4, re5, re6. Climat, locations and music keeps player under preasure all the time, by readings documents you collect informations in your head and you try to supervise what happend here.Gamepaly is friendly, game balanced, so if you are searching good for resources you do not have to wory about ammo and healing stuff, from other point of view if you fall into the panic and you will start to shot to walls then you will get ammo problems, palyer must thing and plan his actions, for example thinking economicaly it is good to use one stronger bullet and last one standard to kill enemy, then you will spend one stronger and one standard insted of 2 stronger or 6 standarded.I was quite sceptic about 1st person view but now I can say it was very good idea. Animations are on very good level.During palying, palyer collect many items like keys, caycards, tools, lockpics, samples, pictures sometimes you need to find code for doors, so solving those all puzzles gives you very big satisfaction, in many you need to think quite hard to catch this ""gold idea"" what is the point.Fights with bosses are not so difficult but quite tricky, I had to load back game some times because I spend toooo much ammo until I understood what is the week point, heh.Graphic I describe the last because the most important is gamepaly, then art and music design. Graphic is very detailed and fit to the obscure RE climat...in connection with music it gives you very strange feelings.Resume: RE4,5,6 was closing the ""doors"" slowly for resident evil series, RE started to be an shooter insted of horror game... but some doors we need to close to open new onces...new doors for new survival horror game which connects old good climat, story line and gameplay with modern technology, sound design and graphic...Welcome in RESIDENT EVIL 7... WILL YOU JOIN TO FAMILY?"
,Recommended,418370,29477459,Posted: 24 January,all,UNSKILLED 🌙,"SPOOKY SCARY Bakers.TLDR;Resident Evil 7 is an incredibly good survival horror that brings back Resident Evil to its origins.Pros:+ No skills to upgrade+ Ambiance+ Interesting story+ SpookyCons:- Graphics- Short- Extreme lagsGeneral : 8/10Follow us hereSteamship Discord:https://discord.gg/zZ6sKvXSteamship Steam group :http://steamcommunity.com/groups/thesteamship----------------------------------------------This lastResident Evilwas announced 7 months ago and just happens to be the seventh opus of the series. Coincidence? I think not. All the major critics seems to agree that the franchise was drifting away from their roots and everyone is expecting RE7 to reconnect with the history of the franchise.You will play as Ethan, whose wife Mia disappeared 3 years ago before randomly reappearing and asking you to ""come get her"". Thinking with his♥♥♥♥♥♥ heart only our hero rushes to her rescue. This is where we drop everything and go to the Bayou to find love. We then enter the house and the many rooms inside, trying first to understand what happens, save Mia, must mostly to get the hell out.The game's ambiance is incredibly well done, there's a feeling of old, heavy atmosphere, creepy sounds, music fits perfectly and you barely notice its presence or absence. The decors are great, filled with a ton of content, photographs, tapes that really are giving you the feeling that there's a story behind the story. Sometimes even, looting content (for instance a VHS) will actually take you into the tape giving you the opportunity to replay the story behind it. Very original and adding a great touch to the story. Let's mention that the stress build-up is also wonderfully mastered and will spook you.The gameplay really helped the immersion, you are playing first person, it really feels that you are part of the story. There's barely any HUD, a watch is your life bar and the only element you will see is the amount of ammo you have left. A really refreshing part of Resident Evil 7 is the fact that there's no skills to upgrade, no stats and that is really refreshing.Finally, the only concerns I'm voicing are regarding some bugs and lags. For instance: the FPS drop you can encounter while being near a door, going from steady 60 to 0. I believe this will be fixed very soon.  Graphically, it's too bad that sometimes, even though everything looks great while inside the house it seems like the exterior and some details seem very unpolished and odd.Let's mention that the game is short. Very short. It is totally possible to finish the game in a 8-10 hours while taking your time and looting everything.Resident Evil 7 is an excellent game that you should pick up. I believe the game deserve a 8/10 and I am really looking forward the DLCs that are going to be played as additional chapters to the story.General : 8/10Follow us hereSteamship Discord:https://discord.gg/zZ6sKvXSteamship Steam group :http://steamcommunity.com/groups/thesteamship"
,Recommended,418370,29712715,Posted: 5 February,all,Luisfius,"Extremely impressive game.When I heard that  RE 7 would be first person and with  less focus on combat, I was worried. I thought they would be ripping off Frictional Games's stuff too much and have it be too intense for me.I cannot play Amnesia or Outlast for that reason. They are too intense, and having no real defense in those is not my idea of having a fun time. They put me on edge and I cannot stand it.This manages to balance that  even in the start.The main character in this is far from defenseless.At first it does not feel like resident evil, but soon enough you get the resource management, the combat, and the nonsensical puzzles and door emblem quests.And even ingame it shows that as ""normal"" people, the antagonist family was getting goddamn puzzle doors.Who or why would  get goddamn puzzle doors?The doors are an issue though. There are several instances where kicking the door would be a perfectly acceptable solution, both for the protagonist and the antagonists, but IT SEEMS they cannot do it. Even though they do show it in the demo!There is also a distinct lack of self-defenestration. Then again, the main character is NOT Leon S. Kennedy, who is the designated self-defenestrator in the series.Try the demo.It gets better from there."
,Recommended,418370,29508677,Posted: 26 January,all,Awe7A,I've never had to make ｄａｄｄｙ ｃｕｍ so many times in such a short period of time.
,Recommended,418370,29937724,Posted: 15 February,all,Cyrus40K,"It's good for Resident Evil to go back to its roots.Edit:It's very strange that I bought this on Steam but it shows that I get this free. Never mind, it doesn't matter.The Good:1. The best Resident Evil since the 1st and 2nd in series. It does goes back to the original gameplay.2. Visual, audio, up to date with the latest gaming technology. Though there is some minor issue, such as low framerate in the boss fight scene before the ship wreck.The Cons:1. Same as many other Japanese horor games, the movement speed is extremely slow. If you've got used to Western games like Outlast, Cry of Fear or even Dead Space, in which the player move speed is very fast and fluent, this may make you not comfortable.2. Aiming is difficult not because your framerate is low or your mouse is bad but because the Japanese game developers design it this way. This ""feature"" may make some player angry.3. Boss fights are exremely script restricted. This may be too hard for some player (I personally took too much time to fight the three boss fights and they made me very tired, not fun at all).Resident Evil 7 in some ways are very similar to The Evil Within. Japanese producer, and Japanese gameplay. If you like the 1st and 2nd game in this series, you will still like the 7. It is the way Resident Evil 1 could have been."
,Not Recommended,418370,30401072,Posted: 8 March,all,"Kurt ""Dirty"" Angle ""s""","not worth 80$. if the DLC was included, even then it would be a stretch. The 'playability' is very limited. (replaying the story mode with the added value of a 3 round pistol doesn't count as much 'playability' for me.) The only reason to play through multiple times would be for the achievements which don't actually mean anything, right? The fact you get a story mode that can be max stretched to around 11-12 hours, i would say max, for first playthrough, and thats it? uhhhhhhh. 80$ for a movie basically, good video games are timeless and you can go back to play them whenever. Even the DLC doesn't have multiplayer. I don't even like multiplayer but it seems like thats the go-to for replayability for a game, and this doesn't even have that. What exactly is worth $120 from this game + the DLC? wasted money FeelsGoodMan :)"
,Recommended,418370,29861202,Posted: 11 February,all,⭐ChapaNDJ⭐,"I was very skeptical when the demo was released, but i'm glad it turned out great.This is a true Resident Evil game through and through. The Baker's mansion bring really nice memories of the old games. The backtrack (which is not very annoying here), the save rooms, the music, the tension and suspense that comes with the atmosphere reminds me of how good Resident Evil used to be.I'm surprised with the voice acting, i really liked it, especially Jack and Marguerite. Really good stuff.There's an awesome Chainsaw Massacre and a bit of a True Detective feel in this game. Maybe because of the dark and creepy atmosphere.I'm very satisfied with what they have accomplished, it would be great if they keep going this way, but i hope RE 2 Remake remains intact.10/10 would buy it again. This is an instant classic for me."
76561197991756666,Recommended,418370,29689242,Posted: 4 February,all,nerk hayze,"TOO LONG-TOO SHORT ?you decideWOW,I enjoyed it, it had me captivated when i played it.some things to consider:-it may receive criticisim for being too short, (though I was totally engrossed & didn't notice time moving on)positive points+graphics are immersive & very nice to look at, (not too heavy)+wow,it's so much likeOUTLASTyou want to thank these dev's for placing weapons in the world,TIMES we all played that game & would have loved to put a bullet through the bosses+soundtrack is awesome♪, i won't be surprised you playing this as loud as possiblehttp://store.steampowered.com/app/583810Now, (time of writing) not much is released from the season pass, & I am looking forward to the DLC dropNOT A HEROHaving played a few games in this series, & completed them,BIOHAZARD 6,BIOHAZARD REVELATIONS,there are others I didn't complete yet. Though this has always been a series I enjoyed.What are my thoughts of this game in that context. It is as you may have read a SURVIVOR HORROR SHOOTER.I liked it, IT IS DIFFERENT but related to the other BIOHAZARD games.It is an ''open'' world.It is FPS - first person shooter, (unlike) others in the series.Settings:-farmhouse-abandoned ship-an underground minemy recommendationGame On"
,Recommended,418370,29462137,Posted: 24 January,all,Juli Kidman,"Game run smooth, No crash or bug on my first run till the end, Yes I play the game on Easy mode (laugh as much as you want lol) but I will be replaying this game in the normal mode and then Madhouse Mode for my next run. My PC spec below:➊ OS: Windows 7 Home Premium 64-bit ✔➋ Processor: Intel(R) Core(TM) i7-3770 CPU @ 3.4GHz (8 CPUs) ~3.9GHz ✔➌ Memory: 16384MB RAM ✔➍ Chip Type: GeForce GTX 1080 ✔➎ Manufacturer: NVDIA ✔I'am a big fan of RE2, RE3 and RE Outbreaks. Honestly speaking, I'am not one of the people who agree with capcom changing their game from third person to first person, but I manage to enjoy the game, I got spooked alot of times by those ""Skirmish"" if I recall correctly, the soldier called them that in the game.The Puzzle is back BUT it wasn't as hard as people claiming to be. I manage to figure it out not as long as I would believe so, but it is indeed enjoyable. I wish we could play more with bigger map but this will do. The horror element is indeed back in the game, and many jump scare moment, like when you turn to the corner and suddenly you seeing black stuff on your face, the skirmish right on your face.Not many type of enemy thou sadly, wish there were more. The boss battle are intense as f*ck, especially the begining part...like wtf man why do I have to see Mia crawling on the stairs...that just..geez!The soundtrack is very creepy...everytime I hear that creepy soundtrack starting in the background, I quickly crouch and wait....and wait...and wait...didn't know the creature walking slowly right behind me, the moment it hit me, I paused the game.Anyway, I wish and hope Capcom will bring back the third person style in their future RE games with the Main RE heroes as our protagonist. I would love to see the next game with their new RE Engine and playing as Leon/Chris/Jill/Ada etc on their next game.Peace! Sorry about my English."
,Recommended,418370,29492743,Posted: 25 January,all,Mrmtndew,"The first 4 to 5 hours playing this game was great. Spooky atmosphere, scares/jump scares, the main characters/NPC's were made awesomely. Puzzle's and boss fights were amazing as well ((Basically every review made said this.)Though after the 4 to 5 hours the running around got a bit stale after about an hour. Trying to run around monsters and find weapons, then killing the monsters trying to find other things. Then once you're done running around, you run around some more, just wasn't too great. A very different feel from the first part.The ending is pretty satisfying after you're done running around, though the feel of the game has changed quite a bit from hide and stay quiet until the time is right to shoot everything in sight. This isn't entirely a bad thing though, it's somewhat nice to be able to shoot your weapons that you had been hunting for for so long.Overall i think this is a great game, i would definetly recommend this to anyone who wants to play a horror with a great story line."
,Recommended,418370,29515771,Posted: 26 January,all,Bipolar Polar Bear,Entered the gameSaw a house with a swing outsideWalked towards the swing*swing moved*Got jump scared by itQuit the gameI went out for lunch and will be back10/10 will get scared by a swing again
76561198045520478,Recommended,418370,29490689,Posted: 25 January,all,FVTVRST,"Peak of the Resident Evil series.  It's first hour or so will have you scared ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.  But as time goes on, the game goes back to its roots.  Slow pacing, puzzles and tense shootouts.  That doesn't mean that the rest of the game isn't scary, its just good to see Resident Evil still remembering what it started out to be.  This is a definite buy."
,Recommended,418370,29578555,Posted: 29 January,all,The Hellmare,"Resident Evil 7 Biohazard is what I would call A PERFECT GAME. Gameplay is stong, player control is very diverse, story slowly unfolds over the game, and it really gives you a chilling vibe with every new character you meet. You see the family before and after the tragity and it is heartbreaking. Not only is RE7 a strong game, it is also an emotion game almost. Mentally on yourself and empathetically for the others you meet. If you have $60 USD I would greatly recommend purchasing this game even if you have never played a Resident Evil game before. This game for sure ranks number one on my list"
76561198083503243,Recommended,418370,29693169,Posted: 4 February,all,R E K O,"Resident Evil 7 is an instant CLASSIC. A true Resident Evil game that strikes an incredible balance between what the series has been always known for and its imperative job to evolve, be new and fresh.Since the reveal of RE7, countless misperceptions have stumbled upon its way, from being an Outlast clone, to PT’s biggest fan. Capcom maintained a strict marketing approach for RE7 making sure that nobody can expect and predict much of the game which eventually has favored RE7 in every aspect. You’re going to be so surprised of how much they’ve hidden and you will also realize how hilarious those Outlast/PT comparisons actually sound like.RE’s soul seeps through the walls of RE7; it stays true to its roots -- delicately re-introducing and invigorating the franchise which defined survival horror games for years to come. What RE7 does best is that it comes up with this amazing, refining and unique formula of visualizing and catching the classical vibes of the old RE/survival horror games and mixing them all up perfectly with new refreshing stuff that will open up new horizons for the series.At its core, it’s a game that was built with effort, quality and passion. Everything about RE7 in terms of story, characters, enemies, atmosphere, environments, graphics, sound design, gameplay elements… etc. It all connects, mashes-up and intertwines incredibly and meaningfully well together in a way that just made me feel like this is one of the smartest, most beautifully done survival horror games I’ve played this generation.RE7 offers a fantastic and immersive experience that will make you hold on to your controller from beginning to end through a suspenseful new story, interesting characters, intense atmosphere, stunning details, insane sound design, great combat/gunplay, engaging item management, puzzles, exploration, backtracking and replayability.Pros:+ Excellent storytelling and strong narrative+ Playable flashbacks allowing for gameplay variety+ Beautifully done and a well-balanced RE/survival horror game+ Sheer amount of visual fidelity and gorgeous presentation+ Insane sound design with wonderful soundtracks+ Engaging combat, gunplay, item management, puzzles, exploration and backtracking+ Emergent game design: certain scenarios vary depending on how you play+ Good replay valueCons:- Extra modes are included in upcoming DLCs9.5/10 - Resident Evil 7 is a masterpiece. A MUST BUY for every RE or a survival horror fan!"
45217784214531234,Recommended,418370,29518366,Posted: 27 January,all,realminisky,"When Mia was talking about Daddy, I thought she meant me."
76561198017887257,Recommended,418370,29501808,Posted: 26 January,all,RogueCammy,"I am loving this game so far. The horror and gameplay elements are very remniniscent to early RE games, but with an added twist clearly inspired by such horror films as EVIL DEAD, TEXAS CHAINSAW MASSACRE, INSIDIOUS and so on.A fantastic horror game even if it seems like a strange Resident Evil game. I prefer this to Resident Evil 6 any day.Also a MUST for horror film fans."
,Recommended,418370,29498339,Posted: 26 January,all,Fredrik,Such a great game! Nice to see that Resident Evil finally has returned to it's roots
,Recommended,418370,29491127,Posted: 25 January,all,Box,I could use a new pair of undies to be quite honest
,Recommended,418370,29551907,Posted: 28 January,all,megarust,"A great reimagining of the original Resident Evil style.  Mechanically this is closest to the first three games in the series.  It has areas you can explore with keys and puzzles, along with the same feeling of dread and suspense as you explore the areas.  The combat and movement itself also feels very much like the earliest games in the series; the speed of firing, turning, running away from enemies all feels so spot on compared to the early ones.  I was happy they didn't do much gameplay footage before release, so it was a pleasant surprise to discover what the game had to offer as I played on.  A game in this style is a rarity nowadays, especially with such high production values.  I can't wait to see what they do with the Resident Evil 2 remake, and the next major entry in the series."
76561198001854882,Recommended,418370,29486178,Posted: 25 January,all,Stranger,"Pretty good game, well optimized, looks great and runs great. Starts off very well, it's dynamic, unpredictable, and stressful, and will make you say WTF a few times. By the middle it's the old Resident Evil you all know and love, with the item box, weird statuette keys, and the health herbs. By the end it gets very cliche and predictable, there are some bits that didn't need to be included and you'll roll your eyes a few times. There are some genre elements that Japanese people really seem to love and they just obsessively put those things in absolutely everything they make of that genre.Having said that, this is one of the best Resident Evil games ever made and marks a very solid return to the series. It's a great direction to be going in and mixes the old with the new successfully. It makes you realize what Silent Hills could have been like and then you get a bit sad."
,Recommended,418370,34566884,Posted: 28 August,all,dumbfuck,"pretty good IMO but way too short and not very challenging, puzzles are very easy, enemies/boss fights are also easy. Feels like the game has been dumbed down from what it could've been. Madhouse is a bit more difficult but it really isn't that fun. There aren't any non DLC bonus modes/mini games, which doesn't really help, at least previous resident evil games had things like invisible enemy mode or mercenaries. The unlockables are also too easy, IMO you should have to beat madhouse vanilla before you can use your unlockables on it.Summary: It's an easy game and I don't think it's the $80 price tag, I'd be satisfied paying $50 if it came with all of the overpriced DLC."
76561198098229578,Recommended,418370,33138109,Posted: 2 July,all,BadlyDrawnFox,"Are you a mold person? Do you aspire to be a mold person? Then come along and join the fun at mold person plus!As a long time resi fan (20 years or so) I've enjoyed the highs and lows of the series. Whilst I wouldn't say that this particular episode in the entire series has the charm of the originals, it definitely has it's own appeal and is a quality title in it's own right. The game is almost a side step to the previously released games and it almost stars as a standalone game to the series, which is pretty refreshing considering how over the top Resident Evil 6 was.Any Resident Evil fan should try to look at this game with fresh eyes, rather than unfairly comparing it to the rest of the series. The game on its own, in my opinion is really very good and worth everyone giving it a look (existing fan or not)."
,Recommended,418370,29683886,Posted: 3 February,all,FatKidWitAJetPak,"I havent been this inspired to write a review for a video game in a very long time.Resident Evil 7 is covered with incredibly atmospheric gameplay and heart-racing challenges as you slowly tread down dark hallways, molded valleys, and mysterious basements. As the sun sets over the strange woodlands of this engulfing world, its hard to keep yourself from moving closer and closer to the edge of your seat. It's a suspensful decent into hell itself; a sort of mind-boggling experience where your gun will be forever pointed into the darkness. At least, it will be when you finally get one.Capcom has managed to produce an impressively detailed experience in the Resident Evil universe, something we all thought was never going to happen since the glory days of Resident Evil 4. Although reasonably shorter than any other title in the series, the 15+ hours of gameplay will likely, across several occasions, cause sweat to fly off your face as you jump out of your chair in utter terror. I found myself closing every door I opened in fear that some strange creature would sneak up behind me and stick its spikey, mutated flesh through my organs. Comprable to the quality of SOMA, Silent Hill, and Clock Tower, this horrifying, first-person journey is a worthy addition to any survival horror collection."
76561197984775173,Recommended,418370,29473319,Posted: 24 January,all,Silva,"""OMG 1st person view? This is not Resident Evil!!""STFU and play the game :P"
76561198154265546,Recommended,418370,30049793,Posted: 19 February,all,Firmamento(c'est la vie),"For RE7: FML.Don't get fooled by my playtime, I actually finished (watching my friend) proceeding half the game and as a grown♥♥♥♥♥woman who has never watched a single horror movie nor any horror games, I consider myself a suitable reviewer.I thought this was a hyper-horror (if thats a word) FPS game, but nah, it's not. It's gross, yeah, but in a good way, like you dont wanna stay in this frikin' house for another second cuz' its so gross and dark and creepy and everything alive is smiling at you, for no reason. In RE, blood is unavailable, all you got is some sort of yellow mixture that comes from all types of monsters, black dogs, spiders, bees (or whatever you call it) and grandparents.One thing that confuses me is that there's no pressure in this game: you are basically solving puzzles and you have all the time in the world, no rush. Shouldn't pressure be one of the principles for horror games ? Guess I'm wrong. Also the puzzles are way too easy, especially for someone who plays escape games on smart phone. Once there's a clock, with a note by its side, saying ""the same time as others."" Are you serious ? I mean, are you frikin' serious ? Do you think I don't understand English or what ? So I turn around and check another clock and yes, that's the code. Surprise.Mia is actually charming for a girl who would sneak into a goddamn old wooden maison at night and have a hobby of crawling on stairs. She was the only reason for players to step into the old house and she did it well. I see how she's being my girlfriend changed my life.I do like most of the game excepting the monsters, the jumpscares, the too-obvious puzzles and the dont-have-to-be-so-long videos. Game is recommended."
,Not Recommended,418370,29515177,Posted: 26 January,all,Kinkaru,The game itself is great. Unfortunatly it showed up on steam as a VR title and accessable by the HTC Vive. This is not the case. Its locked for a year and not a real feature. If I had known this I would have waited to aquire the title.  DO NOT buy for VR.
76561197971101779,Recommended,418370,29512843,Posted: 26 January,all,Kz,"""Welcome to the family, son""Easily one of the best games I've played in a decade and the best Resident Evil since Resident Evil 3: Nemesis. A true return to the survival horror roots with a new first person perspective twist. I've only played through once but I will be again probably 2-3 more times to unlock more endings. I had absolutely no hick ups playing in 1080p & 1440p with stable frame rates. I would recommend this to those new to the genre as well as veteran players."
,Recommended,418370,29512197,Posted: 26 January,all,Kotrovsky,"What a breath of fresh air with a nostalgic feel to it. I was really worried with the whole new model capcom was aiming for with this game, but after playing it I can say with no problems that they did one hell of a good job. The game feels so much like the first time I played Resident Evil one, the exploration, the weapons, combination of itens, puzzles, good boss battles, fun characters, cheesy one liners because it wouldn't be RE without them, and that horror feel to it that keeps you on the edge of your chair the whole way. If you're still worried about it and like the franchise, I say go for it, the game is great, and makes me want even more, get back into the story find all the collectables and shoot some more bad guys, can't wait for the DLCs. If you never played RE and you maybe thinking about grabbing this one, I say go for it too, it's great for new players, having it's own separated story in the universe you'll not feel lost, and maybe it will light up a spark to check the rest of the franchise. Love the game, great work capcom!"
76561198145122825,Recommended,418370,29683566,Posted: 3 February,all,TDCROX_5,"Wow. just wow! The first Resident Evil game I played was resident evil 4 and I played and beat that more times than i can count! But this!!! This game was amazing!!!! It odly did not feel too much like a resident evil game but that is not a bad thing! If you want a very very good game with action. horror, and puzzles THIS IS THE GAME FOR YOU!!!! :)"
,Recommended,418370,29511256,Posted: 26 January,all,XxLeva115xX,"Well, as a person thats played 90% of the resident evil games I can assure you that this is the weirdest one yet.You play as a guy named Ethan that goes looking for his wife after she has been missing for three years. But honestly most of the time you're just trying to survive the Baker family. Now, a lot of people are saying that this is just a ""Outlast with guns"", and honestly I have to disagree. This game feels and plays much differently than outlast, and honestly thats for the best. This game has one of the best atmospheres ive ever seen. This game is not perfect by any means, the character feels like you're constantly running in syrup and Ethan's voice actor seems very monotone (uninterested..?) at times.I'm awful at writing stuff, but i hope i could share my feelings about this game with you. It's very fun, very different from other Resident evil titles. I was very happy with this purchase."
76561198040732381,Recommended,418370,29495373,Posted: 25 January,all,Zyrallus,"I'm compelled to write a review since it's been about 11 years since I've enjoyed a Resident Evil game. This game isn't perfect; I'll dispel with that immediately. It does, however, merge horror, solid action combat, and exploration in a way that horror games haven't managed since Silent Hill 2. This is not the second coming, but it's a damn good time for anyone that misses the heyday of horror games with enjoyable gameplay and a bit of bite. Give it a shot!"
,Recommended,418370,29492601,Posted: 25 January,all,Kurt,One of the best horror games out there.
,Recommended,418370,29495571,Posted: 25 January,all,Romero,"Resident Evil VII is a major return to form for the franchise. I love the return of the puzzles, it's actually pretty ♥♥♥♥ing terrifying, and it makes you want to keep on playing. I got bored with most other horror games of this generation, but I kept actually wanting to play all the way through with this one without even a thought. This is highly recommended. Please Capcom, continue Resident Evil in this direction. The perfect upgrade to the original gameplay of the classic Resident Evil games."
,Recommended,418370,29595192,Posted: 30 January,all,vaga,scary
,Recommended,418370,29578940,Posted: 29 January,all,precision_aim,"It's been years since i have played a Resident Evil title. This game completely blew me away!! From the graphics, to the suspense throughout the whole game, and the story..... i would rate this an A+! I beat it in a day and a half, though. Hope they add more to the story for us to enjoy, otherwise i will be back for more capcom titles."
,Recommended,418370,29478468,Posted: 25 January,all,Gemanoneko,"Yep, this is the best thing that happened to Resident Evil since RE2 (sorry, I don't like RE4 and all the action games that followed).Also, really love the technical side of the release. I do have a new PC with GeForce 1080, but still not all games run perfect in 4K. RE does. Very smooth experience. And HDR is actually working with my TV. Love it.Not sure that I want to try it in VR (motion sickness + lower resolution) but I will, if it will be Oculus compatible some day.UPD: Finished the game. Yep. This is Resident Evil as I like it :)Already played a little bit on normal - aiming for the second ending. Albert gun is pretty cool :)"
76561198242197914,Recommended,418370,29477628,Posted: 24 January,all,Jack,Pros- Its actually scary- Great combat- Heaps of replay value- Awesome storyCons- A little on the short side- Its starts to turn into a bit of a shooter towards the end- No zombies- Pretty much no enemy varietyOverall this game is fantastic and a great revitalization of the series i personally found the first person gameplay was much better and i hope they stick with it if your a lover of classic Resident Evil and scary games buy this now.
76561198007233461,Recommended,418370,29509609,Posted: 26 January,all,michael.schonert,"so, after finishing the game , i just have one thing to say to everyone who is considering to buy it .GET IT if- you like to have a strong story( it takes some reading to get everything)- you want to get chilled to the bone and have a big amount of those of♥♥♥♥♥♥o♥♥♥♥♥♥moments- you want movie - like graphics, hell this really feels more like a movie than a game!this was the   most thrilling piece of art i played since dead space 1 and you feel with all characters you come across the story line .Great game , great piece of art , worth the money for sure!"
,Recommended,418370,29475275,Posted: 24 January,all,Kelso,"With what I can only describe as a return to grandure, Resident Evil 7 manages to breath life back into a franchise that had very much lost touch with it's roots.What RE7 manages to do is make you afraid again. It feels equal parts like the original Resident Evil, with a touch of Outlast and a sprinkle of Condemned: Criminal Origins. The shift to first person, something I was originaly somewhat sceptical of, makes everything much more claustrophobic, and the scarcity of resources at your disposal keeps you constantly on edge. I found myself asking; ""Can I really afford to wast a bullet?""The visuals are great, every environment is detailed and oozing with atmosphere, and the developers don't shy away from freaking you out with some pretty nasty surprises. Without spoiling anything, I was honestly shocked by some of the things the protagonist is forced to endure.It feels thourouhly refreshing to play a triple-A horror title that actually manages to scare me all the way up until the end."
,Recommended,418370,29494146,Posted: 25 January,all,@letheUK,"Considering that Survival Horror is most probably my favourite genre of games, it may come as a suprise to most of you that  prior to RE7 I had neverplayed a Resident Evil game, I had a basic understanding of the lore and story but not too much. I played the first demo a couple months ago and was very impressed. Scared... but impressed.TL;DR - I heard so many thinks about how 7 was a return to form for the RE franchise and after playing it I can confirm that if the 'RE Roots' are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ly horrifying then it is infact a 'return to form'. 8.5/10.*PERFORMANCE*My Specs• Intel i5 6500• MSI Gaming X GTX1060• 8GB Corsair Vengeance LPX• Corsair CX600M 600WGame ran fantastically on my rig at 1080p - High/Very High with some Post-FX, always 60+ in open play, however opening to new areas caused stuttering.9/10 for PERFORMANCE.*GRAPHICS*The graphics are great for the most part running the settings listed above, however some textures are... ugh, especially at the end of the final fight... but yeah8/10 for GRAPHICS.*AUDIO*I played with Audio Technica ATH-M50 Headphones and the audio was great, especially in that first hour or two, not knowing if that pot falling in the next room is actually an enemy or not, terrifying stuff.The music too was great, classic horror music screeching strings adding to the already intense encounters.Also, that 'Go Tell Aunt Rhody' is FANTASTIC, I found myself watching the intro cinematic everytime I start up the game.9/10 for AUDIO.*PLOT*The plot is nice and intriguing, Ethan(you) receive a video from Mia(your girlfriend) telling you she can't wait to see you after she finishes this 'babysitting job' but she never returns.Three years later you get an email from Mia telling you to find her at a farmhouse in Dulvey, Lousiana.When you arrive you realize something is... off, without spoiling too much of the plot, the family who own the farmhouse are still around and aren't too happy that your here trying to get Mia back.The Family is made up Jack, Marguerite, Lucas & an old lady Baker, each family member have their own unique nuiances and horror stylesmThere are tapes found around the world that help tie the events that happend before your arrival and the present together, aswell as the standard notes and diary entries.8/10 for PLOT*GAMEPLAY*Now for the meat & potatoes of the game, the gameplay, for the most part it's your standard Surivival Horror stuff. Ammo conservation, inventory management, puzzle solving, that kinda thing.This game is made special by 'The Family'  every encounter more intense than the last.I don't want to go into too much detail about the family because finding about their stories because finding that stuff out yourself is a lot of the fun from this game, altough I'll say a few things about JACK.JACK is the DAD of the family, he is constantly roaming the main house while you're solving puzzles, you can hear his boots stomping on the ground from rooms away, you fight JACK in a couple different boss fights,all of them great.Speaking of boss fights, there are some and they are good. The End.The only other enemy, other than The Family, are 'The Molded' come in a few shapes and sizes, nothing too great though.Puzzles are reletively easy, shooting mechanics are good, a couple upgradable skills towards the middle of the game using Coins that you pick up.2 different endings for the game which is good, it took me 7HRS 7MINS to complete my first run on NORMAL but I hopped back a couple saves and did the end part again to catch the other ending.8/10 for GAMEPLAY.As said in the TL;DR, Overall - 8.5/10.Excited what to see what the future  has in store for the Resident Evil franchise.*STANDOUT MOMENTS, SPOILERS AHEAD*- first entering the house- Mia AKA girl from the grudge on the stairs... good lord.- All of the boss fights.- untying the cable needed for the elevator in the boat with the fat molded spawning behind you.- THAT TWIST."
76561198072328910,Recommended,418370,29476620,Posted: 24 January,all,Autter,"""This is not Resident Evil anymore"" Clearly those who said this haven't played Resident Evil 1 2 3 before.This game takes me back to its root, a real survival horror.Atmosphere and environment makes me feel nervous like it should be in RE123.If someone says ""It's not resident evil anymore""I would say ""You are not a true resident evil fan""สนุกมากสำหรับเกมนี้ ถ้าใครได้เล่นจะรู้เลยว่ามันใกล้เคียงกับภาค 1 2 3 มากๆบรรยากาศ เสียง เนื้อเรื่อง อารมณ์ของเกม มันพาให้เรากลัว ทำให้รู้สึกเป็น survival horror จริงๆในเกมตอนเล่นไป stream ไปก็มีกระตุกบ้างช่วง load ฉากแต่นอกเหนือจากนั้นถ้าไม่นับว่าเกมมันไม่ smoothหรืออะไรก็ถือว่าเกมนี้สอบผ่านครับมีอะไรเก่าๆให้หวนคิดถึงภาค 1 2 3 จริงๆ ไม่สปอยนะ แต่มีให้คิดถึงแน่นอน"
,Recommended,418370,29465252,Posted: 24 January,all,Lemming,"2 hours in review... Scariest game i've ever played. Every second your alive feels like a blessing in this game. Constantly looking behind you, checking every corner and listening with all your ability. This game truely makes you feel trapped and afraid. Runs smooth as butter for me, i7 6700k and a gtx 1080. 10/10 would recommendd this (As long as you don't have any heart issues!)."
,Recommended,418370,33498346,Posted: 13 July,all,sahfarry,"SCARY game and FUN puzzles i liked the design and was adequately spooked throughout. Lots of mystery to solve and good ideas. SOund design was tha best. Very glad this was my first entrance to the Re esries, and now am playing other games in the series :))"
76561197968488826,Recommended,418370,29595132,Posted: 30 January,all,SeventyX7,"Phenomenal experience.  I loved RE4 but didn't care for 5 or 6 very much so I came into this game with very tempered expectations.  I really liked it though.  The game combines a lot of innovations from Outlast with old conventional RE ones.  I definitely felt like the scariest parts of the game were the parts where I didn't really have any weapons or ammo, though.  That aside, I really got into the scary atmosphere and there were great horror/startling moments.The only reservation about the game I have for recommendations is realistically it will be an 8-10 hour experience for the average player doing one playthrough.  At sixty dollars, that's pretty steep.  Outlast is only $20.00 for about half that amount of playtime so I think you'd get more value for your dollar on that game.  If this game ever goes on sale for $20.00 or more I definitely recommend it though."
76561198027978031,Recommended,418370,29507687,Posted: 26 January,all,ShesAKiller,I really enjoyed this RThe best Resident Evil game in years. Fans should be pleased with this and I think it's a good place for possible new players to jump in. The decision to go with a first person POV is brilliant. Great atmosphere and a strong focus on survival. Really brings the series back to it's more grounded roots. Story isn't bad but it's really all about the setting and gameplay here. Absolutely worth a purchase.esident evil!!
,Recommended,418370,29578412,Posted: 29 January,all,Cagar,"This was a very rare YOLO-purchase from me, and what I thought would be a boring walking simulator at first, turned out to be an excellent game that can easily be compared with the earlier Resident Evil games, not only in style but in how  GREAT they are too.There's A great balance between story and gameplay HERE, and I really was surprised of how much of a ""game"" this was. Items were hidden in clever places and you really have to search every corner for them (and still miss some). You can also actually die, and it happens surprisingly often too. Puzzles required some basic thinking, without them padding progression too much.  Really, the only proper downside about the game that I can think of is related to pacing near the end, when *spoilers*:you control Mia in the boat section- it felt too detached from the rest of the game somehow, despite being important to the narrative. I can think of several reasons why I feel that way, but let's not get into that. Overall it was an extremely pleasant experience that I would recommend to everyone, and I very rarely buy games at full price on release.A big +: They've paid attention that people might play the game in different ways, and there are some events that might change or be missing completely according to how you progress+Actual gameplay+Great level design+Good balance between horror & action+Some awesome bosses and moments+Great ambient sounds & atmosphere+Very believable characters+Very good animations! (motion capture?)-Some cheap jumpscares-Optimization problems: had to turn textures to medium because it just eats all of your VRAMI rate it 4.9/5, just as good as RE4."
76561198009376369,Recommended,418370,34372878,Posted: 20 August,all,Riotstar23,"even though hardcore fans of the series might not agree, but this is the best resident evil game so far (at least the baker family part)! menacing atmosphere all throughout the game."
76561198288530738,Recommended,418370,30633114,Posted: 20 March,all,我是小森(John),best game forever
76561198077315879,Recommended,418370,29664693,Posted: 3 February,all,T3rR0r1s+_5aNdm4N,"Guys.This.Like, Holy F**K.THIS! Is the game WE (THE FANS) WANTED. (Brief side tangent - like, seriously Capcom? RE6 was garbo. the f**k were you guys thinking)My review is this. CAPCOM, you guys need a standing ovation for this s**t. This is what resident evil is, and always should have been. Puzzles coulda been a little harder, but meh. Overall this game a 15/10. Everything about this game pulls you in. Everything is relatable, with the exception of Umbrella Corps. bio-weapon antics. Through out the entire game, I felt as if I was being hunted. I credit this to the scenery and ambient sounds of the game. The characters were entralling. The fact that the story didnt revolve around some more extreme version of the T-Virus magically appearing again (Looking at you again RE6...), and was told well through dialogue and in-game readables alone makes this game worth your time. Yes, the overall game is short, but dont run. Be cautious. SAVE YOUR AMMO!!!!!!!!!!!!! and you will get your time's worth. With multiple endings AND FREE DLC in the Spring gives this game's replayablilty 100/100.Get it, and form your own opinion. You will not lose money with this game."
,Recommended,418370,29467739,Posted: 24 January,all,Danjuro,"Highly recommended for anybody who is a big fan of Resident Evil. This game fits right in with the original Resident Evil games (1, 2, 3, Code Veronica). It pays great homeage. The atmosphere, horror, and puzzles takes me back."
,Recommended,418370,30094152,Posted: 21 February,all,AssassinGlasgow,"Resident Evil 7 is absolutely nothing like the past few Resident Evil games, but in that sense it makes it that much better at being a Resident Evil game because it's returned to its survival horror roots. The game is heavy on immersion and immaculate details, which help to drive our feelings of dread and demonstrate that we, too, have the ability to scream at the top of our lungs (while Ethan, surprisingly, is pretty unfazed with getting gut punched by pretty much everybody).The strength in this game really does lie in the horror elements, not because these elements are present, but for the fact they take these elements and add small subtle changes that make them interesting. For example, depending on Jack's location he can very easily intercept you and break everything in his way to get to you. Or, he can also taunt you as you're within an inch of your life crawling towards a first aid bottle. I won't mention anything with the boss fights, but let's just say some of them can play out very differently if you don't do a specific action first. These details make the game enjoyable for both replayability but also differs the horror experience for every individual.I wouldn't say the game is pretty  (Have you seen those disgusting bugs and rotted wood and wallpaper?) but I do believe this is one of the best looking games to come out this year in terms of graphical fidelity. I understand that might be a little too early to say considering 2017 just started, but the level of detail is astounding, and it adds to the macabre and grim nature of the game. The sound design is also top notch, as the ambience it adds makes every step questionable as you move forward and makes playing with headphones an absolute must if you want to hear every faint creak in the house. Also, the game as sections that get very small and cramped so if you have claustrophobia it's going to be kind of tough.The pacing in the game was very good and was neither too slow nor too rushed. It's got enough action to move the plot forward without ever dragging anything down, and the scattered lore throughout the game reveals a lot about what happened in the Baker household, making it a very rich story to add onto RE's already extensive lore. However, the game is fairly short despite being well paced, so it can be very easy to finish this game quickly (assuming you haven't been so scared you shut it off already).Despite what is already a pretty damn good game, it does have its flaws, and I think the biggest one comes from the choice you have to make about 3/4 of the way into the game. This choice does alter some things, like the ending you get, but I believe the execution of this choice was fairly poor and skews heavily to one singular choice. I mean, I get why the best choice is the right one in a narrative sense, but the outcome of the bad choice changes very, very little over the course of the last half of the game. It felt incredibly rushed, and honestly felt like it shouldn't have been a choice in the first place.I highly recommend this game if you're into survival horror, or are an old RE fan turned off by the newer installments. Even if you're just casually interested because you think it'll be a good scare, I say play it. as the experiences you'll get will be worth it. Baker-Certified, I daresay."
,Recommended,418370,29498433,Posted: 26 January,all,Blattdorf,"Game of the Year contender right here. It's a breath of fresh air in the survival horror and a welcome shift in focus from past Resident Evil games. There are dozens upon dozens of glowing reviews of this game, so go read those for more details.I'll just say that while the game is about 6-10 hours long depending on your playstyle (why the rush?), you'll want to replay it a few times. At least once on the higher difficulty level since it changes things around in ways beyond making the enemies hit harder. I'll update my review once I finish it myself.I'll put it this way - I bought the season pass after finishing the game because I thought it was just that good, and I have faith that the DLC content will be just as solid as the main game.The only caveat I have is that the VR portion of the game remains exclusive to PSVR. I can understand the reasons for this, though I'm not particularly thrilled about it. I hope they'll add it down the line."
76561198198440806,Recommended,418370,29480274,Posted: 25 January,all,StoneColdKilla,Capcom's comeback grade A+ 8h to complete exciting thrilling tension thoughout.
,Recommended,418370,29500026,Posted: 26 January,all,Trevkilla,"I have a huge passion for Survival Horror games specifically in first person, with some of my favorites being Alien Isolation, Layers of Fear, and of course Outlast. I played the demo of this as soon as I found out it was going to be first person and was hooked immediately. But I PROMISE YOU the actual game is so so so so much more than the demo. I have never felt as much terror and agony in a game as I have playing this. IT IS TRULY HORRIFIC. When it comes to saving your soul you can't just run away and hide from whatever terror is lurking. Some times you have to try and fight to survive. Keyword is TRY because trust me you are going to be brutalized and abused to the most extreme levels throughout this entire journey. BE PREPARED"
,Recommended,418370,29683533,Posted: 3 February,all,Mayery,I am in-love with this game!!! :3It was worth everything in my opinion <3
,Recommended,418370,29476562,Posted: 24 January,all,Vile,The last time I wet myself was drinking a fifth of Jager in college and passing out on my roommates bed.10/10Would change pants again
,Recommended,418370,29560128,Posted: 29 January,all,3awaj,WELCOME TO THE FAMILY SON.
,Recommended,418370,29547534,Posted: 28 January,all,Varlus M.D.,"A return to the classic RE formula of exploration and survival, updated for the modern era and from an uncommon, though not new to the series, point of view. Unlike Survivor and Dead Aim, this time the first person perspective is done right. It takes cues from modern horror games such as Amnesia and Outlast, but it never forgets its true identity.It's classic Resident Evil. But in first person."
,Recommended,418370,29578887,Posted: 29 January,all,Dusty926,"Resident Evil is back, baby!People seem worried that this game won't be ""Resident Evil"" because it's not Third-Person. Well I can say that if you gave this game tank controls and static camera angles, this would fit in EXTREMELY nicely with the classic series.The first hour or so of the game is where it's the most different, with the Bakers featured very prominently and a bit of hiding at the start, but it very quickly becomes the Resident Evil many know and love.The gameplay is fluid, and easily grasped. It was extremely satisfying to dodge attacks not with I-frames or a quick time event, but by crouching the very same way I used to explore the environment. Every action felt smooth and buttery to perform, nothing felt janky in the slightest. Puzzles are back although some are optional and only one is as complex as most in the original game, but they are still enjoyable conclusions that feel rewarding to solve.What helps all of that is that you get extra rewards for completing the game, and even more for completing it on Madhouse [the Ultra Hard difficulty] or in under 4 hours.The story is also quite nice, with an ending that I personally found extremely satisfying and ultimately the game's pretty self-contained despite many clever winks to the series. If you're looking for an RE to get into, this is great, though you may miss out on some nostalgia winks.In terms of downsides, I can only think of three. The soundtrack, which more accurately is just decent; Some good tracks but ultimately it's better as an addition to the playing experience rather than stuff you can listen to and love outside of the game [save for some tracks, it's not all mediocre.]The length is another, however it's very subjective. In fact I don't have an issue with the length, but I know some people will so I'm listing it here. However, I feel like it's a very nice length for a horror game, and it's accurate with the older RE titles. In fact the game tends to lose a little steam [despite still being very enjoyable] in its last 3rd, so it's good it doesn't overstay its welcome.Finally, there's the enemy variety. Again, like the other downsides, it's not bad, just decent. Still, it is worth noting. You'll fight some interesting enemies, no doubt, but you won't get a whole lot of surprises apart from boss battles. I won't say exactly how many enemies there are, but I wish there could've been at least a couple more types. Still, while a little wanting, it was satisfactory enough to make the experience tense and enjoyable.This is an extremely good entry in the Resident Evil lineup, and I hope Capcom takes notes for its future titles, because third person doesn't make Resi, Resi, nor does the same tired foes we've faced dozens of times. No, THIS, THIS is Resident Evil, for the first time in a long time. Dare I say it's more Resident Evil than the Revelations games. Those are good too though, however.Resident Evil 7, get it, it's superb, and while you're at it Revelations 1 & 2 are pretty good as well."
76561198008314322,Recommended,418370,29486547,Posted: 25 January,all,Aeon Amadi,"This review will sound decidedly negative, but I ultimately do recommend the title in the broader scope if only because its story and gameplay made up for a lot of its faults. Give it a shot, see for yourself, draw your own conclusions. I'm just here to give you the cynical view.Plot:Game is a completely different take on the Resident Evil franchise and plays really well as its own addition. The story is pretty good and there's some interesting flavor for lore-hounds delving head first into the story. That said, if you're disinterested in the story or find it hard to follow, you'll likely have a hard time falling in love with the game as it is quite story driven given what it is. The plot is worthwhile and interesting, provided you can get past some age-old sins of the Survival Horror genre that Capcom seems to have dug up from the early 2000's in their quest to return to their roots.What I will say is this: AS A WORD OF WARNING, Capcom really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off in that they provide the player with an ""A or B"" choice right in the middle of the game that directly and permanently sets the course for which ending you will get. Which would be fine, except that those endings are literally binary; good or bad. Make the wrong decision and you're going to waste another few hours before you can even find out that the developers are going to make you feel like an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ because of a false-choice.Gameplay:The first person aspect sort of puts a little too much emphasis on the ability to aim, imo, as the demo really emphasized an atmosphere of true survival-horror and less action. That wound up not being quite the case in RE7, which threw the baby out with the bathwater in exchange for typical FPS mechanics. Granted, it isn't as soul-wrenchingly fast-paced as an FPS, but good luck progressing through the game if you can't aim.RE7 is underwhelming in how enemies are presented with little diversity in them. Apart from boss battles, you can expect to find less different enemies than fingers on your hand and they all have the same general rule of dispatching. What makes them especially frustrating, however, is that the enemies themselves are ultimately dumb as a sack of bricks and are the driving force behind your ammo scarcity due to being bullet sponges. I don't know when 'survival horror' become synonymous with 'frustratingly high HP enemies', but it's ♥♥♥♥ing annoying. Which brings me to my next point:Level Design:Ultimately the high HP enemy thing could be easily overlooked if it weren't for the crippling claustrophobia in almost all environments you're ever going to engage them. More times than not the survival horror aspect seems to be drawn from you being unable to move, pinned against a wall, and having to dispatch the monster equivalent of a brick wall with a figurative bb-gun. Your fear aspects come less from a sense of dread or foreboding and more from ""I can't move, so my only option is to exhaust half my inventory to kill this thing"".Besides this fault the level design is pleasant and returns to the tried and true trope of 'horror mansion in the middle of the woods' with the added flare of Louisiana wetlands (a welcome sight considering I am a Louisiana resident). There's never really a sense that you're seeing the same things over and over again, provided that you can accept that the entire setting revolves around a single location that is somewhat familiar to the Resident Evil franchise.Puzzles:The puzzles were a little lacking, imo. The greater majority were unremarkable and not very memorable, however, there is a whopping heap of puzzle content smack dab in the middle of the game that serves to really provoke some thought. This really hallmarked back to the initial concept I felt in the demo (that I honestly was hoping was going to make up more of the game) and was probably the most fun I had in the entire span of the game when I wasn't becoming immersed in the story. Once you finish this part however it goes right back in to the typical mediocrity.Conclusion:If you can get past the dreadfully small diversity in enemies one typically expects from a Resident Evil game, if you can get past the fact that they're utterly underwhelming in the greater sense of combat, if you can get past the otherwise boring and lax puzzles, and if you can get past the ridiculous binary good/bad endings... Resident Evil 7 is an otherwise good game with a pretty good story. It kept me interested right up until the end where I was left with more questions than answers. Suffice to say, it definitely has the Resident Evil spirit about it despite being such a crazy different take on the experience."
,Recommended,418370,29463236,Posted: 24 January,all,Whitney Catherine,"Don't try the madhouse difficulty, you're torturing yourself."
,Recommended,418370,29474742,Posted: 24 January,all,Hyrius,It is back! :D
,Recommended,418370,30000191,Posted: 17 February,all,雑★Nubi,"I don't know why but I like itRemember the old time REYou have to save ammo, save herbs, dodge enemies, item management ,horrible monster, crazy mental problem character, and save room .It is even more challenging on Madhouse mode because enemies mostly can one-shot you to dead .Saving ammo and herb you can get pass these very easy .I end up full of supplies at the end of the game :PIf you like the Survival Horror type of Resident Evil, You can get this oneBut not at full price like I did :lev:and I don't really know how to write a proper review"
,Recommended,418370,29509539,Posted: 26 January,all,TitsMcGee,"Short version:Great gameGreat graphicsGreat performanceGreat sound designScary as hellLong version:This is the first game since DOOM I just can't put down. They've absolutely nailed the switch to first person. It feels like a mix of new ideas and homage to the classic RE games. From inventory/ammo management to safe rooms and puzzles. It's all there. None of it feels like a chore. The balance is just right.Story wise it's the usual cryptic messages and bits of info you find lying around that lets you piece the story together. The baker family being at the centre of it. It's genuinely terrifying when you come across one of them, which could happen at any time. You never feel safe.Special mention to the sound design here. I play the game in the dark with noise cancelling headphones and for me, it's about  75% of what makes the game so scary and intense.Performance on the PC is smooth as butter. Perfect on day one (after tweaking my settings a little as it didn't detect properly). Running @2560x1440 with everything up full except for Shadows on High. Very high kills the fps.PERFORMANCE TIP: If you're getting a lot of stutter while walking around switch off Shadow Cache if you have 4GB of VRAM or less. It's designed for cards with 6+ GB. Doesn't make any difference to the look of the game.PC Specsi5 3570K @4.2GhzGTX 970 @1400Mhz16GB RAM (1866Mhz)Windows 10 ProInstall to SSD"
,Recommended,418370,30749067,Posted: 26 March,all,[GDS] Monty,Great game so far - but I need diapers.
,Recommended,418370,29567924,Posted: 29 January,all,Britbong,"It's not bad but the inventory system is utter garbage, if you enjoyed Outlast you'll probably enjoy this too though but it certainly isn't ""Resident Evil"""
,Recommended,418370,32845837,Posted: 27 June,all,PicklePumper,"Overall I have to say ""Kudos, Capcom. You've returned back to your roots after the last 2 games were a complete disaster.""But that isn't to say that the game isn't without it's flaws, as every game is.  I really didn't like the Birthday Party (being vague to avoid spoilers) at all.  Not even one bit. I thought it was out of place and seemed to be put in there just as filler.Beyond that I really enjoyed my time in this game.  I probably won't go back and try for the achievements, as EVERY Resident Evil game has it's stupid hard/not even remotely rewarding achievements that I just don't care to go after in the slightest.I would recommend this game, even though it takes around 10 hours to complete, it was still a great bit of fun and I enjoyed the ride.9/10 For all the times you bump intoGranny. Rot in Hell you creepy old biddy!"
76561198095727235,Recommended,418370,30713821,Posted: 24 March,all,RyAn2236,"THIS GAME IS AMAZING!!! by far the best Resident Evil title I have ""enjoyed"" in along time. Would reccomend this game to anyone who is a true survival horror fan!"
,Recommended,418370,29481489,Posted: 25 January,all,Hanyu💤,"simply heartattack.was calmly checking note, while from nowhere old grampa appears and destroyed door with loud yells ""AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA""he yelled.i yellednow sitting with game on pausedunno what to do xdfor sure u must have it."
,Recommended,418370,29910342,Posted: 13 February,all,Arbiter Libera,"Just a pair of stipulations before I dig into Resident Evil 7 proper – last games I played to any significant degree and finished was the original RE trilogy and I never jumped on the first-person horror bandwagon in recent years. That pretty much made me experience THIS game for what it was without many of the strings attached. In my opinion, at least. In some ways this is both oddly familiar and utterly alien at the same time.As far as story goes our dude EEEETHAAAAAAAN gets a message from his former wife. Why former? Because, well, she's kinda supposed to be dead. Which really makes it all the stranger when in the message she tells him to forget about her and lead a good life. Kinda sending mixed signals there, aren't you Mia? Following the clues Ethan heads for Louisiana and the Baker family's home where she's apparently at... where he promptly goes through a horrific experience as the hillbilly cannibal family imprisons him and it's not looking so good for the protagonist. Biggest surprise as far the story goes is that, in fact, this whole thing does tie into the Resident Evil mythos but it takes its sweet sweet time getting there and I obviously can't go into spoilers. Not that it's much of a dramatic twist or anything, after all it doesn't take a genius to figure out this ain't exactly natural or what series you're in, but the way story gets there is intriguing enough to keep you invested.It's also aided by very humorous, disturbing and memorable characters. Mainly the family where Jack stands out the most as he chases you throughout certain parts of the game and you even cross, err, blades here and there. Others have their quirks but it was the father who stuck with me the most and finding out what happened to them and why, doubly so when you get a brief flashback much later on, was the most interesting part of the story for me. It's kinda funny because the entire thing is a footnote in the overall plot. Ethan and other two story-relevant characters are sadly much blander and token. For a regular guy who finds himself in a situation straight out of a snuff movie our leading man sure takes it all in stride. Gotta give that to him at least.I did like the final cameo of a series familiar character.But enough about all that fluff nonsense because I know you want to hear what's gameplay like now that the perspective has changed. Well, surprisingly like the olden games from what I could surmise. Sure, it's first-person now and graphical fidelity is way off the charts, but the methodical play style you don't really see much in modern games overall is still there. I absolutely loved the feeling of being stalked in the old house and counting my every bullet, both in how many I had and how carefully I had to aim my shots. Limited starting inventory also adds some edge to this, but I was never forced to play inventory Tetris. One aspect game probably should've handled better are probably puzzles, though. As much as they were basically “Collect a special key to unlock the special door.” and still invoked that “Who in the hell would design this for practical use?”, there just wasn't enough of them as the game is a lot more action-centric now. Thankfully, they aren't nearly as obtuse and contrived as they used to be.To be fair, I'm speaking from the position of someone who has finished the game – first half is amazing and much better than everything else after you move elsewhere. Claustrophobic and messy rooms paired with enemies that can appear randomly and give chase really set the mood well. This is kinda diluted in the second half or so when you get much more weapons and games forsakes sneaking around to stay alive and conserve ammo for brief, and yes there is a difference, forced stealth section and outright action at the very end. I really do wish it was more evenly spread out, but in a sense that's also staying true because you would accumulate a veritable warehouse of weapons in the old games after a certain point. Not so much in Resident Evil 7 as you mainly get to replace pistol and shotgun for better models, but also get your greedy paws on some specialist weapons like a flamethrower and grenade launcher that will certainly do much good in your hands.This also brings me to bosses which could've used some more versatility and less of just being bullet sponges. They have far more PERSONALITY as characters than they have mechanical complexity. Just like in the pacing and mood, game tends to make a good impression early on as most of the bosses are in the first half. Final boss, though, was maddeningly a letdown. Come on game, you gave me all this cool stuff and I don't even get to flex my fire grenades beyond stalling for time? Disappointing.I cannot even fathom how this game has to play with VR on, but even without it was already putting me in that uncomfortable territory. It's horror, alright. Horror relying on jump scares and gore, oh god the gore, but one that makes good use of both of those elements. There are scenes early in the game that genuinely had me thinking I must've failed something, but no and that's just how Resident Evil 7 rolls – one moment you're getting your leg chopped off with a shovel and the next you're putting it together with a first aid med. Outside of combat, even. It seems only the green herbs have survived the Great Herb Wars and they're your primary healing method with the ability to turn them into genuine first aid medicine. I like how everyone's, even your own, ability to heal is actually explained by the story. Nice touch. Oh, there are also collectibles you can find in the form of coins you then use to unlock couple of goodies another character left for you. I'm talking things like steroids to raise your max health, which is still abstracted and tracked by heartbeat meter, and stabilizer to increase your weapon reload speed.Not being one to really get into graphics this is one of those cases where I have to for couple of reasons. First – game looks positively stunning on higher settings. Effort put into cluttering the locations and making them all disgusting enough to make you uneasy at all times does the other half naturally. Second – it's scalable as all hell and has convinced me Resolution Scaling needs to be a thing in every game. It's nice being able to play the game on a system below minimum specs even if you have to sacrifice eye candy. Soundtrack left me mostly ambivalent. It's your horror soundtrack with situational stings and cinematic score where fitting otherwise, but nothing that stuck with me. I won't be humming anything from this one, I'm afraid.In the end, I liked it. Is it perfect? No, especially when it drifts away in focus after you change locations, but most of Resident Evil 7 is really good and its well made as a game. Tension and dread are there in almost every hesitant step you make, gameplay is “tanky” enough in first-person to not be so off-putting to me, if that makes any sense, and the mystery is decently engaging. I just wish the main character's motivation came more to the fore and he wasn't just going about for the sake of advancing the story or become someone tells him to."
76561198169063960,Recommended,418370,29553529,Posted: 28 January,all,ClassiK,"Watched the trailer and have seen  a couple jumps scares.Bought the game and at times knew what will happen, yet still got scared...The game overall is good and I'd personally give it something from 7/10 to 8/10. Gunplay is amazing, story is ok, enemies are great, overall a very pivotal game to get. Btw I've noticed how many blamed the game for being so short, don't see a problem here. I beat the game in eight hours and by the time it was getting to the end I started to feel unbeatable like I'm playing some Evil Within game. Yet after I've beat the game, I've unlocked a new difficulty mode (and weapon :)) and when I started playing it, I've again felt very hopeless and was totally afraid of getting into a fight with the Baker family.Verdict: This game is definetly not a masterpiece nor is it a must buy title. Yet if you love horror games, this one is for you."
76561198062357147,Recommended,418370,29512257,Posted: 26 January,all,~P~R~I~M~A~L~,"RESIDENT EVIL 7 biohazard   ROCKS!!   You will be scared, haters can suck it."
,Recommended,418370,29457124,Posted: 23 January,all,Wirelesspony,"THIS IS A RESIDENT EVIL GAME AND SAVED RESIDENT EVIL.   GOOD ON YOU CAPCOM FOR SAVING RE.I played every single Re game in the franchise and hated a couple, and I was worried about Re6 and where the direction of Re was going. BUT THIS IS EXACTLY What the Resident evil franchise needed to help reboot this series. THE DARING JUMP TO FIRST PERSON, ACTUAL SURVIVAL HORROR, AND NO MORE MILITARY SHOOT.This is a huge change for the resident evil series and it worked wondefully. Resident evil needed something new and spicy to refresh this type of game. The first person adds a new type of game play similar from the jump to Re3 ---> Re4Limited Ammo, Item management, Puzzles, Re style enemies.Re7 is the start of something wonderful and actually feels like survival horror that no other franchise is able to do for years. With silent hill gone this manages to win the heart of many Re fans. I've only played this for about an hour and I feel my money is well spent.Most of the down votes have been just cpu issues. Minor frame from me i, if the demo works this should be no problem. People should really check their specs before buying."
,Recommended,418370,29457278,Posted: 23 January,all,Vengicus,"Okay so I dont OFTEN write a review for games, but I had to for Resident Evil 7. What can I say, it has everything. The horror, the survival, the puzzles, the throwbacks. As soon as I got into the game I didn't know what to expect since it felt just like the demo, nothing big and special. UNTIL♥♥♥♥♥♥went south and the game tossed me right into the action. Fighting the first enemy felt so terrifying I didn't know what to do, it was how I felt years and years ago when I first got my hands on Resident Evil 1, the original. Yes there are jump scares, but they're not terrifying jump scares, they're just the right amount in between, they spook you, but they don't make you unable to play.Movement in this game is solid. Resident Evil Survivor and Dead Aim tried the whole first person thing, and failed miserably, they were way before their time, however Resident Evil 7 comes at a time where the FPS has been perfected and they've got their take on it. It doesn't seem like much, BUT people LOVED tank controls, hell I did too, but there's something about this first person movement that actually feels tanky still, while not being unplayable, quite the contrary. It's hard to describe unless you play the game, but there is some tankness in the movement, but it in no way hinders you, it adds to the feeling of helplessness.Throwbacks are a heavy in this game and this is a HUGE spoiler alert, but they throwback to the bathtub's you have to unplug, the broken shotgun to collect the real shotgun, puzzles where you collect three of something to press on, and a hell of a lot of other throwbacks I won't mention, you just have to play to see it in action. I LOVE the status watch, it brings back the status condition screen, without it looking out of place. And the save rooms take me back.Story, well so far the story is intriguing. It starts off on a high, gets a little bit like...huh... then it starts to bring you right back in. Reading all the notes in the game is helping piece everything together in classic RE style, and all I know is that if you were worried this game was NOT Resident Evil you'd be mistaken. On the outside it LOOKS like PT or Amnesia...which I will admit they do borrow certain aspects from the games, but then again so has every other FPS horror game, but Resident Evil puts their own spin on it and if you can get past the fact it's first person you are in for the ride of your life. It is everything Ive been wanting Resident Evil to come back to, and I have a feeling this new mansion will be as memorable as the original.With only 2 hours on record, and already beaten Jack, I give this game so far a total of 9/10, I friggin love it"
,Recommended,418370,29499871,Posted: 26 January,all,Cyriel ᛭ᚲᛃᚱᛁᛖᛚ᛭,"""Yessir, they did it and they did it right."" ~Cyriel 2017.Resident EVIIL (7) is probably the most hands on in touch release in the series since 4. All the hype was worth it, though i'm not an advocate of hype in general.Story: 9/10Great pacing, no shortage of things to do and no long endless droning on in general. Well played and properly told. Overall a tremendously well done job given this one had a lot riding on it. Minor gripe (though minimal) is that the real story only really gets going partly halfway through.Sound / Ambiance: 9/10.It's scary at the right times, builds up proper tension and is doing this whole ""jump scare"" thing very well. Not overdone, not underdone, just right in my opinion. Atmosphere works fantastically and dynamic sound and general effects are fantastically done.Gameplay: 10/10.I'm a firm believer like most of you out there that the series went catastrophically downhill since 4. This one really takes it back up to a respectable standard, keeping that literal 1-3 feel without sacrificing going into a new direction regarding perspective and general gameplay mechanics. Everything in this fits very well together and doesn't make it feel like they just copypasted outlast or similar titles. Yes, there's a lot of influence but in the good way.Longevity: 8/10.Yes, there's unlocks. Yes, there's replay value. The game runs a semi RNG algorithm that mixes up certain elements of the playthrough in general, and there's the good old weapon unlocks as in older series. This counts heavily since there are also multiple endings and cross sections in some parts of the game. The length in general is fine. i've completed this with roughly 80%^ discovered in 10h48m and took a slow approach. The only slight issue i have is that the DLC is clearly not going to add to the main game in a huge way, which is a bummer. Also some of the more key aspects of the game were rather well overlooked, but not a giant hindrance.PC technical review:As some users have vocally thrown up all over the steam discussion forums, there are some issues with the pc release but i've experienced little to none of those. *DISCLAIMER* if they had, my review would not be altered in any way. (AKA learn to set up your rig properly before complaining the game is crap)Overall: 8.5/10. A solid entry in a long standing franchise, which for the first time in a long time brings hope and joy, and not ""oh look its another one"".Great job capcom. Keep up the good times.TO-DO:DD2, RE2HDRM, RE3HDRM."
,Recommended,418370,29655206,Posted: 2 February,all,Zach Rick™,I think the stale air from inside the house would kill you faster than the E-series creatures.      9.69/10
,Recommended,418370,31800958,Posted: 17 May,all,>GrandblueVengeance<,"Terrifying, horrifying and awesome. ""Resident Evil 7: Biohazard"" is one of the best Resident Evil game this year.Despite its decision to make it from third-person to first-person perspective, it still my favorite game."
76561198042341943,Recommended,418370,29710843,Posted: 4 February,all,Barrel,This overtook penumbra as my favorite horror game of all time.
,Recommended,418370,29740040,Posted: 6 February,all,! fhidann,اخيرا لعبة رعب لازم تاخذ بريك كل نص ساعه
76561198236049394,Recommended,418370,29462257,Posted: 24 January,all,ivonnangelus,"very decent game. those who started playing this serie since RE4 may feel it entire different, but for us who played since RE1, this is definitly a callback. finally we got some horror with actually charaters and story. it's also a relive that we don't get any automatic weapons here, cheers!"
,Recommended,418370,29486863,Posted: 25 January,all,CNMP,Hid behind my controller 70% of the time.Would recommend 8/8
76561198056007762,Recommended,418370,29523741,Posted: 27 January,all,Chaosturn,8.5/10a  return to the horror genre for franchises that has been lost its way for too long+ great atmosphere+ nostalgia setting+ good use of First Person Perspective+ good mix of survival and shooting mechanics+ designed boss fight- no melee attack ????- doesn't feel connected to early game- main character hardly react to anything
76561198054475911,Recommended,418370,29682949,Posted: 3 February,all,Funnymouth,"This Game Is An Absolute Masterpiece Of The Horror GenreThis is the only real review I've written for a game, simply because Resident Evil 7 has left me speechless and, quite frankly, scared me ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.Now first of all, keep in mind that as far as Resident Evil goes, I've only played (but have not yet completed) Resident Evil 6 and Resident Evil 1 (The HD Remake), so I'm not all that experienced with Resident Evil as a franchise. But, as I've found out, I don't really need to be, as this story apparently barely connects with the previous ones at all. The story is completely independent, and you can jump into this game without having played any of the previous REs and still get the full story (just like I did).Now, onto the game itself: Just what makes Resident Evil 7 scary? Well, for starters, the atmosphere in this game is stellar, and near the beginning its enough to scare the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you alone, even before any monsters show up. I found myself dreading the turn around every corner, the walk down every hallway, and the opening of every door (which doesn't take 5 minutes just like some of the other titles).And if the atmosphere wasn't enough to give you a heart attack, just you wait until the enemies come in. Resident Evil 7 presents its adversaries in a great, balanced way. It borrows elements of running and hiding from games like Outlast and Amnesia, but splices it with instances of fighting back with frantic gunplay and desperate blocking. While the AI can be a tiny bit wanky at some times, it's usually pretty great and keeps you on your toes with your heart beating out of your chest. I'd go into the characteristics of the enemies a bit more, but I think you'd enjoy it better experiencing it all for the first time yourself.I mentioned gunplay a bit in the last paragraph, and I'd like to talk about it a bit more here. Resident Evil 7 treads some dangerous ground with putting weapons in a horror game, but I can attest that it does so perfectly. This is the only game I've ever played where I've been strapped with four different guns and still felt utterly helpless. While the guns do play a very important part in fighting and dealing with enemies, the game keeps itself from getting too Rambo by making ammo considerably rare (I felt like every shot counted) and limiting the effectiveness of bullets in certain areas. While guns will slow almost everything down, there are certain enemies that will take little to no damage from particular weapons. This keeps you constantly dreadful of every enemy encounter, even when you're locked and loaded.Now, as far as I understand, Resident Evil 7 took a bold step by being the first in its entire series to use a first-person camera angle, and is amongst the few successful survival horror games to do so. I can, of course, attest that the first-person angle adds a certain feeling of immersion to the game that just can't be shaken, and I have not once felt limited by the first-person in this game.The game uses its system of item collection and combination very well, making items rare enough so that you're always a little bit worried of running out. It places various ""safe rooms"" around the game where you can store any items you collect and also save the game. Though I feel inclined to add (as other reviewers have said) that the safe rooms maintain a sort of eerie and ""unstable"" feel to them, and you never truly do feel safe in Resident Evil 7.That for the most part covers all of the good that I can go over about this game. There is a bit that I wasn't a huge fan of that I feel the need to adress however.The story was decent for the most part. Some of the character's traits seemed a little generic or unbelievable, however. I was definitely somewhat surprised by the ending, but it didn't really leave me in absolute awe. While the story definitely works for the game and isn't really that bad at all, I wouldn't really buy the game for it.While I've never been a big fan of puzzles myself, I could see how some fans of the older RE games could be slightly dissappointed. The puzzles are mostly thin-spread, and I've never spent more than a couple minutes on any one. If you're buying this game to solve puzzles, then you probably should reconsider. There are, however, existent in the game, which is more than some of Resident Evil's other latest titles can say.The game is also pretty short on its own. I beat it in 12 hours, and I've heard plenty have beaten it in under 10 their first time. The time you spend in the game is fantastic, of course, but I really was saddened to see it end. However, there are promises of future DLC, and the ending hints at someFree Content coming out Spring 2017. Until then though, we'll just have to wait. This is one of those games where I feel cheated that I can't experience it for the first time more than once, which speaks volumes about how rich the experience is.This brings me to the end of my review. In short, Resident Evil 7 is one of the few games that really does survival horror right, and actually scared the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me in the process. It's got great gameplay, awesome atmosphere, and kept me terrified all the way through. It's one of the few $60.00 games that I'd reccomend buying at full price if you can, cause it has earned every penny."
,Recommended,418370,29490703,Posted: 25 January,all,sandles for ducks,"Positives:The nice aesthetic and mood of resident evil 1 we all lovedThe slower-paced tension of resident evil 1 well lovedThe investigating and puzzle solving, inventory management of resident evil we all lovedYou can put your own foot in your inventory!Graphique fantastiqueSpookyNegatives:You cannot push grandma down the stairsIt's a bit short, would be nice if it were longerThe boss fights might be a bit annoying for some"
,Recommended,418370,30099976,Posted: 22 February,all,Echo,"[Low playtime due to being offline during my playthroughs -- it should be at around 17 hours or so by now]Ignore the hype & shun the whiners. RE7 isn't a perfect game by any means but easily stands on its own feet as a very enjoyable & well-crafted experience, one which may be short compared to some of its more recent predecessors but winds up being a remarkably addictive adventure all the same. A fine return to classic RE form after a few divisive entries in the series.Pros:- Visuals are beautifully disgusting, exactly the way you'd want and expect from the setting.- Absorbing and atmospheric environments with genuine underlying tension; none of that tiresome ""jumpscare around every"" corner crap.- Old-school non-linear exploration with inventory management and puzzles -- no hand-holding or being shoved down endless corridors for a false sense of progress. You're own your own here.- Different endings! A small thing, but a good thing!Cons:- ""Molded"" are some of the most boring enemy types in any videogame, not just the RE franchise.- Protagonists often control like cumbersome lead-footed idiots at the worst possible moments.- You will miss your shots through no real fault of your own. And you will miss them often."
,Recommended,418370,29705195,Posted: 4 February,all,BigGuyHuh,I paused the game and started playing Eurobeat when Jack began drifting.Running In the 90s/10
76561198051293129,Recommended,418370,29864698,Posted: 11 February,all,dnoob,"Great game, lot of replay value (mainly because its fun). Bring on the DLC!"
,Recommended,418370,29460375,Posted: 24 January,all,PureSushi,This is so much like the classic resident evil's and I love it!
76561197985938005,Recommended,418370,29491735,Posted: 25 January,all,Glarg,Feels like Resident Evil used to feel. Relatively short though.
,Recommended,418370,29660106,Posted: 2 February,all,vindaro,Don't play to much survival horror games but this one was definitely worth it.The story and the feeling for the characters were amazing.You finish the game quite fast but still a breath taking story.Daddy out.
76561198191169751,Recommended,418370,29702770,Posted: 4 February,all,jAcke_M,Very good game little overpriced but still good.
76561198045241460,Recommended,418370,29516103,Posted: 26 January,all,Lieutenant Popsicle,Sometimes I had to stop playing because I was too scared.- 27 year old man
76561198061666958,Recommended,418370,29509696,Posted: 26 January,all,Haupert,"This is probably the best game of the series since RE4. I would even go out on a limb to even say that this was better than RE4. This game is exactly what the series needed and I am excited to see what more they have in store for us, if they keep it up like this. Would highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,418370,29472171,Posted: 24 January,all,Silk,"This is from someone that DIDN'T played previous Resident Evils, and it is his FIRST RE game.Pros:-scary-good story-I love characters-Puzzles are cool :PCons:-Too much ammo at the end of the game (at least for me... I had plenty of ammo, I literally couldn't take few items because my whole inventory was in ammo lol)-I need new pantsPS. 9/10 would♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants again."
,Recommended,418370,29685319,Posted: 3 February,all,Neilso,Loved it. Reminds me of the original few Resident Evils. Just started playing it through a second time
76561197971887144,Recommended,418370,30386428,Posted: 7 March,all,hi im bob,"Great first person horror! Loved every moment. Maybe a little short, but still worth it. The first two hours are insanely scary, but a little less so after. Graphics were amazing. Solid game."
,Recommended,418370,29462409,Posted: 24 January,all,Trino™,1.5 Hours into the game and I lost trust to go to any houses anymore. Help :(
,Recommended,418370,29595754,Posted: 30 January,all,BilboSwaggins,Easily the best AAA game ive played in awhile. Alien isolation with less aliens and more puzzles.
,Recommended,418370,29598758,Posted: 30 January,all,King_Slayer_93,Love It. Brought Life Back to the series.
76561198255446303,Recommended,418370,29596757,Posted: 30 January,all,Snow❤,This is very different from what i think!But it was really fun!But it was really fun!But it was really fun!
76561198022460150,Recommended,418370,29506921,Posted: 26 January,all,Heavy Soul,"Holy crap....Resident Evil 7. I started playing last night with al of the lights off and about a hour in couldn't take it anymore....so I had to turn a light on. I don't scare easy, but Capcom truly knows how to get my adrenaline flowing. Honestly one of the scariest games I've ever played, and not the cheap jump at you scare. It's more of the Halloween style suspense scares. Absolutely amazing and a must play!"
,Recommended,418370,29503523,Posted: 26 January,all,Veldii,"Absolutely unreal, a masterpiece."
,Recommended,418370,29642441,Posted: 1 February,all,RATD0G,First Resident Evil game I've truly become invested in.  It has prompted me to learn the full story and I can't wait to see how it ties in with the rest of the games.
,Recommended,418370,29636904,Posted: 1 February,all,ClavoXidado,"*********NOTE: THIS REVIEW CONTAINS SPOILERS OF RE7. READ CAREFULLY PLEASE.***********""AM I DREAMING? Am I really scared while playing  RE in this mortal life, again? OHH THANK you so much CAPCOM"" <--- My first words with less than  20 minutes of timeplayed.WHAT I LOVE ABOUT THE GAME:-Do you remember those nights when you turned on your psx/psone and Nemesis was running after you around the police stations and different spots in raccoon city? or...-That day when you used to break wooden boxes to get ammo and more items? Or maybe...-That time in which you had  played RE: Survivor and you were surprised because of the FPS camera but you loved it?-Well, I'm glad to tell you that in this new RE you will have all of that. However... there is MORE!!!-You might know about this but... SURVIVAL HORROR IS BACK!!! You're gonna get those olden days goosebumps for sure!-Graphics are superb. PC gamers with a good PC (lol), are gonna fall in love with RE7.- The story is really interesting and files are worth to be collected because you end up undestanding everything better.- Talking about collectables, the achievements/trophies are awe-inspiring and the rewards you get make RE7 even more addictive just because you don't care whether you will have to complete 6 times the game or not.WHAT I DON'T LOVE ABOUT THE GAME:- The protagonist is cool but his reactions sometimes are just like...meh..! Nobody would react like that!- Final boss's fight is easy in excess. Devolopers should have worked harder there.- When you're given the choice between Zoe or Mia, if you choose Zoe you end up using Mia later in the game and that's certainly unfair. ""If I choose this girl, I wanna play as her""Capcom has made a cool move by changing the pace-style of RE. People were fed up with ""Rambo Evil Saga"", in other words; just action and more action.The essence of suspense turns this game into an addictive one and we will probably see RE7 in 2017's best games top 10!What are you waiting for? Buy the game! You won't regret it ;)"
,Recommended,418370,29579410,Posted: 29 January,all,Little Baby Man,I'm really happy to say that the game is finally scary and not some third person call of duty.Some big things includeReturn of scarce items!Enemy's you feel powerless against! (except Molded)(Easy) Puzzles.Crest doors.And so much more that makes this game amazing.So go buy it right now!
,Recommended,418370,29478406,Posted: 25 January,all,Jesus Christ,"Just finished it, im glad they're taking a right step.  let me explain why.this is no 'generic third person shooter' like the previous modern resident evil games are.this one takes a step back, and really brings back what resident evil is meant to be.i understand there are those who do enjoy the third person aspect. but that doesnt really make it a ""horrifying experience"", instead. you're in first person, you feel alot more surrounded and restricted with mininal resources.  think of this as a blend of the classic old school Resident Evil and Aliens Isolation. sometimes you cant fight back, there are certain moments where you are mouse and somebody is looking around the house for you.  while you have to puzzles, item scavenging. its great.weapons are not very effect to certain situations. i mainly used them for stuns, to give myself time.   apart from the shotgun, -mwah-.now, story wise. i personally enjoyed it. there are brilliant moments and some ""i knew that would happen"" moments.the characters, the detail, the acting. its all perfect.    maybe the guy you play wasnt that great.   doesnt freak out at moments when he should.  not even a ""OH MY GAD IT HURTS SO MUCH, SOMEBODY PLEASE KILL ME ALREADY"",  it was more like ""ah s***"".im aware of the stutter and temp freezes, could be my GTX 960, could not. but either way. i went through the game with constant crashes, freezes and stutters. but still. i enjoyed the game so much, i can easily ignore the bugs and such. other than that, im not rating the game for its crashes. im rating the actual game for its gameplay, bla bla bla.overall, i give this game a 9/10.Welcome to the family, son!"
,Recommended,418370,29565534,Posted: 29 January,all,DunderMn,Great game my heart was pounding around every corner. great story great gameplay loved every second of it!
,Recommended,418370,29621792,Posted: 31 January,all,MoonBear(ง๏ᴥ๏)ง,"This game could be a comeback for the Resident Evil series, or the end of it all. Regardless, it's an amazing game that should be enjoyed, whether looking for spooks, or looking for some oldschool-like Resident Evil. This game takes very tense moments, and it never abuses those, instead it uses them perfectly. Most games would whip out a cheap jumpscare, but RE7 takes it to another level. It makes you debate going down a dark corridor and when you finally get the nerves to go down said corridor it simply brings out an enemy for you to kill. No loud bangs to make you jump, no music to make you scared, sometimes no reason to even be scared. Sometimes an enemy to shoot is just enough to put you on edge. The safe rooms are a different story, though. It makes you think about your next move while in safe zones, and the suspense that follows while you step out to go to your next location builds up with each passing second. This suspense builds the entire game, and follows you like a shadow only for that shadow to be killed with a roaming enemy and replaced with adrenaline. Don't be mistaken though, it does have its very annoying moments. Overall, the game does its job well with what it promised to deliver. It may even bring the series back to life, but we just don't know yet.p.s. if you want the true Resident Evil experience I highly suggest playing it on madhouse."
,Recommended,418370,29564151,Posted: 29 January,all,Ka0s | die Kämpfer,"I'm the big fan of RE series and allready have tried all RE series ( except on DS and mobile ) . What can i say about this game  , RE 7 bring the new era of horror game , what we have lost for the long time ago . But the biggest mistake is this game should't named as RE 7 . Good game play , good music , good stories , good character , but bad NAME . Well done Capcom"
76561197993507844,Recommended,418370,29505273,Posted: 26 January,all,invalid index,"They did it boys. They brought Resident Evil back.(Keep in mind that this review is coming from someone who heavily disliked RE5 and never played RE6.)Don't let the change from third-person, or the VR demo fool you, in no way does this game attempt to jump on the P.T. bandwagon in an misguided attempt at cash-grab. It chooses instead to completely harken back to the classic RE—and manages to do so superbly.Ammo is scarce, enemies dangerous and the dialogue charming and sometimes straight-up goofy. The shift in perspective from third, to first-person together with somewhat stiff movement manages to perfectly recreate the feel and effect of the old busted tank controls, without actually making it feel just that—old and busted. Having to turn away and run from enemies to regain distance, thus forcing you to let them out of your field-of-view is an excellent way to instill fear and panic in the player, something only possible (to this degree at least) in an FPS.The enemies not being able to go through closed doors—albeit feeling somewhat goofy—also strengthen the nostalgia factor. Bosses are fun and intense, weapons feel good and valuable and the story is oddly enough pretty good, certainly very much so by RE's standard. NG+ and certain achievements offers fancy unlockables, making a second, third and forth play-through both fun and rewarding.By beating the game (if you didn't per-order it) you get access to the “Madhouse” difficulty, the one I did my first play-through on. Not only do we get the good old ink ribbons (this time as cassette tapes) back, but item placement is completely different. Ammo is as rare as gold and enemies don't ♥♥♥♥ about. This is the difficulty I feel best compliments the game, and is thus wholeheartedly recommended for anyone looking for that extra challenge.Be warned though, the game is short. I completed my first run in slightly under 7 hours, and that is with me taking my sweet time doing so. Although my actual playtime is probably closer to 10 or 11 hours with all the game overs and what not. With that being said, I do feel like NG+ do offer some extra value to that money, but if that is not your jam I would suggest waiting for a price drop.The only other possible negative I can currently come up with is that the game is heavily scripted. Cut-scenes and cinematic events are certainly abundant, and although I actually didn't mind them at all whilst playing, I feel like they might hamper the enjoyment of a 2nd play-through. Also, I guess enemy variety is not as good as in recent installments, but feel that at the same time, it wouldn't really be justifiable in the story to have more enemy types. It also does add some nostalgia spice to the whole dish.At the end of the day, I feel like Resident Evil 7 is a love letter to the franchise's fans. If you have played any of the first games in the series the game will immediately feel familiar and homely. If I had to give my opinion right this moment (after having just completed the game) I'd say this is easily in the top three games of the whole franchise, right up there with RE4 and the remake. Although, I might be somewhat biased ATM, seing as how the game ends with a 100% throwback to the original, as well as a familiar face. (And the promise of upcoming free content.)Anyways, since I lack imagination, I'll simply end the review with a TLDR. Thanks for reading.TLDR; I strongly recommended this game for fans and newcomers both. It manages to recreates the feel of the original splendidly, whilst modernizing just the right places. Combat is tense, story above average and the dialogue charming. The game is short (around 5-10 hours) but makes up for it in replayability. The heavily scripted sequences might get annoying during replays. Madhouse is the way to play."
,Recommended,418370,29491659,Posted: 25 January,all,w7 l ヽ(´ー｀)ﾉ,"as a game that would give RE series a restart, RE7 delivers a promising experience that most oldschool RE players would love to see. However the game itself is way to short for a 3a title. Map is quite small, and zombies wont spawn unless you trigger certain event, combat can be repetitive, and zombies wont drop any loot. Actually If they decide to add more variety to enemies, and add more weapons and items to the game it would increase the longevity of the game without compromising the gameplay. Overall this game is amazing, at least while it lasted. I hope the devs would consider implementing some elements from resident evil revleations."
76561198127989188,Recommended,418370,30105734,Posted: 22 February,all,OG,"No words needed, great game with a great story"
,Recommended,418370,33172067,Posted: 3 July,all,ZAM_SJ5,amazing horror game great job capcom
76561198060095183,Recommended,418370,30799765,Posted: 28 March,all,Jam,is spooky game
76561198137784388,Recommended,418370,29512539,Posted: 26 January,all,Viejolalo,Great game.10/10 would try to kill everything with the knife again.
,Recommended,418370,29772044,Posted: 7 February,all,Matrozesko,"I can say only one. Bravo CAPCOM. Just, bravo...P.S. Special thanks - sound designers."
,Recommended,418370,29491572,Posted: 25 January,all,Mr. Tophat,"Takes the ""Jill sandwhich"" thing to a whole new level"
,Recommended,418370,29506285,Posted: 26 January,all,Maknae,GOTY 2017
,Recommended,418370,29493384,Posted: 25 January,all,RFiato,its the first 3 resident evils.
,Recommended,418370,29483733,Posted: 25 January,all,Vhiro,8/10 my only really big flaw is the lack of endings and options.the game feels very much on a set path and with only 13 hrs now ive already beaten it once and now close to the second ending and the only thing that changes depending on your choice is the achivement you unlock at the end of the game.Just was hoping for some reason to play it over again.
76561198041912928,Recommended,418370,29520247,Posted: 27 January,all,Idk,This game is one of the best re games i have to say it goes back to the basics and it does a really well job at doing that really scary game pick this up NOW
,Recommended,418370,29476594,Posted: 24 January,all,NYC Tim,Capcom did a good! This game is amazing and a must buy.  Good job Capcom. I'm proud of you!
,Recommended,418370,29501546,Posted: 26 January,all,Good Whisky,"An Honest ReviewPros1.It's feels real, everything Ethan experiences in game makes you feel like its happening to you. MUCH KUDOS2.The feeling of never being safe...and it being very true.3.The character development is excellent I didn't want to put down the game once I started.4.Atmosphere is immersive&unsettling the entire time.5.It's not a hide and seek game6.Punishing Resource managment7.Good save points8.Not using too many jump scares9.The story is very well written10.You will die...a lot.Cons1.The ending was kinda flat, I wanted a more powerful ending to the suffering I was put through2.(Spoiler) The evil little girl scenario is a bit played out. Why does it always have to be a little girl?3.Optimization took me a while to find a setting that actually worked for me. Then it ran 60fps smooth.Overall 8.5/10Great Game! Would buy it when it goes on sale tho."
,Recommended,418370,29467968,Posted: 24 January,all,Z. Choco-BOO,"Such a fun game, really. It has a lot of the ideas of older RE games, but more modernized and in a first person perspective. On Normal difficulty, the game doesnt push back too hard and I didnt find myself dealing with too many choke points. (None, really.) This game is full of camp, too. Mostly from the Baker family memebrs, but Ethan, the protagonist, has some pretty great reactionary dialogue, too.I found the scares to have deminitioning returns, though. The beginning is creepy and might get some of those nerves going, int he good way, but I found myself finding the game to be more ont he stupid fun side than the scary (Which is perfectly fine, for me.) the campaign is roughly 8 hours. I got ""Ending 1"", no idea if going for the second ending is shorter or longer.this game has one of the most bat♥♥♥♥♥♥insane intro levels, as well as first levels, I have seen in awhile. Its fantastic. Even if the story isnt too gripping for a good chunk of the game, there was a turning point (for me) later on. This game does have some sort of NG+ mode, as youd expect from RE by now, but I have not dabbled in that yet.the hardest difficutly, Madhouse, has classic RE limited saves, where you need cassettes (instead of Ink Ribbons) to save a agme. While normal mode has unlimited and acts like RE4 saves. this is mixed in with a checkpoint system, which is fairly generous. It is less generous on Madhouse difficulty. On Normal, ammo didnt seem frequent enough for me to feel comfortable unloading on every enemy, but was frequent enough that I wasnt scared to use ammo. the end game also gives you plenty of ammo to deal with the ramp up and final boss, as well as health. (No idea how Madhouse is abalnced for this.)Overall, I think this is a great survival horror agme in general, mixes in the old style of RE very nicely, while still feeling modern and brings many new things to the RE table. As a modern Resident Evil lover myself, I am glad this game stuck to many of the old games roots, while not completely giving up on the more insane modern stuff. this game is well worth the money, I say. The game is not perfect, but it is so fun the problems I had are so minor they are barely problems."
,Recommended,418370,29532569,Posted: 27 January,all,Sam Lake,"Thank you, Capcom for listening, and saving this series!This feels like old school RE, and I love it!"
76561197995974541,Recommended,418370,29590641,Posted: 30 January,all,GraaD,"This is the best thing that happened to Resident Evil franchise since... 2002? Amazing game overall and one that treats it's roots with respect. First half of the game feels just the way RE Remake does and the scary (at first), beautifully eerie mansion feels like home now.With that said, the game is not perfect. It severely lacks background music, features a couple of clunky or useless mechanics that could be done better, and the second half of the experience feels a bit underwhelming compared to the starting areas. With that in mind, I still highly recommend this game for what it is - a stellar FPS horror game AND an amazing return of the good old Biohazard almost the way we used to love it once. If I had to rate it, I'd rate it as follows:Gameplay: 9Visuals: 10Sound: 7Story: 8Total: 8.5/10This game is a rare example of AAA-quality horror game and that is reason alone to spend money on it. I wish it had the VR support on PC though - for that reason alone I'd buy a VR headset. May be next year? Oh well, looking forward to upcoming DLCs to hopefully shed some more light on the story this spring."
76561197966201000,Recommended,418370,29502858,Posted: 26 January,all,DR650ADV,"No this isn't RE2... but it's amazing. It feels like a Resident Evil game, which is a good thing. I played through initially on madhouse difficulty. There were definitely some frusterating moments, one particular boss fight that takes place in a greenhouse was awfully tough on this difficulty. Great atmosphere, some good scares, and amazing audio. Even when in a ""safe"" area or room, the wind would blow and cause me to spin around and check for enemies. Wish it was longer... I beat it in around 12 hours over the course of 2 days..."
,Recommended,418370,29533483,Posted: 27 January,all,Diddle Schnitz,Never felt safe.
76561197970585712,Recommended,418370,33322134,Posted: 6 July,all,jake.the.muss,good game. well made and very scary.
,Recommended,418370,29558621,Posted: 28 January,all,AerialComb,"I normally dont write reviews but this game it really did send me back to the old days when I started playing first Resident Evil. The game plays and feels like the first games, it really touch me how Capcom actually did a pretty good job putting together a whole new experience and at the same time reminding the fans what is true Resident Evil game.The game really did touch me in so many levels, it makes me feels nostalgic and really happy at the same time. I wish the first experience would have lasted longer than ten hours, but I probably will play this game many times more like I have played al the other entries.No many games have been able to make me feel like this game did, I hope everyone who enjoy the genre or the seires give it a try, they won't be dissapointed."
,Recommended,418370,29498764,Posted: 26 January,all,Ragoonda,Capcom made up big time with resident evil 7 for what they did to 6.
76561198020340987,Recommended,418370,29603308,Posted: 31 January,all,Nᴀɴᴏɪᴢᴇʀ,"Epic story...In love with the FPS mode and new engine, should continue this way!"
76561198096439658,Recommended,418370,29515101,Posted: 26 January,all,The Darkness,I've played a bunch of the main RE games as well as a few of the spinoffs. This fresh new take on the RE series feels different but thats what makes it so enjoyable. Highly recommend playing this even if you havent played past entries. There is very little tied with any past games so you wont feel lost
76561197961162269,Recommended,418370,34169350,Posted: 11 August,all,FunteX,"A brilliant game that does indeed do the series credit+ Combat is back to a system that is indeed functional, and far from the pov nightmares that was RE6.+ Same goes in the graphics department, everything is well optimized, and there is rarely a hickup.And absolute pleasure.+ Regarding the setting, moving the storytelling back into an old desolate mansion isolated from the world around gives a nostalic jab in the side to those of us that played the original over 20 years ago and ate it raw, having been hoocked on the series ever since.+The Bakers in that regard was simply the icing on the cake, they take the typhical atmosphere, storytelling, and croocked charm of the villain caracters to new places and if you ask yours truly the creators made a true marble here.+ Regarding level design every area, every nook and cranny feels exciting and well designed, enciting you to explore further, and the atmosphere alltogether simply compleets the picture making a solid base for several more playtroughs, in wich the Residen Evil series have allways been based on rewarding the player for compleeting several challenges in tthe game, alternate endings and such.= The story does seem a bit short, but on the other hand, it is well rounded, and with that in mind it does make up for that. You never feel the sence of repitition or boredom the game is simply exiting and keeps you on edge all the way trough.In short, a very well engineered successor to one, if not THE the oldest and most loved series in the survival horror genre. . . .       +++"
,Recommended,418370,29504877,Posted: 26 January,all,3RDplayer,"What is the essence of Resident Evil? Capcom asked. Resident Evil is the right balance between horror and action. They finally realized and deliver the perfect reinvention of the series since RE4.I was very skeptical when Capcom announced RE7 at first. I called it just another bad first-person horror game that only tries to gather to all the awful youtubers and streamers that play this genre of games with facecam, while screaming like little girls that cry because someone stole their lolipop. But Resident Evil 7 is more than that. It is an undeniable return to form. The only thing that changed here is the perspective: First Person.You explore a small isolated Mansion while solving puzzles and running from monsters. The mansion itself grows on you. You soon know it so well that you can solve its challenges very quickly in subsequent playthroughs. That is Resident Evil.You run into monsters but you don’t have enough ammo to deal with all of them. So you run away, hide or dodge them to conserve ammo. There are a few monsters, but when they show up, you get scared. That is Resident Evil.You fight gigantic mutated super bosses in epic bossbattles. At this point, you feel it and you scream: THIS IS RESIDENT EVIL!The second half of the game is when the game starts to become even more survival horror. In the truest sense of the phrase: You fight for survival! At this point nobody can deny anymore that this is the Resident Evil game me and all the other longtime fans ever wished for. And the great thing is that even those casual facecam youtubers, streamers and their fans can enjoy the game and get a run for their money. So throw money at Capcom and buy the game. They deserve it. Recommended!"
,Recommended,418370,29465212,Posted: 24 January,all,Scott,"Ho-ly♥♥♥♥♥♥ I never thought that a modern Resident Evil would ever be able to make me feel so afraid/tense again! Every bullet mattered, and  choosing between crafting an additional healing item, or a couple more handgun bullets in the early game always required more thought than some of the more recent resi's. If you want to experience true survival horror then I would definitely recommend this game, just be wary if you're expecting something like Resi 4-6 because you will not get your money's worth (in that regard)."
,Recommended,418370,29464105,Posted: 24 January,all,EmergantZombie,♥♥♥♥♥was lit fam YEET
,Recommended,418370,29501826,Posted: 26 January,all,KEEVS,"Solid new direction yet very familiar...maybe too familiar at times.If the P.T. demo and the original Resident Evil had a baby, this would be it. The game revisits familiar ground treating us with some nostalgia but welcoming in new blood with an easy transition into a first person perspective with some light gun action and heavy exploration.The atmosphere in this game is great and keeps you tense throughout your journey. There are many quiet moments in this game so it is far from the later Resident Evil games. Ammo is scarce and weird things are out there that want to turn your ballsack into a purse.If you are a huge horror fan, pick this up."
76561198077075873,Recommended,418370,29786349,Posted: 8 February,all,Shua,Very enjoyable. Don't expect some deep story and amazing characters (although it's not that bad). The graphics are great and the port works great too. really satisfying survival horror. get it if you enjoy the genre!
76561197960626849,Recommended,418370,33412685,Posted: 9 July,all,SharT Magician,"Finished playing RE1 again right before playing this and I can say I immediatly felt similarities to the originals.  While the number of enemies at the beginning may not be much, the survival aspect still remains.  Items are scarce as is inventory space and while there is a save system like the typewriters of the original, no item is required to save and there are also the occasional auto saves at 'checkpoints' making the game a bit easier.  There are plenty of tense moments and the horror isn't induced by simple jump scares all the time.  While simple, there are various puzzles and keys to find and aquire.  There are also notes/books/etc scattered throughout the levels that explain what exactly is going on.  Even after beating the game I had to go read up on the ending considering I missed enough notes to have some gaps in the story.  Some questions still remain and hopefully the free DLC that was delayed will answer them.WIth amazing graphics, a great story, and some damn good boss fights I feel this game is well worth the full price.  The only downsides would have to be the somewhat short gameplay.  The autosave feature takes time away since if you do die, you generally can restart from a point close to where you were, rather then firing up that old save file.  The easier puzzles saved time as did acquiring keys and important items.  One major difference I found between this and RE1 was the amount of times I would get stuck/lost/confused in RE1.  Even with the residual knowledge of playing before, the labryinth like level designs added difficulty.  Finding where to go next in this game is easily solved by just looking for the next unopended door.  The level design is still good, just not as confusing.Great game and while I did get it on sale, I'd still recommend the full price if you can't wait, it's worth it.  There are also 2 endings as well as a new game mode when you beat it, so there is some replayability.Pros:Amazing graphicsGreat StoryGreat boss fightsGood level designSurvival horror/Like originals not 4/5/6Plenty of lore to readCollectibles with unlocksFirst person works great2 endingsCons:Short 9.5 hours and that's taking time/exploring everywherePuzzles not too hardWhile good level design, could be more challenging/confusing"
,Recommended,418370,29492358,Posted: 25 January,all,Quatropus,"I was hesitant walking into this game because not only do I prefer to stay away from anything Horror, but I'm also not a big fan of the RE series.  I really played enough of 4 and 5, but they didn't blow my mind.  After finally playing the game in full, I really did end up enjoying most of the time playing and is a pretty strong title, even after knowing that the series was one I could never get into.  The thing that really had me impressed through the whole game was the atmosphere.  All the homes are on the same property, but there's enough changes to differentiate them from each, but then you hit a point that changes drastically and is such a strong breath of freshness.  The audio is also solid, adding to the horror (something bang on the other side of the wall, footsteps above you, etc).  When you hit that safe place or a quiet place, you feel so relieved because you know that nothing is going to happen.  Speaking of audio, Capcom did a real great job with the PC port.  The graphics options actually intimidated me in that I don't really know what I can and can not add to make sure I'm getting a great experience but not affect my framerate.  Voice acting is also not terrible, never sat there like ""I wish this character would stop talking"".  Game mechanics are solid, never sat there and thought that I was dying because I wasn't able to correctly aim/shoot/move/etc.  Menuing is a hassle sometimes, but that is expected in RE games.  However, it's still something I'm not super crazy about.While the experience was enjoyable, I did have some massive dislikes.  First off, the majority of the game is roaming around a few buildings on thise one piece of property.  While I finished in maybe 8 hours, I didn't collect everything.  That was because most of those 8 hours were backtracking through rooms I've already been in.  See this place in the Main House that you did 2 hours in the game?  Well you'll be back in about a few more hours for ONE thing to carry the progression.  It's almost difficult to argue whether leave out a map and struggle to figure out where to go or give you a map and realize the maps themselves aren't really that massive.  The story still has me confused and is still something I'll never understand in the RE series, but it is so far from what I personally remember..  Other than a reference of Raccoon City and a character reveal at some point, you could have named this something else and it would have done fine.  I think RE7 sold the hype, but I think die hard fans will see these flaws easily and be disappointed.  The ending is also strange. in that, without spoiling, it kinda feels abrupt and just like ""what happened with this part though?"".  Almost takes out of the moment knowing that the enemy characters that are human can teleport out of nowhere.  The monsters, while cool, are very minimal and typical.  The boss fights are cool though.Overall, though, I don't think the negatives ruined the game for me, although I had to take breaks since release because having to backtrack kinda started getting to me.  However, I was thoroughly happy with most of what I experienced and would say that it was my money's worth.  It may not be to a die hard fan though, which can be a problem.UPDATE: Apparently, the game has multiple endings and I seem to have gotten a bad one?  I haven't spoiled myself on any of the other endings, so I don't have much information."
,Recommended,418370,29593741,Posted: 30 January,all,Criwall,"A fantastic return to form from a series that have struggled (at best) for the last decade. It reinvents and improves while simultaniously staying very true to the core gameplay and mechanics of the series. The Baker estate is a great throwback to the spencer mansion and the Baker family is deliciously cheesy and creepy at the same time. The gameplay is solid and the first hour culminating in the first boss fight, is truly stellar. It manages to find a good balance between running for your life and being able to fight back and that's a good thing. I'm not sure I would have wanted an entire game of you running and hiding lilke in Outlast. The videotapes are also a pretty ingenious way of teaching mechanics while at the same time expanding on the story.It does have some minor flaws, your movement speed is slightly too slow for my taste and the final part of the game is not as good as the others, there are some questions still that I'm sure will be awnsered in DLC... I also didn't find it that hard on Normal at least (Probably should try Madhouse next), I almost never ran out of recources when I started to load up on weapons and keyboard mouse might make the game easier since it's really easy to aim perfectly and headshot everything, and that does take some of the horror out of the game. But overall this is an excellent game, (can't wait for Capcom to missunderstand what they did well and turn 8 and 9 to increasingly over the top shooters, like they warped what RE4 did in it's sequals.). But if Capcom truly understands what worked and didn't work in this game this could lead to a golden age of RE games."
76561197997313691,Recommended,418370,29672605,Posted: 3 February,all,Deoster,Best RE since the Game Cube era.
,Recommended,418370,29491336,Posted: 25 January,all,TheRealPinwheel,"The game is great!I've played previous Resident Evil games in the past (not on PC) and I have to say, this game sort of feels like an old school Resident Evil game, especially with the puzzles, resource management, etc.There are two problems I have with this game. One is that the section near the end feels a bit bland and repetitive in my opinion. The other problem is that the puzzles were too simple to solve, it didn't feel completely like the classic, but that's fine.Although the section near the end of the game wasn't that great for me, story-wise it was great and fascinating.""How on Earth have you put so many hours into the game?"" ,you ask.It's simple, I just played the game thousands of times over, again and again whilst looking for achievements that I missed.I'd give this game 9/10 (Probably one of my favourite games)+The boss fights were intense and amazing the first time I had experienced them, you never expect them in some of the places.I'd even say that this game is worth the full price of £40, maybe more than that."
,Recommended,418370,29479304,Posted: 25 January,all,hex,"Great game, way too short.  Beat it 5 hours 42 minutes on Madhouse.  Enemies are a little repetitive, and boss fights suck♥♥♥♥♥♥  But the atmosphere is decent enough."
,Recommended,418370,29464128,Posted: 24 January,all,Takomo,"MILD SPOILERS!!!Obviously haven't finished the game yet, but I'm really enjoying it so far. PC version has some frame pacing issues that can be fixed by locking the framerate to 60 - it's a shame that higher framerates actually leave the game feeling choppy. Otherwise, runs great on my i5-4590/GTX 1070.A brilliantly menacing trip through a derelict Louisiana plantation, and the first Resident Evil game to actually scare me. It's a return to form in the gameplay department. RE's bizarre puzzles make a return, and enemies are few and far between, but very dangerous in the mansion's tight hallways. The cast of antagonists is a highlight, by turns genuinely frightening and darkly comedic.There is one REALLY STUPID THING though. In the game, you can get your limbs cut off, and then reattach them with the help of some kind of healing liquid that regenerates your cells (?). It completely flies in the face of the more grounded tone this game otherwise sets up, and RE7 would be better off without it.That aside, great game, and coming from a longtime fan since RE2, my personal favorite RE so far!UPDATE: After finishing the game, I must say that the game does lose some steam towards the end. The intricate puzzle box that was the Baker house gives way to a rather more linear and less tense second act, and a few of Resident Evil's trademark ""giant eyeball monsters"" show up, which I've never been a fan of. But given that the game was a 10/10 up till that point, and the second half is probably an 8.5/10, I still heartily recommend it, and it's still a fantastic game. If you've ever liked a horror game in your life, totally give this one a shot."
76561198037002043,Recommended,418370,29492665,Posted: 25 January,all,Pile,This game brought back resident evil. I played all resident evil games and this one is my fave... Buy this ♥♥♥♥inh game
,Recommended,418370,29478887,Posted: 25 January,all,WickyFrisky csgogem.com,"It seems like Capcom decided to lead resident evil 7 to its original route as a classical horror game like outlast. They have completely abandoned the action zombie blockbuster route that we used to play in resident evil 5, 6 and others. They were great for their own rights. It looks badass to shoot RPG at a gigantic zombified monster, to use some karate moves on zombies. At first, I was confused ""Why would they go back to the route that we knew in the first resident evil"", I was worried that this might be Resident evil series's downfall because it has been a long time since they made a horror resident evil game and hope that this old formula could revive its own reputation.But now it's here, it is revolutionary??NoBut is this a great horror game that we used to know ?Yes. Actually, even betterThe story set you in the foot of a guy whose wife was dead, and now you have to find her in this haunted house or place. Where have I heard that before??.... Oh yeah, Silent♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Hill 2. But for real, the story was actually pretty good for the first two-third of game. The story initial promise was messier and pretty wrote off from some random horror movie ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. However, there are lots of impact moments that builds up the horror atmosphere really kickstart my enthusiasm.Many horror games give the players 2 option is to hide and run. Most of them though, do offer the option to fight. But often, the option to fight became obsolete. Making the game easier and no longer scary. Resident evil 7, on the other hand, really know how to correctly place ammo and guns for players, sometimes forcing them to follow the stealth route to escape, limiting the option to fight, which is amazing. For me, fighting bare hands in re7 is something you don't want to do. It's scary to run away from enemies without knowing if they gonna get you or not, hiding from them while don't know where they are. It's great to finally have the old formula back, Capcom. I do suggest you play this on the hardest difficulty, where you have to go in and out in stealth.The graphics are amazing, Capcom once again raised the bar. This game looks amazing. They have improve upon the gameplay and the graphics. The sound and music design were incredible, they amazingly built up this vibe to fill the players with goosebump while the game is setting its own atmosphere.For me, having remembered the old formula that we used to have in the old resident evil games was amazing. I have been only watching it on Youtube played by Pewdiepie for 5 mins and already, I have to change my pants.I will give this game a 4/5. I love it for experiencing the resident evil that we used to know. Recommend anyone would buy this"
,Recommended,418370,29492603,Posted: 25 January,all,BolsonaroBot5000,"RESIDENT EVIL 7 is an AWESOME GAME!I absolutely recommend it!I am not a fan of RE franchise,and i've seen many people saying that this game is not resident evil and just an outlast copy.Well,you are wrong.The game really looks like silent hills,outlast or any other horror game you may have played,but once you get a few hours of gameplay and the story evolves,you'll clarely see this IS resident evil.I can't tell spoilers but if you are a fan of the series you gonna love it.The performance is friendly even on low end computers,and there are absolutely ZERO loadings in the whole game(yes),except for the first time on the baker's house and when dying."
76561198355503856,Recommended,418370,30762653,Posted: 26 March,all,Grinsekatze,The best 'Resident Evil' of all time!!
,Recommended,418370,29470611,Posted: 24 January,all,radGeist,"All I can say is...WOW. Resident Evil 7 feels like the first 3 games did when they first released. There's this sense of fear for turning every corner, every bump and creak you hear made by the old house is sometimes indistinguishable between ambience or a beast with murderous intent.RE7 DOES have gunplay, so don't expect much of an ""outlast"" experience. You CAN protect yourself but I promise you, you won't always have the ammo to keep yourself alive. Some of the death scenes in this game are BRUTAL. The beginning of the game is such a rollercoaster of insanity.The most I can say at this point is if you like horror games, if you like the feeling of the old RE games, give this one a whirl. It feels amazing, sounds amazing, looks amazing, Capcom really poured their hearts out for this game.My only con for this game is that I don't like the new ""zombies"", i'd rather of just had zombies instead, but they're still scary and make you feel uncomfortable when they shuffle your way."
76561198018389849,Recommended,418370,29632188,Posted: 1 February,all,barry funkleburger,"one of the greatest absolutely recommended if someone likes Capcom saga just add to cart, download and gaming brilliant"
,Recommended,418370,29470597,Posted: 24 January,all,ZiCell,"I thought of a joke for the review before launching the game, but now being only one hour in I'm just surprised at how good it is and can't think anymore.Great horror game. Looks incredibly well. My hat's off."
,Recommended,418370,29631040,Posted: 1 February,all,I Moustache You A Question,"This latest installment in the Resident Evil franchise is a resounding success.Like so few sequels are capable of doing these days, it has reset the standards of Resident Evil while updating the franchise to the latest hardware.I stayed up all night playing this game and can only commend the tenacity of the psychological onslaught i was subjected to.10/10 Will play in a sleep deprived, suggestive state again.The impact this game managed to impart through scripted events, set pieces and general gameplay is very similar to the original games dramatic set pieces but share more in common with F.E.A.R 1 and 2 (The more creepy moments, not the slow mo and bullet storms).The combat while 1st person is not as quick as you might imagine, the player characters dulled reactions and slow footspeed exemplify the fact that you are not Chris ""♥♥♥♥ Boulders"" Redfield, but are instead Mr. Average Joe. It was a delight to play with, especially when reduced to sheer panic.I feel the game was specifically designed to make you feel uncomfortable. Something is wholeheartedly achieved in my case!Definately on my list of recommendations"
,Recommended,418370,29510746,Posted: 26 January,all,xBrokenShardx,"This is a game I have been waiting for since seeing it back when the very first announcement was made about Resident Evil 7.Since the release of a couple more trailers and playing the demo just before the game got released, it had me hooked. From there I have spent countless hours of fun and puzzle solving experience playing this game, whilst having the occasional break due to a jump scare that I didn't see coming.Either way, while playing this game it not only makes you feel like you don't want to go through the next door but from time to time it makes you feel like you are being chased by a complete psycho which for me getting your heart going. Its constantly making you think of different ways to play and approach new situations with care.This is a game I full recommend to anyone who is in need of a new Horror/Survival game and definitely something that I would play multiple times over."
,Recommended,418370,33086691,Posted: 1 July,all,Sadius the Corruptor,"Finished RE7 clocked in at 7 hours (My playtime is a lot of AFK time) and tbh, It was fun but there's a lot of disappointments.tl;dr : 6/10, on the right track but not there yet, the scares were flinches at best for me, story was lackluster and it's a very short game (Moderate replayability at best).The good was the gameplay, graphics and level design (not the actual house itself but the layout), it looked impressive and felt like a bit more like a classic RE, right down to the survival horror aspect (Excluding the actual horror) which is all I ever want from games now a days, I liked the actual layout of the house (Puzzles could be better though) and just enjoyed searching for all the items.The bad was pretty much everything else, I wasn't caring at all of the story, disconnected from the MC and didn't care about the other characters, rushed ending, dislikeable monster design and just not plain scary.I consider myself a loving fan of Survival Horror, from the first Silent Hill, it brought me so much entertainment and the atmosphere was so memorable, to me it was a true horror game and my very first at the time. Sadly I didn't find the atmosphere to be that scary, even the original RE1 had a strange mystery that added to the atmosphere, I didn't feel it here and I really didn't find this all that scary, jumpscares at best which were very east to predict and lastly I feel like it doesn't have that extreme replayability the other REs had because it has some moments that drag on too much.All in all if I could give a mixed rating I would, It's a game on the right path to being a survival horror game but it needs a lot of work, it's also a very short game that even I feel a slight bit of regret for paying $35 for this but has some replayability, there's just gonna be a few parts that I'm gonna have to slog through,"
,Recommended,418370,29548270,Posted: 28 January,all,voyager,"God bless Capcom.This game is good, insanely good. It's even better than Resident Evil 4."
,Recommended,418370,29996870,Posted: 17 February,all,fuckoff,hot gamegood gameplaygood screaming contentgood g w a f f i k sg o o d a e s t h e t i cg o o d s o u n d t r a c kgoodlike what do u want me to saystop being such a pansyu and just bUY the gAME aLREADUYfuCya ya ya its goody u do even need reviews u fucjus buy ittake chanceu can just refund it if ur a pansygo ahead and like beat it in under 4 hours and then refu nd it lolspeedrunners fuc offalsoeven if u dont like this game in generaljust ♥♥♥♥ing buy it for Lucas
,Recommended,418370,29930892,Posted: 14 February,all,JamTarty,Resident Evil is back ! 10/10
76561198119908880,Recommended,418370,29782540,Posted: 8 February,all,Price,"I am not a full RESIDENT EVEL player I mean I played just few of them back then but among all those this one was my favorite after that maybe resident evil 4.any way the graphics was perfect story line was perfect, it was short though. The motion captures and voice acting's was perfect only Margaret face and face motions was strange and awful the combating system was good. The scary and jump scare points were just perfect :D.and in overall I enjoyed the game fully."
,Recommended,418370,29744307,Posted: 6 February,all,Ragnar,I am playing this series since 1996 and although it had some up and downs - this part is amazing again! It has everything you expect from a modern survival horror FPS. So if you like this kind of games you have no other choice than buying it!
,Recommended,418370,30048257,Posted: 19 February,all,limitless,This is the one that made me love Resident Evil again. Thank you to all the various teams that worked this fantastic project. I cannot wait to see the next installment of Resident Evil.This will be a hard one to top!Keep up the great work!
,Recommended,418370,29468870,Posted: 24 January,all,BitLireFon,really good game. 9/10
76561198135335039,Recommended,418370,29550333,Posted: 28 January,all,AltGamer,RE 7 is essentially 2017 RE 1 with first-person view.Great survival horror game.9.5/10
76561198136596840,Recommended,418370,29539278,Posted: 28 January,all,Pretty Lil Angel,"Finally found my real Family  :')awesome food and receiving so much Care from mommy and daddy <3if u feel empty and lonely this is the perfect game for u , sweet Family members around u all the time <39/10"
,Recommended,418370,29578835,Posted: 29 January,all,billy herrington,Good game
,Recommended,418370,29496705,Posted: 25 January,all,bib papi 269,"tl;dr - Gud gaem es spo0ky afIt gave me such a nostalgic erection. I've played just about all Resident Evil titles, and Capcom's finally made the right move forward with RE7. Not too sure why people say it's not Resident Evil, because it has pretty much everything that classic Resident Evil's had. It's pretty spooky, and aside from the jumpscares, I often found myself panicking in fear as I ran away from enemies, as I could hear them get closer and closer with their superior speed. I kind of feel like towards the end of the relatively short game (Finish time: 8:31'37 - Normal, taking my time with it), it started getting rushed a bit. The final boss battle slightly disappointed me, and hearing a lot of good music at the ending credits confused me a bit, as there was almost no music in the game, apart from enemy music/the save room theme amongst others. Also felt as if the references were a tiny bit forced (like, why would the Bakers have a portrait of the Arklay Mountains, being in Louisiana?). Despite the few cons, I'd still recommend it, but perhaps not at its $60 price tag. It's not the best Resident Evil but it's not the worst either, and the route Capcom have taken with this game really pleases me. I'll definitely be playing this again and again. It also looks gorgeous, graphics-wise. Perhaps once the DLC's drop I'll update this review."
,Recommended,418370,29508787,Posted: 26 January,all,Knudsen,10/10 masterpiece
76561198076410874,Recommended,418370,29548683,Posted: 28 January,all,BBQ Sauce,Awesome and amazing game. Loved it
76561198002643240,Recommended,418370,29470955,Posted: 24 January,all,Remien,"I never took so much time to open a door ever in my life, thats how unssafe this game makes you feel, the horror king is back."
76561198065551183,Recommended,418370,29469961,Posted: 24 January,all,Brewski,"Great addition to the Resident Evil series after mixed feelings on Resident Evil 6, this game, the eerie first person veiw is great for the close quarters house atmosphere keeping you scared every knock or noise you hear. The story has been great so far with more questions to be asked after every cut scene on what the hell is going on in this house! 9/10 would recommend playing with good headphones and getting stoned to scare you silly XD"
,Recommended,418370,29469354,Posted: 24 January,all,Twitch.tv/Crophe,Wasn't really expecting it to feel like a resident evil game but damn was i wrong-The puzzles are really extrordinary (Just like any resident evil / Biohazard game)-The game looks extremely beautiful-It is really well optimized (running flawlessly on my gtx 950)-Has a very horror like atmosphereI definetely recommend this game if you love horror and love the resident evil / biohazard series.
76561198004638350,Recommended,418370,29485445,Posted: 25 January,all,Geo,"Resident Evil series is finally moving towards the right direction. A clever balance between both horror and action genre. A 10 hour  adventure is short but utterly satisfying.  However, there are some compatibility issues regarding the controls.Story: 9/10Gameplay: 10/10Graphics and Sound (Atmosphere) :10/10Price Value: 8/10"
,Recommended,418370,30267215,Posted: 1 March,all,☈ProShots,"Beautiful game, love the lighting effects. One of the best looking games to date. I really ejoyed the first person view and how their guns aim/shoot. They have some weight and power to them. The speed in which you run/walk is perfect for what they are trying to achieve. The sound effects, music, and overall ambience etc. are all really great and add a nice touch to the overall eery feel of the game. The puzzles are there and I think they had just enough, but not too many. Everything they did with this game has just the right amount and nothing is too over-the-top. I'm not usually one to care too much about the story in games, but I really appreciate how they did this one and where they take it. It's also really great seeing bits and pieces of pictures and notes scattered that both tell a story and harken back to easter eggs such as Raccoon City. The game is just too damn short. RE7 brings the game back to its roots in spectacular fashion. With that being said, if you enjoyed the previous games of the series this one won't disappoint, unless you don't enjoy a first-person perspective.Pros:+Sound effects+Graphics (Lighting in particular)+Music+FPS perspective+Guns (Weight and feel)+Inventory management (Nicely balanced)+They have boss fights! I love boss fights. Check the cons for boss fights though.+Puzzles (Just enough, not overly simple, but not overly complex)+Difficulty (I found it's normal difficulty to be fairly easy [but it might be enough challenge for some. I primarily play fps's.] I may try my hand at its madhouse difficulty in the future which is unlocked after beating the first play-through.+Replayability (If you so choose) Classic RE formula; you get a few items after completing the game to use on your next play-through and it's added difficulty. I'm assuming there is some what of an alternate ending, so if I play through it again I'll check it out or just watch a video of it and save my self the time.)+Voice acting+Memorable characters+I waited to buy to make sure they didn't ruin the game making it for VR, but I can definitely see it being pretty fun in VR. It seems that you can probably play through it either way and get the same experience.Cons --FPS perspective (If that's not your thing)-Enemy design; the enemies are kind of forgettable, (bunch of black blobs that look like tar), not extremely scary or challenging and are not anything unique. (I much prefer their rabid zombie dogs, lickers, zombies, nemesis, etc.)-Boss fights - Forgettable and way too easy in normal difficulty. They could have been a little more creative with how you kill them and the areas you fight them in.-Not as scary or suspenseful as RE 1 or RE 2. There are a few moments, but nothing compared to dogs breaking through glass windows and chasing you down.-Level design - It's a bit on rails. I would have preferred a little more freedom and maybe some optional side missions that added a little more to the story that weren't VHS tapes. While there is a degree of freedom, I found it a little too easy knowing exactly where I needed to go and what I needed to do. I would have preferred something a little more thought-provoking.-The game is too short and doesn't warrant a $60 price tag. I think something more along the lines of $40 is a bit more fair for an asking price. Get it on sale at $40 or less and you could probably even the skip the season pass. (Unles you're like me and have to feel like you have the complete package, by all means buy the dlc and enjoy it if you can. I have yet to touch it.) Even if you go around looking in nearly every nook and cranny and reading notes, etc. I Completed it in 7 hours taking my time on the first play-through which included getting probably 90% of items, reading notes, looking at pictures, doing the VHS tapes, etc.It's a 9/10 for me. For whatever reason, this game drew me in from the start and I felt the need to finish it to see what happened and I couldn't get enough tar-shooting in. One of the few games I have enjoyed in recent memory and wanted more of; the last one being Doom (2016)."
,Recommended,418370,29463075,Posted: 24 January,all,Crash,9.8/10 The best horror game I've played in a while!Would be 10/10 ifthe reattaching leg isn't in the game (it's just too nonsense)
,Recommended,418370,29479866,Posted: 25 January,all,NVyusGG | Twitch,"Finished in around 9 1/2 hrs. Normal Resident Evil game completion time. I thought it was going to be a long game but it wasn't. It was pretty standard. The graphics are very well done and made the horror like it was going to become real at any moment. About half way, you feel like it's never going to be over but once you get back to the main house, you start to wonder if it's really almost over. I personally feel like it could of been a bit longer. I wouldn't of mind putting an extra 1-2 hours of game play into the main story as everything just felt... almost... half♥♥♥♥♥at the end. I would recommend but I would also giving warning about the ending to the story."
,Recommended,418370,29466743,Posted: 24 January,all,EvilShaman,"Even it is not tradition resident evil games, but it's a good game. Survival and horror theme are comming back in RE7!! If you love first resident evil trilogy's atmosphere, maybe you should try.Just ended a game. MUST PLAY!!!!"
76561198059392186,Recommended,418370,29479967,Posted: 25 January,all,The King In The North,This is easily one of the greatest modern horror games I've played. Mixes the intensity and beauty of Outlast with the classic puzzles and exploration of OG Resident Evil. Buy this immediately. :)
76561198129869828,Recommended,418370,33456126,Posted: 11 July,all,ImSoVertigo,Amazing just ♥♥♥♥ing amazing Just sad its over!
,Recommended,418370,32402698,Posted: 13 June,all,Friezan,"Very good game. This game had me on my toes, and I was at least filled with chills or goosebumps 60% of the time I played this. Puzzles can get a little bit tricky, but not impossible. And general storyline is very entertaining. Overrall very much positive swing for the Resident Evil series. On  two the DLC I go!"
,Recommended,418370,30827721,Posted: 29 March,all,Senseless~,"Pros-Ambient, including sounds and background music, will scare you a damn lot-Characters have an awesome personality-History-Well designed scenarios-The difficult is a bit harder than normal games, but that makes it even more better-It goes back to the old resident style of puzzles, ammo conservationist and intense closed area battlesCons-Graphics could be a bit better, u can note some places having some poor desinged textures-Lack of enemies diversity, at least on the main history, need to try the dlcs first-Lot of useless items, finished the game with a lot of suplements, gunpowder, separating agent, etc... that was not neccesary to use8.5/10Really recommended"
,Recommended,418370,33486669,Posted: 12 July,all,deathgripsisoffline,"The story of RES 7, and how it made me poop my pants (literally)Wake up, see that its July 7, excited realizing that I just re-downloaded RE7 and excited to play it.My stomach kind of hurts but thats no big deal, so I get on my PC, and start playing. I go into a small room with two couches, ""right where I left off :)""  and there is this weird black goo all over the next door. I investigate.30 seconds later I turn my back and woo guess what, a goo monster.I actually yell, for no reason of course, and literally pooped my pants.Probably one of the most embarrasing moments of my life.10/10 Would poop again"
,Recommended,418370,29530436,Posted: 27 January,all,Pennywise,"9h58minThis is my time to beat RE7. What I guess? RE7 is gorgeous.......other point of view of the same survival horror. Seriously, I cant remember when I played a game until the end in the same day. The last time that I did it, I'd 8 or 9 years old...I've played all other main Resident Evil saga, and this is one of my fav....Thank you DLCapcom (I cant remember when was last time you did the right thing!)"
,Recommended,418370,31782938,Posted: 16 May,all,BlackBird,it's been a long time since I played a single player game like Resident Evil. I enjoyed it so much that I want to go back and play play the versions I missed.I recommend this game
,Recommended,418370,34378226,Posted: 20 August,all,is.hz,It's scary
76561197971874144,Recommended,418370,29861141,Posted: 11 February,all,Necronixx,"Just finished the game and it was a truly enjoyable gaming experience. Never boring, just enough challenges and enemies. Not too difficult.  I recommend this game to all of you who wants a different angle to the Resident Evil story, enjoys horror games such as Amnesia (1st) Silent Hill with a touch of Half-Life/Portal puzzels and similar challenges. The Birthday party with a scary clown was superb."
,Recommended,418370,29860847,Posted: 11 February,all,DEX,"A+++Brilliant programming, Graphics and effort.Constantly in fear of my life, saved the franchise.Only up to the 2nd Video VHS Tape.Heart was racing trying to evade that dude several times."
76561198023966391,Recommended,418370,29859322,Posted: 11 February,all,jUgg3rnAut,"Finally, for the first time in a very long time am I able to play a game that is truely scary and that looks amazing at the same time. The environments are unique and carefully thought out. The character models are done exceptionally well. I'm about 8 hours into the game and I'm still at the Old House which is about 25% into the game more or less. Exploring doesn't feel like a chore like it does in most games for me nowadays as it helps you obtain valuable, and much needed resources. I can't wait to progress in the game and see what lies ahead in the next areas."
,Recommended,418370,29756441,Posted: 6 February,all,JakeFTheDog,1000/10Honestly this game is mind blowing.Ive spent so many hours. online and offline just repeating the story. the gameplay is much more different than the old RE'sThe atmosphere makes the game scary. yes jumpscares but then you get the old Resident Evil feel to it when they send groups of Monsters/Zombies to kill you with limited ammo.I cant wait for the DLC. the story needs to carry on!!!
,Recommended,418370,34983690,Posted: 15 September,all,Sean C B,"Resident Evil 7 is a masterclass on how to reinvent yourself in todays modern survival horror genre. The story manages to drag you in and drop you into this visceral experience seen through the eyes of a newcomer to the series. Following a distress call from his missing wife of three years, Mia, you take on the role of Ethan as you step onto the Baker Property and beyond. Mainstays from the series return in excellent fashion as the game also returns to that familiar feeling of dread last seen nearly 20 years ago in the Spencer Mansion (which interestingly was built by the same contractors that are to credit for the Baker Residence.)  Do yourself a favor and pick this game up, especially if it's on sale - I myself grabbed it during a Capcom sale.Personal ratings:Graphics - 9/10 Some prerendered backgrounds are very noticeable when a majority of the game is rendered beautfiully.Controls - 8/10 Some aim assist issues and general clunkiness (which apparently is lessened in vr) are presentStory - 10/10 I absolutely enjoyed the main story of this game and appreciated its pacing. While there is some slow-down towards the final portion of the game I found that the story didn't skip a beat.Sound - 8/10 There are several sections in this game where the sound design places the sound behind or around you than rather where it is coming from. Notably in the Old House section.Replayability - 10/10  While I haven't completed this game on the Harder difficulties, I have completed a second run for several achievements. There's enough beckoning you into returning to this title and dredging through the harder difficulty modes that give this a perfect replayability score.DLC - As of posting this review I haven't purchased the dlc for this game.Rating - 9/10"
,Recommended,418370,29591062,Posted: 30 January,all,Xmeagol [ZF],"After only having played RE5 and 6, i thought this series would never be good, boy i was wrong. As soon as i finished that demo, i pre ordered it. Because i knew even if the game was 10% as good as the demo, it would be worth it. It's worth the full price and more. Not sure about this extra DLC stuff, however."
76561198168904809,Recommended,418370,29488745,Posted: 25 January,all,GGioSaltLord,"AMAZING!Love the atmoshpere, the audio and graphics, gameplay is clear and not repetitive. Absolutely worth the hype!!"
,Recommended,418370,29462806,Posted: 24 January,all,Yes Im Taco,"After completing this game I can safely say this is Resident Evil done well. The game makes a return to its roots, this time in first person. People expecting a game like resident evil 5 or 6 will be sadly disappointed with the game, but if you're a fan of the original resident evil games you'll be pleasantly surprised with the puzzles, scarcity of resources and little need for combat creating an authentic survival horror experience that will make you feel like you're running out of resources throughout the entire game.Gameplay elements aside, the RE engine looks stunning and the game runs like butter.10/10."
76561198114785373,Recommended,418370,29545271,Posted: 28 January,all,cooltoys007,"I remember the first time I played resident evil on the first playstation it was such a turning point for me in gaming history. Never seen or played anything quite like it. The fist time I saw the zombie in the hall eating the corpse and that moment it turned to look at me made feel like IT just got real. The game was filled with a lot of campiness, but it had this wonderful feel of atmosphere, exploration, wonder and fear. The 2nd in the series built off of it , but the 3rd started straying from it, the 4th brought it somewhere esle but was great, the 5th installment wasn't too bad but it wasn't feeling like a true RE and the 6th(though fun) was no longer holding the magic that one and two possessed.That is why I was both fearful and hopeful for the 7th installment.I was fearful for the fact it was in first person and I was worried that they were going to try to make it trendy like the other first person games, however I was hopeful cause they were starting with new characters and it was back in a creep house again.I am very please to say that this Resident Evil game feels very much in the spirit of the original two and has that wonderful atmosphere of wonder and exploration and yes there is plenty to fear in it. I hope it continues on for I have not played much, but so far so good. I will update as I play more.My gripe right now is I really think they should have just called it Resident Evil: Biohazard and just go with it as a whole reboot of the franchise and not call it Resident Evil 7.UPDATE!So I just finished the game and I am very pleased with it. Sure it has its flaws, but man-what a roller coaster ride! Although, for the most part it kept the spirit of Resident Evil 1 and 2, it also had the spirit of RE4 and Revelations 1 with just a dash of Zombiu in it,lol. Which I have no complains about.So in the end if your new to the series or genre, I recommend it. If you're in your late 30s like me, I recommend it."
76561198314702548,Recommended,418370,30124777,Posted: 23 February,all,Masami71_AFK,The first game makes me headache.:)
,Recommended,418370,32902809,Posted: 27 June,all,Thatguy34,"Welcome to the family, son."
,Recommended,418370,29525475,Posted: 27 January,all,SpectralShot,Amazing. Resident Evil is BACK!
76561198025851477,Recommended,418370,29468866,Posted: 24 January,all,Jureonable,I got a warm welcome when I joined the family. 5/5 would join again.
,Recommended,418370,29471606,Posted: 24 January,all,Loaming,"Welcome to the family, son."
76561198337987597,Recommended,418370,33899925,Posted: 30 July,all,MISTO,I recommend this game for every horror fanatic.
,Recommended,418370,34861494,Posted: 10 September,all,KrevNasty,"After playing the previous 2 RE titles, this was a very pleasant surprise.  The exploration and weapons / combat were so much fun and there's just the right amount of ammo starvation.  Very fun puzzle solving also and the switch to first person view really makes it scarier I think.My only minor complaint is that it's a short game.  Still I would rather see a shorter game with high quality than a long game of less quality though."
76561198035780493,Recommended,418370,29460433,Posted: 24 January,all,The Fuzz,"SPOILER FREE :)ACTUAL REVIEW OF THE GAME A LITTLE FURTHER DOWN. LOOK FOR ALL CAPS.Now I am a guy who loves his horror games, even if I am a major whimp, however horror is something that is hard to pull off, thus leading to good horror games becoming somewhat rare. It's understandable, though. There are so many elements to horror that it would be hard to tick all the boxes, let alone make those elements exceptionally good. By elements, I mean things like atmosphere, pacing, lighting, vulnerability, etc. It may be difficult, but in talented hands, games can be made that can truely make your heart race (Amnesia, Outlast) or chill you to the core (Layers of Fear, Neverending Nightmares).After playing P.T. on the Playstation 4, I can safely say that it is the finest example of psychological horror I have ever witnessed. When I heard that Silent Hills was cancelled, it broke my tiny little black heart (even more so as a fan of Silent Hill). So after a long long time of morneing something I had never had in the first place, I heard a little rumour of a demo on the PSstore that followed the same marketing tactic. It was our good friend, Resident Evil 7: Beginning Hour.I played the hell out of this thing, trying to figure out its secrets, waiting eagerly for every update to provide me with more info. I was desperate to mask the scar that was left by Konami's petty feud. However, I noticed the horror factor wore off after the first playthrough or two. Even so, I preordered it.I expected too much from the game. I wanted it to be a horror masterpiece. Could this game be as good as I hoped. I waited days and days in eager anticipation until it finally unlocked.AND LET ME JUST SAY THAT THIS GAME IS ABSOLUTELY PERFECT IN EVERY POSSIBLE WAY.As of writing this review, I have played the game for two hours and so much has happened in that time that I can't help but admire how much thought went into this experience. Every element of horror I can think of, it's all here. Yet something that baffles me about it is that it is also very experimental in a few aspects. How they pulled this off so well, I have no idea. I like to imagine the team consists entirely of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off P.T. fans.First, though, I'd like to mention that the games runs beautiful on my rig (rx 480, fx 8350, 16gb ram), take that as you will. And as someone who is playing with a controller, the game feels like a classic Resident Evil game (I've heard keyboard has the same feel) with all the mechanics pretty much the same. Which surprised me considering it didn't really feel that way in the demo. In short, the gameplay is great classic fun.Now the main thing I want to talk about is how it functions as a horror game (which I feel is fair considering that is the games selling point). If I am going to be completely honest, the people who are going to be most scared are people who have no knowledge of Resident Evil. You will see things in RE7 that a RE fan will immediately expect but a non-fan would be very surprised by. Not saying a fan wouldn't be scared. I mean, I'm a fan and I was terrified but just wasn't surprised. So I wouldn't worry about not playing a RE game before.This game touches on vulnerability like I've never seen before. One game that comes close is The Evil Within but RE7 delivers it in a different way. Your enemies are stronger than you and the game lets you know it, quickly putting you in your place as you watch just how pathetic you truely are right from the first enemy in the game. Some games have you vulnerable by having you run and hide like in Amnesia and some make the enemies look terrifying and take a lot of hits like in original RE or Evil Within. But I have never felt more vulnerable playing a game in my life. The enemies are designed perfectly and you fear them more than the xenomorph in Alien: Isolation. You seem to have a fighting chance but it may be better to haul♥♥♥♥♥Regarding pacing, this game nails it. It starts off by raising your curiosity, making you want to continue and find out what happens after the intriguing initial cutscene. You want to know more. You go ahead and the game gives you a nice sense of accomplishment, making you confident you are smart enough and strong enough to handle what the game can throw. All of a sudden, those hopes are dashed when the game introduces something that throws predictability out the window and makes you cower as you realise that, no matter where you are or what you do, you are not safe. The game then makes you feel alone and desperate, doing everything you can to progress as quickly and safely as possible. And the rest, well, you can pretty much figure out. The game plays with your insecurities as you go on, showing that every enemy is capable of much more than you imagined. And your only hope is a person that you don't even know you can trust. This game's pacing is nothing short of genius.Now, I mentioned the game had some experimental aspects and no I'm not talking about the controls or the FPS perspective. One aspect I'm talking about is an element of horror I've never seen dealt with in such a unique way. And that element is GORE. Traditionally, gore in horror is just a visual-storytelling tool. It can convey things like hidden danger or level of brutality to an audience, and, when done right, can be a vital aspect of what makes something scary. Too little is boring, too much is silly. This game takes the gore element and twists it into something that amps up your fear to 11. Saying how they do it may spoil the game so I won't say how but I will say that gore is done very specifically and carefully. There are two types of gore in games and movies. There's realistic and over-the-top. RE7 has created a monstrous mixture in between and it leaves the violence to feel realistic and visceral but makes every encounter you have feel so surreal, further raising your insecurities and making you question what's real. It seems like I'm talking crap, I know but unless you want to spoil the game, you just have to trust me.In conclusion, I could never wish for a survival horror game more terrifying than Resident Evil 7. It's the most interesting and enjoyable horror games I've ever had the pleasure of playing. This game, at least to me, is well worth full price. If this game interests you, I guarantee you won't be disappointed."
,Not Recommended,418370,29491687,Posted: 25 January,all,Enigma,"I assumed that the game would run well due to how optimized the demo was, but I was wrong. The first part runs well but then right when i escaped the chair, constant, annoying frame drops. Was running just fine, everything maxed out up until that point. Typical, amd gets♥♥♥♥♥♥on. It might just be that particular area but I didnt wanna risk it since i was nearing the 2 hour mark. Also the gameplay itself wasnt all that enjoyable. The character were also pretty generic and the enemies are not particularly frightening.  Especially the god awful voice acting, not scary in the slightest. It didnt really bring anything new to the table, the music and atmosphere were decent I suppose. apparently everybody loves this game, I fail to see why. Refund pending, hope all goes well.5/10"
76561198050674059,Recommended,418370,32782932,Posted: 25 June,all,ThrallJo,Best shooter horror game I've played in a while.
76561197997342838,Recommended,418370,33057058,Posted: 30 June,all,jollsker,Really great game. They got a good mix between intense gameplay and relaxing where you can explore.
,Recommended,418370,29530241,Posted: 27 January,all,BBRgamer,اللعبة في البداية تبدأ برعب بعدين تتعود على الوضع ويقل الرعبالالغاز في اللعبة فكرتها حلوة وسهلةالقصة ماهي مرة خورافية لكن ممتعةقتال الزعماء ملحمي وفيه صعوبةاللعبة ذكرتني بجزئها الرابع في بعض الاوقاتالجرافيكس باللعبة اسطوري جداًانصح بتجربتهاتقييمي لها 9/10
76561197976260545,Recommended,418370,32917016,Posted: 28 June,all,♣ ℓùcкч ж∂ ヅ,"I love this Horror game, ive seen Marikiplier played this game and ive said igotta get it and its right time and price to get it."
,Recommended,418370,30417146,Posted: 9 March,all,sheepy dog's hand,"Seeing the £20 DLC after already paying £40 for the 10 hour game makes me want to kill myself and give this game a very negative review but sadly it was a great game. Very atmospheric and creepy but with a good amount of cheesey grindhouse horror to keep it resident evil. Ammo is relatively scarce and the enemies are unforgiving creating a real sense of survival horror. Would have liked to have seen more than 1 enemy design throughout the game though. Outside of the 4 family members there is literally only 2 types of enemies and they both look exactly the same, it's lazy and stops being scary. Still it is a great game with intense and creepy gameplay along with great characters and real survival horror.Must have for fellow survival horror fans 7/10."
76561198364929627,Recommended,418370,34830756,Posted: 9 September,all,噜噜咻魔王,It really scared me.
,Recommended,418370,29912150,Posted: 13 February,all,catabridge,My wife invite me to her home and meet her family.My father-in-law wants to be the father of my daughter. Killed him.My mother-in-law has such a big vagiagia that's unacceptable. Killed her.My brother-in-law is a psycho.  Almost killed him.Then i killed my daughter and went home happily with my wife.What a happy story!
,Recommended,418370,33690293,Posted: 21 July,all,jonkiegripes,Biohazard 7: Resident Evil is a psychological Japanese horror game that is both visually appealing and terrifying on so many levels. I've been on the franchise since 1 and hated 5 and 6. Well done Capcom.
,Recommended,418370,29931766,Posted: 14 February,all,(YouTube)Dragnix,"Target Audience:Survival Horror fans, or fans who love TensionSummary:The rebirth of a franchise that it desperately needed. I was one of the biggest critics of Resident Evil Revelations 2, as the tone and gameplay that it set was so inconsistent to its own themes that it literally drove me insane at times. So to see the series that I loved in games like Resident Evil 4 and the original trilogy be driven to such a gameplay mess, it was disheartening.But Resident Evil 7 has been reborn into a more slow paced survival horror game, and its transformation is fantastic. The series has brought back natural tension: focusing on the smaller elements that can unnerve a player rather then giant T-rex bio monsters, and it's a welcome change. The game feels designed to put you into the situations: not force you into “panic” situations by shoving you into them: but actually guiding you into them and make you feel the unrest and the unease of the environment around you.  Enemies feel like a threat thanks to a reduction of speed and a good lack of control over firing at times, and the Bakers provide antagonists that actually make your skin crawl at times. It's backed up with a presentation that makes you see all the warts and veins on character models, and wonder what the hell happened to this family that made them this way. And you will panic at times: where you'll waste ammo and realize that: oh♥♥♥♥♥♥ I need to fight this thing with a knife.See, what really makes this game better then a lot of the recent RE games is simple: it feels like the mechanics work together. The presentation enhances the gameplay and emphasizes its strengths, rather then the inconsistent tones set in RER2. The controls feels like they were made for this game, as opposed to just being there, and trying to force them to work. For once, Capcom seems to have actually designed a game, rather then throw a bunch of elements together: which is something that is WELCOMED AT THIS POINT THANK YOU CAPCOM.The game still has flaws: the last 1/3 of the game feels rather different from the first in a bad way, with an over reliance on repetitive enemies, and just a shift in tone in general. Our main protagonists really can't carry the story on their own due to them being....well boring, and there's little hiccups in crashes that happened while playing.But the game is most assuredly worth playing, especially for the Madhouse mode after you beat the game the first time. I felt fear in a Resident Evil game for the first time since Revelations 1: and that's a good thing.Video Review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ALTwh-lo0YQLists:Positives:Tension. Remember Tension? What the series feels like it was missing since Resident Evil Revelations 1 and Resident Evil 4? Yeah, Resident Evil 7 has it. Not just jump scares. No, there's actually good tension building.Synergy. Each element of the game does a pretty darn good job of working with the rest of the elements here: like they actually fit together like a puzzle. One helps the next one, and it delivers a better overall experience.The Bakers. The antagonists are definitely the highlight of the game, as they provide a skin crawling unease due to their transformation,and how the elements of humanity are still definitely in them.Controls are where they need to be for a game like this, although I will recommend a controller ONLY BECAUSE it gives you less control (and that's good for a horror game). But even with a keyboard, there's enough give to make enemies a bit of a problem to hit.Great level and scenario design. It plays on your expectations and forces you into new situations that may make you panic. It understands pacing, it understands how to mess with you, and it  understands how to push your buttons. That's a good game.The visual presentation is fantastic. The one primary job of a horror game's presentation is to set the atmosphere, and RE7's delivers it in spades, with good lighting effects that make you really feel claustrophobia, to great set design with how broken down the house ends up feeling.The skin effects need to be highlighted. They really sell the storytelling elements of the transformation of the victims in question.The story's more personal angle does actually make me more interested then more recent games.A great set of PC options to get the most out of your particular build. For the most part, the performance is there as well, hitting 60 FPS pretty consistently.Great voice acting by Ma and Pa in particular that do their characters justice.Madhouse mode is a great shake up for someone whose beat the game. It switches things up enough that you feel like the game is new enough, and the new enemy behaviors can really put you on the edge of your seat.Negatives:The last third of the game falls back on the heavy action/enemy sequences of RE5/RE6, and not for the better.  In fact, the philosophy feels so different that it makes me wonder if different teams worked on it.No raid/mercenaries mode sorta sucks, but I get why its not there with this type of gameplay.The music is your typical horror game music: and that's sorta disappointing. Doesn't take advantage of the southern theme at all.Couple of bad crashes. Not anything to write home about, but enough where it was like “damn, again?”Someone has a fascination with remote bombs and the last section is littered with them for no good reason.Sadly, when the game focuses on the two main protagonists....it gets a lot weaker. They just don't have the intrigue or the energy to really make me want to know more about them.The connnection to the regular series is sorta weak. I mean, I get that there's some connections, but honestly, it feels like the game's story was adapted to the universe, and was a different story at the beginning of its life. It's a minor gripe, but I could never shake the feeling.New engine has one weakness: there seems to be “loading” points that give the engine some problems, where the game actually pauses for a second before continued."
76561197971731007,Not Recommended,418370,32370609,Posted: 12 June,all,Jo,"TLTRI am totally disappointed with this game. It is good to play it once but after that it is just boring.So not worth 60€ at all.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- The story and events are totally predictable.- The puzzles are always the same. The only good one is an “escape room”. But only once.- There is almost no variety of enemies in this game. And you are using the same weapons all the time.- Shooting an enemy feels like wasting ammo. Since they do not drop stuff anymore like they did since RE4. So in the endyou just try to run away.- The game itself can be speed run in around 1.5h, while 20 min just being unskippable scenes.- The characters are annoying as hell. In RE3 we had Nemesis, in Deadspace we had the Regenerator, both wonderfulfrightening creatures. In RE7 we just have some crazy rednecks that I cannot take seriously. You just ignore them untilyou have to fight them in the scripted boss battle.- The only part I really liked is the ship scene (endgame).Maybe I just have played to many horror games and have seen to many movies to be impressed by this game …I finished it once for the story, started it a again but got bored before the first boss and have no intension to finish it a second time.No replayability. You get some boni after finishing the game on different difficulties, but they are not worth it compared to all the nice upgrades you get in RE4/RE5, or even the boni of RE1-RE3.I have much more hours on RE6 ... yes  RE6 ...So my preferences for the main series are as followed:RE4 > RE2 > RE5 > RE3 > RE1 original > RE0 > RE1 remake > RE6 > RE7RE7 would be okay for a side series but even here I prefer the RE Revelations series since they offer a good mix of horror and action parts. And a lot of replayability. Especially with Raid Mode."
,Not Recommended,418370,30890337,Posted: 1 April,all,Killer,"A solid list.-Lack of variety in enemies-Puzzles are so easy a toddler can do them-The game is far too short in my opinion, I beat it in 7 hours my very first playthrough.-The start of the game was very good and promising. Later on it just feels like a task and that thedevs just ran out of ideas.-The lack of bosses-It did scare me a little, but still not enough-You gotta pay out the♥♥♥♥♥to get the full game (Season Pass $30) most likely not worth itIf you pay anything over $20 dollars, you're being ripped off.Would I recommend to a friend..yes and no. I'm going more with ""No"""
,Recommended,418370,30374137,Posted: 7 March,all,ivylina,"One of the most fun games I've ever played. All the jump scares ease to the end of the game and you just enjoy survival in a very tense atmosphere. The story made me go ""OH NO WAY"" a several times, too. Get the game, play it through once, twice, three times and more!"
,Recommended,418370,29486014,Posted: 25 January,all,Ledier,"What to say? I'm a Resident Evil fan since the first game 20 years ago. I'm not the kind of fan thats stuck on fixed camera angle or that thinks that the action focused games later on had adopted either. But I think that each game of the frinchise has its own good and bad stuff an enjoyed every one of them.For Resident Evil 7: I still have not played very much of the game, but for what I've seen they actualy tried and sucessed to rescue elements that recall the original game, some stuff of that is preety original (like the shadow puzzle), but other are just a rip off the original game (shotgun i.e.).For the story, yes it's very good and does well at rising a lot of questions and making us go further just to see what may happen after. I think that the first enemy encounter builds up a unnespected tension that I haven't felt for years in a game. There's some weird stuff that hapens to Ethan that need some serius explanation (and I hope that they really explain that).For the gameplay: It's extremelly fluid and it's does not have a tutorial teaching how to play (some games thinks that we have 2 years old or does something so complex that we have to graduade to play a game the way we should) and it's ok. I still use my Xbox 360 controller as I like to play sitting at my couch and on a TV and It delivers very well, bu I must say that this game already uses screen icons for xbox one controllers that is different from 360 such as ""select"" button.The Bakers are indeed ""Nemesis"" of this game and we pray that they're not across the next corner to come at us. What I liked the most is that their house show signs of a normal family that they were once, whats different from the ""lifeless"" mansion the first game had. We get caught to discover what have happened to the Baker family as they were in fact normal people once.Although the game stands as it's own I found some references for past games, such as an O'Brian book (Revelations), Alyssa Ashcroft's report (Outbreak) and for some reason the Bakers have a landscape photo of Arkley Montains.This game is the best Capcom has deliveried for years, and I hope they keep doing this good job for future games as well!"
76561198047241097,Recommended,418370,29664075,Posted: 2 February,all,Havok Lurch,"Honestly, this is the most Resident Evil-feeling game we've had in quite a bit. Against all odds, Capcom managed to salvage what was left of the franchise after the mess of RE6 and created something truly remarkable. I won't bother going into depth with the review, so here's a summary:The GoodGreat story (starts off mysterious, unravels at the end)Beautiful graphicsThe first person element actually makes the game more intense, as combat and enemies are more in your faceCombat is purposely slow, yet still very fulfillingSaferooms are back, anddamnis that theme truly wonderfulThat friggingsurvival knifeHorrifying enemy designClassic RE1 manor atmosphere, puzzles includedIt's just pure fun, which is way more than I can say about Resident Evil 6Multiple playthroughs greatly supported and encouraged (thank god)Some free DLC.The BadThe length is the biggest problem for many I guess. Personally, I took my time to explore and just look at stuff, so I got a decent play time forone single playthroughI absolutely hate thoseinsects in the Old House.I wish they were never born.The UglyMia, at times. Especially when she's all gross and wrinkled and angryThereforeI thought it was a wonderful frigging game, which I was originally skeptical about. I give it an actual non-ironic 10/10. GGCrapcomCapcom, GG."
,Recommended,418370,30209580,Posted: 26 February,all,ARCHERPrototype,"I'm not really a horror game person, but Resident Evil 7 is probably the best horror game I've played in a while. Pacing is great, the inclusion of guns doesn't make you feel comfortable, and there are secrets strung around the house (and other places) that kept me at the edge of my seat. Still don't know how I feel about the DLC, but the overall game is a masterpiece.Get it, turn out the lights, shut the windows and doors, and prepare to be spooked the ♥♥♥♥ out."
,Recommended,418370,29568901,Posted: 29 January,all,björkel,"Really great game, I recommend it!PROS+ Story was great+ Good graphics+ Enjoyable combatCONS- Expected it to be scary, but it wasn't(This was my first game in ""horror"" genre so i had really high hopes for that aspect.)"
,Recommended,418370,29478203,Posted: 25 January,all,Blood Orgy,"so i never really binge a game but when this came out i was hooked. 7 hours straight and was having a blast every moment of it. the baker family is so amazing, i thought that they would just be all angry and♥♥♥♥♥♥but they're so unique. you gotta play it. i know i ♥♥♥♥ing loved it, ill be playing it again soon.2034615498632805362/10"
,Recommended,418370,29458359,Posted: 24 January,all,Vanz,Game is good.. But the FPS is lagging for no reason even though I'm playing it on 60 fpsStill love it
76561198218196453,Recommended,418370,29780267,Posted: 8 February,all,minami,Listening to Rick Astley's Never Gonna Give You Up made this game scarier.
,Recommended,418370,29544417,Posted: 28 January,all,Dangerous_Dan,Amazing go and buy it now!
,Recommended,418370,30229267,Posted: 27 February,all,Soldado28991,Welcome to the family son!!!Great game!!!!
76561198174354149,Recommended,418370,29466000,Posted: 24 January,all,Amazing_Larry,"Really sucked me in.  I usually don't get scared easily, but this game put me on edge so much that I waited until the sun came up to play.  It really has a Resident Evil feel to it and makes me want to take my time and explore all over.  I love how they tied events from the demo into the game."
,Recommended,418370,30737956,Posted: 25 March,all,InstantRabies,"I really enjoyed this game, I think the characters are brilliant in design. It's a five star for me."
,Recommended,418370,30089133,Posted: 21 February,all,Clitus 64,"more like ""where's the ammo"" 7"
,Recommended,418370,30737932,Posted: 25 March,all,Wadderz,"An absolutely amazing game, 10/10. In my opinion, 2nd best in the entire franchise (1st being Resident evil 4). This game has stunning graphics, great atmosphere and keeps you on your toes throughout. It reminds you the importance of ammo conservation as it's quite scarce up until boss battles. Plenty of jumpscares and entertaining, yet also retains it's comedic sense. A very challenging and fun game, with it returning to the original roots of the first resident evil, focusing more on horror. This game will most likely scare you ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, but definetly a must buy!"
,Recommended,418370,30853836,Posted: 31 March,all,XXXLil Notorious A$AP O.L.E :),"My experience with this game can be summed as thus: every update I found myself testing the changes, nodding in satisfaction, then quitting the game to await the next update.Arkane knows how to make a good game. No question. But if you film an Oscar-worthy movie and the lens is smudged while filming, you can't judge what's underneath without acknowledging what's been marring your experience the entire time.=============================PERFORMANCEEveryone is aware of the performance issues, and these still persist to this day. It runs much better than at launch, where it was literally unplayable, but that's because the game looks worse than before - the most noticeable change being the extremely aggressive LOD scaling. Out of the corner of your eye you notice the shapes of window frames and posters on distant buildings morphing in shape, or the furniture at the opposite end of a long hallway suddenly blinking into existence. FPS dropped to 15 when stabbing a gravehound, so they simply removed the inky visual effect that was causing the problem instead of optimizing it.Also, Denuvo authentication is one of the longest ""loading screens"" of the game. Around half a minute to a full minute or more every startup.=============================GAMEPLAYFor the most part, gameplay is excellent and is Dishonored's strongest suit.Dark Vision was changed to a blurry short range sonar so unlike Dishonored 1 you aren't constantly seeing blue and yellow because you had no reason not toAI is much smarterNonlethal combat options are a blastBonecharm crafting system allows for player flexibility and ""builds""Each level feels lived-in while maintaining the duality of directive flow and open options that made the first game so good.Emily and Corvo have distinct animations and final weapon upgrades. The animations are supremely cool.Each level is fairly distinct, some with extremely interesting central ""gimmicks."" I do, however, wish the game relied less on them and had more ""regular"" areas.However, under the hood lie other problems. Most of them are quality-of-life issues:Gone are the hotkeys for journal, inventory, bonecharms, powers. Only one ""journal"" exists now, despite still having separate subsections.It took months for the power wheel to be fixed. It took almost a full second after activating to pop up and be usable, breaking flow so badly I almost never used it in the first place. It's finally fixed now, but this issue was glaring and it took so long to be addressed most of us played through without it fixed.Thrown objects don't always go exactly where your crosshair is. While this adds a layer of difficulty, it feels noticeably more clunky than in the first game.Mana regen is pitifully slow. From using a power to fully regenerating, Dishonored 1's time is 4.7 seconds -> 3.1 seconds with Spiritual Pool. Dishonored 2's time with 4x Spiritual Pool is 6.3s -> 5.5s. The devs said they fixed this effect, but it was only made worse.Bugs. Street speakers not playing. Dying after possessing gravehounds. An arc pylon never shutting down after pulling out its power, leaving it to either be dangerous to you to dangerous to your nonlethal playthrough. Some of these still aren't fixed.=============================STORY AND ATMOSPHEREReactivityGreat. My favorite part of Dishonored. You need to hide from a gang member to access a certain black market shop, and there are different scenarios and dialogue for if you hide, if you run into him outside, kill him outside, or kill him inside.Emily and CorvoEmily and Corvo are voiced. And... they don't talk enough. It's good that they're silent for most of the game, but there are times when you come across a portrait or photograph with an ""Inspect"" prompt. I'd love to hear Emily's thoughts on the High Overseer as see how that compares to Corvo's, or if it changes based on whether or not you accept the Outsider's Mark. Instead, all I get is the protagonist muttering the name of the person pictured. What's the point? Might as well keep them silent.It made sense to me to play Emily first, but her story felt lackluster, like people at every turn were saying ""check your royal privilege"" despite my efforts to resolve everyone's problems without drawing blood. Corvo's is MUCH more interesting as a veteran of Dishonored 1.The Outsider and The VoidI hate the new Outsider and his new voice. He felt threatening and malicious in the first game due to how calm and composed he was, and the Void felt like a strange and otherworldly place. The vignettes of Dunwall made it feel both unnatural and unnerving yet fundamentally woven into the universe. In Dishonored 2, it's just smoky blackness and sharp rocks. The Outsider is much jollier and moves around erratically, making grandiose hand gestures. They actually had a plot plot that could explain this change, but it was never addressed, so it just seems like a pointless retcon to me.Main PlotDishonored's worldbuilding was always one of its appeals, and that remains true in Dishonored 2. However, the villains felt lackluster. Only the main villain has a real presence throughout the game, whereas everyone else feels introduced abruptly only to fall by your hand, all within the same mission. In Dishonored 1 everything felt personal and real. Perhaps it was because of the long intro where you interacted with most of them, or the Hound Pits's cast of characters all having different connections to your targets.=============================As you can see, I've played this game a LOT and have put a lot of thought into it. It was definitely worth all those hours and all that money, but the condition it was at launch and the sluggish drip-feed of support we barely get now is unacceptable. To set a precedent for future games, I can't recommend buying this unless they manage to fix all the performance issues and bugs, which doesn't seem to be happening anytime soon."
76561198038234026,Recommended,418370,29976863,Posted: 16 February,all,I 3N3MY I,Really kicked my Mitral Valve Prolapse into high gear! 10/10
,Recommended,418370,30889539,Posted: 1 April,all,z0,What happens in the garage is enough to rate this game 10/10.
,Recommended,418370,30934850,Posted: 3 April,all,H L*,飞非常不错的一款恐怖游戏，完全有玩第一部的感觉尤其是被岳父追的那个滋味和感觉老棒了！
76561198026847417,Recommended,418370,29814199,Posted: 9 February,all,acuevo,"Scary - CheckGameplay - CheckReturn to roots while exploring new ground - CheckThis game was freaking awesome. They put the survival back in survival horror, with just enough action at the end to satisfy. Gameplay story and visuals all get an A+ here."
,Recommended,418370,29815306,Posted: 9 February,all,Jollyolfun,"Actually spooky at some points. Turns into less of a horror game and more of a revenge tale towards the mid point in the game. It took me about 7 hours to complete on normal difficulty but once you get to madhouse mode, it is completley worth it, if you dont play madhouse mode you havn't played the game. 8.5/10"
,Recommended,418370,29815424,Posted: 9 February,all,karney the aardvark,"This is my first Resident Evil title.I've had a lot of fun with RE7. The gameplay is a perfect blend of FPS and the inventory management and puzzle solving of survival horror. If you played the Goldsrc mod Cry of Fear, this is essentially the same but improved in every regard, as its made by a triple A studio.My first playthrough on Normal took me seven (7) hours, which some may consider short for a $60 game. However, with Madhouse difficulty (unlocked by beating the game) and the several New Game+ item unlockables awarded for beating the game under special conditions there is a lot of replay value. I have about 36 hours and 6-8 playthroughs under my belt personally, and I'm still not tired of navigating the Baker estate.The graphics are absolutely gorgeous when everything is maxed out. The foliage outside in the beginning can look a bit ugly, but with the right settings most of the bluriness is gone, and the graphics shine indoors and in closed environments. However, I personally had rather ugly ""splotching"" effects on some floors when the Reflections option was set to ""On."" When switched to ""Adaptive"" the game for me looked much better.There are indeed a few jumpscares, but once you make a couple playthroughs you know where they trigger and you can get some pretty funny results when trying to mess with them, like staring towards the corner they pop out of for instance. Most of the actual scare and horror for me personally though wasn't from the jumpscares, but the sound design, enemy design, and the ambient noises of the house. When low on health and ammo, small creaks in the wood floors would make me jump more than any of the ""jump scares.""If you're skeptical if this is worth $60, download and try out the beginning hour demo for free. The gameplay is much of the same, but with much more space/levels, enemies, puzzles, and etc. It's a pretty good little snippet of the game to see if it's something you might be interested in."
76561198082052077,Recommended,418370,30357493,Posted: 6 March,all,DrowLegendz,scary as ♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,418370,29505347,Posted: 26 January,all,m a c s y,"- Good visuals. No hud outside inventory, shading is decent (textures are a bit blurry tho)- Shortish 8-10h story but full of that goodie Resident Evil action- Well made in-game virtual surround, entire audio atmosphere made well for sp00ks- Pretty balanced default difficulty, headshots only to not having to run around with just a knife :)- Sp00ky as hell but not achieved with just cheap jumpscares but rather psychological thrill"
,Recommended,418370,29550225,Posted: 28 January,all,E3Special,"This is a fantastic game. Capcom really did step up their game with this new installment to the series. I've been scared so many times that my chest is hurting. The gameplay is nice and smooth, the graphics are amazing. This is a must have and a definate replacement for what was to be the new Silent Hill game! A+ Capcom!!"
,Recommended,418370,29478370,Posted: 25 January,all,StrangeQube | Trading,"This is the first resident evil game that I have ever played and I must say that I am really suprised. The game plays smooth for me aside from a few texture glitches and the story already has me hooked.I am not a huge fan of anything in the horror genre as most of the time for me the inconsistencies or cheap jump scares ruin the experience. This game has completely changed that for me. I am only 2.5 hours in since writing this review and I am in love. I have never had a Horror game that had me on the edge of my seat like this game does. Something about the combination of good graphics, an excellent script and an actually scary environment really makes for something special.I can without a shadow of a doubt recommend this game to anyone who wants to play a true horror game.My rating is a 9/10 under the Horror category. Im knocking off a point due to minor glitches like texture loading errors and small bugs.WELCOME TO THE FAMILY SON!"
,Recommended,418370,29495251,Posted: 25 January,all,PonyHair,"First time back to RE since 4. Crept around like a little girl so far for almost 90 mins. All caution considered, I still almost died most horrific deaths.10/10 would have a RL heart attack again."
76561198179412423,Recommended,418370,29495215,Posted: 25 January,all,ramtin_h97,"MY goodness, they finnaly got their♥♥♥♥♥♥together. Atmosphere is insane and the visuals are great.Game gives you chills down the spine. Graphics are superb,9/1010/10 would play this game alone in the darkness"
76561198131594818,Recommended,418370,29478249,Posted: 25 January,all,S-4OK1 // X.FINITY,"hohohoho 10/10 maybe its not RE7 but ""Haunted House in the middle of nowhere and You Must Survive Quickly Because Once u in it will never get out"""
76561198033766722,Recommended,418370,29495862,Posted: 25 January,all,mrkie10,"Best Resident Evil game since RE1.  Great game, SCARY!"
,Recommended,418370,29478307,Posted: 25 January,all,swoz91,"Beautifully done Capcom, absolutely loved it. All the classic Resident Evil feel, in a (slightly) new perspective! (Resident Evil Dead Aim)Funny Moment of Note, Listen for the whispers of warning in the basement; ""It's a trap, trap, traaap."" happens around the time you first enter the boiler room.Possible bugs:- Being overly explorative can cause things to be skipped or happen out-of-order.- Increasing the field-of-view:-- Blurs the egdes a bit (creates a texture deadzone)-- Allows you to cheat on the birthday puzzle (Telescope view is 4:3, screen stays 16:9)-- Makes flys and other small moving bits and bobbles have coronas / a little blurry ball of light as a shadow on occasion.- Textures seem a bit blurred at standard internal resolution.- Enabling vSync makes audio go out of sync when a character is speaking. (You hear the audio but the mouth doesn't move for awhile.)"
,Recommended,418370,29550633,Posted: 28 January,all,Tfinest,This is one of the best games I have ever played and I loved playing it beginning to end and I recommend this game to anyone who loves horror and survival horror.
,Recommended,418370,31230613,Posted: 18 April,all,Kaze Cinderfall,Okay i put hours into this game and i have to say this continues the story quite well and actually captures the dramatic horror they were trying with the 6th installment. I'm also happy to say that this game was well written and makes a much welcomed return back to the original style of the game if only from a different Camera prospective.this is a must for fans of the series but in my case t simple was not scary at all but thats not saying much in my case as in all honesty it takes a lot to scare me. I actually was barely scared by the first outlast for instance. how ever i would think that for most people this would prove to be a damn creepy if not frightening. The dark ambience and inviroment is well built if abit repetitive but no more repetitive then Zombi was only difference is this lived up to the hype where zombi fell short and as such many people are praising this game.so now we come down to the simple truth of the matter on it from someone who is often unaffected by hype. Is this a good game and does it deserve reccomendation?I have to say yes on both accounts in truth. It has its bad like any game but it is worth the money and the time in my honest opinion.
76561198115921012,Recommended,418370,29616648,Posted: 31 January,all,kmahir33,This game is pretty good. The story does get a bit slow in some parts to the point where you just want to get over with what your doing so that it can progress. The ending is ok. Not that great but it did leave me feeling that there might be a sequel in the works. If resident evil keeps going this way the series is back to what it did greta before. A suspensfull game with good npot cheap scares.
,Recommended,418370,32852449,Posted: 27 June,all,Yoshio.Assef,"Actually a very scary game,♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants and got cancer in the process.................until I got a shotgun.11/10"
76561198180945754,Recommended,418370,29472691,Posted: 24 January,all,UnstopGaming,"Its a new take on the Franchise. Personally This game is amazing. Thew new take on the 1st person perspective making you  feel more catious on your soroundings and the immersiveness. Story is great! Going back to its roots, survival, inventory management, puzzles (tho puzzles are a bit disappointing for me, but its still fun)  ammo conservative and horror ` dont forget jump scares xD. And dont forget the most safest place, the save room! :) Capcom has done a awesome with RE7 giving more room for a sequel/prequel to the series.EDIT: Upon Finishing MADHOUSE Difficulty..Well let me tell you it is far different from NORMAL. Everythings Changed, items are no longer the same places as in normal, ammos are very rare, the moulded are tough but sometimes you can one shot them in the head with a shotgun but why would you waste ammo? Enemies twice as faster and more molded enemies on certain places. I manage to finish it in under 4 hours (whew)  MADHOUSE Difficulty is the way to go! :)Will be doing a 3rd playthorugh with the bonuses I've unlocked! :)"
,Recommended,418370,32866631,Posted: 27 June,all,Saltti,0.5 hours was enough to scare me ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,418370,32870410,Posted: 27 June,all,That One Gay Nerdy Guy,I need to wear diapers instead of my Andrew christians because of this game.Moral of the story is don't soil your good undys.
,Recommended,418370,29857279,Posted: 11 February,all,rankin,"A masterpiece of horror gaming and the first worthy successor to the series for years. Go, tell aunt rhody..."
,Recommended,418370,29480262,Posted: 25 January,all,AngryAngler,"Resident evil 7 is the resident evil sequel we have been waiting for since 3. Certainly not as actiony as 4, but it was very endearing to play through and certainly full of scares. Ammunition and health were always scarce and it never felt like i was being handed the game on a silver platter. I do have one complaint though, however its a major spoiler so.***Spoiler alert***Near the end of the game you switch off to play as mia or zoe, whichever one you choose to cure, and I felt this broke the flow of the game a lot. I just wanted to get back to playing as ethan and continue the story. It felt very forced to me and didnt feel like the natural progression of the story."
76561198092374433,Recommended,418370,32891542,Posted: 27 June,all,Sack Morris,"I really enjoyed this game. It feels like a resident evil game set against a House of 1000 Corpses backdrop. Enough action and tension to keep you keyed up for most of the game, with few, if any, lulls. Definitely recommended, especially if on sale."
,Recommended,418370,30090050,Posted: 21 February,all,_-| Tch3khoV **,"Hello everyone !I don't usually make review but since there is something bothering me I'll do my first one here.First of all, The game is great don't get me wrong, I really enjoyed it and if you like horror game and are long time fan of the R.E. series you will most likely won't regret buying this gem.I very much enjoyed the game and still am as there is a good potential in re-playing the game a few time, like any good resident evil I should say, any achievement hunter I'am sure are having fun even after the 4th play through. The game can seam a bit short but if you take your time you in for a good 12h play that can be a lot of fun and fear of what come around the corner.but here goes the rant...WHY THE HELL DLC, WHY ?I understand very well, even if I strongly disagree with it like most of us I guess, that's how the games industry works nowadays :'(.Making an awesome game selling it at full price (usually around 50/60$), but without the full content, then wait, and that's especially true for RE7, a few weeks after the release and dumping F***ing DLC for 10$ then wait a few more week and another DLC for 15$...ect...ect. Ok there is the season pass for 30$, which get you all of it for a good price, but by the end of the year the game will cost us around 100$ if not more, depending if you've bought the season pass or not.My point is that this marketing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t as become a normality even for big game company like capcom (that probably don't need the extra $ at this point), and that bother me a lot. I miss the days when games came out with full content. What triggered me to make this review (if you can call this a review), I was looking thru the achievement for RE7 and realized that the one for the future DLC are already listed into the game database...meaning that I won't be able to get 100% unless I buy them DLshite. They might believe that's what we want but I'm pretty sure that's not true for most of us old time gamers. DLC (Downloadable content) are supposed to be content added after the game is done, not unlocking content that is already here...Well I guess that's how it is now and this post won't make much of a difference, but I wanted to trow this out there. I find it sad that big tittle like RE have come to this, specially when, as it seam (might be wrong) part of the story will come in later DLC. The WITCHER 3 is a great example of respect for gamer as all DLC were free and they are good content, GTA is another example they release extra content for free even if you have to pay ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of in game money to enjoy it (if you know what I mean ^^) too bad RE did not have some kind of achievement unlocking system for the few extra tape you will have to pay for.Can't wait for Zelda to come out, that's an old school series that have always come out full, they surely won't be any DLC right..right ? scrollscrollscolll...oooh♥♥♥♥♥♥/facepalmI'm out, thanks for reading.Tchekhov-**"
76561198111263888,Recommended,418370,30782365,Posted: 27 March,all,jowaynebuck,Without a doubt... The Best RE yet! I am on my second play through and I cannot remember the last time I couldn't wait to replay any game. Looking forward to the next installment. Very Scary! I feel like I am playing RE 1 again for the first time. Great Game! 10 out of 10 in my book.
76561198067805487,Recommended,418370,30780508,Posted: 27 March,all,LieutenantBowie,"Great, solid game. I wish there was more opportunity for gameplay for the $60 I payed for it. It's a 10 hour playthrough..."
76561198011014755,Recommended,418370,29513045,Posted: 26 January,all,Broom,They have finally taken Resident Evil in the right direction.A very solid game and would recommend it to all my surival horror comrades!
,Recommended,418370,29512958,Posted: 26 January,all,AbraTheBamboozler,10/10 if your not a ♥♥♥♥♥.0/10 if you are a ♥♥♥♥♥.
76561198271868057,Recommended,418370,29494330,Posted: 25 January,all,Hentai Is in this Season,"I highly recommend this game to people who previously played any resident evil game, or to anybody that hasnt, this game is a fresh step into the past of what resident evil once was, a slow paced horriying expierence, with tons of puzzles,weapons, enemies, and scary♥♥♥♥♥♥ The only things bad about this game in my opnion is that it has some wierd performance issues in some places, and it is too damn short. I also recommend buying the season pass to get more than ten hours into this amazing game placed into the resident evil series."
,Recommended,418370,29485110,Posted: 25 January,all,Air_ROX,The Best Resident Evil Ever Made!
76561198121342895,Recommended,418370,29457376,Posted: 23 January,all,Flurry,"Definitely a refresh to the series. Glad to see the series is going back to the suspense and horror that makes these kinds of games enjoyable. If you have played the past Resident Evil games and are unsure about this one, I would recommend giving it a shot. This game may not be perfect but its definitely going in the right direction. 8/10 This game is also well optimized for PC thankfully. I run a GTX 980 I7-4790k 144hz 1080p monitor and run this game smoothly on high settings. Keep it up Capcom."
76561198114925572,Recommended,418370,29873846,Posted: 12 February,all,Grecci #LEGACY,Never thought that a chair could scare the living crap out of me
,Recommended,418370,29488833,Posted: 25 January,all,SuperToxicBeast,Best Resident Evil by far! I cant put it into words. What are you waiting for? Join the Family.
,Recommended,418370,29526859,Posted: 27 January,all,KillerGaming,"So what can I say? So far i'm pretty sure ive soiled myself multiple times in my current runthrough of the game. The atmosphere is PERFECT and it's at times extremely tense to the point I don't even want to walk around. I just wanna stay safe in the little nooks in the walls just cry. The game reminds me of the old resident evil games and honestly Ive really been craving that for a while. The last resident evil game I truly enjoyed was 4 ( 5 was, eh, it was ok). This game though is perfect, minus one little detail. I wish we could run faster. We sort of jog around and it makes things a bit annoying while trying to escape, but as I said just a small thing, not enough to make or break. If you want to soil yourself, and you love games with creepy sounds and redneck killers and paranormal thing, this is the game for you.  Yes, I do recommend this game."
,Recommended,418370,30532013,Posted: 15 March,all,carmenroze,"Great game for Resident Evil fans. It's lenght was a little dissapointing, but they're adding new episodes, so thats a plus. I loved my first and second play through and plan on trying to beat it. I'm pleased with my purchase"
,Recommended,418370,31193904,Posted: 17 April,all,Hunter41/26,Best Resident Evil game i have played
,Recommended,418370,29474059,Posted: 24 January,all,Byzk | Foody,"Its like Resident Evil, Outlast and The Texas Chain Saw Massacre have a orgy... then *boom* Resident Evil 7 borns ;)"
,Recommended,418370,31530857,Posted: 3 May,all,Abyss Watcher,"Cool story, beauty graph and scary."
,Recommended,418370,29509627,Posted: 26 January,all,Vladimir Putin,new game dynamics with a feel of the calssic resident Evil games. Its like your watching a moving on the edge of your seat and you cant wait to see what happens next. If you have ♥♥♥♥♥♥ PC it probabaly wont work for you. BOO ♥♥♥♥ing hoo. get an upgrade. This game is beatiful and i love what they did 10/10 for me.
76561198041160829,Recommended,418370,29509700,Posted: 26 January,all,look boy,HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥THIS GAME WAS AMAZING KINDA SPOOKY BUT AMAZING
76561198034533818,Recommended,418370,29629595,Posted: 1 February,all,crumpus,"this game was fun for about five hours then the story got predictable and boring, it's aight"
,Recommended,418370,29562020,Posted: 29 January,all,Dunstaren,8/10
,Recommended,418370,29995481,Posted: 17 February,all,ROFL Waffle,Never a fan of Resident Evil..... Until now.
,Recommended,418370,33187958,Posted: 3 July,all,Sp1Cy,"What a great game. I am not much into horror stuff but that was a great mix between survival/horror/shooter. You have some nice guns to use, there are some good puzzles and you need to manage your resources well enough to get through the levels. The story is top notch and really well thought out, and there are also 2 endings (I got the 'bad' one).The boss battles were really good too, even though the last one was for some reason the easiest one. The atmosphere is also phenomenal and makes you♥♥♥♥♥♥your pants in the beginning, even though near end game it's not really as creepy as in the beginning.I don't know if it's worth paying 60 euros for the game, because it's around 10 hours long but I got it for 30 and I think it was well worth it. Worth noting I really am not a fan of the series, but this game stood out for me and really wanted to try it."
76561198191146930,Recommended,418370,29599679,Posted: 30 January,all,Midori OP,Nice game..
76561198113838758,Recommended,418370,29593888,Posted: 30 January,all,BestPalJames,"Despite never having played another Resident Evil game, I HIGHLY recommend Resi 7. It is the most satisfying mix of atmosphere, scares, story, and gameplay design I have ever seen in a horror game. The visual design is polished to a nauseating detail and the sound design alone will fill your imagination with terror. It is relatively short (10 hours on my first playthrough, 8 on my second), but oh so very sweet. It keeps the game moving at a good pace, introducing new gameplay and ideas and throwing them away as it goes so that nothing gets old and everything stays interesting.Despite being fairly linear, it absolutely holds up for a second time through and I fully plan on beating it on Easy and Madhouse difficulties as well as finding every secret it has to offer. Playing it a second time I found a lot that I missed the first go round and still haven't uncovered everything. The gameplay, spooks, and scenes are all so well done that they still scared me even though I knew what to expect for round 2.PLAY THIS GAME."
76561198164262918,Recommended,418370,29595740,Posted: 30 January,all,PIXEL MASTER,The best horror game of all time.
76561198045929018,Recommended,418370,29596330,Posted: 30 January,all,Jotaro Dabbing,"Resident Evil 7 - One of the few games to actually be scary, have an interesting story with good gameplay and name the amazing pp-bizon an assault rifle. (Why can't it be like this in CS???)"
76561198175165747,Recommended,418370,29596396,Posted: 30 January,all,dhendr8890,good game just take your time to learn it. Yeah Im a loot guy. Learn the strategies and you can do this
76561197973375816,Recommended,418370,29597211,Posted: 30 January,all,supergoat,Is good.
76561198041237663,Recommended,418370,29598180,Posted: 30 January,all,kakakarrotcake,First person tank controls
76561198136910990,Recommended,418370,29599522,Posted: 30 January,all,Fieth,"Return to form. Slow-paced at times, but this admittedly works in its advantage. Great atmosphere and truly terrifying encounters. 4.5/5."
,Recommended,418370,29599813,Posted: 30 January,all,xaviex,"PROS:INCREDIBLE visualsWell thought out storyEngaging Gameplay (When its working See CONS)Phenominal Plot Twist(s)Outlast, But you can kill the enemies.CONS:Unpredictable Near Insta-Kill Boss Attacks that happen totally randomly (This caused one boss battle to take over 6 attempts because even if you were at full health, if they randomly chose to use one of these attacks, you were immediatly brought down to almost none)One Way Roads: There are locations in this game that once entered can not be exited, with ZERO Warning, meaning no going back and getting collectables or items that might help, just WOOPS cant turn back.Random Box loot In locked off miniboss areas: Dont have Weapon X on you? WELL HERE IS ALL THE AMMO FOR ITOVERALL:Amazing Game, worth every dollar. Wish there had been some minor design changes that would have saved a lot of frustration(the not fun kind), but in the end the story made this a fantastic game."
,Recommended,418370,29600042,Posted: 30 January,all,Icyphoenix,Just kicked a chick out of my bedroom mid romp because she called me daddy because i got a dose of ptsd.
,Recommended,418370,32310596,Posted: 10 June,all,SauceGuyHimself,Awesome!
,Recommended,418370,33000126,Posted: 29 June,all,Bhimavaram Bullodu,loved it
,Recommended,418370,29834784,Posted: 10 February,all,STGGAMES,">>>Survival Horror at it's purest form<<<Resident Evil 7 Biohazard is the first Triple A title of 2017 and dare I say the best there will be. not many launch announcements this year, and out of them all, Resident Evil 7 caught my eye. Capcom really got 2017 off to a good start by releasing a game that now every other developer must strive to surpass. Very few bugs on Day 1 and the ones that there were, were mostly just hardware issues which is toi be expected with any release really. I look forward to finishing this game and eventually buying the season pass to support Capcom for such a wondrously delightful game.Enough said about launch let me get into the reasons of exactly why I for one love this game but also how it might be a turn off to some.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------Pros: Absolutely GORGEOUS gameworld that leaves your skin crawling with every corner you turn.Every encounter gives you a fuc*ing heart attack. (Not to mention the strokes you have WHILE in the encounters).Many many intricate puzzles that can be difficult to solve without looking at guides.When they say this is Survival Horror they should have made sure to put emphasis on ""Survival"" like this, >SURVIVAL<.Audio (Sounds, Music, more Sounds) add creepy yet charismatic color to the sketched work of art that is Resident Evil 7. Making you hate yourself for opening up this game yet at the same time patting your back when something avsolutely terrifying happens on screen, making you look like a sadistic fu*k.------------------------------------------------------------------------------Cons: The puzzles do get repetitive (Find stuff, place stuff, find stuff place stuff, ocassionally kill something while screaming, recieve stuff, place stuff and so on).Not as many weapons as Hardcore Resident Evil fanatics would like considering this is a Soft Reboot of the Franchise.Some audio delays at certain points (Not sure if this has been fixed completely)Only 10 hours (Not including DLC)Some enemies can get boring considering you can easily figure out the AI's next moveThe damn people who preordered got Madhouse without having to play the on Normal mode, therefore dying alot and complaining of it being to hard. (NO S*IT)------------------------------------------------------------------------------All in all, I bought the game for $60, and to me it was worth every cent. However, if you are still unsure if 10 hours of gameplay is worth that much, then wait for the game to go on sale and purchase it then. No matter how long you wait the game will still be the same and their wont be huge overhauls on the games look, feel, sound, etc. This is my opinion but this game more than deserves a 10/10, but we all have differing viewpoints and this game may not suit your style, who am I to judge. Resident Evil 7 is by far my favorite Survival Horror game of all time and I do recommend you purchase it. If you read all the way through I thank you for your time."
76561198053776949,Recommended,418370,33412921,Posted: 9 July,all,Mae Borowski,How is this scary? This is just Louisiana Life Simulator.
76561198030867028,Recommended,418370,29654829,Posted: 2 February,all,Fava,"First of all i don't have any experience with the Resident Evil series, so this is pretty much a review from someone who does not have the ability to compare this game to any of the other games.This game is one of the best i've played recently, i like the story and its mix with action and horror at the same time. The way you slowly go from helpless and desperate to fighting back and kicking♥♥♥♥♥is a great experience and it keeps you wondering what else this game will throw at you as you progress through this madhouse. However if you're looking for something with plentyful hours of gameplay for the current price then this is not it, this game is rather short as i completed the story in around 8 hours at a normal gameplay pace, but do buy this game at a steam sale when you can.Despite the somewhat repetitive shadow puzzles and the poor inventory management this game is something i truly enjoyed and i look forward to play the upcoming story episode DLC"
,Recommended,418370,29587871,Posted: 30 January,all,wrinkledbutthole,"I absolutely love this game. My friend came over one night to play it with me, and we ended up playing 10 hours straight through the entire night. One of the best gaming experiences I have had in a long time. Perfect mix of action, suspense, and horror. My friend powered through that ♥♥♥♥♥ and solved all the puzzles himself because i hid his phone so he couldnt have helpOverall i give it a 9.5/10 and a badge of honor for the Resident Evil name."
,Recommended,418370,30070447,Posted: 20 February,all,burno,10/10 sleeping with mom and dad simulator
76561197968406208,Recommended,418370,29622430,Posted: 31 January,all,Heavy Metal,"As a long time fan of the series who was very concerned with this game, and not sold with the demo, I can safely say this is a fantastic game. I know 4 was a fun action game, but RE4 I feel like was the beggining of the end for Resident Evil as far as what made it great. The survival horror was cut out near entirely and the heroes became walking armories. Horror is definitely back here, and it feels great. In fact, as different as this game is from the series, it surprisingly feels a lot like classic Resident Evil. I still can't believe how they pulled that off from a different perspective and no zombies (which is a good thing, since zombies have been overdone for almost 10 years now).If I were to list any cons, it would be that the BEST parts of the game, particularly during the first half, aren't utilized enough.I was expecting a lot more running and hiding from the Bakers. There was way too little of that, much to my surprise.The latter half is still good and has its thrills, but it's definitely a change of tone. Once you know what you are doing, the game is very short, even when compared to other RE titles. The hardships of the game wears off once you get used to the combat and know what to expect on latter playthroughs.....Unless you play on Madhouse difficulty.Normal difficulty is a cakewalk compared to how balls to the wall Madhouse is. If you're like me, it'll take time to adjust and learn the new rules you need to abide by if you want to make it through. Even those strong points that weren't used enough during the first playthrough became a lot more challenging, and can get you at the edge of your seat. You'll go from a steady cruise to a painful sudden crash if you're not careful, and the only checkpoint then is your last save, just like the old days. I wish you could skip cutscenes instead of watching them over and over again on this difficulity since you'll be rewatching some of them a lot, but I guess that's the punishment you get for failing.All in all, fantastic game. I think a few fans long time fans may have serious hate for it, but it rocked my world. The new perspective, the focus on horror instead of over the top action, and the new 'threat' were all very welcome changes. I know some people are upset at the lack of familiar faces, but honestly, what are the odds that these people keep winding up in these situations? Ethan may be pretty much faceless, but I'm happy to see a newcomer. I hope the DLC helps flesh out the game further, but we'll see about that one."
,Recommended,418370,29559197,Posted: 29 January,all,Schizophist,"Re-enter the world of survival horrorCAPCOM you beautiful ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s, you did it, you really did it.Im finding kinda hard at the moment to not gush about this game and give a legitimate review of it, but since the game is still relativley new and who the hell likes spoilers i'll say this:Resident Evil 7 is the game you've been waiting for, if you've been taking a back seat from the resident evil franchise for the past decade or so. (and yeah if you're confused as to how all of this fits in the universe, don't be, it wouldn't be called resident evil 7 for nothin')a new resident evil game with the style and mechanics of the original resident evil games from the 90's, in the first person, and it works so well (saferooms, storage containers, puzzle solving, back tracking, item mixing it's all there)perfomance wise the game runs pretty good and can even look really good at lower settings, i sport a GTX 750ti and i was able to run the game at medium at 1080 and high once overclocked, although there have been some issues with other players concerning framerates due to things like Vsync, anti-aliasing, and shadow cashe, but just disabling them fixes it no problem and enabling TAA for anti-aliasing (haven't noticed any loss in FPS with that setting.)for the 20th anniversary of the resident evil franchise, CAPCOM; you nailed it, and have succesfully re-invigorated hope into fans (well me anyways) and now eagarly await the coming DLC (plus FREE DLC later this spring) and the remake of Resident Evil 2."
,Recommended,418370,29775007,Posted: 7 February,all,Revolusious,Just play the game. enjoy the storyline. enjoy being confused. This game is AMAZING !
76561198134491978,Recommended,418370,29882663,Posted: 12 February,all,Cheeses Crust,"For people claiming it is an outlast or PT rip off, it's not at all. Outlast was ok scary too much night vision, too much hiding. PT was....a demo, scary, sure. This game here has an old school feel, new gen graphics, and it reintroduces horror to the RE series. I was getting worried when re5 came out that the series was heading towards being an action series like its crap movies, thankfully Capcom listend to their fans. Short game at about 9 hours or so, but it has replay value which is a must for me. There is free dlc coming out soon and other dlc at around 30 bucks which I'm not psyched to pay but I enjoyed the game so much that I want to play it and support this shift back to horror so I'll dish it out. Cheeses Crust."
,Recommended,418370,29662168,Posted: 2 February,all,AstralWolf,"Overall the game is good. However, I will have to say that I wished for more. Read further for my thoughts.Pros:Fantastic AtmosphereGood story telling and faily good progression.Good graphics for the game type.Sounds, lots of sounds to make you always question if you're alone.Back to the roots with great puzzlesBack to the roots with ammo and herbs and all of the things that made the RE series so good back in the dayCons:Incredibly short for a $60 game. I mean really short.With how good the story was, I felt like they could have done so much more to extend the gametime.Some boss fights are too predictable, even on hardest difficulty.Lack of veraity of monsters. After awhile you just got bored of only fighting the same 2 and later on 3 types of enemies.Doors.Overall the game is worth buying if youre a long time resident evil fan, especially if you liked the original games more than the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ games that came after. If you're a horror survival fan, and new to the genre, I feel like you will still enjoy the game greatly, but might miss out on some of the things that make this game so good for RE fans.Buy it!"
,Recommended,418370,29730155,Posted: 5 February,all,Ayren (dangerousD),"I remember the first time I threw in the Resident Evil 2 disc into my Playstation with no expectations of what the game would entail. I was pretty young and I thought I could handle anything. Well needless to say the game took me a few tries before I sat down and acutally hunkered down to play it. I think most of us can agree that RE2 was one of the greatest REs in the series and even if you don't agree with me if you're at least a fan of RE1-3, Veronica, 0 you absoutely love RE7.I know the first person mode just seems like left field but let me tell you. This game really takes me back while bringing it's own flavor to the table. (heh) You'll find yourself in a mansion (RE1 anyone?) fighting for your life against God knows what the hell that is and solving puzles to advance. I came in thinking that they'd throw in a few jump scares and that's cool and all but the real kicker is that this game gets in your head and really messes with it. The plot is fantastic and the puzzles make you scratch your head at times.I'm happy to say that Resident Evil 7 has brought the series back to its roots and its phenomenal. 10/10"
,Recommended,418370,29638547,Posted: 1 February,all,KpL BaTMaN,I JUST WANTED A FAMILYI have never played the resient evil series.One of my favorite gamesEveline <3
,Recommended,418370,29473833,Posted: 24 January,all,Zag,"Just finished the game, and, as someone who's played every other RE game, I loved every minute of it. RE7 is a refreshing dose of invigorating terror into what was, in my opinion, becoming a stale franchise in which I stopped caring about the recurring characters after the 4th game, but continued to play out of a sense of brand loyalty. If you go into this game thinking its going to be like the last few RE games you are going to be sorely disappointed. Dread will slowly envelop you in its cold embrace the farther you get into the game and won't go away even as you come to understand the story up to its completion, much as in the first game (which I bought when it was originally released). There are a few franchise easter eggs sprinkled through out and it was neat to recognize them as I was running around for my life.The shift to first person view ramps up the creepy and intesity factors ten fold, add that to a well-done musical score, interesting characters (yes, really. Read the lore and look at the pictures as you go. As with any real people, once you get to know them and understand the situation your perspective just might shift a bit), solid controls and a small amount of, but well placed, jump scares---and you've got this excellent game.The puzzles are reminiscent of the first game (find keys, examine objects for hidden things), and the combat is intense, though it is a bit difficult to aim (but I suppose that's true to real life). There are hidden items all over the place that you'll never find unless you really look (or use the item that marks all the items around you for a limited time :P)I had a few problems with stuttering when I first started, but this was easily remedied by tweaking the graphics to a little lower than I normally play with---it didn't matter in the end because the game still looked great with the medium (and equivalent all around) settings. Some of the mouth animations when the characters were speaking didn't quite fully match how a person's mouth would really shape and move when saying certain words, that's a tiny thing to be picky about, I know, but it stood out to me.Score: 9 / 10"
,Recommended,418370,29749977,Posted: 6 February,all,SpookmanYo,"A fantastic reboot to a franchise that really lost it's way. RE7 is the first real survival horror game in the series since RE3. Capcom really when crazy with the action after RE4's shift to an atmospheric shooter. Capcom was convinced that what the people wanted was action. And while 5 and 6 did very well for themselves. We were all SCREAMING for more of what made us fall in love with Resi, the survivial horror.Resident Evil 7 is really good but it still has a lot missing.The other games had zombies, spiders, lickers, hunters, snakes, giant worms ect.RE7 has 4 enemies, Normal Molded which are reminicent of the Regenerators from RE4, Four Legged Molded which are basically Lickers. And Fat Molded who are basically bloats from Left 4 Dead and Killing Floor and Wasps which are just wasps.The game is only 8 hours long. (which is a very big deal if you are charging 60$)The game ends just as you think you're halfway through the game.You don't find out who the final boss is until an hour before you beat the game.And the ""final boss"" is basically just a cutscene.That being said, the story minus the ""fiance/wife/girlfriend gone missing/is actually dead/but maybe not cliche""is pretty good as is the journey itself. RE7 actually shocked me, it did things that I didn't think it was going to do and it makes me happy to know that Capcom still has the balls to take a chance. And listen to the fans who have been screaming for more horror since 2009. And when they release games that actually work. Capcom can be a pretty good developer."
,Recommended,418370,29489532,Posted: 25 January,all,ThoseNiceCopperPipes,"It's amazing...It's like a jumpstart to a new saga, think star wars the force awakens or creed in which both movies are new and fresh yet still within the same universe and time line of the previous movies.The game has definitely gone back to its roots in a fresh way and within a different perspective an not just in first person in-your-face view but also with a new cast of characters to tell a new horrifying story. Leon, Chris, Jill and all the rest of the stars members have already told their tale...their story, already veterans and survivors of the virus that once plagued Raccoon City and the rest of the world. It's time for a new group to bring back the chills and thrills.Because of these new characters it makes sense, why would Chris run away from a baker when he could just pull off a 3 hit combo an get away unscathed whereas an every day character like Ethan [who is the main character] would cower in fear and do what he could to survive. Characters like chris would just make the game too easy an all action and there would barely be any horror there! Ethan is a fresh face and hopefully will learn what it takes to survive the horrors that await him. Who knows...maybe he'll one day join the ranks of the original characters someday.Gone is the third-person perspective and fixed camera angles from previous RE games, now it's all first person. Third person while enjoyable at the time, would also give you a bit of extra eyes letting you see what's behind you or around you, etc. where the first person you would actually have to look to see what was there making the game much more intense!It's also interesting to note that a lot of people get the outlast/P.T. vibe...which actually works for the game and the fact that it also sometimes gives a bit of a slasher vibe or a normal person versus an out-of-this-world creature/monster of sorts a la slasher films like texas chainsaw massacre or game wise alien isolationIn the end, capcom has managed to bring back resident evil the way it originally was... like playing Resident Evil 1 all over again for the first time...It's time to embrace your new family..."
,Recommended,418370,29489962,Posted: 25 January,all,SmokeyMcP,"Honestly, I just finished a fight I totally figured was the last boss (and would of been fine with if it was) and thought it a good time to say I found/am finding this to be a very good game.Some people are getting very upset about no ""zombies"" but honestly I always saw R.E. as more about a virus then ""zombies"" anyway so as long as you don't get butt hurt over that you'll enjoy the game.Felt like Resident Evil to me and the story has been a fun play and enjoyable listen.Rocking an RX480 with 8GB memory and all settings maxed out and it looks very nice :D (got a few screenshots on my profile)"
,Recommended,418370,29638421,Posted: 1 February,all,Veos,"Good game, but felt like they stopped trying to freak you out half way through.Would recomend it."
,Recommended,418370,29471099,Posted: 24 January,all,Develil,"Yes, time to buy some underpants"
76561198044224436,Recommended,418370,30093030,Posted: 21 February,all,Numnumpocket,Fantastic game and incredibly scary! Very well made!
76561197970616511,Recommended,418370,29532900,Posted: 27 January,all,JojoTheSlayer,"RE7 is a mix between RE1-3 and games like Soma or Outlast with a Texas chainsaw feel to it. So if you liked any of those its pretty much what you want. The game lasts about 10-14h on your first playthrough.Game Settings / Stability:The game settings are mostly fine for a PC game, but for some reason extra shadows seems to hog allot of 3D power without adding much and there is no way to turn off mouse smoothing. However the latter isn't that important in a game like this where you slowly walk around and stuff. The graphic's themselves are not epic, but good enough with allot of details and the game runs well apart from split second places where you can clearly tell the game loads in the map ahead. Which it does whenever you move at those spots, be it forward or backtracking. Only had one random CTD, but an issue I do have. Is that the game restarts the computer after its shut down if the play session is long (never ending black screen, cant alt tab etc, need reboot). Why I don't know...Worth it?I would argue yes. The game is longer than most games like this and everything about the story, mechanics and such work as they should. This is a AAA game."
,Recommended,418370,29460501,Posted: 24 January,all,tuanhoang_d387,"Nice Job, Capcom!"
,Recommended,418370,29574623,Posted: 29 January,all,killerthenew {SAR},awesome game best one since the first . 10/10
76561198042720838,Recommended,418370,29834189,Posted: 10 February,all,IOM The General,"One of the best games i have played in a long time, great graphics (if your rig can handle max settings) and great sound.Very well put together and its easy to see a lot of hard work has gone in to making this the best resident evil game to date.Added to my top all time games i have played and i am a mature gamer thats been gaming since the spectrum 48k days :)I dare you to 'go tell aunt rhody'9.5/10"
,Recommended,418370,29579558,Posted: 29 January,all,Jay,"Made it 5 mins in and left the room, i now have 7 hours because my PC idled for the day"
76561197981022898,Recommended,418370,30226396,Posted: 27 February,all,Shinigami,"I don't know why people think this ""feels like resident evil again"" because it doesnt at all imo. First off its first person which resident evil has never been(re:1-6 and code veronica). If It didnt say the name of the game I'd have no idea I was playing a resident evil game. What Ive played so far though I do like but I want resident evil to go back to how, imo, the best ones were(1-3) with the camera angles set, zombies(ridiculous that there hasnt been any in re 4, 5, and only leon mission in 6), and monsters...imo resident evil is about zombies and monsters...to take away the zombies, for me, being a true hardcore resident evil fan since re:1 on playstation, is a slap in the face. Even though re4 was good I was♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and so disappointed there were no zombies and re 5 was just terrible and so was 6 but not near as bad as 5. Yes re7 is creepy, scary and you will most likely like it but its not like resident evil at all..more like evil within or other games like that...which are scary/jumpy games. I hope to god resident evil's from now on arent going to be first person(which i think they will be unfortunately due to fans liking it)and if they are going to be...bring back zombies at least! But all in all I do recommend the game for horror fans(not saying resident evil fans because like i said imo, it feels nothing like resident evil). Before anyone goes on saying im wrong blah blah...remember this is MY opinion and opinions arent wrong. Thats why they are called opinions and not facts. One more thing I do like though is how you are just a regular person and not a stars member or elite person like leon or claire but I do love leon, chris, claire, and jill."
76561197971176126,Recommended,418370,29565230,Posted: 29 January,all,glacierforest,"Creepy af. I lost count on how many times my  hairs on my back stood and the number of chills running up and down my spine. Lots of panic moments.Captivating storyline that keeps me in suspense and always wanting to progress further.Different from the past RE series in terms of gameplay, but simple to get use to.If you look forward to getting your magnum/colt/desert eagle just like me in the past RE series, be prepared for a little disappointment as the ammo that comes with it is pathetic. Nevertheless, the rest of the arsenal available are sufficient.I had hoped for more variety of monsters to kill...There seemed to some loose ends in the story or towards certain characters.A little too pricey."
76561198079318137,Recommended,418370,29755307,Posted: 6 February,all,Operation CherryBlossom,Nice
76561198200439282,Recommended,418370,29696502,Posted: 4 February,all,MBean,10/10 Best storyline everbest singleplayer game ive playedmust buy
,Recommended,418370,29518471,Posted: 27 January,all,existential crisis man,"Remember the haunted mansion vibes from classic Resident Evil?It's back.The atmosphere in this game is very oppressive, even in the safe rooms you don't feel safe at all.  There's significantly less emphasis on gunplay and far more on stealth."
,Recommended,418370,29533747,Posted: 27 January,all,CuriousCAT,"Resident Evil 7 gives people a fresh look after the releasing of Resident Evil 5 and 6, it returns the horror theme from the old Resident evil game.In this resident evil you won't be able to fight many monsters or B.O.W.s like the other ones.All you can see is the black and human looking creature that is infected by Mold, and the mutated Baker family are the Bosses you will be fighting against with.The length of this game is quite short (which is really disappointing for me), and it seems like Capcom had been cutting off some parts of this game (I'm not sure).Overall Resident evil 7 is still a great sequel to the Resident evil series, I highly recommend this game to horror game fansI give this game a 8/10."
,Recommended,418370,30110346,Posted: 22 February,all,rwekaj,This game is the best horror game i've played in a while.Worth my my 60$
76561197983500847,Recommended,418370,29592140,Posted: 30 January,all,ol'same,They finally did it.
,Recommended,418370,29617182,Posted: 31 January,all,Ursamod,Chem Fluids are the rarest substance on the planetBaker home is pretty cozy aside from the deathAm convinced to never open email againBobble heads are now more patronizing than ever7/7 would barely survive again
,Recommended,418370,29619709,Posted: 31 January,all,Kwtg95,"PROSThis is a return to form for The Resident Evil Seires. I was a little worried when re7 was to be in the first person, and form the playable demo; I thought they wore going down the route of outlast where all you can do is hide form mosters/crazy people thet are trying to kill you. Witch I do not like much i think games like that usualy get very repetivie if you are not scared of the enimes. and in outlast after the 6th time trying to avoid ♥♥♥♥ mcpigface I did not find him scary or that intiminating and just got fustrasted that all I could do was run and hide over and over again. I could not suspend my disbelief any longer in terms of not fighing back. They are crazys people trying to harm you just pick up a sharp object and defend yourself.But I was pleasantly surprised when I played it and the game was very similar to the older resident evil titles like Resitdent Evil Remastered. Witch i realy loved an iconic mansion with a lot of different puzzles to sovle, And rooms that you will not know what type of enemy that can be lorking around the cornner, or the seen when you are first introduced to the infected dogs... spooky. To the resoure manegement were you only have a limited number of slots so you think of what items you need for what you need to do. All in all this is the best Resident  Evil game Sence the older games.Unlike when resident evil modernized the first time and went to a 3d over the shoulder based action horror game and left a lot of the gameplay mechanics that made Resident Evil ""Resident Evil"" at the time when you talk about Resident Evil 5 and 6 and some of 4. This is the best modernization of the series ever sence thay made Resident Evil Remaster for the Game Cube. Resident Evil 7 fully relizes what Resident Evil was when it was in its prime. AKA Resident Evil 1-3. Resident Evil 7 In my opinion is one of the best Resident Evil games ever made that stands up to the older titles. And is exactly what I wanted from Capcom to take a step back and return to their core gameplay mechanics.CONSThe game ran great on my system but there were the occational stutter when opening certian doors ... This might just be and isssue with high vram usage when on the Very high texture setting so if you have a card that has more then 6gbs of vram you should be ok. but if you have less i recommend high settings for textures.The game aslo does not support 21 by 9 monitersThis Games has the anti-tampering software dervunoFor Anyome Having Stuttering Issues Turn Shadow Cache OFF While In The Main Menu It Will Not Work Correctly If You Turn It OFF During Gameplay."
76561198079677985,Recommended,418370,29580968,Posted: 29 January,all,chrispchips,"Resident evil 7 is one of my most favourite games, it has everything you need for a horror game, and is also just so fun, another thing that makes this game great is that there are multiple boss fights, and you are always having fun playing this game. 10/10"
76561197988205088,Recommended,418370,29586972,Posted: 30 January,all,Negan Trump,"Great Game overall.The horror is there like fans asked.The puzzles are there too.Just think they should give you the option between first and third person, and reconsider using former cast of characters."
76561198036350747,Recommended,418370,29491877,Posted: 25 January,all,qapitan,This is the RE I was looking forPros:-Amazing Visuals-Exploration like classic RE-Terrifying as hell-Great performance-No glitches apparently-The mansionCons:-Puzzles are way more easy than the classic RE.-Horror clichés here and there
,Recommended,418370,29496266,Posted: 25 January,all,GuiltyKarma,"There were a ton of nods to the older games in this one, and It shines.aside from having some issue playing in 4k using my 1080, I didn't have any problems. This game had the habit of making me not feel safe any place I was. Capcom actually managed not to screw this up, this is such a fresh breath of air after how I felt about 6. must buy for any fans of outlast, Soma, Or amnesia. I've got to say, however, that I paid the full 80+ for this and the season pass, but I only got 7 hours out of the game itself, sure I passed a few optional things but the end result was the same. hope I have more reason to play it again later."
,Recommended,418370,30235592,Posted: 27 February,all,mizo-007,"Personalized story more than the stories of the previous sections that catches you where the fate of the world depends on you. It will be met with a group of interesting characters, and the story is the mysterious and exotic and full of surprises and crazy characters will keep you in thrall. As well as dialogue and voice performance and distinctive shift from the previous sections, The family Taathecm you and play your performance with terrifying and hilarious. In addition, there are several videos allow you to play other characters and scenes story from a different perspective. Although the story in its entirety one, but there are some options that are changing a little bit of experience, and with the presence of some secret scenes.The game world is a good size and great diversity, but what sets it apart -balmat in the family home is a frequent Alosasa- detail the furniture and realistic compared to other games, which makes you feel as real and inhabited world, and with the time Sthfezh may not even need a map. It is worth mentioning that a copy Playstation 4 Pro provides images of the purest and richest effects of the Playstation 4 normal.Way of progress in the game confuse linear (moving from one point to another) and free, there is always one or more aspire to, but the reach of the target and the order of the goals is up to you the way, and will explore and take over the place gradually by solving puzzles and open closed doors and shortcuts that bind throughout the world some more. Puzzles in its entirety is not difficult, and most of them require to find specific tools for progress. Well there are several secrets, including the pictures show you the places to look for treasures.Provides a number of diverse arms asymptotic to the number of weapons in the previous sections, there is a knife and a pistol and rifle, flame thrower, bombs, etc., and lead to a limited but sufficient because kill most enemies (depending on skill and difficulty level). Fighting needs to focus, and any mistake will cost you a lot, as the automatic registration can not be relied upon always (unlike the manual registration in the registry rooms). Limited movement of your character and of being the first person makes a tough and spirited fighting perspective but fair, and you can raise the level of challenge to the difficulty of ""Madhouse"" to reduce the automatic recording of a lot, and reduce the number of manual recording tapes that you find.Return your luggage management system (tools and weapons carried by), which forces you to choose whether you want to carry weapons or bullets more, or a Band-Aid, or items that you need to solve puzzles. As well as you will find chemicals that can be combined with the lead to get stronger lead, or with herbs to get a Band-Aid, and once again you will need to make tough decisions in this regard, but during your progress in the game will increase the number of items that you can carry.Horror exists in the game and strongly, and several different aspects. There is fear of a surprise some enemies you suddenly, the horror of fighting the bosses of the first-person perspective in a game not return the health of your character automatically, always fighting up close and first-person perspective, which makes you on your nerves. There are horror because of excessive violence, and another when trying to escape from one of the enemies or sneak quietly, and finally there are the horror myself from the darkness and thick place desolate and random sounds, not knowing what might happen at any moment, and in this aspect is the earliest the first part of the series, which was reissued in 2015.Developed a virtual reality, currently exclusive to PlayStation (Playstation VR), is excellent in its entirety. You play the game full of his way, or switch between television and virtual reality by referring to the main menu and then supplement your play, and experience remain in their entirety themselves, but when playing virtual reality will feel greater integration with the world of the game, you will feel the size of the place and imminent danger you are Larger."
,Recommended,418370,29471464,Posted: 24 January,all,FRANKTASTIC,"Finished the game, took me about 8 hours.Overall a pretty good game, I'm a big fan of the older games and this one really seems to follow the direction those games took. The game gets kinda meh 2 hours near the end, but starts gettin' good again near the end section, (also a pretty neat reference to the older games in the ending, thanks Capcom.) This game is pretty hard too, so expect a few deaths here and there.Overall I'd give it a 9/10."
76561198261028948,Recommended,418370,29475112,Posted: 24 January,all,tonyvangrooth,"seems great so far (for a horror game). im not usually impressed with jump scares, but they got me so scared to turn around in the game i literally got scared of my own character shadow at one point. i regret the bit of leaked stream i watched it's best to play with 0 spoilers. performance wise there have been a few frame hiccups on gtx 1060 and it uses all 6gb, but fairly steady 1440p@60fps ultra."
76561198129190890,Recommended,418370,29693997,Posted: 4 February,all,sovereign,Fantastic game returning to its roots+Great atmosphere+Ammo and healing items are scares+Great sound design and soundtrack+Item management is back+good characters+First person perspective fits in perfectly+good optimization-Enemy types are somewhat limited-Some of the bosses aren't that great-Some sections of game start to dragOverall the game is worth every penny
,Recommended,418370,29510015,Posted: 26 January,all,Octik,"Great game, with a amazing storyline and it does not get repetetive."
,Recommended,418370,29536615,Posted: 28 January,all,moomoojubu,This game gained my trust in Resident Evil franchise again. More survival horror feels than action thriller feels as seen in previous installments. The lengths of the game is okay (about 9-10 hours which is standard for single-player story mode anyway). Way better than The Evil Within for sure (that game is more like frustration than fun). Not to mention zero problem on Day 1 release (Wonderful job Capcom!).
,Recommended,418370,29774932,Posted: 7 February,all,Chrionz,"Picked this up the day after release and just finished it an hour ago. Here is my spoiler-free review.First off, the bad: The ending. I won't spoil it, but it is not so fufilling. That being said, RE games were always about the journey so, while a con, it's not one that's out of place. Next is the length, while my first playthrough took 7 hours, it can be completed much faster, going as far as an achievement for beating it in under 4 hours. That being said, if you take your time and explore like you should, it can last you 7+ hours. Finally, the textures. When looking at textures, you can clearly see that is was built with console hardware in mind. This is a con, but also is not. Doing what they did helps by making it accessible to more PCs and a more consistant experience overall.Now the good: Optimization; I did not have one crash in 7+ hours of playing nor many glitches. Most was a hand sticking through a door when I shut it on a monster. In addition, The visuals and sound are AMAZING. While the textures can be lacking up-close, everything else is gorgeous. Shadows and lighting look stunning and the sound design is absolutely disgusting (in a good way for this game.) Just playing this makes you feel like you need to shower. Next is, the gameplay. Gone is punching giant rocks, back is the tense atmosphere and hightened heartrate. The first person is also something I consider good in it. It doesn't take away anything. At no point did I feel like I was playing something else like Outlast or Amnesia, it always felt like Resident Evil. Puzzles, keys, keycards, and inventory management. Boss battles are here and done in a very Resident Evil way too. The final good thing (hopefully) that remains to be seen is how the DLC is handled. Being that it's already out on the PS4, so far it appears that this wasn't content that was cut and repackaged. It's something that adds to the game, but not to the story (which is how it should be.)Overall, well worth my money and loved it. It's back to RE's roots in a new refreshing way and earns it's place as one of the better RE games, the best since 4."
,Recommended,418370,29478781,Posted: 25 January,all,Salty Buns,"My points:-The first hour or so is where the game truly shines, both in atmosphere and performance-Performance takes a dump after the dinner scene-Enemies can and will stun lock you-There's an ad for free DLC coming in Spring that shows after the credits roll.-The game because a lot less scarier after said first hour-The ending (I got the ""Good Ending"", there are two) left me with more questions than answers-Season Pass content will start rolling out 1 week after launch (I think it has timed exclusivity on PS4) one of said DLC modes is Horde Mode, so do not expect to unlock Mercenaries or a Horde Mode after clearing the game-Puzzles are significantly easier than I felt they should've been-Unscripted moments with Jack Baker are limited (I only encountered him twice on Normal mode outside of scripted moments)-The final boss was a letdown and I felt as if the game was holding my hand during the ""fight""My score:7/10Notes:Set Shadow Quality to High, do not max this setting out, it will kill performance.Also, turn off Shadow Cache if you have 4GB of VRAM or less."
76561198049206331,Recommended,418370,30173825,Posted: 25 February,all,Hypernought,"Bought this game last night, and played it for a few hours. Woke up this morning after having nightmares for the first time in ages........I am a 32 year old man, and this game scared the ♥♥♥♥ing hell out of me.This game has the feeling of Resident evil 2 and Nemeisis. Puzzles, Scares, and being chased by the Hewiit family from Texas Chainsaw.Before i play this game again, i have to go to wallmart to buy adult diapers.10/10 willing to♥♥♥♥♥♥pants again just to play."
76561198067682576,Recommended,418370,29462592,Posted: 24 January,all,Rahul,"The game is super good, and good news for PC Gamers that game is optimized. I have tested the game on my GTX 750TI with 8 GB RAM and i7 2600k Processor. Do not expect the game to run on Max settings. It will give less than 10 FPS. To get 30+ constant FPS  keep settings at Medium with 1080p or 900p. It will give smooth running experience and constant 30+ to high of 40 to 45. On low settings you will get 80+ with high of 100+ FPS. If you go for high settings than it will be less than 30 at approx 25, 20 or even 15 FPS sometimes. The game looks very poor, ugly if you keep settings at high or very high. But little tweaks and at Medium settings it becomes graphically good game. So that was my review on PC and soon i will review the GTX 970 here only. Do not forget to see the videos to get detail analysis of PC Performance on GTX 750TI AND GTX 970.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZPOeUx9Hxt0https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tGHTXr2pjWI"
76561198039394136,Recommended,418370,29477926,Posted: 24 January,all,DanteStyle,"Amazing game. I finished in 7 hrs 45 minutes. Its a bit on the short side but its so good that its ok. The pacing and story are great though i thought they explained too much of the story near the end, i love figuring out stuff through clues but everything is very straightforward and simple really. It has its scary moments but there arent many. The atmosphere is more than great though. Combat is fun but normal mode is a bit too easy even for casual gamers im sure. Would have wanted slightly more and harder combat.Member old RE's? those were memorable experiences, and this one definitely is aswell. I truly hope RE8 will be similar to this and just a couple hours longer."
,Recommended,418370,29867388,Posted: 12 February,all,RAZERKhas,Great game! Recommended!
76561197990944546,Recommended,418370,29578815,Posted: 29 January,all,brwghost,"I have to say, this was an utter treat to play through. I had become a little dissapointed with some of the other new games in the Resident evil franchise. This isn't the return to form we were hoping for. But this is a stuning reimaging for the franchise and I love it. I can't wait to play through this again and play future DLC content.A+ Capcom!"
,Recommended,418370,29580031,Posted: 29 January,all,󠀡Paxman󠀡,"I was skeptical earlier on before the release of the demo. The change into a first person view was all too similar to games like Outlast(which is a great game) I was pleasantly surprised after playing through the demo and was waiting for the full game to come out.Capcom did a great job pulling this off.Buy this game if you are a fan of the RE and horror games in general.While its not as scary as some other titles out there, it manages to captivate my attention far longer. There are RE mechanics everywhere in the game. If you are still on the fence whether to buy the game or not, read other reviews and definitely check out the demoThe game is highly optimized and scales well on all kinds of setups.TLDR: RESIDENT EVII is back and in good form."
,Recommended,418370,29636576,Posted: 1 February,all,✪ CrazylikE ✪,"I only played RE1, RE2 and RE:CV before this one, the others didnt look like RE to me so I didnt even bother. This one though, looked good so I tried it and I dont regret it. It felt very much like the good old RE's again, only in first person. It took me 9 hours and 21 minutes to complete on Normal.Definetly worth my money."
76561198117146088,Recommended,418370,29662948,Posted: 2 February,all,LightningBacon,"Welcome back, old Resident Evil that we lovedWe have missed you"
76561198041000658,Recommended,418370,29492993,Posted: 25 January,all,Oniwolf,"This game is a love letter to all horror mediums, it takes alot of tropes we all know and love and gives the Resident Evil series a HUGE step forward out of the shadows from its old (nostalgic) B-movie action/horror roots and shows that Capcom are seriously listining to its Resi fanbase in taking the series back towards survival horror but in a much more serious tone. Resident evil 7 tests the waters and has left me wanting more.The combat is very engaging,Fps works very well in this game somthing i was originally worried about. However do not think combat is  like Resi 4-6 revaltions era, You will struggle to take down a single enemy in worry of alerting more or just running out of ammo fast (This applies HUGELY in the Madhouse diffculty) as the Threats close in on you.The story  has lot of used tropes, however it focus on these and executes them very compentently,It keeps you invested. The writer of the game clearly loves horror and it shows. However  its clear that someone at the top of Capcom wanted to do something safe with the game. So the team working on this and turned this into a good thing a Jill sandwhich if you will,by writing  a love letter to Horror instead.The sounds and voice direction is top notch. I would love to see a behind the scenes, Capcom get on that! ^^The only problems i came across were that some of the enemies could use some more tuning, it can a frustrating/artifical feeling  especially on Madhouse Mode (Don't want to spoil encounters in this review you'l know what i mean when you play on MhM.) The variety of non-boss enemies if sadly a bit limited, however its compensated by the boss's battles.All in all if your looking for a suspenseful horror experience Resident Evil 7 Biohazard has got you covered, oh and Welcome to the family son!"
,Recommended,418370,29494722,Posted: 25 January,all,Hyybrid,This is awesome. Total throwback to the first 3 games of the series.
,Recommended,418370,29511669,Posted: 26 January,all,World's Best Dad,fantastic game
76561198086763467,Recommended,418370,29791792,Posted: 8 February,all,jaysunsphone,Best RE game I've ever played
,Recommended,418370,29835958,Posted: 10 February,all,Hammy,"Definitely recommend! Loved Resident Evil 5 & 6. Even though the game was drastically different from the two, it was still amazing. I don't even play horror games, but I had a blast playing it and would recommend it to any resident evil fan who wasn't thinking of playing it due to the horror side, or even the first person.The combat, the music and story were all really great in my opinion! And the fact that free content for the game is coming out soon as well is amazing, and of course the game ran smoothly without any issues either, it was visually beautiful and felt extremely realistic at times...."
,Recommended,418370,29732579,Posted: 5 February,all,bruh,very spooky indeed
,Recommended,418370,29477219,Posted: 24 January,all,Preacher6911,this resident evil made me remeber why. i loved this series so much from the jump scares to the oh♥♥♥♥♥♥moments of running out of ammo. this game brings elements from the old and the new in a great way. i cant wait and see what they have to offer later this year. if you love resident evil and are a fan of the series than this is it for you and if you arent then. im sorry. hahahhaa
,Recommended,418370,29694959,Posted: 4 February,all,LandWarrior99,"Resident Evil 7 is worth the $59.99!!***Survival Horror is back with Resident Evil 7, make no mistake about that!***Suvival Horror  10++/10 - Very excited that Capcom listened to their community and delivered!Level Design 10++/10 - Capcom needs to promote the guy who designed all the levels, they all worked well and felt organic.Gameplay 10/10 - I never felt being ""safe"" with just ONE shotgun shell chambered.... you'll know why when you play...Being Scared 9.5/10 - Something that has never happened to me since Resident Evil 1: Directors (PS1) cut when I was a kid, how do you get scared in a RE game? You will in RE7....Photo Realism 10/10 - Probably the most photo realistic game to date as of 2-4-2017;  closest thing to it would probably be the P.T Demo on PS4.....Is there enough guns/weapons in the game? -Yes, Resident Evil has been known to be gun/weapon friendly... guns are very balanced with the game.  it won't be a shoot 'em up fest like RE4, 5, & 6 was.Is it ""Outlast with Guns?"" - No, punch the person who tells you that!Will it make you rage quit/chicken out?  I don't know.... you'll have to find out :)   (yes probably)My Overall Rating for my experience with Resident Evil 7:Overall would have to give it for what it is: 10/10 - the game is pretty solid, not too many games are that way. I really don't do reviews for games, but RE7 really impressed me!  Not to mention, not too many games are worth the price they're sold for.   After playing Resident Evil 7, I don't feel like I wasted my money, or it could have have been cheaper, I really felt like my money was put to good use and not wasted.Other comments:  I had some framerate issues while playing the game, and that could hinder your gameplay depending on the siutation(s) you'll find in-game.  At the time of this review I am running a Nvidia Geforce GTX 970 FTW (4GB model) graphics card.  Even with the game ready driver for RE7, I still had issues where I would randomly lose a lot of framerate, or the game's framerate would be reduced in areas of the game.   I would suggest those reading the review  that do play the game, to turn down their settings early in the game, so it doesn't affect your experience while your playing. I learned that the hard way! By the way, even with lowered settings, the game still looks amazing, still very photo realistic! So don't worry! You'll 'see' what I mean ;)Now Go tell Aunt Rhody....ahahahahhaha"
,Recommended,418370,29465999,Posted: 24 January,all,Del,"R7We got back what I believe to be one of the main objectives of Resident Evil franchise... Fear.Finally a non 3' person shooting game based on a barely good plot, in my opnion the series have way more potential than it was explored for the last two games (R5 and R6), and thats exactly what R7 brings us, a very well studied game.The new path to be taken for the next games seems to be awesome.Thanks"
,Recommended,418370,29467975,Posted: 24 January,all,Outcast™,"This kickstarted 2017 with a blast. It's an amazing throwback to the first Resident Evil games, with an top notch performance on both my 940M laptop and on my regular 970 desktop, playing like a mixture of the gameplay seen in Resident Evil 1, 4 and Revelations with a first person twist that creates tension like no other game in the series.This is a must have for classic Resident Evil fans, and I'm truly shocked to see part of the fanbase against it simply because of the new FPS gameplay."
,Recommended,418370,29476164,Posted: 24 January,all,Canteu,"After the first hour or so it actually turns into an OG resident evil game. The intro is extremely tense and the protagonist is a dumbass just like he should be in an RE title. After the intro, it becomes a lot more familiar (first person aside) in that you explore, look for keys, backtrack, solve puzzles, manage limited inventory (no attaché case HD though), dodge monsters to save ammo etc.Excellent RE title. Less action oriented than the last 5 (4,5,6, Rev, Rev2) and an allround solid game so far."
76561198055631052,Recommended,418370,29779679,Posted: 8 February,all,Rafalo15,"(Slight spoilers ahead)After the truly abysmal sixth entry in the main series, the Resident Evil franchise was in need of a much needed revival and Resident Evil 7: Biohazard more than delivers. Picking up the remnants of the sadly cancelled P.T. and turning it into their own game, Capcom have proven in this that they can, and will, scare the ever-living crap out of us.In a first for a Resi game, this is played entirely in first person and if you have it on PS4, you can use VR. While I would have loved to play this in VR it's unfortunately not out on PC yet, nor do I have one. However I was able to run this at a smooth 100fps on ultra and apart from the occasional hitch when loading a new area, I had no framerate issues. And the game is drop dead gorgeous on the highest settings, there were times I just had to stop and look around because of how amazingly detailed everything looked.The story itself, at least the first half, is very Texas Chainsaw Massacre-like, with you exploring a dilapdiated house inhabited by a family of ""hillbillies"", but in reality, they're not hillbillies, in fact the Baker family are a rather wealthy and intelligent family who simply had the misfortune of being at the center of this biohazard.And my god they are terrifying, the father, Jack, is a walking tank, smashing through walls like they're made of paper, ripping the hood off a car and being shot, set on fire and blown up and yet he still keeps coming at you. His wife Marguerite is nowhere near as aggressive, fleeing if you shoot her enough and easy to avoid but the insect swarms she sends at you can be irritating and halt your progress, and then there's her later form which is nothing short of horrifying, looking like a spider wearing the skin of a human, her boss fight is one I was more than glad to be done with. Their son Lucas never attacks you head on and instead settles for a Saw like torture room in which you have to solve his puzzle or risk death. It was a nice change from the usual fare of unloading ammo on them in the hopes for a break and also made you think. Finally we have your wife, Mia, she really only shows up as a boss for the first hour or so and is easy to beat but I'd be lying if I said she wasn't creepy, especially when she crawls up a darkened staircase at you. Oh and I guess I should mention Zoe, the Baker daughter, she really doesn't do much other than help you find a cure, it's a shame as she could have been a great character but was sadly wasted. All the boss fights were interesting and the way you could change the flow of a fight was interesting, and while you can easily trivialise them with the use of the magnum, the ammo for it is so sparse you'll be stuck with your usual weapons most of the time.While all the boss fights were great, the last one was.... well let's just say it was disappointing, consisting of you walking towards them while blocking to prevent being thrown back, hitting F to finish them and then the 2nd and 3rd phases both consisting of you merely shooting them while being held upside down, even if the weapon you get for it is cool.The main character you play as in this, Ethan Winters, while he's not the worst character and certainly not the worst voiced, you can't help but feel that he seems to be going through the motions in this, he never really seems scared or phased by anything. Hand or leg chopped off? No worries, he'll just pour some medicine on it. Crazy woman becoming a spider thing or an old man crashing through a wall and soaking up bullets? Doesn't matter to him. It's possible that he's an Umbrella agent or someone with experience with biohazards but still, at least show more emotions than the basic ones.Sound direction in this game is some of the best I've heard in a horror game in years, the slightest creak, footstep or breath had me frantically looking around for the source, most of the times it turning out to be me unintentionally scaring myself. The music adds to the urgency of an encounter, especially the sharp stings when being chased that seem to literally stab at the eardrums, heightening the fear and causing you to panic. This game is definitely best experienced with headphones on and the volume cranked up with the lights off.The puzzles could have been better designed, to be honest. Sure, they weren't overly complicated with an inexplicable solution but they were a little too easy, especially considering I was going in blind, the longest I spent on a puzzle was at least two minutes because the damn shadow wouldn't rotate the way I wanted it to.Few weapons but the ones that are there are all rendered in amazing detail and have their own unique feel, the magnum, flamethrower, and grenade launcher in particular had a really nice satisfying feel them as you unloaded them onto an enemy and watched them stagger back in pain or their head pop from the damage.Small variety of enemies, there's really only the Baker family and the Molded and some insects in one section but they provided enough of a challenge as is, and the Molded in particular are creepy and require planning to take down swiftly, but they sadly show up way too often in the later game and you can easily just run by them. The game could have been even better with the addition of at least one more enemy type.There are side stories in the game that are provided by files found throughout the game and do an excellent job at providing backstory as to what happened to the Baker family. There's also the VHS tapes that are optional but are best played regardless as they can show you a solution for an upcoming puzzle and provide a viewpoint of another character, usually one who has no weapons and thus has no choice but to hide and avoid combat.As expected of a Resident Evil game, there's a fair bit of backtracking but exploration is encouraged and rewarded quite fairly, and if you want that magnum later on in the game then you better get to looking for those antique coins.After the horror that was Resident Evil 6, I was wary of this when it was first announced but after playing it and absolutely loving it, it's definitely up there with Resident Evil 4 for me and hopefully Capcom keep this up for future entries."
76561198055878177,Recommended,418370,29694046,Posted: 4 February,all,CannibalSwine,"I'm a long-time Resident Evil fan, and Resident Evil 7 is yet another great addition to the franchise. It is far better than 5 and 6 (even though I quite enjoyed those games). Resident Evil 7 is far more horror-based, and draws a lot of inspiration from the Silent Hill franchise, but in a good way. It has also picked up the gameplay mechanics of Alien Isolation and Outlast, again, in a good way.Resident Evil 7 feels fresh for the franchise, delivering a sound story, delightful villains, extremely well-designed boss battles, and some great horror experiences.This game has its fair share of flaws- the graphics jump from being photorealistic and beautiful, to low resolution textures in some parts. The voice syncing is also, at times, out of whack. However these did not diminish my experience.I highly recommend this game for any survival horror fans. It filled me with dread, made me jump outta my seat a few times, and truly feels like Resident Evil has found its footing again."
,Recommended,418370,29710680,Posted: 4 February,all,RaYn3inG Bl00D,Resident Evil 7 the best survival horror of modern gaming. This game really went back to the roots of the genre and is going in the right direction again. Absolutely love this game.
76561198042860173,Recommended,418370,29752081,Posted: 6 February,all,Pikachu da Montanha,"First time playing a Resident Evil game, i don't know about the others games, but this one is really great!A great script, really well made with a lot of attention to details and great grafics. Play it!"
,Recommended,418370,29727267,Posted: 5 February,all,KrackenGaming,My game lags like crazy os there anyway to fix it tho it is unplayable for me now unless I am missing something...
,Recommended,418370,29540070,Posted: 28 January,all,FANTAK,"As brilliant as it is bloody, Resident Evil 7 doesn't just give the franchise a refreshing reboot, but also raises the bar for future survival horror games. A welcome return to the haunting roots."
,Recommended,418370,29474421,Posted: 24 January,all,morfilithia,"Finished my first run. Fantastic game. Didn't have any software issues and the game itself is beautifully written and executed. I enjoy all RE games (well, apart from ORC and Umbrella Corps.) and personally, I love the gameplay diversity the last few games have provided us. If they continue to deliver THIS quality, I'm all for Capcom experimenting with the franchise some more. Also, a great starting point for new players."
,Recommended,418370,29481223,Posted: 25 January,all,Chaos,~~~I got this game for free for my birthday back in November~~~TL:DR: Game is good buy it dont spoil it for yourself so it stays scary 9/10 score from meOk so I beat the game without looking up anything and time for my review on this game.Ok so from the start this is an amazing game had me scared for about 80% of it after that it got stale and I didn't get jump scared one time (people who beat it might know the part im talking about).Now lets just jump into pros and consProsAmazing Graphics and Beautiful SceneryFresh Take on the Resident Evil SeriesYou Can't Actually Run and Gun through the whole game like other Resident Evils (maybe you can but idk how)Feels More open unlike old Resident Evils where its just a long hallway to the end this one feels like there is alot of room to make choices~~~~~~~~~~ConsInventory is insanely limited on what you can have even with the inventory upgradesAiming feels a little funky (or thats just me)Rating:Graphics:9/10 Gameplay:8/10 Scare Factor 9.5/10 Overall:9/10Would i recommend this game Yes i would even if you dont like resident evil i would recommend this game on the fact of the scare factor for most of the gameAlso i would get it if you have a VR so once they add that you can play that and scare yourself even more (even if you don't wanna play it until then)But if that is the case i would recommend reading or looking up anything about the game so you go in blind (like i did)
76561198068356445,Recommended,418370,30092551,Posted: 21 February,all,PriceIzSic,"I was highly skeptical of playing this Resident Evil at first. The trailers never really made an impression on me or anything, but I decided to give it a shot and I loved it. This was one of my favorite Resident Evil games to play through."
,Recommended,418370,29511551,Posted: 26 January,all,^jmp^,This game is a very good uplift for the Resident Evil Franchise.I love how this game is much more scarier than the older ones.The graphics is beautiful and the atmosphere is just amazing.Love the game and I would recommend it
,Recommended,418370,29978666,Posted: 16 February,all,Voidwatcher,"It's an incredibly fun game with lots of replayabilty, great crisp graphics and art direction that makes ya wanna put down your sandwich until you get to the saferoom, solid controls (I used keyboard and mouse and an Xbox One controller back and fourth interchangeably with no issue), fun unlockables that make replaying the game a blast, collectibles and nostalgic nods that feel just right.I definitely recommend this game to anyone who just wants to enjoy a complete videogame experience with good replay value and pleasantly horrid enemies."
,Recommended,418370,29462513,Posted: 24 January,all,Gosumania,"Haters gone Hate!This game has everything that made RE1 and RE2 fantastic games, and more. It's genuinely a terrifying game The First-person view  makes it that much more immersive, frightening and, at times, frantic. You will not be disappointed!"
76561198032544493,Recommended,418370,29473799,Posted: 24 January,all,Sanlucifer,"Too scary and too good, cant handle it."
76561197985505992,Recommended,418370,31170624,Posted: 15 April,all,IceyMikey,The best survival horror game that I have played in a very very long time.
,Recommended,418370,29881416,Posted: 12 February,all,lehtipiffi,"It's just soooo good, worth every cent and the free DLC shows that customers are really being appreciated. Definitely buy this if you like horror games or wanna try one out."
76561198171497502,Recommended,418370,29812183,Posted: 9 February,all,PunLord,"I really liked the game.It was fun, scary, looked good, and just overall interested me and made the experience worth my money.However, the part about Ethan getting a message from his supposedly dead wife was already used in Silent Hill 2. The game also used a bunch of cliches but it utalized them well. But I wish they made the game a bit longer because I really liked it and I wish there were events that made us care about the characters a bit more. This is because, I found myself not really caring for any of the characters other than Ethan due to his quirky, funny, and well timed remarks at the situation.Overall, I loved the game and it was a blast to play."
76561198105786011,Recommended,418370,29946836,Posted: 15 February,all,Sescent,One of my favorite Resident Evil games! It really recaptures the horror of the early games and keeps you on edge throughout the entire game. I highly recommend it for any fans of the horror genre!
76561198121131690,Recommended,418370,29712208,Posted: 4 February,all,Noize,Cool Game. Extremely suspensful and terrifying. 2 thumbs up. Definitely need VR to play this though.
76561198086695408,Recommended,418370,29664461,Posted: 2 February,all,Stein,"Capcom actually listened for once and created a game that most any fan of the old school Resident Evils can be pretty damn proud of. I have to emphasize that this game BLEW my expectations out of the water, especially given how the demo, while it was atmospheric and genuinely creepy,  didn't have much that made it feel like a Resident Evil game. However, the full game did far more than I had hoped for, bringing back those incredible, tense moments brought on simply by the atmosphere, lulling you into a false sense of security several times and filling you with dread from just the sheer atmosphere of the game. For reasons like that, I can easily say this is the BEST Resident Evil we have had since Resident Evil 4, and is even a solid contender in my opinion to be placed up against the likes of Resident Evil Remake, a game which I genuinely feel was the best of the older Resident Evil titles.If there are any flaws whatsoever in this game, I would have to say that the whole final segment seems a bit lacking in comparison to the beginning and middle of the game, but it is definitely still enjoyable in its own right and only really falls flat due to a lack of enemy variety and the ending, which does feel tacked on a bit last minute, but even saying that about the enemies they still manage to put fear into my art, especially the second variant you encounter, which puts chills down my spine just thinking about it.All in all, if anything I must tip my hat off to you Capcom... I'm not sure how you managed to do it, but with the change in perspective from third to first person (arguably causing an even more narrow, closed in POV than set camera angles) you managed to bring back this genre confused series back to its TRUE roots, and with that I am truly impressed and, as a long time Resident Evil fan, thank you for finally indulging us long time fans with something we can both enjoy, and be terrified of at the same time."
,Recommended,418370,29471865,Posted: 24 January,all,FusionZGamer,Exactly what i wanted it to be and more!
76561198010112719,Recommended,418370,31026938,Posted: 8 April,all,Mr. Eff,"While not quite matching the quality of the series' zenith in 2002-2003, RE7 is a confident stride in the right direction. This is a good entry point for those new to the series, and a shining glimmer of light for seasoned fans. It plays very well and is pleasing to the senses, but suffers from a weak story, is far too easy, and not particularly scary.GAMEPLAY:RE7 used typical FPS controls, with some welcome returns from previous series entries. Your inventory is limited, so you will need to choose what to carry on your person, storing excess items in item chests. It aids in the horror element, and is a nice return. There's also a crafting system, allowing players to create their own supplies and repair damaged items. There's a bigger focus on stealth than previous entries in the series, though it doesn't quite go as far as, say, Outlast. You are encouraged to sneak around recurring enemies, which is a nice change of pace and contrasts nicely with boss fights and typical enemy encounters. When you do fight enemies, they've found a way to include an element of the clunkiness of the early games - which is a huge plus. Reload times are slow, it takes a second to fine aim, and there's a small amount of bullet spread, meaning that shots can miss if not carefully aimed. Combined with a lack of on-screen hud, enemy encounters are immersive and require some thought (though not exactly a lot of effort) to overcome. Otherwise, you will primarily spend your time going from A to B, fetching items to unlock doors. Unfortunately, puzzles are sparse, and when present are far too easy - almost to the point of insulting the player's intelligence. RE7's lack of difficulty is perhaps its biggest flaw (see the ""horror"" section for more detail).A big point in this games' favour is its optional content. There's a lot - for example, upgrades for purchase, and hidden VHS tapes that add short side segments, which are a nice diversion from the main story - especially when they change the gameplay style, for instance having the player escape from a locked room by solving puzzles. What's nice about all of these is that they're integrated into the game world - there is no end-of-level upgrade menu, or merchant selling you weapons. They've found ways to subtly place these things into the game world, which does a huge service to the players' immersion.VISUALS:The game looks great, with lots of nice attention to detail - though it's lacking in a few areas. On-screen button prompts detract from player immersion, especially when there's no HUD present, and the facial animations look very robotic at times, getting into uncanny valley terrirtory at times, and some of the hair animations have a strange floating quality to them - though the character models are wonderfully animated. One of my favourite touches is the healing animation - rather than just saying ""you've been healed"", Eathan will apply his medicine in a way that's relevant to his injuries. There are some low-quality textures upon close inspection, and the game misses an opportunity to create atmosphere through lighting (partially due to the afrorementioned lack of control over the flashlight) and I think it suffers for it - there are few opportunities to create the shadows that are very nicely animated. Moreover, the latter quarter of the game opts to send the player to some very bland environments, shunning the excellent detail of the mansion.AUDIO:The voice acting is excellent and packed with all types of emotion - particularly noteworthy are the Bakers, whose performances make every scene that they're in. The rest of the cast is acted almost as superbly - it's certainly a far cry from the early games!The game doesn't do much in the way of music - except for the return of the save room themes which, though a bit of a weak tune, is a nice touch. When present, the music is so subtle as to be almost unnoticable, which can be good for creating an unsettling atmosphere. RE7 is generally pretty quiet except for environmental sound effects - props to the footstep sounds, which actually gave me a spook once or twice. Another interesting note is the presence of a vocalized theme song, which suits the game nicely, and somewhat signifies a change for the series.STORY:I have issues with the way the story is presented - the player is rushed into action very quickly, provided with very little to go on for most of the game, and then given a large surge of information at the end. I found myself not knowing much about the characters or why the events were happening, so I found myself not really caring much about the game beyond its mechanics - in short, I was not immersed. When the game did try to do something emotional, or especially frightening, I raised an eyebrow and wondered why I was supposed to care. When it all comes together at the end, it feels like a much to do about nothing, and the primary antagonist is incredibly weak, even cheesy - and not in an intentionally campy way. The story definitely does well with the progrssion of Eathan's character, but he's a little too much of a blank slate for me to feel invested. I think the story could have benefited from some more even pacing towards the mid-section, and some more screen time for the Zoe.HORROR:RE7 does some things very well with its horror, and some things not so very well. The game start off very tense, giving the player little in the way of weaponry, thus forcing them to hide or run from enemies - this creates some very tense moments, especially when certain enemies begin to stalk you throughout the area. Unfortunately, this sense of horror virtually disappears once some weaponry is amassed. In RE7, I never was wanting for anything, as previously mentioned.  The crafting system made this even easier, in that I was not just given items, but that I could make what I wanted. This meant that I could stroll through the game with hardly a concern - there were heavy weapons that I didn't even use outside of testing them out for fun on some basic enemies. There are two causes for this - one with an easy fix, and one with a more difficult solution.1) The first, as I've iterated, is the difficulty. Yes, I unlocked ""madhouse"" difficulty after completing the game, but I'm a busy guy, and I'm not so sure I want to replay RE7. Another difficulty level from the start, perhaps with an advisory of ""for experienced horror players"" or something along those lines, would have given me a much more satisfying experience.2) The second problem is more inherent to first-person shooting - with the precision of fine aiming, the quality of shots varies wildly. In traditional third-person horror, barring a few tricks, one can shoot one of three levels (up, down, or across) and the hits generally register the same way - either you hit or you don't. In short, there's much less variability, and thus fewer ways to waste ammo. The game can then carefully control your ammo supply. Games with fine aiming need to compensate for this, and players who are more skilled will end up landing most of their shots, and thus have huge stockpiles of ammo. I'm not quite sure what the solution to this is, but I wonder if a smaller reliance on firearms is a good remedy, like Condemned: Criminal Origins has.Otherwise, I found the campy humour, though entertaining, to detract from the horror (a particular one-liner had me thinking of Duke Nukem). Perhaps it's just me, but I can't find myself able to feel afraid if I'm laughing - humour and fear are opposite emotions in my eyes. The enemies get very repetitive as well - RE7 has what is probably the smallest enemy roster in the series, and familiarity with your enemy isn't conducive to fear. Perhaps this says more about my inurement  to horror games at this point, but there were very few times that I felt any tension.Overall, this game is very good. With a few tweaks to this style, I think the next entry could end up being a masterpiece of the series."
,Recommended,418370,29456572,Posted: 23 January,all,Mr. Green,"Played only an hour of it, and I have cold sweats and have screamed '♥♥♥♥' more times than I can count. Had my roommate come into the room in the midst of a jumpscare and did the exact same thing. the setting and backstory are giving me more questions than answers, however that is not such a bad thing to start a horror game off with. I believe they truly went back to their roots with this one, a grotesque and terrifyingly welcome addition to the RE series."
76561198154283521,Recommended,418370,29459013,Posted: 24 January,all,Space-Lord,"Put all your lights off, grab your Headphones and get scared..This Game is what a Resident Evil Fan deserve after the last ""Masterpieces"".Cheers""grabs green herb"""
,Recommended,418370,29462405,Posted: 24 January,all,Justin The Horse,"If you're fond with FPS games, and survival/psychological horror games, this is one of the best horror games to get right now. It's like Silent Hills Playable Teaser, mixed with Outlast, mixed with Saw, mixed with Fatal Frame, and mixed with Resident Evil lore. This game makes you back track a lot, solve hard puzzles, kill hard bosses and still makes the game as amazing as it can be. The atomsphere and enviroment of the game will get your hairs standing up and give you goosebumps all around you, not to mention the loads of jumpscares in the game. Recommend getting it if you're a horror and/or puzzle advocate.9.5/10"
,Recommended,418370,29462576,Posted: 24 January,all,Kaydee,Had to change pants and undies numerous times.Bought a pack of pampers.Now I can pee and play at the same time.
76561198143030286,Recommended,418370,29565594,Posted: 29 January,all,I AM STUPID,Was expecting the original RPG finisher
76561197990548930,Recommended,418370,29575227,Posted: 29 January,all,| Mr Cras |,"Imagine playing the early resident evils in first person: Amazing visually, Great story and action, Great level design. I havent been completely satified with a game purchase in a while and this had me 100%. Cant wait for the hardmode playthrough. Get this game!."
76561197983447887,Recommended,418370,29544884,Posted: 28 January,all,myztik,"100% recommend this game. It is by far the best game in the series. Great job Capcom. It was worth every penny.1. The story is fantastic. Take the time to immerse youself in the game, read the files, and don't rush. It is quite creepy and disturbing at times. I don't want to give away any spoilers so I will leave it here.2. The graphics are stunning. WOW. Playing this game at 4k on max settings and I am blown away at the quality and details put into the game. If you are having issues with stuttering or low fps search the forums or youtube. It is likely someone else has the same issue. I was able to fix stuttering with my SLI setup by using the Batman:Arkham Origins profile for NVIDIA inspector.3. Playable with controller or keyboard and mouse.4. The cinematic cut scenes are very well done and not overly long. They really add to the game.5. The sound track in the game is outstanding. Perfect choice of in game sounds and music. You think you have finally figured out when certain sounds mean something bad is coming, nothing may happen, you let your guard down, and then a scary/jumpy event happens. I definitely recommend playing this game in a dark room with headphones. I probably jumped/was caught off guard 30+ times.6. The puzzles in the game are enjoyable and somewhat challenging. There are even some hidden puzzles that add additional content to the game.I hope this review was helpful (and intentionally vague to not give any spoilers). If you have any questions feel free to comment."
76561198070124952,Recommended,418370,29544947,Posted: 28 January,all,W0LF,"Let me start of by saying that I grew up on the original resident evil games, I played the first resident evil when I was three years old and have been devoted to them ever since. I even have an umbrella tattoo and after a few trailers I was worries how the series was going to pan out.Now that's that's been said, I loved this game, every single second of it. It had all the things I love about resident evil, atmosphere, music, item management, that feeling of walking into a new location and not knowing if you are ready for what's about to happen. Replayabilty is also a massive part of my love for these games which is something that 6 totally missed for me. This game got it perfect, unlockables for beating the game and taking challenges into account to unlock that cool weapon for your next playthrough.Whether you are an old school fan or a newcomer this game fits all, you don't need to know original story lines to get into this, and there is enough fan service in small doses to make you go ""oh f*** how does that tie in?!""Well played capcom, thank-you for not ruining my favourite series ever, I'm going to start my 5th playthrough. Buy it now..."
76561197968899559,Recommended,418370,29858213,Posted: 11 February,all,BlackWolf,Wow what a great game. Lots of fun. Not too long though but I think they will be prividing free content updates down the line. Loved RE 1 on the Playstation 1 and never liked anything after that game so much till this one arrived. So much fun. Get it.
,Recommended,418370,29711039,Posted: 4 February,all,FAPbeast,A great return to form.
76561198011420246,Recommended,418370,29727930,Posted: 5 February,all,GameDude-UK,Get to shoot a woman in the vag. Good game!
,Recommended,418370,29496326,Posted: 25 January,all,Chip Dangercock,"My favorite game of all time is Resident Evil 4. It seems like every game in the series that has come out since then hasn't been as good or in the case of Resident Evil 5, Operation Racoon City, and Umbrella Corps really bad. I went into Resident Evil 7 with caution, having enjoyed last summers teaser and seeing some positive early reviews changed my mind however. Thank god they did. Resident Evil 7 is great. The game has a great balance between horror and comedy with very clear homages to The Evil Dead movies thrown throughout. The new style of gameplay works really well and I am looking forward to the upcoming DLC that Capcom has planned. The game is newcomer friendly but there is payoff for longtime fans of the series. Well worth the money I spent."
,Recommended,418370,29978264,Posted: 16 February,all,Inoe Candra,de bes gim eper
,Recommended,418370,29812917,Posted: 9 February,all,Beard Finn,I've never felt more emotionally involved after finishing a Resident Evil game.  Definitely worth a couple of extra play-throughs to read all the little lore factoids and search for small environmental storytelling to help flush out each character's background.  Story is heart-wrenching.  Characters are fascinating.  Enviroments are immersive.  Gameplay is nerve-wracking.  Scary.
,Recommended,418370,29740508,Posted: 6 February,all,Beeway,"This game is scary.  I even played with the lights on and it didnt help.  A perfect example of ""Survival Horror"" done right!"
,Recommended,418370,29685655,Posted: 3 February,all,༗Zabieru༗,"Another example of a  new age masterpiece such as Grand Theft Auto V. If they release this on the Nintendo Switch I will GLADLY fork over another 60 dollars to get it with all DLC. PLEASE CAPCOM!!! Oh and this game is BEAUTIFULLY optimized, but I heard people with no SSE 1.4 (???) on there CPU are having issues. FX 8350 and a 970 strix 4GB and 16GB 2133 ram. I can run this maxed out with shadows turned down one notch. 60 FPS everywhere in 1080p. A CLASSIC if you are a fan of the older Resident Evil games."
,Recommended,418370,29514997,Posted: 26 January,all,Chäösgöät,RESIDENT EVII. / BIOHA7ARDWorth itShort isParas kauhuleffa mitä oon ikinä pelannut.
,Recommended,418370,29533284,Posted: 27 January,all,Hippie Gamer ☮,"Whenever the demo first released for this game I was very worried, and felt that it wasn't going to be a Resident Evil game at all - it felt much more like a P.T. rip off, which is probably still the best horror game, even though it was just a demo, I've played in years. But I was wrong, this is easily among the best of the Resident evil games, right under Resident Evil 1 for me (which is my 3rd favorite among the series) and blew me away in a few parts, with the first couple hours being the most terrifying to me. Here's the story - you play as this really chill guy named Leon who survived the events of resident evil 2 and is now an american agent working under the president, and your first miss - wait, no - you're an ordinary guy named Ethan who's girlfriend went missing 3 years ago and once he's finally come to terms with her apparent death, recieve's a letter showing a picture of her, an address in Louisianna, and a small message ""help  me obi wan kenobi, you're my only hope"". You go there to find out what's happened, only to find that she's been held hostage, can't remember what's happened, and without spoiling anything, that she's, well, ""different"". You're trapped in this mansion with an insane family, the Bakers, who are all different types of just very ♥♥♥♥ed up, each member giving you their own trouble throughout the game trying to stop you from escaping, either with their own power or through traps, until you fight them as bosses. While it starts off really strong in terror, it eventually does feel a little bit like running around and shooting up the bad guys for a couple parts but no where near the same way resident evil 6 did, which we all know was just extremely dull and boring. The reason why is this - as enemies go, there aren't any zombies in this Resident evil like the original games had, but we instead have a new foe - WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ IS THAT THING OH MY GOD - which start off extremely terrifying, but as they're the only type of enemy you really face in the game besides the bosses, the enemies you keep running into eventually bored me until you're left defensless again, and I was just focusing on either blowing them up or moving on to the next part of the game to get back to the horror. If they had a better variety of different types of enemies throughout this game, it would have led to an even better experience, but the game would have needed more game time then what it currently has so I guess that was out of the option. I beat the game in 8 hours, but many people have reported beating the game in 6-7 hours, and for $60 that's not very long of a game, with the only thing to do after beating the game you can do is - beat the game again. I do plan on playing through it on madhouse difficulty for sure, but the past few titles have had extra modes alongside the core game, so where are the modes here? You'll never guess - the DLC. Yup, the season pass will unlock you the following modes:The first pack, Banned Footage Vol. 1, will be available starting January 31 for $9.99, and includes two tapes as well as a new mode:Bedroom: Figure out how to escape from a locked room — but don’t let Marguerite Baker know you’ve been out of bed.Nightmare: Fend off waves of enemies and survive until morning while crafting useful items and traps to stay alive.Extra Mode: Ethan Must Die: A tough-as-nails mode separate from the tapes and story of the main game. (Does not support PS VR).The second pack, Banned Footage Vol. 2, will be available starting February 14 for $14.99, and includes two more tapes as well as a new mode:21: Gamble life and limb in a deadly game run by Lucas Baker.Daughters: See what the Baker family was like before the tragic events of Resident Evil 7 biohazard.Extra Mode: Jack’s 55th Birthday: Race against the clock and feed Jack tons of food in this comical extra game mode separate from the tapes and story of the main game. (Does not support PS VR)I'm sorry, but most of this looks like it actually should have been in the game, hell the ""Daughters"" and ""Bedroom"" episodes sound like they should have been in the actual story, especially since there IS a mission where you're trying to escape a locked room without dying as ""Bedroom"" seems to be, which is set up by Lucas, the same person you're apparently trying to beat in the ""21"" episode, so there's 3 episodes that should be part of the main game, since ""21"" already seems to be. Due to how short this game really is, this upsets me, as it feels like another case of ""pay $60 for what we have now, buy the rest of our game later"". At least in this case the game was actually good.Due to all this DLC already planned, and with some of it already being released in just a week, I also feel like this game might have been rushed and that capcom should have pushed this game back a few months, they wouldn't have needed to push it back too far to have this stuff ready to be released if they already have so much progress made.Now that my DLC rant is out of the way, back to the game itself, which really does stand to be a great game despite everything I just said. The gameplay, terror, level design, visuals, were all great to me, although I did have a few problems while running the game myself. A lot of people seem to be having problems with the PC version of this game so hopefully capcom releases a patch soon, and that 1 year VR exclusive really does hurt the game more than it helps it, with only 9% of the playerbase even using VR headsets. If the VR had been enabled for PC users as well, it would have been a fantastic experience made even better. And that's another thing I wanted to mention - the past few years capcom hasn't really done anything big budget wise without the backing of a first party, with Sony being their source of income every time. It's as if they're too scared to work on their projects without the cash. I really do believe that after this, Capcom is ready to make a comeback as the company they used to be, and that they don't need to rely on first party backing anymore and I hope this time is the last we see of it. So with all that being said, and I know my complaints might have seemed really big and would make my review score lower, but I just wanted to explain my thoughts over what they could have done better as much as possible, as they really did prove me wrong with this great experience. I just believe it could have been even more if all this extra content was actually part of the game, and if they wouldn't have held back exclusive content for Sony, especially VR, which is biggest on the PC platform right now. With everything said, I'd give this game an 8/10, and I really do urge you to buy this game. If you don't want to spend $60 for it, wait for it to drop between $40 and $50, where the price really does fit the games worth. I hope capcom's DLC really is worth it's price."
76561198328912926,Recommended,418370,29538547,Posted: 28 January,all,Lucas,"Has some optimization problems on PC, frame stuttering happening for a lot of players. If you don't feel like playing with the settings just buy it for PS4 or that other thing Microsoft makes. Fun game, whole lot of scary."
76561198072979462,Recommended,418370,29541473,Posted: 28 January,all,Dudey Rhino,"Okay so this game BLEW MY MIND. The best Survival Horror Story mode I have played in a very long time! Absolute joy to play, nerve shredding and adrenaline inducing!If you dont want to part with £40 but wanna see the game in full I have a full walk-through on my youtube channel Dudey Rhino!https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLTCWQh7XeS3Ffl7tdj5nUxc4krEPTNtFx<<  full playlist there"
76561198164083199,Recommended,418370,29473092,Posted: 24 January,all,IP,im spooked
,Recommended,418370,29476911,Posted: 24 January,all,Respect Mah Neck,This is Resident Evil. Classsic RE puzzles and environments are back in the best way and the atmosphere is top notch. Feels like the best of RE1 and RE4 had a baby while Alien: Isolation watched. Already can't wait to replay in Madhouse Mode. Runs great on my GTX980 with i7-6700 with no problems (Max Settings at 60fps).Edit: Some frame drops while moving between areas but no issues during gameplay.
,Recommended,418370,29482095,Posted: 25 January,all,JayRob,"Fantastic return to form for the series.  Great atmosphere and solid gameplay.  Pleasantly surprised by how few jumpscares there were, much more focused on a slow pace.  Could've done with being a touch longer, I finished it in about 9 hours on Normal.  Looking forward to seeing where the series goes from here.Spoilers:Found the ultimate antagonist disappointing.  Little girls just aren't scary anymore (if they ever were.)  Would've prefered something more primeval, seems like it would've suited the story better."
,Recommended,418370,30250832,Posted: 28 February,all,Norsepearl,"When I first tried the demo for this game I was cautiously optimistic... and after finishing the game I can say I was happily surprised.This game takes a different approach than RE6, heck, most of the games in the series. It's first person horror, with stealth and action elements, with a focus on the latter towards the later parts of the game. The story is okay, nothing new that we haven't seen before, but it's executed nicely. The gameplay is solid, and even I who haven't played shooters the last years didn't have problems. Heck, I might even attempt this on madhouse mode after I attempt a speedrun.The graphics are lovely, the game ran smoothly with no issues. It wasn't too hard to figure out where to go etc. I played it on easy, and it was really really easy. Dying only occured due to my own stupidity, and not because of difficulty levels.The collectibles can be easy to oversee sometimes, and the achieves are okay enough, with nothing impossible so far from what I can see.As for negatives, it's hard to think of any right now. Perhaps more puzzles, and some actually difficult ones? All the puzzles were rather easy (I was briefly stuck on the Happy Birthday tape, I'll admit). I still haven't played the DLCs so I might come back and update my review.This is a game that people who love horror games should get, and I foresee many replays of this game like some of its precessors."
,Recommended,418370,30251808,Posted: 28 February,all,WaffenKrieg,One of the best games I've ever played hands down.
,Recommended,418370,30070915,Posted: 20 February,all,L,"This game taught me that if your wife leaves mysteriously and starts calling another man ""Daddy"" don't try to find her and find a new wife."
,Recommended,418370,29512913,Posted: 26 January,all,theipodtouch218,this is for all resident evil fansif you enjoyed  RE1 you will enjoy thisif you enjoyed RE4 you will enjoy thisthis game on its OWN is a great gamethis game is NOT an action game like RE5 and RE6it is a true SURVIVAL HORROR!please buy this game!!!8.5/10 cool points
76561198309617442,Recommended,418370,30252885,Posted: 28 February,all,Fireborn,Fantastic game and a perfect example of survival horror. 10/10 Good job Capcom!
,Recommended,418370,30249484,Posted: 28 February,all,drixkarasu,"It feels like a classic Resident Evil, but in first person.Totally worth it."
76561198072113281,Recommended,418370,29679035,Posted: 3 February,all,CapsLockRAGE,"I grew up on resident evil. When I bought my first playstation ( I was 14 at the time ) I think, one of the first games I played was resident evil 1. I played the hell out of that game. I searched every nook and cranny, memorized all the enemy locations, how to fight the bosses, items, you name it. I had everything down in that game perfect. When resident evil 2 was anounced I was stoked and continued this trend all the way through resident evil 6. I own every resident evil game that came out after ( Even Gaiden for the GBC and RE2 forGame.com)It's no small stretch to say that Resident evil shaped me into the gamer I became years later.I wont make any excuses for it. Resident evil 5 and 6 were okay at best. And when I heard this game was going to be some kind of first person outlast style game, I was appalled.Capcom proved me very, very wrong.Since RE4 I have wanted for Capcom to take the series back to it's horror roots. The remake of resident evil 1 and RE:0 came close, but this, oh this game is a treasure.From begining to end you can feel the suspense and the horror that Ethan goes though. The enemies feel delightfully resident evil. ( I'd have liked to see Zombies, but the molded are still pretty cool) The action and controls handle fairly smoothly, though you can tell they weren't designed for keyboard and mouse ( I still refused to play it with a controller) and the puzzles feel just like you'd expect from a resident evil game. The only negative things I can really say about this was that they didn't say ""RESIDENT EVIL!"" at the begining when I pressed start, and something silly with your foot that you'll see early game.All in all, this was the perfect step back into the roots of resident evil. It's no longer the third person game I loved as a kid, but it's still got all the things that make it the defining franchise in horror games."
,Recommended,418370,29490118,Posted: 25 January,all,[Twitch.tv/JLoaf],"This game will teach you to let go missing people and not giving a♥♥♥♥♥♥if you heard of them after. Otherwise, I should admit that the protagonist is brave af, I would have stay at the table and smoke 25 cigarette back to back hoping I won't♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants. Have any question ? ask me, I've done this game 100% all achievement, even my own personnal challenge (Pistol only, etc..)"
76561198206130920,Recommended,418370,29954735,Posted: 15 February,all,BoBthatRosS,"I was hesitant, but my love for survival horror got the best of me.I'M SURE AS HELL IM GLAD IT DID!!!!There are gripes.....but not bad enough to list i think.10/10 Actually made me feel nervous and scared when I should have! :D"
,Recommended,418370,31010453,Posted: 7 April,all,Apple Bloom,"Was it as good as I thought it was gonna be? No, not really, but definitely is one of my favourite RE gamesI'd like more variety in enemies, and I also hopped for it to be longer, but not complaining too much since, while short, it was very enjoyable (besides a few performance defects that at least I can easily ignore since they only happen in one part of the game)In the end, I can say that you shouldn't go full price with the game if you're not the kind of person that goes for 100%,  else, I'd say it's woth it"
,Recommended,418370,29720306,Posted: 5 February,all,=GSG=StarBound,"It's not outlast, it's Resident Evil!Contrary to its demo and first media footage the game shares more ties to its resident evil roots than the jump scares that other survival horror games aims for. The entire presentation focuses on creating the atmosphere that leaves you on guard nearly the entire way through the game.Ammo is a rarety and enemies can be skipped. It is better to avoid fights when possible but when you are forced into a fight it is up to you to weigh in how much your health or ammo takes priority at that moment. The puzzles and keys are a throwback to the original games match keys with engravings to doors with the same symbols. The second half unfortunately is a bit more action focused but its not bad that the game ends in that fashion as you finally get a chance to spread your wings with your stockpile.Visually the game has dark and and brown pallette but in its use it creates a world that feels real. 21:9 resolutions are supported however 16:9 is the only displayed area. Since over half the time you will be walking around with a flashlight the focus will be centered on your screen. The game does support uncapped frame rates meaning you will have a very smooth experience.In summery, the game is almost like RE1 if it was made with a first person view."
,Recommended,418370,30366965,Posted: 6 March,all,metal gear ray sipe 💀,hot
,Recommended,418370,30350267,Posted: 5 March,all,KUSHANUGGY,Very solid game. Nice to see the series return to its roots.Enjoyed every minute
76561198204048284,Recommended,418370,30307110,Posted: 3 March,all,Re Re Rodregez,yes. Its good
,Recommended,418370,29474192,Posted: 24 January,all,Poobaloobadoob,"This is a great first-person interpretation of RE 1-3. You're no longer a superhero, able to punch giant boulders into the lava, or fighting to save the world. It's a snapshot of a (seemingly) regular guy, who has one goal: Find his wife.It's truly a great game to start off the year, and an even better Resident Evil game than the past spin-offs and main installments."
76561198316110245,Recommended,418370,29475104,Posted: 24 January,all,thousandyardstare84,"I remeber playing the first Resident Evil as a kid and it scaring the crap out of me. I'm so glad to say this one brings all those feelings back. I could not be more happy with this game. I think the move to first person really adds to the atmosphere and overewhelming dread this game does such a good job of making you feel. Id say, hands down the best RE I've ever played."
,Recommended,418370,29477897,Posted: 24 January,all,sdx,That was ♥♥♥♥ing good.
76561198047525647,Recommended,418370,29517094,Posted: 27 January,all,Optimist Prime,Good fun & scare however it is too short for a $80 plus price tag...
,Recommended,418370,29519260,Posted: 27 January,all,c™,"Quick Review:Pros:Amazing AtmosphereGood balance of Horror and ActionVery good mix of new and old school feel (back to Resident Evil 1)First person Worked really wellCons:Story was way too shortStory pacing seemed too fast towards the endI would recommend this gameSome ExplanationI have a lot of mixed feelings about this game. I have played every Resident Evil game and I am the kind of fan who heavily enjoyed the First 3 and personally despised 4,5, and 6.  Resident Evil 7 to me brought back that balance of horror and action that I loved when I played the first 3 Resident Evil games.Where as Resident Evil 4,5 and 6 didn't really scare me and felt more like a pure sci fi action game. Resident Evil 7 really amped up the horror in this game, I really questioned how they would implement a first person view in this but it really did well as I was always on the edge of my seat through every turn. However it really kept the action part of the equation as well giving you that horror feel of an anmesia or alien isolation and gave you the power to fight back with it.All in all, the game design and atmosphere is amazing, it has the puzzles and feel of an old resident evil game and I can say I am very happy playing this game for that.However I have to say I am very dissapointed in a lot of things story wise with the ending and the pace of the game. This is most likely just my personal preference but I am not going to say anything about it for spoiler reasons.I will say however the game was way too short. I enjoy these games by exploring and soaking in the atmosphere as if I am the character so by no means did I rush through this but I finished the game at8 hours.play time.Overall I can say the game was good and I would recommend it to any Resident Evil Fan or horror fan."
76561197967815614,Recommended,418370,29672454,Posted: 3 February,all,JuanTriquePonie,"This is by far, the best family dinner simulator in the world.10/10 would eat supper with the Bakers again."
76561198058123431,Recommended,418370,29603085,Posted: 31 January,all,Filthy Little Pig Man,"Overall I think this is a great game. The positives way out number the negatives and it feels like like a lot of time and effort went into making this game. It wonderfully blends elements from modern and classical horror games to create something that feels unique. It has all of the terror and suspense of modern games like Amnesia and Alien: Isolation, but also the camp and novelty of the original resident evil games. The game doesn't always take itself so seriously but when it needs to be serious, it is. There are plenty of disturbing and graphic moments spread through-out the game that have a real weight to them. Although this game does have FPS components, it is a horror game first and foremost. The only part I was not so fond of was the las 2~3 hours. The game becomes very linear and shooty bang-bang as you mow down the generic black goop monsters with a fully automatic machine-gun. It feelis like a completely different game and lacks the creativity and charm of the first 3/4 of the game.This is a breath of fresh air for the franchise and a must have for fans of the original games and general fans of good horror.+ It ran really well on my PC, although I do have a 1080, which is why I havent added it to the main review, as I understand some people are having problems with stuttering and vram leaks. But it feels good to finally have a AAA game be released on PC that isn't a horrible ♥♥♥♥♥♥ mess ( for me atleast ). I hope eventually we can all get the game to work properly and enjoy it, so if you're having problems with this game, I wish you luck."
76561197986429918,Recommended,418370,29490662,Posted: 25 January,all,Necromorph,"Really good game so far. Much better than the recent resident evil games. Finally a survival-horror game again instead of a shooter with some ""horror"" elements."
76561198131203995,Recommended,418370,29492679,Posted: 25 January,all,OyJosuke,This game has it creepy elements and brings an old charecter back. Certainly heart crashing and exciting story. The bosses and puzzles werent so difficult but still fun. Soon there will be a free dlc so I cant wait.
,Recommended,418370,29774190,Posted: 7 February,all,The Big Red 1,having played biohazard 6 on the xbox 360 (it was a very bad game to say the least) i was shocked that capcom did a surprisingly good job with this game. it reminds me of the first biohazard game but without the dumb wonky camera controls and its scary as hell. for instance even when all the enemies are killed you still get that gut feeling that someone or something is still watching/stalking you waiting to kill you just like Doom 3. havent had this much fun since playing biohazard 4.
76561198297143801,Recommended,418370,29591783,Posted: 30 January,all,JattDaBlood69,NUMBER 1 GAME 2017. BEST SCARY.. Im scared guy
,Recommended,418370,29593652,Posted: 30 January,all,Ruben Vargas,"Second best RE game in my book, and I grew up playing clasical survival horror games. Maybe is the nostalgia but RE: 2 was the best for me. Sad silent hills never exist, but this filled up my classical horror games void, hope they make 8 soon!"
,Recommended,418370,30062819,Posted: 20 February,all,hankel,too spoopy but vv good
76561198048387678,Recommended,418370,29465887,Posted: 24 January,all,Man Cheetah,I did it. It is good.
,Recommended,418370,29484769,Posted: 25 January,all,LightninDash,"It felt like forever since we've gotten a new Resident Evil game. But really, it's only been a little under 2 years. What we got before was an attempt to ""return"" the ""horror"" aspects that the series is will known for and we sorta got it. Many people seem to agree Revelations 2 wasn't quite up to those ""Standards"" but I'm here to ask you a question:""What standards are we talking about that makes a Resident Evil game, a RESIDENT EVIL game ?""Think about that question for awhile, seriously look at the series as a whole before and after, what it's evolved to and what it currently is. Is it because of the Zombies? The atmosphere? The horror? Is it because it's scary? Honestly, Yes and No. That answer depends on the person. But there are elements that make Resident Evil 7 the best ""Resident Evil"" game since Resident Evil 4.Elements that seem familiar yet different. Herbs are here, Inventory management, Survival horror, a large house, creepy atmosphere and limited resources. Definitely sounds like Resident Evil. And I'm here to tell you: It is. Resident Evil 7 is a welcome addition or ""Return"" to the series.The graphics are beyond stunning. It feels like we are in a fully expellable 3D version of those amazing 2D backgrounds used in Resident Evil Remaster from 2002. We have come along way. There currently seems to be some graphical errors though mostly with the shadowing that I'm sure a patch would fix it. Textures seem a tad on the lower side when looked up close which is noticeable because you're mostly in tight hallways. The small details and touches really make this game and Capcom got it down almost to an art but it's nothing we haven't seen in recent years. Still, it's one beautiful looking game and the PC version has tons of Graphical options to tinker to your liking even if currently 21:9 mode isn't supported.You know what else currently isn't supported on the PC version? VR. That's right, VR is a Playstation exclusive and I've got to say, that is a real damn shame. The biggest reason to jump the gun to VR is that AAA game and this would've been a must have if VR Support came to the PC version to use with the HTC Vive or Oculus. That doesn't seem to be Capcoms or Sonys intentions as of now, but one can dream.Audio seems on point. Random nosies and ambient sounds give you the feeling that something is always stalking you. Music is done really well to add to the mood but there seems to be something wrong with how it's handled. Sometimes I experienced the Music stopping and repeating randomly. Didn't happened often but it caught me off guard.The plot it mind bending and unlike any other Resident Evil out there. Even after you seemed to have gathered all the clues and puts all the pieces of the puzzle together. You get a broken, blurry image. Even more so when you try to tie this in with the rest of the series. It doesn't seem to fit properly. Which is a good thing, it adds to the current mystery of the series.Gameplay, it's mostly fine for what it is. This time around it's a first person shooter. For those of you who don't know this,  This isn't the first Resident Evil game that has done this nor is it the first one in the main series to have done this. Resident Evil Survivor back at 2000 was the first, and for the main Series, Code veronica had a first person mode for battle with a cheat code to use it in the main game. Animations are solid but get in the way of wayy too many actions. For example you cannot interact with the environment while healing. And when taking damage, you have to wait for your character to finish their long♥♥♥♥♥animation of getting hurt while you take more damage and cannot get out of the way.But the biggest kicker for me is the running. You move so damn slow, while it may be enough to get away in many situations, other times they'll quickly catch up to you only for you to die or receive massive damage before you can go away and reload. This does add to the tension but I found most of my deaths was due to me running way too slow. I found it kinda annoying. Even more so there are moments where you sorta have to do Overwatch style quick movement when your character cannot do that. You are encouraged, no, demanded to use the guard, which helps in survivability but makes combat even more slow when you just wanna move on.All and all, we have a solid experience. But do I recommend this game? If you saw the Thumbs up above, that means overall yes. But not for $60. I'm sorry, I understand years of effort went into this game and it shows. But it's a Single player only. About 8 hour ride. Replayabilty is high but I think that doesn't warrant the price your expected to pay. There is tons of DLC coming which means technically the game isn't done. To some, that sounds like the biggest BS in the world. But here I think it's mostly fine to explain a lot more of the story which I'm hoping they do.If you wanted to play a Resident Evil game, I still highly recommend Resident Evil HD Remaster due to it being 3 times cheaper. But this one is definitely a welcome addition to the Resident Evil family. If you buy this, welcome to the family son! Resident Evil 7 greats you with open arms, teeth, and guts!"
76561198182827806,Recommended,418370,29528752,Posted: 27 January,all,Springytrap,"The moment I stepped into this game I knew we were back to basics, I've just finished my first run and this game is great, Two things bothered me though:1. Lack of Monster Variety2. Gameplay being slightly short.Overall 9/10, Its good to be home."
76561198057355709,Recommended,418370,29531621,Posted: 27 January,all,Mr. Anderson,Very good game. Like most people are saying its feels alot like the original.
,Recommended,418370,31157171,Posted: 15 April,all,Guilliman,I always thought that survivlal horrors would not be scary if you could fight back... turns out I was wrong!
76561198012906114,Recommended,418370,32786651,Posted: 25 June,all,Connor,"If I am being absolutely honest, this might just be the BEST Resident Evil that I've played since RE4. If you enjoy classic survival horror as it used to be, RE7 not only will give you a massive nostalgic trip, but will also blow you out of the water with new twists from its own mechanics. I cannot recommend it enough, save for a few warnings.PROS:+Excellent story+Smooth gameplay+Combat and stealth is balanced to where you can play how you like so long as you can manage the consequences+Utilizes its character, atmosphere, and mechanics to genuinely scare the player with very few cheap tricks+Elements like item management, picking battles, logic and item puzzles, and backtracking return with a challenging vengeance+Risk-reward system is enhanced by some items, namely the optional tapes, teaching you how to solve some puzzles+Tutorials are non-intrusive. You learn what you are supposed to do when a situation deliberately calls for it, or if you fail to figure it out earlier+Players will rarely feel cheated when they make a mistake, save for early on when they have to learn how combat and stealth worksCONS:-The game is short in true survival horror fashion, and puzzles/backtracking noticeably pad the game length.-There are at least two points in the game where a player can trap themselves by solving a puzzle earlier than they were intended to, forcing a restart.-You make one story choice in the late game that is playfully disregarded, having no true point or payoff, which intends to bait you into an already likely second playthrough.-Without any spoilers, the shocking ending goes unexplained aside from a DLC that has yet to come."
76561197983682353,Recommended,418370,32953514,Posted: 28 June,all,einsquared,"I'm completely okay with hiding forever and never moving away from my spawn point.Pros+ Jump scares in all the right places+ First person immersive experience+ Interesting characters+ Interesting way to give clues in old VHS tapes+ Amazing atmosphere+ Voice acting+ Intense chase action+ Easy inventory managementCons- Replayability- Story might be a little weird if you start asking questions- Save zones become obvious and kills off enemy chase, immersion destroyed- After the jump scare and possibly dying from whatever scripted event, it's not as scary- Specific one way things to do, no other way of fighting or defeating enemies or bosses- VR not available to pc verisonWorth?You ever thought about visiting a really old house by yourself to find your missing wife of 3 years? Yeah, me neither. But for 30 bucks, I'd be willing to be a part of the family too."
76561198041579842,Recommended,418370,29847449,Posted: 11 February,all,Questionablelord,"Despite the fact that I am terrible at this game, and died at least once during every major encounter, I thourougly enjoyed this game. No game has managed to capture the levels of immersion that this game has. I found myself sweating, shouting and jumping all throughout this game. I truly felt as though I wa a part of it. True, the game kind of lost its footing around the second half. But none the less I recomend this game to anyone and everyone who likes a good survival horror."
,Recommended,418370,29678860,Posted: 3 February,all,Soulltron,"Just awesome, I have no words to tell how happy I am to play a real Resident Evil. Completed in 11 hours but it seems it took many more. Worth every coin"
,Recommended,418370,29602616,Posted: 31 January,all,[787] serruben787,"It's back to the classic RE claustophobic style with this game. Only difference I can make with the older games, is that it is first person. Definitly needs more boss fights though, hoping that more of those will be added in new DLC. The story is good and will draw you right into the action. If you are afraid of this game not being a good Resident Evil, you shouldn't worry because our most beloved Survival-Horror franchise, is back in business.10/10"
76561198018683562,Recommended,418370,29471205,Posted: 24 January,all,Maduks,"So far absolutley amazing story, Terrifying intreguing. woudl highly reccomend!"
76561198220149681,Recommended,418370,29854204,Posted: 11 February,all,田口アレックス,This game is just full ofnopes.
,Recommended,418370,33155941,Posted: 2 July,all,Pyro-San,"Over the years, Resident Evil has gone from horror to more of a action focused game, this is undenialbe. But with the release of Resident Evil 7, the series has finally gotten the balance of the two it desperately needed as of recent.Unlike other Resident Evil games, this one is always in first person and while some die hard fans of the games that came out before this one may be a little miffed about it, I feel like it adds to the immersion of the character a lot more.And immersive this game is, every action is in first person and you can interact in situations where other horror games wouldn't allow you to. For example, in the early part of the game, you have you hand pinned to a wall by a screwdriver. The game will prompt you with a QTE where you try to screw the screwdriver out of your hand, but no matter what, you can't. You can try all you might, but either way, that hand is going to come off when the chainsaw comes out. You block it with your hand once you get it free, and the blood practically rains on you, and after its all over what can you do? You can pick up your severed hand and put it in your inventory.And for fans who want a bit of action in there, don't worry, you can have a cheesy-yet-awesome chainsaw fight with one of the big baddies of the game. Even before that you can drive a car around a garage and ram into him a bunch, why? Cause it's awesome thats why. It's small moments like these that make people remember the game even after they stopped playing it.Another thing the game has going for it is the absolutely amazing realistic graphics, the use of real photos as textures for the game made it a lot more scary when it seems so real. For people who worry about it hurting performance, fret not, for the game is optimized so that it runs good on almost all computers. Resident Evil 7's soundtrack is quite good as well and deserves a listen.Though, it does have some bad in it like all games do, for one being the small amounts of jumpscares there are, and some of them feel not scary at all and more like the original Evil Dead's cheesy close ups to the faces. Particuarlly with Mia when she turns in the beginning of the game, her close up does look gross and creepy, but her ""creepy laugh"" comes off more as a witch's laugh in a kid's halloween special.All in all though, Resident Evil 7 has breathed fresh air into a series thats been drug through the mud the past couple years and I have good faith that this will continue in future installments of it."
,Recommended,418370,29575107,Posted: 29 January,all,BlueBlaze,Back to the roots thanks for a great game to the series :D 10/10 would scare again.
,Recommended,418370,29505343,Posted: 26 January,all,Pro CopperTail,2spooky5meWhere's Skooks and the gang to solve this mystery?
76561198031492861,Recommended,418370,29595511,Posted: 30 January,all,DiLLaKiLLa,O M G ! what a game. Classic mix with this generation Horror style .. just amazing :) if you got the $ get it ! and the DLC's are soo AWESOME ! they are like mini FUN AZZ GAMES! i wish this game was CO-OP.  ^_o
76561198001098622,Recommended,418370,29596020,Posted: 30 January,all,Hess,"Resident Evil is back to it's classic best, minus the tank controls.To be honest i'm sure most of us can agree those need to stay gone.10/10"
76561198130028525,Recommended,418370,29596962,Posted: 30 January,all,Lui Fyre,"Best Resident Evil yet, brought Horror-Action games back. Great atmosphere , every character had diferent personalities , except the cop in the beginning  , hes stupid lol . He's black and was the first to die , pretty cliche lol. Everything made sense and added to the RE story. though I wonder what happened to Lucas..."
,Recommended,418370,29597231,Posted: 30 January,all,Jann Lee,GREAT GAME! I was worried to buy the game because i had already watched a playthrough on youtube. But i bought it anyways! It was WELL worth it! I've already played through the game twice and I can't wait to play more! The achievments make me want to push myself to get through the game in different ways. I can't wait for the DLC!
,Recommended,418370,29597853,Posted: 30 January,all,Khallighanm,"This is an amazing Horror game. Very fluid, diverse and immersive. The graphics are really good. The only thing that could frustrate a lot of people is the fact that this game has *almost* nothing to do with the Resident Evil lore. But that didn't bothered me. This game is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome! I recommend that you play it alone, in the dark and with headphones. For horror games, specially in the claustrophobic areas, immersion is really important."
,Recommended,418370,29598000,Posted: 30 January,all,DOOD,"Excellent, I wish more AAA titles had this much soul and effort put into them."
76561198077789171,Recommended,418370,29598290,Posted: 30 January,all,runeblade909,"This game is awesome, great mechanics, great map, very intersting story even though it is less than I thought it would be. When I played the demo there was alot to do in a small space that made up the game and it was very intresting and fun. However, The full game feels a bit lacking in the story from what I expected, the demo had a Blair witch vibe and the full game seems to lack a bit. You had to look in every nook and crany and it all felt like a tease of the story to come and it was exciting. I have not finished the game but the beggining is leaving me thinking, well, is this the whole game? I hope there is more to it."
,Recommended,418370,29598337,Posted: 30 January,all,zane,Take a boo Capcom!! outstanding first-person survival horror game!!cons.. the frequent trips to the store for new underwear
,Recommended,418370,32741204,Posted: 24 June,all,GT4tube😼,Just Scary Things
76561198134255796,Recommended,418370,32962854,Posted: 28 June,all,Hash Slinging Slasher,Me gusto.
,Recommended,418370,32989958,Posted: 29 June,all,Nezros,"Intense game, beautiful graphics; unfortunately it's a bit short and the DLC isn't very spectacular."
76561197976432950,Recommended,418370,33066892,Posted: 30 June,all,nighthawk,"Others have already said why this game is great.  Only thing I want to add is that this game will be for the newer generation what the original Resident Evil was for my generation (yes, I'm an old fart).  They wanted to get back to their roots and I believe they done it.I'm still mad I couldn't experience this on my Vive, but oh well."
,Recommended,418370,30049448,Posted: 19 February,all,Zach Ryder,"I gotta say, I myself was never really into horror games, but after seeing the trailer for this game, I decided to buy it and try it for myself. And I have to say, i have never been more interested in the story line of any horror game and been more interested in horror games in general. This game completely changed my perspective on the horror game community. From start to finish, I have been on edge more in this game than any other game. And I love that. I can't tell you enough that you need to get this game whether its on here, on PS4, or Xbox One. You will never forget the experience that is, Resident Evil VI."
,Recommended,418370,29506993,Posted: 26 January,all,TheAmberNectar,If you like the original Resident Evils and like changing your boxers every 2 minutes GET THIS GAME!!!
76561197993705260,Recommended,418370,30065864,Posted: 20 February,all,myxa,"Great game with few exceptions-no free aspect ratio. (21:9). No excusive is good enough for that in 2017-fov is too low. FOV 90 doesn't feel like it (feels more like 80). We need AT LEAST 120.-price-BS with VR exclusivityThis game comes with option of unlocking refresh rate allowing you to run the game on 120-144 Hz which is amazing to see from Japanese developer. WOW! Mouse and keyboard controls are spot on without forced mouse acceleration -  WOW again!I have noticed that at the end of the game i just wanted it to end already. I feel like the game constantly jumps to different scenes/locations forcing you to start fresh (no inventory) which is very tiring and breaks the flow of ""inventory management game"".To me this game felt very similar to Silent Hill 2 and that's the best compliment it can get."
76561197962780971,Recommended,418370,30065719,Posted: 20 February,all,RallySTi,9.5/10 Finally a Resident Evil game worthy of its origin.... lost .5 for the serious lack of urgency in the charcters footwork
,Recommended,418370,29753478,Posted: 6 February,all,ERJ145,Flippin Insane!
,Recommended,418370,29473912,Posted: 24 January,all,Kid,"This is a game you need to experienceNo walkthrough will ever give the emotion that this game does. At first i was skeptical that it would turn out to be like the disasters of the 5th and 6th game, but i decided hey, why not the campaigns not too long and it seems like high replay. This game will change the way you look on horror by making creatures who are truely terrifying without having jumpscares, just the creature itself. I would say if you want one of the best horror games ever made buy this game"
,Recommended,418370,32741053,Posted: 24 June,all,Kb6muser🎃,"Amazing, very scary and tense game.The controls are really good, not buggy at all.The graphics are really amazing, probably one of the best I've seen, game can run at about ultra or high settings.Beaten the game withen 7 hours, can't wait for the ""Not a Hero"" DLC to come, I might even buy the Banned Footage DLC as well.Although this is my first time playing a RE game, it was a pretty amazing experience, some parts were pretty tough first time, but 2nd time you go through that experience then you'll start to get what to do.I'm giving this game a 10/10 Really worth buying."
,Recommended,418370,33168433,Posted: 2 July,all,DarkLyght,"Really creepy, brings the series back to it's horror roots verse recent more action movie"
,Recommended,418370,31628713,Posted: 8 May,all,r4kasha,Finally Resident Evil is back to the very definition of Survival Horror..Nice game and thanks for listening to your fans... T_T
76561198135421095,Recommended,418370,29533620,Posted: 27 January,all,Ser Jacob,"After the debacle that was RE5 & RE6 i wasnt sure capom could redeem the series, but im here to tell you RE7 is the best the series has been since the first 3. its got everything a RE game needs: intense atmosphere, scarce ammunition, puzzles blocking map progression....and perhaps best of all; no zombies with firearms ( looking at you RE4-6 )Resident Evil is back baby!"
76561198053167193,Recommended,418370,29464750,Posted: 24 January,all,HoboMcHerbington,"Welcome to the family son! This game is not a scary as OutLast but it is very atmospheric in a good way. The baker family is a very interesting enemy to fight, their house is full of story and is very fun to explore and find weapons to fight them off. So far Grandma Baker is the nicest character, she is sweet, caring, and she looks dead in side, she has yet to offer me cookies but I still have hope she will."
76561198052346198,Recommended,418370,29533505,Posted: 27 January,all,Larry with the Weather Report,My favorite game this year. I hope Resident Evil 2's remake would also be in first person.
76561198146859574,Recommended,418370,29799895,Posted: 9 February,all,hero-of-prime,"When this game was first shown off I didn't know how to feel. The move to first person is kinda of a huge step for a series that has always been third person. Plus the general atmosphere of the game with all the in your face gore horror is a lot different from the more subtle atmosphere of the other games. But having played through it I can say I really am happy the series is back to its roots. The limited supplies given to you, slow movement and  a slightly awkward control scheme. Backtracking for key items, puzzles and key specific doors. With a few interesting additions to change things up. I will say that for the first 3/4ths of the game are amazing. But honestly once you start getting near the end things kinda start to fall apart. But despite that I still think that this is an awesome game."
76561198069552765,Recommended,418370,31593985,Posted: 6 May,all,-=CrasHNBurN=-,"♥♥♥♥ing terrified most of the time playing this game. My wife, who is normally in the other room while I game could hear me whimper at times...balloonknotpuckering score - 8-10"
,Recommended,418370,31148547,Posted: 14 April,all,momowaff,good game
,Recommended,418370,31342191,Posted: 24 April,all,D;ewdben,"A nice break from the modern horror game trope where you are left completely defenseless. Having guns made the game something you can actually play through without being too spooked, while still maintaining a sufficient amount of spook to keep the atmosphere going.Even if you don't know previous RE storylines, you should be able to enjoy this story on its own. It plays around common horror settings and knows to switch between different types of horror to keep your intrigue and avoid being monotonous. I expected running away from hillbillies in a small house, but the game managed to deliver a much broader experience than that.The game doesn't hold your hand all too much, but it still manages to be both easy and hard at the same time. The puzzles featured in it make you think and the combat isn't just straightforward run-and-gun.Gameplay wasn't flawless, but the story, characters, puzzles and general exploration made up for it immensely."
,Recommended,418370,29568261,Posted: 29 January,all,CS Hasuki,"Long time Resident evil fan, 1,2 & code veronica being my favourites, I'm happy to say this is a return to form for the resi evil capcom team.The most obvious change is the new first person camera, following horror games like amnesia, alien isolation and outlast.The game looks photo realistic in parts but with some blemishes, overall though the game looks really well.There are a few set pieces and scripted events which are predictible but the game moves along nicely for the most part.The shooting is good, you have the usual Resident evil puzzles, item inventory, combining items, everything resident evil fans will know well.Once you are an hour or 2 in, you will forget about the first person camera and you feel the familiar feel of a resident evil game.Couple of flaws in the game for me would firstly be the length of the game, it could have been longer. It took me about 10 hours to complete, which sounds reasonable, but that was me really taking my time and looking around.Some reviewers mentioned the game went flat near the end, I disagree, I thought the game came into it's own near the end and really wanted to play more. So a good sign I was :( when I seen the credits.Main other flaw for me is the difficulty, I died plenty of times alright but mostly in boss battles and not being sure what I was supposed to do. The main game wasn't easy but I think on normal difficulty it gives you too much guns/ammo.I had every weapon and loads of ammo at the end which I didn't need. MADHOUSE difficulty which you unlock upon completion of the game is supposed to be insanely hard, so I think the game is missing a hard mode difficulty, maybe it will be patched in.Overall I would love to give the game a 10/10 as I'm such a fan of the series, but being objective the game has flaws no doubt. If you are a fan of resident evil this should be a day one buy, best one in a LONG time.If you don't know anything about Resident Evil then:Graphics : 9/10Sound: 9/10Replay value : 6/10Gameplay : 8/10Overall : 8/10"
,Recommended,418370,31071443,Posted: 10 April,all,Natalie,"Alright, let me be honest. At first I pirated the game. But when I played all the way through. I actually enjoyed it. So I decided to buy this game. But to make up for pirating the game, I bought the Deluxe Edition.I highly recommend this game. It's short, but sweet.To me it is worth the money, and worth the time playing it over and over again."
76561197996841685,Recommended,418370,29547227,Posted: 28 January,all,gc_dude,"Very good, very Resident Evil-y. Definitley more like 1,2 and 3 than the later ones but it still has a uniqueness to it that works in its favour. Took me around 7 1/2 hours to get through so I'd say it's a decent slice, length-wise.(MINOR SPOILER BELOW)One critisism I have is 'The Molded' enemies. In contrast to the family (Especially Jack aka ""Daddy"", He's great) they seem pretty bland, all black sludge monsters. Creepy-looking, yes but all the same not too interesting. In a strange sort of way I feel zombies would've been more interesting (as far as design variation goes) or hell, even having all the molded being unique ""Family members"" just trying to ruin your day with houshold items like Jack does, but maybe that'd take the spotlight away from Jack.Regardless, its a great game, go get it."
,Recommended,418370,31499991,Posted: 1 May,all,Lovethrust,"This game is a masterpiece.The story is amazing, the gunplay is fun and the pacing is just right.It turns into a bit of a shooter rather soon, but i still had to actively force myself to be slow and methodical as to not panic and waste all my ammo whenever i got jumped, wich happens alot.In addition to that, the game does have a good amount of no-weapon segments sprinkled throughout wich were all pretty fun, interresting and sometimes terrifying.The Bakers are a varied bunch of super enemies with colorful flavors to their madness and the default enemy is made up of several varieties of black mold monsters that are slow but have a pretty decent AI to make it tough on you. Aside from the whole ''what's a doorknob'' deal.All in all a fun game that will keep you on edge, won't make you feel too helpless due to the presence of guns, has satisfying fights and interresting puzzles, and will leave you in the afterglow of an amazing story well told."
,Recommended,418370,30686529,Posted: 23 March,all,Jason,"I really enjoyed this game, it really does feel like the old games in the seriesjust with a first person view. get it if you like Resident Evil, you won't be disapointed,I wasn't"
76561197991210310,Recommended,418370,29487275,Posted: 25 January,all,Ants 38,"This game is the  best resident evil since resident evil nemesis!Its the first game since nemesis that actually feels like a resident game should feel.Everything that made the early games 1,2 and 3 nemesis so good are back in this game.The graphics are really nice and the atmosphere feels spot on.If your a fan of the early games you will love this and if you've never been a fan you will still love this game.10/10 for me!"
,Recommended,418370,29466812,Posted: 24 January,all,Shpreng,"I like this game very much! This is an inovation in Resident Evil series. First person view is very attractive and I would like to see it in future parts. Atmosphere is on the high level and design of the house and all in game locations is very beatifull, detailed and frightening. Also, design of monsters is amazing (neutral black color of creatures is very suitable for them and no one will say that they are funny. Minimalism is playing an important role).Many people dissatisfied with the fact, that there are few types of monsters in the game. So, for the future, let the designers make more sketches for new one (dogs, tentacles, or semi-humans and others). But now, I am happy with all content that developers presented in the game, because it's not easy to come up with a huge number of creatures that will fit with the disign of the whole game.Another one request is related to the last part of the game. I think it will be better if next Resident Evil game will be same as the beginning and midlepart of Biohazard (hard, measured and full of puzzles, secrets). Developers can diversify it with such moments as at the last part of the game, but do not make them too long. My favorite character is Jack, because, he is brutal, screams out funny phrases, has cool design and its horribly when he catches up to you. I would like to see similar characters in the next part of the Resident evil.The game was finished at Wednesday 02.08.2017. Biohazard is my favourite Resident Evil part.Thank you for the good game, Capcom! It was an amazing experience."
,Recommended,418370,29747441,Posted: 6 February,all,PixelDaddy,"9.5/10I'm shocked! I didn't really have many expectations coming into this game. I avoided the demo and any gameplay videos. I wanted to start the game with a completely fresh view.I thought there was a good chance I'd enjoy it, I enjoy most resident evil games (although I prefer the first four). What I wasn't expecting was for capcom to COMPLETELY NAIL IT! It's my favourite resident evil game since resident evil 1 and I don't take those words lightly. There were even points, say around 2-3 hours around the middle of the game where I was certain I was playing the best horror game I'd ever played. Not everyone is going to feel the same way of course and it's not a perfect game but I understand now a lot of the praise it's been getting. Before I go on to the good & bad points, a few bits of advice. Before you start and you're doing your settings make sure to adjust the resolution scaling, it's set to 0.8 by default which makes it look pretty poor - I had it set to 1.4 but 1.0 should be good enough. Lastly I would recommend not hacking the FOV to go above 90. I understand 90 seems low for a lot of folk but I found it was clearly a design decision and really helps with the tension and gives a hint of that old school gameplay/controls despite being 1st person.The Good+Excellent direction (Overall pacing and art direction)+Great main characters (Baker family)+Very immersive and atmospheric+Mostly great graphics and effects+Very cinematic in the real sense (it feels at points like you are in Evil Dead/Texas chainsaw massacre+Despite all it's modern trappings it still gives you that old resident evil feeling - it totally respects and pays homage to the originals.+ Good performance. Played all settings full (resolution 1.4 though not 2.0) at 1440p on a 980ti stayed at 50-60fps.The Bad- The last around 20% of the game doesn't quite hit the same high points as the rest of the game (it's not bad though) this is mostly in reference to the story.- Sadly there are some small areas of the game (like certain paths/bushes/gates/walls) that are much lower in quality visually, very bland with low textures. It's not very often at all probably around 5% of the game world at most but because the rest is such high quality it does stick out.- The in-game music isn't very remarkable, definitely not bad and at points like the safe room music it's rather good but overall it's just a bit average.- Lastly, although I don't have a problem with the main enemy (not the bakers) 'the molded' it's a shame there wasn't more variety - especially after you leave the bakers residence area.Please more capcom, hell yeah!"
,Recommended,418370,29473789,Posted: 24 January,all,STOOP__KiD,"Stop wasting your time reading reviews, just go play it...You will not be disappointed!"
76561198144330896,Recommended,418370,29560022,Posted: 29 January,all,darknight623,best horror game in a while. just need it on pc vr
,Recommended,418370,31759981,Posted: 14 May,all,Colossusbird,"A great first person horror game based in the Resident Evil (RE) universe, and the variety in the late game with items and special perks makes the second or third run through even more fun, i really reccomend getting this game for any Resident Evil fan or any outlast/First Person Horror fans."
,Recommended,418370,33653079,Posted: 19 July,all,GeneralFurby,"A return to form for the Resident Evil franchise. Not a zombie in sight, and all the better for it.This is a first-person horror game that borrows heavily from earlier entries in the series - solve puzzles, fetch keys to unlock earlier areas, punishing boss fights, scavenging herbs from cupboards etc. There's also a lot of stealth and hiding as you attempt to escape the freaky Baker family.It's hard to comment too much without spoiling the story which really does need to be experienced, but if you enjoy freaky monsters, spooky children, and things that go bump in the night, this is certainly the game for you.Thoroughly enjoyed the game, and highly recommend it to everyone who is a fan of the series, the genre, or just looking for something engaging to play."
76561197998021039,Recommended,418370,29619205,Posted: 31 January,all,[YOGGIEBOI] kezmate,"I would give this game an I $4!# my pants/10.Masterfully crafted, beautifully detailed horror at it's best. Clever puzzles and a gripping storyline make it worth having my ear drums blown out by my friend's screaming.Well done capcom you magnificent ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s."
,Recommended,418370,30177707,Posted: 25 February,all,Sleepy *OFFLINE 21 WEEKS*,"Resident Evil, it's back! And not another pushover Capcom action packed game with the RE title slapped on it! Yes, it is first person and takes a minute to adjust to, being used to the typical 3rd person view of the previous games. Your first 30 minutes will be absolutely sinister, and you might even be hesitant at certain moments. The beauty of this game is it truly feels like a survival-horror. You will NEVER feel safe.... well maybe one moment you will ;) . The puzzles have made a comeback as well, and a few might have you pulling up a guide.The only aspect of this game I'm not thrilled about, the last 1/3 of the game feels a bit rushed/sloppy. You might not feel that way, but I won't say anything so anyone reading can keep an open mind. But I cannot complain, and highly recommend this to anyone who's a fan of the series, or survival-horror games in general. Plus, we have free DLC coming up adding to the main story!8/10 - 10.5 hour play through on Normal"
76561198054419270,Recommended,418370,30412076,Posted: 9 March,all,Duality10,Amazing game! I haven't felt the need to buy a Resident Evil game twice since Raccoon City (for PS4 & Steam) but this was so very worth it! I love the feel to the game it's a great horror with the Resident evil feel to it. I recommend this game to everyone who love scary games that are open to a change yes it's different to the older games but i think thats what makes it great!
,Recommended,418370,34320712,Posted: 17 August,all,Katatonia,"POTENTIAL SPOILER ALERTThis game is BY FAR the best Horror game i've ever played.. never did i get scared  more than once to any other horror game. the first outlast game scared me once, including the DLC.. this game scared me countless times, so many jump scares and creepy environments... to many OH SH OH SH OH SH#$# moments... amazing.Here is where the potential spoiler's are:This game isn't like other resident evils with a main story line that follows the theme similar to the movies.. it's more of a in the back secret operation gone wrong that they couldn't fix... and then you're thrown blindly into that situation trying to save your wife.The gameplay isn't get to point A then go to point B then point C and you're done. this game you can do things a little differently to create a different types of immersive gameplays, only sad part is there are only 2 endings.10/10"
76561198103754607,Recommended,418370,34384373,Posted: 20 August,all,DTM,"Replayability is somewhat low but not horrible.The first playthrough was one of the best experiences I've had with a game in a long time, they added some refreshing elements that worked extremely well with the visceral first-person perspective, and it kept me on the edge of my seat the whole way through. It's challenging enough to the point where you don't get bored easily, but not extremely difficult to the point where you just want to say ""f*** it, I quit"".First time in a while I've actually been afraid to advance through a game.8.5/10"
76561198097419302,Recommended,418370,34010167,Posted: 4 August,all,Count,"I don't care what anyone says, this is the best Resident Evil game since 4. I've played through it at least 4 times and love every second of it. The only complaint I have is the season pass. It's not worth the money for the content. That content should have been included with the base game.8.5/10"
76561198079886924,Recommended,418370,33915606,Posted: 30 July,all,Fabisch Factor,"Almost plays more like an interactive movie instead of a video game but either way it's GREAT!As long as you don't suck, you'll have enough ammo to get through the whole game.It's a very difficult game but in that good way.It's a very scary game in that way the best movies are scary.  Just simple stuff like coming across a set of stairs going a long way down to a closed door... and that sense of dread about whatever is down there.This game is what survival horror is supposed to be.Just curious if the next Resident Evil game will be like this."
,Recommended,418370,33664008,Posted: 19 July,all,.gring.,"There are potential issues with the DRM Denuvo that you may or may not deal with.  I was locked out an entire day because it couldn't find their server.  If you hate DRM I would suggest using caution when buying this game, I personally didn't notice it until it was too late.  Here is more info to why Denuvo is so bad.https://whyisdenuvobad.github.io/But if that's no big deal to you or you just accept that DRM is mostly ""here to stay"", then prepare for a great experience.  The best way I could explain this game is if the first Resident Evil had a baby with Outlast.  It has plenty of the traditional mechanics that make it a Resident Evil game, so don't worry too much if Outlast never appealed to you because it doesn't to me either.  They mostly take the things that work in those two games and bring it together in a great and complete way.  Not only did they do a great job with the art style and feel but they knocked it out of the park with the super satisfying boss encounters and well crafted characters and story.Though it isn't ""perfect"", having the occational not-so-great moments, this is easily one of my favorite games to come out this year.  It's pretty hard to imagine someone not having a good time with this, unless of course they just don't like horror.  Highly recommended (if you can suck up dealing with crappy DRM), there is even potential to enjoy extra playthroughs getting all the unlocks."
,Recommended,418370,34382205,Posted: 20 August,all,Artsu,Very evil residents
,Recommended,418370,29477781,Posted: 24 January,all,Chaz,"Well greetings fellow ZOMBIE Hunters and ZOMBIE Bait alike. Tonight (Or depending on the time when you read this) We're here to talk to you about a ZOMBIE Classic taken to EXTREMES! Yes that's right, The World Of Resident Evil. RE7 in fact!http://store.steampowered.com/app/418370/http://steamcommunity.com/groups/deadislandriptideonline/discussions/70/http://steamcommunity.com/id/chaz373/screenshots/?appid=418370This game has to be by far one of the scariest games out there. The hair on the back of your neck, the top of your head, HELL EVEN the hair of your BALLS will FKNG twitch after being stalked by a hillbilly on super steroids!Not to mention a monster straight out of hell and dark as SHT will hunt you down and swallow the soul right out of you.If you're wondering what to buy for your birthday, Christmas, Valentines day, or hell just because day, This is the game to get. Waiting for sales? Well then you will be too late, your friends will be scared to hell and you won't be along for the ride. What you will experience is internet blues.Some fatty McCracking slim jim will post up all kinds of images and or video or invite you and a clan of non gaming dorks left out in the cold to come watch twitch TV to drain your life from out your eyes and suck all the enthusiasm for wanting this, right out from under you.SO don't fall for any tricks, GET THIS GAME NOW!(In Addition, Having played through this game it is by far one of thee Best Resident Evil survivor Horror games to date. With plot twists around every corner what leads to be something we all know and love!)This is ZOMBIE Central ,Signing off."
,Recommended,418370,29475808,Posted: 24 January,all,MorallyBankrupt,"So far, its ok. I've been playing since day 1 (29 Years old) for some reason I think Resident Evil 6 is better. I need Jill and Claire."
76561198016751051,Recommended,418370,31427249,Posted: 28 April,all,Clof Dawg,Rating:★★★★✰ (4/5)
76561197993994557,Recommended,418370,34314375,Posted: 17 August,all,Mazetar,"This game is EVERYTHING I ever wished for while waiting for the follow up after RE3.Solid gameplay, great story, kept the orignal lame dialogues and all the horrendus crap that we love from RE1-3.Loved the DLC's, currently working my way to 100% achivement whoring and love the process :)"
,Recommended,418370,34341462,Posted: 18 August,all,Archer,"i wrote this review  2 hours in.2 hours in and i love it i wouldnt pay full price i bought it on sale for $36  and it was worth the price you wont regret it.this is what i have to say about it now that i beat it.GREATEST RESIDENT EVIL GAME EVER MADE HANDS DOWN! dont hesitate to buy i was hesitating for a while looking at reviews online and now that i beat it im buying the dlcs and i cant wait to play those next you wont regret buying this game i want every resident evil game that will come out in the future to be just like this one. the story was amazing, it scared the hell out of me, game mechanics were amazing, and the graphics were amazing. my overall score 1000000000/10."
,Recommended,418370,34335599,Posted: 18 August,all,menace3916,"This is a masterpiece of survival horror. The atmosphere is oppresive and daunting, and the family is sadistic. If you do play it, it's best played at night with the lights turned off. ;)"
76561198070505235,Recommended,418370,29515306,Posted: 26 January,all,Resce,"A return to form for a series that was really losing its way. The most Resident Evil-y game since 3, with a focus on inventory management, scare resources, and arcane yet simple puzzles somehow built into a creepy, busted up mansion. This game is exactly what it promises to be."
,Recommended,418370,33211844,Posted: 3 July,all,Tonkinese,A real blast to play a great horror with great atmosphere and one hell of a cast of characters
76561198272516125,Recommended,418370,29486000,Posted: 25 January,all,TheIraqiMaestro,"I have been suffering from constipation for almost a year now. Seen various doctors , went for few colon scans and am on a gluten free and lactose free diet. But i still suffer from constipation. Until i played this game.This game made me♥♥♥♥♥♥in my pants."
76561197960937117,Recommended,418370,31324470,Posted: 23 April,all,Crackface,"Great game. Fantastic scary parts and good puzzles.  Could have done with being a bit longer but, hey, dlc...."
76561198080133377,Recommended,418370,29546647,Posted: 28 January,all,OhJayBee,"It's the first time a developer has used the phrase ""going back to the series roots"" and actually meant it. Resident Evil is finally back."
,Recommended,418370,29546570,Posted: 28 January,all,DertyGert,"Let me preface this review by disclosing the fact that I am a *relative* newcomer to the Resident Evil franchise, I say this because I have not played any of the games before RE4 save for the REmake on gamecube.I, Like many others, noticed a steady downward trend in quality from 4 onwards. I witnessed what could best be described as a series undergoing a serious case of identity crisis.Was it a horror game with action elements?An action game with horror elements?An interactive Micheal bay movie with a few jumpscares?No one knew, least of which capcom.Thats why It is so refreshing to see Resident Evil back to its roots. Do not let the first person perspective fool you, This is not P.T., this is not your average Early Access walking simulator. This is the closest we have come to a faithful, wholesome Reimagining of the first RE since the actual HD remake.First of all, the mansion itself, the location you will be spending roughly 70-80% of your time in. It is filled with tons of secrets, puzzles, and survival items hidden away in all of its revolting nooks and crannys. From the various pieces of lore scattered around to the hidden crafting components you would need to be hopped up on stimulents to catch (which thankfully, you are able to craft yourself). There is much to see and explore within the baker family residence.The Combat is remarkably weighty and satisfying. Everything from the standard pistol to the homemade flamethrower has a tactile and visual  effect on enemies. When you shoot an abominable humanoid bio weapon in its ""Head"" with a round of buckshot at point blank, it just feels good. So good in fact, that it might be working against the game in a way, at least in my own personal opinion. I was not dreading encounters with the Bakers, or various adversarial organisms, i was looking forward to them. I felt powerful and deadly with my arsenal, and at no point did i feel that I was mistaken with this perspective, even in the games boss battles which are, admittedly, the weakest part of the game.As for negatives in the game, by and large I was left wanting more after my 16 hour playthrough. I wanted more of the hefty, tense combat and the eerie unsettling atmosphere. I also found the experience, at least on hard difficulty, to be rather forgiving and generous on ammo and healing items. Lastly, I did find the way through the game to be fairly linear, at least, more so than RE1 Which I feel is what this game is very much trying to emulate.In the end though, despite these flaws, this is the best Mainline Resident Evil title to come out in a VERY long time and should appeal to those who have waited so long to experience such a title.TL,DR: A well crafted survival horror experience with solid gunplay, atmosphere and puzzle solving. A bit short and a little on the easy side, but nonetheless a quality product. A must buy for fans of the RE franchise.For others, I would reccomend buying on sale only because of its relativley short length and low replay value."
76561197971294475,Recommended,418370,29485753,Posted: 25 January,all,MEATLOAFMANFRIEDPANJAPANTANFAN,"Honestly after playing 8 hours of this game I would say it is worth your money! Resident evil really lives up to what capcom says ""bring it back to its roots"". Resident evil 7 emphasises on all of that to make this thrlling compelling game. There are some things left un answered like at the end when the man comes and saves you after you kill the final boss (you know what im talking about people who have finished the game) but this game really got to me, like it gave me goosebumps and I might replay the game because of how good it is!Do not listen to IGN the melee system was worked perfectly and cut out for an amazing experience! I would give it a 9.6/ 10Do get this game!"
76561198125707111,Recommended,418370,34492540,Posted: 25 August,all,mailmanmo,Old school evil.
76561198102442756,Recommended,418370,29514843,Posted: 26 January,all,Toastyman,Great game with an amazing atmosphere. it kept me going and never let down for a moment. About a good 10 hours to complete and it does not waste a single minute of it. The new spin on the game going for the first person instead of thired person works really well and the charaters/bosses in the game a scripte perfectly. But this Game. Rating is a 9.5/10
,Recommended,418370,29514643,Posted: 26 January,all,Big Boss,I guess they weren't lying when they said it's gonna be YUUUUUGGGEEE
76561198029783003,Recommended,418370,29529560,Posted: 27 January,all,mufeez666,"this game is probably the best game i played in a long time, the game is really well designed in every aspect, graphics is superior, well optimized for PC and glitch free, am running a GTX1080 and this game uses the card very well, the game has a mix of horror, smart puzzels, great combat system, and well thought out sequesne, controls and gameplay are perfect, wepon use and progression is devaloped perfectly, you really enjoy the game through out the story, i am really impressed of the delivary, its probably based on the engine that was meant for sielent hill, the game that got cancelled suddenly, it looks very similar to the demo that was released.I only played the first ever resident evil on PS1 and now this (yes am an old gamer) and this shares alot with the original game, well worth every dollar and would highly recommend this to any player looking for a perfectly excuted game.Thank you Capcom for making an excellent title to start with this year, please keep more contents coming."
,Recommended,418370,29710695,Posted: 4 February,all,Ex_mp4,"Time to review this damn gameFirst thing is, I am very pleased that Resident Evil 7 is come back to SURVIVAL HORROR , of course there is plus and minus[+]- The optimization is well done, not as good as DOOM, but good, a mid pc spec can run this game on medium low with 30fps- Story is great in my opinion, if somebody never play RE series, this  can be a good start,  new threat, new hero, there was some files that can be connected to previous RE,  story is not some kind of mumbo jumbo ghost or witch, it is pure of scientific things- Level Design is good ( this room is locked, you need to open with key/ open from the other side or you can find the connection between one room to the other or solved puzzle to get some weapon or item )-The violence thing in this game is... you know much more violence than in previous series- Lightning and sound is superb!!! it can adding more horror atmosphere like light through a window, wind through a small hole on the wall, sound of Ethan footstep can make really scary sometimes- You can combine item to make healing liquid, or make some ammo- A lot of fire arms you can collect or use- You are not to be forced to kill all enemy except boss ( see.. it's look like old RE isn't )- when you enter some room or ally you must have a sharp eyes, because the item is scattered on the top, middle or floor that you need to look down, up or crouch but there is item that can help you identified (sorry I've use this a lot )- When Ethan encounter with Jack is kind of random, and that makes some event not triggered ex: when Jack cut Ethan leg, in my second playthrough I'm not experience it- the feel of the fire arms when you use it is good, and even if you have all the weapon you will not feel Overpowered- when you play the video tape is not only you just watch, but you play the character on that tape it is a brilliant concept[-]- Enemy variety. You only have molded that have some claw/ move like lickers and some insect- Boss battle is not too memorable, doesn't have much of variety to kill the boss- Story is too linear there is not much option like re1 or 3- puzzle is not that hard, not like on the previous RE in my opinion, not is the class of Silent HillThat is my plus and minus in the game, but I still play it over and overMy suggest is if you die hard fans BUY IT!! if you just delusional fan boy that RE must be in 3rd person view or tank control, than stay awaybut if you new to the series buy it when on a discount, this game have a lot of DLC"
,Recommended,418370,34766394,Posted: 5 September,all,Elitesune,Highly recommended!
,Recommended,418370,33263440,Posted: 4 July,all,Arknive,"i grew up in the 90s. and play the resident evil franchise since the 1st one. so this is my advice.if you like RE 1 then you'll love RE Zero, RE 2, RE 3, RE CVif you like RE 4 then you'll love RE 5 & 6if you want both playing style of (the classic) Resident Evil  1 & (the modern) Resident Evil 4, then get the REVELATION seriesIF you want your GF to♥♥♥♥♥♥and squirt in her pants then you'll love RESIDENT EVIL 7."
,Recommended,418370,29572826,Posted: 29 January,all,CJomei,"Wow, just wow.Resident Evil 7: biohazard marks a return to Resident Evil's horror elements and amplifies the tension by bringing the player into the shoes of the protagonist.Story: Overall it's good, I appreciate that you learn more about the story from both progressing, and taking the time to read diaries / journal enties, and watch VCR tapes. It's a simple setup, but it has some twists to keep players on their toes. The game also manages to sneak in some dark humor, without becoming completely campy (like Resident Evil 4). Without spoiling anything, this is set in the same universe as the previous Resident Evils.Gameplay: Despite being a first person shooter, Resident Evil 7 remebers it's a survival horror game (limited ammo, health packs, etc.) , players have to make their shots count and have to aim for the head. Puzzles arn't difficult, but then again who'd ever want to go back to sliding tiles? Even though horror is subjective, I can firmly say that this is up there for being one of scariest Resident Evils.Music: It's atmospheric and suits the theme of the game. Obviously (much like the 99.9% of horror games) you won't find any track to be particularly memorable, but it's not a problem.Length and Replayability: This game took me 9 hours to beat on normal (recommended for the first time playing, since you will be able to appreciate alterations made in Madhouse). If you feel like playing the game again, there are challanges / achievements you can do, which will unlock weapons and items to use the next time you play the game. These challanges range from beating the game within a time limit of 4 hours, destroying hidden bottleheads, etc. This game has some great incentives to get you back to playing it again.Overall RE7 is a superb survival horror game. This game isn't selling as well as Resident Evil 6, so if you care about survival horror or the future of Resident Evil, you owe it to yourself to buy this game."
76561198029044535,Recommended,418370,29514827,Posted: 26 January,all,localbubble,"It's good! Mixes new with old and has a great story.  I am a fan of 1,2 and 4.  This one get's added to that list."
,Recommended,418370,29514477,Posted: 26 January,all,Shinzengumi,First game I write a review for. This game is FREAKEN AMAZING no bugs at launch and amazing graphics.
,Recommended,418370,32754358,Posted: 24 June,all,ZipionLive,"It's been a very long time since the last time I was spooked playing Resident Evil. Well done, Capcom, you're almost forgiven for RE6 ! Let's hope the next one will be that good..."
,Recommended,418370,29467707,Posted: 24 January,all,Cheb,"It's no RE4 in terms of length or gameplay, and it's not RE1/2 in terms of puzzles or enemies, but I absolutely recommend it. I clocked under 10 hours on it and each hour was tightly executed. It feels very reminiscent of the Revelations games in places, but part of me wished it were an hour or two longer.It's got a great plot that's well executed and well-acted. Gave me new vim for the series, and I hope they put this new engine to even greater use in the future."
,Recommended,418370,33788789,Posted: 25 July,all,AragoldMaaate,"Resident Evil 7 was a very enjoyable experience for me. I ended up finishing it 9 times in an attempt to speedrun it under 1:45:00. The madhouse difficulty is definitely a step up in difficulty, taking me about 5 days to finish altogether, playing on and off. Madhouse difficulty can sometimes be a huge annoyance, especially at the end where you get put up against 2 of the fat boss b*stards with a few shotgun shells, some pistol ammo and the player's tiny todger to fight with. On new game plus, Madhouse mode is still quite a walk in the park with things like theAlbert Wesker pistol and the spinning saw and the glasses that let you see where all the items are.However, trying to get around the house with Farmer ShovelF*ck chasing you around is very tense, especially as he has the hearing and vision of Superman on a gram of chrystal meth. The boss fights are rather enjoyable. Although the last bossfight, which should be the climax of the game considering the whole game was building up to the plot twist thatthe old lass was the real evil one, was sort of a let down for me, as it only lasted about 3 minutes and then boom, credits. The basement section is very enjoyable, with the turd monsters walking around constantly, trying to find you. Overall, Resident evil 7 had good combat, a story that was a but up and down but still all came together at the end and amazing horror elements, which is suprising for a resi game considering the state 5 and 6 left the franchise in.*UPDATE*Just to let you know, I played through this game on xbox one. I bought it on pc originally but my pc is so utterly♥♥♥♥♥♥that it wouldnt run, so I got a refund and played it on my xbox. I just thought I should preface that as I saw a couple comments pointing out my lack of hours on the game which have now been deleted because of this.Cheers"
,Recommended,418370,29468399,Posted: 24 January,all,Gaykeeper,"Such a cliffhanger of a game, makes me so nervous and wanting to know what happens as i roam around the house,I definately reccomend this game as i think its probably now one of the most freakiest and scariest games out there right now!Glad i bought this game and thank you Devs for producing such a nice game!"
76561197999195138,Recommended,418370,29468538,Posted: 24 January,all,Kapteeni Nemo,"Game runs smoothly most of the time, but there are areas where the game starts to stutter for a second or two, maybe even freezes. From I have heard it the game is pretty VRam heavy.A little patching would do wonders.Even still, I have greatly enjoyed my first 3 hours of playing it."
,Recommended,418370,29606041,Posted: 31 January,all,Snowby,it's good for you
,Recommended,418370,29680158,Posted: 3 February,all,Tayten,"Where to start with this game...It meets all the expectations of the classic Resident Evil fan.The combat is not too overpowered and you have the constant fear of death looming over you at all times. Even when you take up arms and fight the huge bada** bosses, you genuinely get the satisfaction of surviving something absolutely terrifying; with little hope for survival.The immersion was on point no matter what scene they put you in. Absolutely dark and terrifying every step of the way, never knowing what will be waiting for you next. Tons of enemies and creepy crawlies are littered throughout this game.The game runs pretty good on just about any rig, although some settings may cause slow downs or stuttering, depending on your hardware of course. Nothing majorly effects the experience though.I look forward to the next installments of the Resident Evil franchise.This was definitely a step in the right direction."
,Recommended,418370,29495077,Posted: 25 January,all,SkyNET [Philanthrophy],"Holy ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥I almost ♥♥♥♥♥ed myself playing.Well done, Capcom."
,Recommended,418370,30214509,Posted: 26 February,all,froppy,"Really good atmosphere, spooks, and action. Nice to have Resident Evil back.9.5/10"
76561198217802507,Recommended,418370,30099070,Posted: 22 February,all,cosmasama,good game
76561198032703802,Recommended,418370,29490958,Posted: 25 January,all,BallsOnTheDeli,It's got to be said that Capcom did an amazing job with the Atmosphere. The enviroment is great from tight corridors to dark creepy swamps. It keeps you constantly on edge and even the use of the First person camera is a great addition in my opinion to add to that Don't look behind you Horror feel !!! Finding the story great it is keeping me interested and the graphics are fantastic seems to run great too ( Gtx 980 ) For returning RE fans it puts a new spin on the series which I am enjoying and for any Outlast fans get ready for those old familiar feelings :DGreat Game!!!Welcome to the Family Son !!!
,Recommended,418370,29477494,Posted: 24 January,all,Windows 95,"It's like texas chainsaw massacre 2 had a child with the resident evil series.I played resident evil franchise since the original when I was about 12 years old. The last 2 games in the franchise made me lose all hope, but res evil 7 has restored my love for this franchise.Girlfriend goes to bedShut off all lights in the houseShut off second monitorPlug in controller and noise cancelling headphones.15  minutes in and already having minor heart palputations30 minutes in my girlfriend's cat rubs up against my leg30m1s in I call 911 to revive me from cardiac arresstWelcome back resident evil!"
,Recommended,418370,29620053,Posted: 31 January,all,Scooby Doo: The Horror Movie,"I just feel like staying in the locked shotgun room and never come outGood spooky gameplay,Awsome atmosphere,NOT FOR SCAREDY CATSGG graphics teamand really brings back dat res evil feel"
,Recommended,418370,35260368,Posted: 28 September,all,Switchblade,dude this game is scary as hell lol. brings you back to that old school resident evil 1 feel as well.
76561197966632480,Recommended,418370,29860415,Posted: 11 February,all,That Vaporeon from Silent Hill,"It's good.To go into more detail, this was one of the most different looking RE games there is. At least, from the outside anyway. When you start playing this game you will quickly realize that this game is actually very similar to classic RE in a lot of ways. Capcom wasn't kidding when they said RE7 was going back to its roots. As Jim Sterling put it, RE7 ""Bravely Defaulted"", returning to being a true survival horror game and ditching all the over the top action. You can expect a lot of weapons, a lot of shooting or avoiding things, backtracking, puzzles and keys, inventory slots, health and ammo management, the whole ten yards.RE7 does have some crazy bosses and some of the usual sillyness going on now and then, but it fits in well and never really ruins feel of the game. It's very reminiscent of the Resident Evil Remake as it updates the series in a very loyal, professional, and classy way.  I really don't want to spoil the wonders of this game, if you are survival horror fan, DO NOT SKIP THIS GAME!tl:dr : The King is back! Now if only his sister, Silent Hill, wasn't still bleeding out in a ditch somewhere."
,Recommended,418370,29861115,Posted: 11 February,all,kinetic,Really fun but it was too short
76561198058795097,Recommended,418370,29471067,Posted: 24 January,all,Brorsan såsett,Very recommended big like!!
76561198235537456,Recommended,418370,31911872,Posted: 22 May,all,KDWin,Scary first playthrough
,Recommended,418370,32061252,Posted: 30 May,all,Ayizan,"I'm honestly not very 'good' at horror games. They do get under my skin and can creep me out. I turn into a spaz while I should be focused on my aim. I tend to die a lot. That all said, this was my first experience with the Resident Evil franchise and I really enjoyed it. The detail and atmosphere of the setting was amazing (in a Hoaders sort of way), and the story was interesting enough to keep me going. I can't say I was surpised by any of the plot, and it lost a bit of steam towards the end, but taken on a whole the journey was well worth it. The currently released DLC wasn't overly interesting, but there's still one more to be released (for free)."
,Recommended,418370,29467371,Posted: 24 January,all,PENANGGAL,"Pros:-Boss Battles are AMAZING-Scavenging for limited items-Collectibles that aren't a nuisance-Intense Combat-Great voice acting-Bombastic and gorgeous areas to explore and hide in-And best of all, a grenade laucher!!Cons:-Took me 10hours and 27minutes to beat(including looking for collectibles)-A small arsenal, though fun to use it leaves you wanting more-Though terrifying, it was not very difficult(haven't tried madhouse mode yet but this is for consumers looking to buy the game), and unfortunately for those who didn't pre-order you are stuck with ""im a baby mode"", and ""Yeah I occasionally play video games mode"" until you finish the game to unlock madhouse mode-Cannot combine items in your chest, which becomes frusterating if you are a hoarder of items and then need to quickly make meds and bullets for an upcoming boss encounter-You can get stunlocked if you don't mash buttons to get back up from a heavy blow and you can easily die when this happens(this has nothing to do with difficulty just a flawed mechanic)Other than some of the minor annoyances and ""meh"" difficulty it is an amazing game, it has a lot going for it and for a game like this to catch my attention like it did when I was 9 then you can tell the future of this franchise will be glorious. This is a testament to capcoms polish and care of their IPs and they were willing to risk it all with a franchise revival, and god damn is it a great one!"
76561198013406260,Recommended,418370,29470634,Posted: 24 January,all,BOOM,just love
,Recommended,418370,29941912,Posted: 15 February,all,Mattbrown179,Solid 9/10 and a great step in the right direction for the franchise.
76561197997880852,Recommended,418370,29467419,Posted: 24 January,all,saucin' and boolin',easily the best resident evil game of the last decade. seems well optimized and runs great on a budget pc.
76561198014238260,Recommended,418370,29470607,Posted: 24 January,all,Pops,Start playing-get scared-*pause*-run and hug Gf- repeat
76561198104431735,Recommended,418370,29470606,Posted: 24 January,all,FeelsBadMan,welcome to the family sonback to surival horror rootsfeelsgoodmanfenks capcom
76561198047691873,Recommended,418370,30762194,Posted: 26 March,all,WOGSTA100,A great return in the Classic Resident Evil Series!Fun Gameplay in an all new perspective and new really fun puzzles to solve.10/10
76561198142490300,Recommended,418370,29631705,Posted: 1 February,all,Lebron James,Good game
76561198186727854,Recommended,418370,29945546,Posted: 15 February,all,kbyrne218,"Best RE I've played since 4.  I was expecting to take frequent breaks from what I was reading about how scary it is...but actually I found myself playing for 2+ hours at a time.  Its so damn addicting!  Though I was a bit disappointed with how early on you receive a gun.  That kind of took away the suspense for me.  I think the horror element would have been ramped up if you were stuck fending off  baddies with a nail studded wooden plank.  I read how scarce ammo was but on Normal difficulty I had no problem stockpiling close to 100 bullets only 1/3 of the way in to the game.   I mean yeah, you can't just waste ammo with reckless abandon but its not like you're going to be cowering in a corner with only 3 bullets and 5 baddies.  Best thing to do is RUN"
,Recommended,418370,29462790,Posted: 24 January,all,Dolly,"Played for like 4 hours. Totally worth the dollar. When Resident Evil 7 was released, I thought it would be another Outlast game, which I love very much. But for now, with all due respect, I have to say that I'm pretty sure RE7 is WAY BETTER than Outlast in many ways."
,Recommended,418370,30766576,Posted: 26 March,all,Commissar Taco [GM],"I'll write more later, but I'm so goddamn happy to actually be playing a Resident Evil game that's good again that I'm giving it a quick thumbs up. First-person perspective adds immediacy to scares. Setting feels like the best of the backwoods, trapped-with-a-sociopath-group horror subgenre. Combat is solid. Storyline narrative is solid. I'm hooked."
,Recommended,418370,29571860,Posted: 29 January,all,ChOuette,Masterpiece !
,Recommended,418370,29528831,Posted: 27 January,all,Max Dagger,"Disclaimer: This game was gifted to me by a very good friend of mines, and my review might be or might not be opinion based.-Spoiler Free Review-This is a game I will highly recommend for those who loved the older resident evil games from 4 and below as this game comes back to its Survival Horror roots. This game does a fantastic job at not holding your hand through out any playthrough and testing you on your item management skills especially on its higher difficulties. Although I will be honest, this game is just as short as Resident Evil games from the past (Example: Re 1, 2, & 3). You will still get your money's worth by getting unlockables for finishing the game on all 3 difficulties, and obtaining collectibles for more in game goodies.There will be DLC for the game, but in my own honest opinion they seem like fun additional content (but highly optional to have for the exception of the 4th difficulty known as ""Ethan must Die!""), and the additional mode or story releasing in Spring for free known as ""Not a Hero"". VR will be available, but a year after release of this game as its a Limited Exclusive to the Playstation 4.This game is definitely a must play especially if played in the dark with quality audio, horror game parties with friends, and or streaming.I highly recommended."
,Recommended,418370,29514154,Posted: 26 January,all,Manhunter,"Resident Evil franchise.... wow what a rollercoaster has it been. 1 through 3 and including everything in-between was slow-paced and more atmosphere focused than combat oriented, with static camera angles. the series was on a steady rise. Then, the 4th one came out... easily in my top 5 favorite games of all-time, a legendary game. the series took a major uplift from this revolutionnary controls for the time ( 2005 mind you ) and switch to a more action fast-paced type of game. the 4th was the best of horror and action, after that, it was downhill. then 5 came, was decent but nowhere near as good as the previous titles... the start of a downfall for a once legendary franchise and company mind you. 6th was the sand in wound, one of the worst crossover attempts i ever had to witness. only played the Leon campaign ( only due to my love for this dude, no homo ) but still felt disgusted. years passed, and then a trailer for a new game called ''Resident Evil 7'' came out.. first-person and an attempt at going back to the roots of the franchise. started thinking, last time capcom changed the formula, that landed us RE 4... i was dreaming of what it could be. played the demo, was sold on it. pre-ordered. Then played it... woah, what a great game, the best one since resident evil 4, and that's a lot coming from someone like me. definitely a buy if you love the genre. The gameplay is great, you really feel insecure and clostrophobic at times. the shooting is good as well, the graphics are pretty good and it runs good for me at high-very high ( I7 4770K and gtx 780 ). Only downside is playtime, which is on the short side ( 8-10 hours on first playthrough, the it drops to 4-6 hours on second run ), though replayability is here, with plenty of unlockables like Infinite Ammo and various special weapons and ''perks''PS : for the people saying the game is ''scripted'', man this is resident evil, not DayZ or Rust or The Forest... this ain't an MMO, this is a story-driven game. there is some exploration, but yeah it is mostly scripted, it's a campaign, it ain't an open-world game... It's like saying ''oh, The Witcher 3 is scripted and you don't have 100% control on the game'' yeah well there's a story, of course you're going to have scripted sequences...This was the spark Capcom had to generate in order to revive the series... GG capcom you did good"
,Recommended,418370,29530982,Posted: 27 January,all,Mobster_Dolphin,"Me in 2015: Man RE6 was fun and actiony but I want survival horror RE backMe after the announcement of RE7: Oh man I hope its fixed camera survival horrorMe after playing the RE demo on PS4 the day it came out: Interesting, but I dont know if first person is the way re should beMe after playing RE7: THIS IS LEGIT OLD RE BUT FIRST PERSON"
,Recommended,418370,29541820,Posted: 28 January,all,vincentalim,This game is freaking good and scary.Better than RE 5 & 6. Good job Capcom!
76561198217277924,Recommended,418370,29524773,Posted: 27 January,all,CrunkNasty,This mother ♥♥♥♥er right here is the♥♥♥♥♥♥boys and girls. Enjoy!
76561198024778256,Recommended,418370,29527638,Posted: 27 January,all,Nacievenforever,"""Best Resident Evil since Resident Evil 4"""
76561198050238813,Recommended,418370,29721936,Posted: 5 February,all,Sinareti,10/10 Resident Evil come back.
,Recommended,418370,29576225,Posted: 29 January,all,Ika くコ:彡,Very Nice
76561198002951956,Recommended,418370,32786079,Posted: 25 June,all,Anathema_Dreamer,"To be sure the game is good, but is a hit and miss affair as horror and game play elements go.For example, contrived story elements that force a conflict such as enemies 'magically' sneaking up on you.The worst example of local law enforcement and common sense.A protagnoist that 'lightly jogs' from danger and refuses to duck, dodge, roll or ANYTHING to get out of the way of attacks.A protagnoist that is blocked from escape from shoddy carpentry.A protagnoist that can't press the advantage in attacking when would his damn life in doing so.Dispite the gripes it is a good game when it 'hits' and the 'hits' occur more often then the misses (though the misses are cheap)What more can be said? The very best and very worse of what Capcom all in one package."
76561198279945712,Recommended,418370,32917184,Posted: 28 June,all,CommieNoodle,very spookyLove ya Uncle Jack
,Recommended,418370,29591566,Posted: 30 January,all,NifflerIce,Played nearly all of the Resident Evil games and this one is now one of my favourites. Best game I've played in a long time! Didn't want to leave the safe rooms.
,Recommended,418370,29477809,Posted: 24 January,all,Need A Project,"Resident Evil: Make sure you shoot them in the head or they'll come back faster and strongerResident Evil 4: Be careful, if you shoot them in the head, another monster could pop out and make your enemies stronger and deadlier.Resident Evil 7: Proceed to shoot the same guy in the face 10x and he still comes after you. Proceed to get hand and arm horrifically mutilated.You cannot escape from Daddy10/10 no boulders punched. Capcom finally saves the Resident Evil franchise."
76561198261221150,Recommended,418370,32723652,Posted: 24 June,all,滑稽大叔,游戏真的非常棒！！！，两个字：刺激。游戏做的真的是太完美了，对于喜欢恐怖游戏的人来说 完全是一种福利啊。在一个：非常感谢capcom给提供简体中文，真心感谢！！
,Recommended,418370,32747475,Posted: 24 June,all,Danny Judas,it's ok
,Recommended,418370,29475637,Posted: 24 January,all,Firefly,"This is the first time I have ever written a review for a Steam game, but I have to do it. I'm only barely 2 hours in and it's been one heck of an experience to say the least. Everything about the game is amazing, the sound effects, the realistic look to it all, and oh my god those people in that house... I don't get scared easily, I found Outlast giving me only a little bit of goosebumps now and then, but RE7? I have literally screamed 'oh♥♥♥♥♥♥' through my room, or doing the 'trying to peek around the corner via my screen' trick. I'm genuinely frightened and I love it. I also love the fact that it's so unpredictable and several situations can be solved via various ways. I died in a specific situation once and then did a different way and the whole event changed. I think this game really puts Resident Evil back on the map as being the defining game series in the horror genre again. Well done Capcom. Now I just have to go to sleep -- I hope I can still fall asleep."
76561197970526864,Recommended,418370,29586813,Posted: 30 January,all,SCU11Y,"Good game, by far the best in the series since RE4.RE5/6..bla bla....rubbish.Ppl who are complaining about it being an FPS....please, 3rd person RE died when they made the game into an arcade shoot frenzy in 5/6/Revilations etc. which in my opinion and im sure alot can agree just ruined the franchise. Shoot shoot shoot oh zombies....shoot shoot shoot.... Yea, sad I know. While it was fun, it was NOT RESIDENT EVIL.RE7 has brought to life the much need feel, and with FPS experience you can see around the corner, peak thru the doors, crouch and hide. The franchise needed this and from all the positive comments here and even in the game reviews, they nailed it. All the haters can just leave and go back to playing the arcadey RE5/6 etc. and PS cant compare RE4 with RE5/6, as RE4 changed how the game entirely felt with the new gameplay machinics. They just abused the crap out of it in RE5/6 and turned into a arcade game. No atmosphere.This installment has the perfect balance of gameplay, mystery and a few jumpscares. Playing it loud is always best. Weapons are great. Puzzles are great. Minor frustrations. Short, but all RE games are short. Its starting the game again, unlocking weapons for playthroughs etc. The essence of RE1 has returned.And looking forward to any of the DLC that is gonna be released. (Looks like Redfield is in the mix woo!)I wonder if any of the fans of the 1996 RE1 have notice the spiritual elements they have included in the game, from the main hall area that has the 2 flights of stairs leading to the room, the shotgun room, the wasps and the hives, the molded who actually resemble the Hunters and Lickers, they have a bulls head mounted on a wall in a room with a pool table, remember the clock puzzle from RE1, the deer mounted in the trophy room in RE1 with the gem in the eye socket. Even some of the lay out of the house just reminds me of how the lay out was in the original RE1. Call me crazy but in my eyes I can see it, and Im 110% sure any RE fan from the 1996 release or even the remake can see it. Nostalgia. GG Capcom."
76561198125758235,Recommended,418370,29514140,Posted: 26 January,all,IEatPokemon,10/10. No boulder punching.
76561198041665713,Recommended,418370,32849399,Posted: 27 June,all,DTDmadcap (42) ®,"ONLY RECOMMENDED if discounted price COMPLETED GAME in less than 14hrs could 100% do this quicker 2nd time round good story though scray bits good graphics if have a half decent card, games MUCH TOO SHORT so glad waited till it came down in price even though i'm a Resident fan"
76561198018843665,Recommended,418370,32630707,Posted: 21 June,all,DEEDEESBEAK,Mad House hurts me IRL.
,Recommended,418370,29723085,Posted: 5 February,all,Smack Me Brian,One of the best games in the Resident Evil series
,Recommended,418370,31186473,Posted: 16 April,all,sheriff eric harris,get stabbed mutliple times and get a blade through your handpour rubbing alchohol all over itgood as new
76561198077787397,Recommended,418370,29483812,Posted: 25 January,all,StraightUpIrish,I have pre-ordered 4 games in my entire life. This was one of them. I wasn't dissapointed!This is a great new take to the franchise since it basically became an action genre. It feels and plays great just like similar recent titles in the years such as outlast or P.T.Pros :-Atmosphere is incredible-Voice-acting is top notch-Runs well on my 750 ti-Great puzzles-Excellent Story-Challenging at times!Cons:-Waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay too short I finished it in about 11 hours-A.I seemed a bit too easy at times-Boss battles weren't the most exciting but still good-The main protagonist has to be the most boring character I have ever come across honestly but everyone else is greatI will do the madhouse difficulty now and take my time even more. Hopefully it will give me another good few hours I would definitly say its at least worth replaying once after finishing. After I finish madhouse I will probably just wait for the free DLC and play it again in about a year. I would say wait until there is a price drop if your bothered about the high end price for the short game but I don't regret it. I recommend it for it finally makes resident evil a horror game again and it will be one of highest ranking games for 2017 by the end.
76561197999671795,Recommended,418370,33637819,Posted: 18 July,all,K.B.,"I've tried to word this a few times now, and I usually get too much text.This game basically sparked an old love for playing these kinds of games.I was at the edge of my seat at all times.Story was good, graphics are insane.Would choose this over any horror movie."
76561198005367930,Recommended,418370,29469454,Posted: 24 January,all,Shadowseer,"Walked into first open door, Slams shut behind me.I alt-f4 before anything else could happen.8/8 would ♥♥♥♥♥ out again."
76561198314007822,Recommended,418370,33933848,Posted: 31 July,all,Mumen Rider,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uyh3C1xDT3YGot spooked :([8 Spaghetts / 10]
76561198053540921,Recommended,418370,29526714,Posted: 27 January,all,Fatty,"Great game, nice spooky ""on the edge"" type of atmosphere.If you don't race to youtube or any other ""cheating sources"" thisgame will shock and surprise you!I would recommend this game to anyone who has the patience toplay and solve without the use of any cheats.This isn't the type of game you race through as fast as you canlike many young people are doing nowdays.Walk through the game when possible, explore, discover, experiment.Get your copy, avoid spoilers, enjoy for months to come :-)"
76561197994955002,Recommended,418370,29473244,Posted: 24 January,all,LDB,Great game so far. tense as hell walking about and feels like the good old slow good gameplay that had you scared in the first few games.
76561197962210036,Recommended,418370,29473263,Posted: 24 January,all,Seifer,"Highly recommend the purchase. It's not like any other ""Resident Evil"", but it is a nice freshness to the series. I'll just give a short pros and cons section and update later on when new DLC comes out.Pros- Enemies feel powerful- Variety of weapons- The Plot and its Twist *Also see Cons*- Exploring pays off.Cons- The plot doesn't tie loose ends where it needs to- Too short- Not a large variety of enemies- Some performance issues **Maninly AMD tech**Overall 10/10 even with the Cons."
,Recommended,418370,29537403,Posted: 28 January,all,Forosnai,"Capcom did a fantastic job revitalizing the series with this game: it's gone back to its roots as a survival-horror, with at least the first half of the game being a non-stop sense of dread, especially if you play while wearing headphones; the attention to detail, such as sounds and creaking, the debris, even dust and grime, really make you feel immersed in the plantation.It's not perfect, being beatable in roughly 10 hours (give or take) and with a relatively limited variety of enemies, but I'd personally rather a fantastic 10-hour game than a mediocre 25-hour one. Madhouse difficulty, which not only makes things more difficult but moves around key items and plot points, definitely gives it some replayability value.If you're a fan of the pre-RE4 games, or a fan of Silent Hill (and disappointed by the recent cancellation), Outlast, Alien: Isolation, or other such games, you'll love this game."
,Recommended,418370,29530114,Posted: 27 January,all,[OT]Nekrage,"No launch problems.No optimization issues.Absolute flawless launch. Great job Capcom.The game itself is a MUCH NEEDED return to the survival horror experience that Resident Evil used to be the king of.On the hardest difficulty the game offers a a huge challenge. Back to the attempts to save ammo like the classic Resident Evil titles, starving for heals and ammo while running and killing those who wish to consume your♥♥♥♥♥makes for a heart racing enjoyable experience.If you have been avoiding the series because of the previous few games...THIS IS THE TIME TO RETURN!"
76561198002754273,Recommended,418370,33259759,Posted: 4 July,all,Iron,Its been a while since i dont get caught in a single player history like this game!Spoiler AlertWould pick Zoe over that other ♥♥♥♥♥ everytime!
76561197973407634,Recommended,418370,29534532,Posted: 27 January,all,Kapek,"As this is my first foray into the Resident Evil series, my perspective may be a bit different than many of the other reviews you find here.I found this game enjoyable, but only just so. The game is not impressively long, taking me about 8 hours to beat after a single start over maybe half way into the story. As a very scripted game, I also doubt that I will find myself playing through again absent some significant DLC making it worth my time.That being said, the atmosphere is truly unsettling, the mystery is compelling, and the characters are perturbing. As a series newcomer, I wasn't quite sure what to expect. The pacing is very slow, but deliberate. You move slowly, you aim slowly, you open doors slowly, but this adds to the realism and suspense that will keep you playing. The game takes some classic scare tactics, throws them in with a believable atmosphere, to create a genuinely suspenseful experience. Only once or twice does it manage a fright that will set you back in your chair and bring your partner crashing into your gaming room with a prop katana, but it will still give you enough consistent anxiety to make playing a thrill.The survival and crafting elements are not the focus of the game. They add something, but not much. There are all of about 8 things you can make in total, and many are simply an upgraded variety which consume rarer resources than their more basic counterparts. These resources are difficult to come by though, and scavenging for them whilst evading cannibalistic serial killers and saundering oil monsters invokes a sense of urgency that few games are capable of.The puzzles you face won't require much thinking, but might require some tinkering. They lack sophistication but manage to just be difficult enough to give the game a bit of a break up from the normal routine.The story is good and the universe will suck you in. Though, if you are a newcomer like myself, you will probably be a bit confused when characters or flavor items make references to things that you’ve never heard of before.Yet, it is not so disjointed that you will be unable to follow. It’s narrative is self-contained enough that you will invest in the characters despite all the missing pieces, and you will carry a sense of fear and curiosity with you as you explore the world. Despite not always understanding how things had happened, I never questioned why I was doing what I was doing or the urgency of my goals. I've seen many complaints about the ending, but it was satisfying enough for me. To be fair, I've come to understand that references made during the ending sequence were not all well received by series veterans, but as a newcomer, I did not recognize those references to find them frustrating.The graphics are good, but not great, and it takes some tweaking from the defaults to get anything close to what the trailers show off. As far as preformance goes, I had some stuttering between areas. While noticeable, it wasn’t bad enough that I bothered fussing with disabling SLI, messing with .ini files, etc. Still, I run an intel i7 5820k at 4.3ghz, with 2x GTX 980TIs in SLI, and as such, I would not expect to run into any issues with stuttering or slow down when gaming in 1080p. Regardless, this is one of Capcom’s best PC releases in a while, but it still lacks the PC performance that one expects from a AAA, 60$ game. You’ll get there one day Capcom. Probably.Overall, I recommend this game even to those who are not used to the survival horror genre or Resident Evil universe. My one caveat is that those on a budget should beware of the length of the campaign, or perhaps wait till a sale/price drop before they pick it up. It is an entertaining thrill ride that is hard to put down, even if it is over a bit too soon."
,Recommended,418370,30420996,Posted: 9 March,all,Hranica,Probably the best horror game of the year.
,Recommended,418370,33846195,Posted: 27 July,all,Headline™,"Since I've played all the Resident Evil games in the past, this game...is unique and yet different, still holds true the Resident Evil series. The fact that it is 1st person view for the first time, gives the player a scary and fomitable atomosphere as just shooting down your enemies isn't everything. Hiding, is now an even bigger key in this game then has in the past games. The characters are scary and very very threatening which sometimes makes you forget that you can still carry and use weapons at times. You can still make medicine from herbs and other items. You can create improved weapons, but your enemies are not just zombies, they are crazy psychopaths who willl not stop til you are dead. Use the environment against them, use your bullets wisely, and hide whenever you have the chance. This game will put you on the edge of your seat and scare the living crap out of you. Welcome to a new Resident Evil. -9/10"
,Recommended,418370,29635560,Posted: 1 February,all,D.Va!,"Well played, Capcom.Well played."
76561198094296752,Recommended,418370,31742058,Posted: 14 May,all,Orangutan,"No spoilersDisclaimers: Completed the playthrough in 9 hours, medium settings. Haven't played any of the previous Resident Evil games. Not a follower of the Resident Evil movies. Lets get to the review!Gameplay 4/5First person perspective in a survival-horror setting. The gameplay mechanics are not vast or complex but they are done right. Conserving ammo and health potions is a must. You can craft items in game and they it is smartly implemented. Some items share components, so you always have to see which item you need more at that time. There are some puzzles to be solved in between, which I really liked.Story 5/5For this type of game, the story is more than half of the reason why it can fail or succeed. Here, the story delivers. From the trailer you can see the main character is in search of his wife and he ends up in a remote house in the middle of a forest. And the horror entails. The best part of the story is that there is no expedition or motage of events shown to tell the story. It is all done through video tapes and memories, which you basically see from 2 characters. The whole story does not unfold till the very end and it keeps you gripped the whole time.Level Design 5/5In a horror game, the scare does not work if you don't build up the tension. In this game, as soon as you take your first step, they start building the tension and it piles up till they give you a scare which makes it really effective. Another great thing about the level design that even though it is not vast, but made available in bits and pieces so even after going through the same area after 4 or 5 times you can get into new stuff.Characters 5/5The main character is Ethan. He starts the game with the main objective of finding his wife, but then as he finds out new things, his objective changes. This makes for a good character development. There are only a bunch of characters in this secluded house, but all of them really takes the spotlight when it is their show. The voice acting is great and the animation is well done.Replayability 2/5The game do have two different endings. But apart from that, the scare only works for the first time. When you know, when or how something is coming at you, the surprise factor is not really great which lessens the experience.Overall 4/5Whether or not, you have played or watched the Resident Evil games or movies, this one is a must for every fan of a good single player campaign. At the time, when every game is turning to a money printing machine and is delivered in pieces through DLCs or micro transactions, this game keeps it real and takes it back to good old days of single player games."
,Recommended,418370,29747447,Posted: 6 February,all,oppaicorps,👍
76561198046242117,Recommended,418370,29493297,Posted: 25 January,all,RyanS1357,The Good+Survival Horror is back+Item management+Puzzles make a return+Well optimised+Tons of custom options+Interesting Story+Baker family+Madhouse mode+Fun DLCThe Bad- Too short9/10 Best Resident Evil game since Code Veronica. Puts Resident Evil 4 to shame.
,Recommended,418370,30213847,Posted: 26 February,all,JandaKembang@SV,Truly the best Resident Evil game in years... and this comes from someone who played all the numbered games and most of the spinoffs.
,Recommended,418370,30224397,Posted: 27 February,all,Kahr,"I was surprised by Resident Evil 7. Not just because of the whole ""going back to its horror roots"" (and they didn't just go back to its horror roots - they outdid it by far!), but also because they managed to balance it so well alongside small tidbits of action, as well as keeping the story within the established universe.Resident Evil has a very rich lore universe. There's so many characters in the series (both playable, NPCs and those you just read about in files and what not) that it's impossible to keep track of them all. That's not a bad thing in itself. I mean, you can have a field day visiting RE-oriented wikipedias and fan sites to read up on whatever tidbits of lore you didn't even know existed (mainly due to it not being a part of the main series). And while I agree that Resident Evil needed to reinvent itself, I did not want to see the established universe disappear either. And boy, was I in for a treat!The game does its horror very well. Right from the get go you are introduced to a very dangerous world. One you have to thread alone as you uncover the truth of everything, and fight to survive and ever darker plot. It's got atmosphere. It's got creep factor. It's got terrifying enemies. And it still manages to balance that horror with some action. At first I thought to myself ""This reminds me an awful lot of Outlast"". Don't get me wrong, Outlast is a fine horror game. But we didn't need Resident Evil to go down that road. We already have Outlast for that. But that soon changed up. Resident Evil is experimenting with a variety of different themes, and they're nailing it. The whole game is really well done, and they amount of details they've put in is astonoshing. This is a must play in my book. Top notch here from the developers.Looking forward to seeing what the future holds for the franchise now. This is an excellent game."
76561198090434537,Recommended,418370,30272068,Posted: 1 March,all,Modsy,The first single player game that isn't an open world rpg that I have put so much time into (since Bioshock). Wowza.
76561197998124687,Recommended,418370,30380625,Posted: 7 March,all,Shan is mad,"This is a real throwback to the original Resident evil games.tl:dr   -  just buy it.If you are an old time fan of the original style game e.g. – 1, 2, 3, code veronica, then this is the game you want. Absolutely no doubt about it.  If you think the new camera style will detract from the feel of the game,  it dos not.  I can assure you.  This most definitely feels like  Resident evil.GraphicsWow, they are fantastic.  I WISH I had HDR I cant imagine how it would loo!, it looks so fantastic as it is!  Due to the nature of the game – being closed e.g. not an open world, they were really able to go to town on the graphics.  Right down to small details. No space in the game feels empty.  There is junk and clutter every-where that really makes it feel like a real home people live in. Lighting is great.  Shadows are casted across rooms. The way they made everything look so dirty and grimy is so realistic.  There are multiple times in the game were you actually will stop and say Eww bro, that’s gross.  Basically this game will make you remember when you last have had tetanus shot.StoryYour wife goes missing.  Years latter you receive an email from her stating she is in Louisiana.  You go to investigate which leads you to the Bakers residence (no pun intended)  This is were your story begins.This is.  By far. The BEST script ever written for a RE game. Its top notch. IMO opinion they could make a great movie from this game.   Voice acting couldn’t have been better.  For RE standards its phenomenal!! Let us not forget such classic lines like -  “JOOOSEPH” – Jill Valentine  and  “That was too close! You were almost a Jill sandwich!” – Barry Burton.  Those days are gone.  The Baker family is some of the most convincing voice acting I have ever seen/heard in a game.Game playIf you want an OG RE experience this is for you.If you are new to the franchise or have only played the new ones e.g. – 4-5 onwards this is much slower passed action wise then what you may be use to. The basic gameplay consists of progressing thru the areas of the game thru a mixture of puzzles and baker family encounters with a healthy amount ofzombiesmonsters sprinkled in-between.  You can play this at any pace you would like.  If you want to take your time exploring a room, finding every little detail, you can.  In fact I encourage it.  The effort they put into creating the house was meant to be admired.If you have played Resident evil 3, - being stalked by the bakers is very familiar to being stalked by Nemesis.  “staaaars”Herbs, ammos, first floor maps, second floor maps etc etc. All here as you would expect in a classic RE game.  Saving the game happens on a cassette recorder in vain of the old type writers.  A real nice touch.Final wordsI had high expectations for this game.  I was not let down.  As a long time fan of Resident Evil I am so glad to see the franchise make this move.  As far as I’m concerned the original Resident Evil has been resurrected.  -  “Victim’s were apparently…. Eaten”"
,Recommended,418370,29457673,Posted: 24 January,all,Frosty,"Last time a Resident Evil game creeped me out was probably back when Resident Evil 2 first came out back in 1998. I was 10 years old, and those pixelated monsters haunted my imagination as a kid. It was more the atmosphere and feeling of loneliness that RE2 envoked, that feeling that you knew you were late to a massacre that had already happened. This game does the same except in first person. We're not talking about floating head first person, but you're given a body to and given a feeling of weight and spatial awareness with the character. Simple things like your hand pressing up against objects if you get too close, give a sense of how cramped areas can get.Combat as well has a weighted feel to it. From how your character can frantically make quick swings, to the more heavy two handed strikes. All while you're tossed around by the much more powerful enemies you encounter, you'll soon be realizing that what fights you get into are merely attempts to get away rather than actually defeat them.Voice acting is probably the best in the series as well, course that's not saying much considering such memorable lines as, ""There are zombies...in a mansion"" or ""I...I just shot the president."" Of course there's still a degree of typical movie horror corniness to it, but more in the Texas Chainsaw massacre sense rather than the Return of the living dead (Not to be confused with the night of the living dead Romero movies) sense.Sadly there are those who dislike this game not because of its quality, but because they say it doesn't feel like a Resident Evil game. To that I say, Resident Evil hasn't felt like a typical game of the series since Nemesis, ever since then the story and gameplay styles have evolved and gone from scarce item management, to punching boulders with your bare fists, to dance dance revolution level quick time events. Yet here we area again, with a game that will try to remind you why you should be creeped out by Umbrellas biological terrors, rather than creeped out by Weskers choice of Matrix style trenchcoats and frosted tips."
,Recommended,418370,29634606,Posted: 1 February,all,Honyar,Game of the year.
76561198042909571,Recommended,418370,30409760,Posted: 9 March,all,Flo from Progressive,"For someone who has 80% of the achievements and is soon going to be playing the highest difficulty in the game, the replay value is very entertaining, especially if you enjoy killing Jack and the molded over and over again.A lot of misconceptions about this game, is that this is a pre-sequel, it is not. It takes place 16+ years after the first Resident Evil game with the evidence in a book onthe wrecked ship.With the past games being horribly non-terrifying, Resident Evil VII gives us what P.T. was meant to create. I highly recommend this game to anyone!"
76561198046063563,Recommended,418370,29463199,Posted: 24 January,all,ValHolla Yoloson,"So far, it's worth every penny. Game is like a first person Resident Evil Remake with a dash of Clock Tower 3/ Haunting Ground.  One thing that surprised me was how much ammo you get. I consistantly had about 30 handgun rounds and about 8 shotgun shells, which is actually in line with my first time through Remake. The atmosphere is very much like RE Remake with the stalker aspect thrown in from games like Clock Tower 3 or Haunting Ground. What makes it vastly different from those games is of course the weapons, as with them one can reliably take down the stalker with well placed shots. Not finished yet, but so far this is sitting as a 9/10 so far for me."
76561198063665057,Recommended,418370,29467555,Posted: 24 January,all,Andrew,THEY LISTENED TO THE FANS OHHHHHHHHHHHHHH MYYYYYYYYYY GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD
76561198098324690,Recommended,418370,30049811,Posted: 19 February,all,Silencer,"Just....amazing. Very well worth it. The storyline is just perfect, no flaws if you ask me. The puzzles get you thinking just like the other Resident Evils. I recommend this game to anyone and everyone who loves horror, puzzle solving, and tough battles, and espcially any Resident Evil games. Easily a 10/10."
,Recommended,418370,29458705,Posted: 24 January,all,stylezwest,"This game really takes it home.. literally..Growing up with Resident Evil 1-3   finding objectives, clues and solving puzzels. You really get drawn in back into the series with Resident Evil 7 Biohazard.I highly suggest you purchase this game if you love a good murder mystery. And of course  the Resident Evil Series.If you are looking for a new Era of jump scares then this is for you.Play the Demo/Teaser and make sure you finish to get a good understanding.You wont be disapointed."
,Recommended,418370,29820072,Posted: 10 February,all,Ultra Giga Nigga,"Ive never really played any of the games in this franchise, barring like 20 minutes of the first one, however this games is so great and terrifying that it makes me want play all of the games in the franchise. having no prior connection to the franchise helps me look at this game game from an objective point of view. so here are the pros and cons so far in my playthroughPros-Interesting Story-Actually Engaging Gameplay-Terrifying Atmosphere-Jumpscares that aren't Forced-Doesnt Purely Rely on Jumpscares-Scary VillainsCons-The Moulded are much too difficult to Kill (Personal Preference)-Some Crafting Components are a bit too scarceAnd thats about all the cons i can think of right now.I will update my review as i continue through the game"
76561198098844876,Recommended,418370,30050978,Posted: 19 February,all,LightStreak,The molding toast is better rendered than the crows. 10/10
,Recommended,418370,29475683,Posted: 24 January,all,Zurv,might i suggest alien isolation instead.This wasn't very scary and i like the searching around more than the kinda lame boss fights.
,Recommended,418370,31641904,Posted: 9 May,all,Joonjitsu [YT],"First i cried, then ♥♥♥♥♥ed my pants.Now i am laying here in my own filth and contemplating life.Good stuff"
,Recommended,418370,29514095,Posted: 26 January,all,YamiYam,This game is amazing and definatly worth playing for the first hour alone. If you havent been spoiled yet try to avoid spoilers before playing because it makes the game a ton scarrier. Highly reccomended to any fans of the horror genreNo ultra wide support (21:9)
76561198037255694,Recommended,418370,29597057,Posted: 30 January,all,NOONESPLAYINGMARVEL,I'm no longer upset about the cancellation of Silient Hills
,Recommended,418370,29639389,Posted: 1 February,all,rkdj,"INCREDIBLE! The first few hours are one of the best I have ever had in a videogame, period. The game runs super smooth while looking incredible. The last 30% are a bit of a stretch though, even though the most important parts of the story get explained there. Anyway, a must buy for any action-adventure/Resident Evil and horror fan.Finished in 7.8h."
,Recommended,418370,30030926,Posted: 19 February,all,AutoBans,"Resident Evil 7 is one of the best RE game. It is quite expensive for a short game, but I enjoyed every moment of it. The horror, the jumpscare, the combat and the story. The graphic is gorgeous, and run incredibly smooth around 60-70 fps. And I can't even get 40 in Dishonored 2 with low settings. This game is worth a buy.10/10 the best RE game."
,Recommended,418370,29793226,Posted: 8 February,all,AnotherTragedy8,:)
,Recommended,418370,29978952,Posted: 16 February,all,Smok3y-Bull3t,"This is the sequel the true fans needed.-------------------------------------------------I've put some hours into the game so far, and I'll be continuing to do so. Quite frankly I'm pretty pumped for the future DLC's that will be coming our direction....but anyway, let's get on with the review shall we? I won't be putting any major spoilers in this review.-------------------------------------------------Resident Evil 7 takes place a few years after Resident Evil 6, but taking things to a new, though at the same time a very familiar situation, that being survival horror instead of way overdone sci-fi action that was ruining the series in my opinion. Albeit, this is not the typical survival horror you'll be all too familiar with, no, no zombies, but a different kind of chaos that erupts when the main protagonist, Ethan, gets a call from his wife...to come get her. Instead, what you walk into is a twisted family. But what is wrong with them? Why are they psychotic? Jump into their madhouse, and seek the answers.The games core represents the turn the series should have made a LONG time ago. From having to manage your inventory carefully, to now having to actually rely on being conservative with your ammo, to a tense atomosphere that will make you tense about what's going to be around that next corner and most importantly, keeping your wits about you to not get slaughtered. The horror elements in the game is well scripted and the voice acting is done well, I had my fair share of jumpscares with this game on my first playthrough. This is what Resident Evil is all about. The game focuses on making you tesne, and it does its job with the inspiration of some other titles that no doubt influenced some of the situations you get yourself into. But let's get on to the good stuff, a game like this doesn't need its plot spoiled too much.-------------------------------------------------ProsThe graphics are well made, the game is a beauty wrapped in darkness.The voice acting is superb and was well executed. The personalities of the actors they chose couldn't have done a better job.Fans of the older RE games will have the familiar feels of things of what they now have back in their grasp.The atmosphere of the game is what really nailed it. What little lighting is in the game is what makes everything tense. Trust me, use the recommended brightness setting, you'll see what I mean.Unlockables! Yes, Capcom has kept it old school for us.Survival Horror: Need I say more?Despite a couple crashes, this game runs flawless despite a few areas. With a GTX 1060 6GB paired with an FX-8320 CPU, I can lock the game at 60FPS with no issues, everything cranked to its highest.The first-person perspective is excellent and I just wished they'd remake the first RE in this exact style.----ConsYour FOV is limited to a 90 cap, but obviously this was a design choice, though would have been nice to have something further of our choice.It varies, but in my case there's a few spots where stuttering gets so bad, the game will crash. However, this has not been a regular occurance, but it is frustrating at times, espeically when needing to run.There could have been more about Ethan that would have been nice to know. Not to mention for him to have had more dialogue, but it's nothing that should be a deal breaker to anyone.-------------------------------------------------Honestly, I can not think of many cons to this game. For me, personally, it's everything I wanted it to be since the demo. Capcom revied the series with this masterpiece, and I sincerely hope they continue to do what they are doing, and most importantly, I hope that this review, though may not be worded as appealing compared to others will entice past fans of the old RE series and enjoy what Capcom has made for us. It's worth every penny.Also.....................................................Go tell Aunt Rhody that everybody's........dead."
,Recommended,418370,29634704,Posted: 1 February,all,Novix,"Do I have your attention, boy?You're about to see something wonderful.It's this game"
,Recommended,418370,29485630,Posted: 25 January,all,Nasty D,"Good old resident evil is back, pretty game, no crashes and good times. 10/10 would play again."
76561198034850558,Recommended,418370,29510203,Posted: 26 January,all,BLACK_DRAGON,ITS BACK
,Recommended,418370,29520459,Posted: 27 January,all,I left only legacy,best re after re4
76561198067747293,Recommended,418370,34366659,Posted: 19 August,all,Bangus,"A Beautiful Masterpiece worthy of every gut wretching tensious moment.The First person perspective does not make it a shooter. The Atmosphere and Story is really what makes this game.From the few places of safety and limited supplies you have to the harrowing journeys across multiple areas containing frightening enemies and random surpries, This is a Survival Horror. I feel as though this is a very good modern take on how the Original Resident Evil games came when they were released. I didn't jump nearly as high while playing this game as I did say, when the Licker made its first appearance, but trust in that there will be new and interesting ways of putting a bit terror in your playing. If you feel as I do, that games are better movies, this game will simply delight your night."
76561198117501296,Recommended,418370,34768080,Posted: 5 September,all,Icarusthepilot,This game was so scary that I had to keep putting it down. I kept coming back for the awesome story. 8/10
76561198319483678,Recommended,418370,30774555,Posted: 27 March,all,GamingWithPete,Pros:+ Awesome Gameplay+ High Graphics+ Crafting is simple+ Vey Interesting Storyline+ Multiple Boss fights+ Nice atmosphere+ Puzzles+ ScaryCons:- High price- Slow runningOverall i really do recomend this game for the gamers out there.9.9/10
,Recommended,418370,32057743,Posted: 30 May,all,XDivineEnigmaX,"This game brought the Resident Evil franchise back on the right track. Scare factor? Check. Survival factor? Check. Limited saves? On the hardest difficulty, absolutely. The DLC is fun, though it makes it to where I will never get all the achievements. Card games aren't my strongsuit! The storyline may be mostly distant from the original Resident Evil storyline, but the cliffhanger-ish ending opens the door for a worthy sequel. Cheers, Capcom!"
,Recommended,418370,35000600,Posted: 16 September,all,XJinglesX,Absolutely terrifying10/10 would wake up family by screaming like a girl agian
76561198274671136,Recommended,418370,34396304,Posted: 21 August,all,LaurisFAN,Very exciting and intimidating game! It is not recommended to play at night! If you want to put pants then this is a game for you :)
76561197975327788,Recommended,418370,29604778,Posted: 31 January,all,Lucktose Intoleranz,"Somehow its a classic Resident Evil, somehow its not. I wont spoiler types of enemies but be assured there is less variety than in its predecessors. Even the first one.But this is by far better than Resi 5 and 6. And in my opinion 4.Its a great horror game and a nice new approach to this series. Will definitely recommend this one to anyone into horror games. Great atmosphere! And horrorwise the most terrifying Resident Evil. You wont feel safe anywhere. Actually i guess youre safe in a safe room but it didnt feel that way to me.Took me about 12 hours to finish. Most people do it faster but if youre like me, investigating everything, reading all the notes. You will take at least 10 hours.More of this please!"
,Recommended,418370,29482963,Posted: 25 January,all,Ħу∂яα,Capcom brought back the survival horror game that we all like. they brought back the puzzles which make it hard. The graphics look REAL. I don't agree with the price right now but when the not a hero dlc comes out i might change this part but as of right now 80 dollars is a little steep for 10 hours of gameplay.
,Recommended,418370,32078037,Posted: 30 May,all,enon,"Had this game been released before walking simulators were a thing, such things would be very different now. A must have."
76561198152323882,Recommended,418370,29642048,Posted: 1 February,all,Drachenfutter,an amazing game for old fans and newcomers9/10
,Recommended,418370,29492142,Posted: 25 January,all,Sunny Day,An absolutely stellar return to the classical Resident Evil gameplay and story. Definitely respects the fans of the classics and throws away everything that was wrong with the most recent entires. Fans of RE1-3 should love this as well as fans of Survival Horror.
76561198029126609,Recommended,418370,29530724,Posted: 27 January,all,Padishah,"Classic Resident Evil game but with some modern influences (alien isolation, amnesia, etc) and in first person. This is as close to the originals as your gonna get. Easily the BEST RE game to date.9/10Must buy for horror fans"
,Recommended,418370,30723745,Posted: 25 March,all,Night Shaker,Dog kake
,Recommended,418370,29992410,Posted: 17 February,all,Alex,"Resident Evil 7 has to be one of my favourites, if not my favourite game in years. CAPCOM hit the nail on the head when it came to the atmosphere, the combat and the story in my opinion.Usually in horror games, it's the atmosphere that scares me the most. When I first encountered Jack while exploring one of the first areas of the game, I was genuinely scared. That's something not many horror games can do. Each one of the multiple encounters with him was tense and got my heart racing. Even when you're not being chased, the sound and level design is really well done and keeps the tension going. Sometimes even random creaks would make me jump.The combat feels really nice, and a lot of the encounters with enemies left me feeling rewarded after I beat them, even though they gave me no items.The story of the game is very interesting and detailed, and it leaves room for the free DLC chapter coming this Spring. I'm not going to go into detail due to spoilers but I personally enjoyed the story a ton.Overall, I recommend this game to any Resident Evil or horror fan. The visuals are beautiful, the story is incredibly detailed, and I loved the characters, even when they were trying to kill me."
,Recommended,418370,29541594,Posted: 28 January,all,ヽ(｀Д´)ノ Sky,It's just a gameIt's just a gameit's just a game
76561198114272546,Recommended,418370,29457206,Posted: 23 January,all,KingSlayer,"So i just finished this game! a little late i know, but if you still havent bought it, BUY IT NOW!what an amazing game, everything about it! the survival/horror aspect of it, the combat, the story, the gameplay, the jump scares. This is the best RE game to date, and will revisit it many more times in the future! i can honestly say this game, is a 10/10. simpke as that. not one issue for me since launch. I am stunned! well done capcom, you made a hell of a comback!! AMAZING"
76561198037336211,Recommended,418370,29478362,Posted: 25 January,all,Double Cheeseburger,I never knew a shovel could go through a face that easily.♥♥♥♥this/10.
,Recommended,418370,29478321,Posted: 25 January,all,Cheese,"ITS HORROR MAN.  AWESOME GAME , REMIND ME RESIDENT EVIL 4 , BUT THIS TIME IN FIRST PERSON EXPERIENCE.AVG FPS : 130VERY HIGH SETTING (NOT MAXED)SPECS:I5 6500GTX 1050 2GB8GB RAM"
,Recommended,418370,34072423,Posted: 6 August,all,Sam.350,Just finished the game and wow...what an experience it was! 10/10 Would visit the Bakers again anytime!
,Recommended,418370,30443227,Posted: 11 March,all,🍊M-I-K-U-X🍊,The game is short but it takes long like 7 hours. But its good and good for cheap pc's too.
76561197972728582,Recommended,418370,29529641,Posted: 27 January,all,yeaj_83,Fantastic new addition to the Resident Evil franchise. I love the awesome shift the game has made to bring it out of the lull that it was in. The game is extremely frightening and I can't wait until they expand VR to other platforms beside the PS4 so that I may experience the game that way. Anyone that is a big fan of the series and is excited about the new direction should jump on board. Graphically stunning and still keeps that classic RE vibe. This game does not dissapoint!!!
,Recommended,418370,29908020,Posted: 13 February,all,Anderson,"Awesome game, a true sequel to RE 1, 2 and 3. Only missed the extra costumes."
76561198100164250,Recommended,418370,34359240,Posted: 19 August,all,Lozzyklingers,"Dear Capcom,You owe me 1 new pair of boxer shorts.Very Truely Yours,Lozzy"
,Recommended,418370,29484355,Posted: 25 January,all,soul,"At first glance, it's not a Resident Evil game. Depending on how quickly you move, the first hour or so plays like an extended version of the free demo, focusing mostly on horror and atmosphere. However, after that, it turns into a Resident Evil game.It has everything Resident Evil is known for. An interesting story, a creepy atmosphere, plenty of puzzles, key items galore, hidden special items to help you, along with classic RE guns.Don't skip this if you're a Resident Evil fan, once you get past the first person camera angle, you'll find the best game in the series since 4, and, in my opinion, a game that fits the title far more than 4, 5, and 6 do.Just be careful with your healing item usage! I used way too many early on, and it bit my♥♥♥♥♥later lol.Have fun! It's a great game :)"
76561197978131107,Recommended,418370,30071528,Posted: 20 February,all,Superbeef,"It's like Outlast crossed with an early resident evil game but with fewer death traps and that weird chromatic abberation visual effect that you see in a lot of games these days.If you're expecting the level of intricacy that the demo had, you're going to be disappointed. The content is still there, but spread quite a bit thinner and with less bold strokes. One could have hoped.Overall the game is good, and a step in the right direction. No doubt. The game shines in the early half when you're still getting your bearings and everything is a bit coreographed. The second half of the game feels a lot weaker in part due to a largely unsatisfying combat system. The bulk of the enemies just aren't interesting or varied. You either spend 10-20 bullets planting shots into a monster's chest, or 3-4 into their head. You can blast off their limbs but it's never worth the effort. The one variant that keeps you on your toes is a leaping monster, but the rest are pretty dull aside from the main antagonists.If RE4 and The Evil Within are at the top of the scale with a perfect 11, and Alien Isolation is the middle with a rating of ""Triple cheese"", and Soma is the bottom of the scale with a rating of ""Extreme herpes"", I'd rate this at a 8."
,Recommended,418370,29467263,Posted: 24 January,all,Scyanide,Very similar to P.T. demo released for PS4.  Plays more like Silent Hill than classic RE4-RE6.Very spooky and suspenseful.  Doesn't resort to jump scares like many other horror games.Recommend!
,Recommended,418370,29545598,Posted: 28 January,all,Gamerz-Zone,wow the game really blowed my mindThought it will be a disaster like 6 but this one is amazing
,Recommended,418370,34370911,Posted: 20 August,all,die bich,too spoopy 4 mi
,Recommended,418370,32072626,Posted: 30 May,all,Dakota,Made me poop myself in my diaper!
,Recommended,418370,35010465,Posted: 16 September,all,Vohen,THERES SO MUCHHHHHHHHHHHH BLOOD...NO WAIT...THERES SO MUCH OILLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL ON THIS GAME THAT  THE MAIN CHARACTER SHOULD HAVE BEEN NAMED MARIO OR LUIGI.WTF THIS OIL LEAKAGE IS OFF CHARTS !!!OIL OILLLLLLLLLLLLLL EVERYWHERE5/5 !!! BEST OIL EXTRACTION SIMULATOR
,Recommended,418370,29465507,Posted: 24 January,all,destro,"Ho-lee♥♥♥♥♥♥Capcom, you've made me happy for the first time in 12 years. Resident Evil finally hit it's breakthrough. This is RE coming back, exactly what the fans wanted. The only people who'll hate this game are people who liked RE6.It's some odd mixture of Condemed : Criminal Origins, F.E.A.R, RE1, RE4, and Outlast. And god damn if it doesn't work. I absolutely love it.Pros* Actual tense and nerve wracking atmosphere* A normal mode that's actually challenging, bullet conservation, etc* Otherworldly enemy designs, some are reminiscent of RE4, but I'm okay with that* One of the only long RE games ( 8/9/10 hrs)*  Madhouse modeCONS* No meta game. No mercenaries, nothing. Not even new game +. That is a SIN. Instead, after the credits, you get some lame message that the meta game / DLC (???) will be availible in Spring 2017. How about you make your DLC into the base game, I don't care if it's going to be free dammit.* Music. Why can't scary games have good soundtracks anymore? I loved Code Veronica's, as well as the Silent Hill games. The save room themes cool, but the rest is just ambience.*SEASON PASS ON A SINGLE PLAYER RE WITH NO META GAME. Need I remind you that RE4 had Mercenaries, and two side stories to play, free of charge with the base game? RE5 had mercenaries at least, RER2 had Raid Mode. Really let me down with the post game content, Capcom. Disappointing.OVERALL : I like it. I love it. But there's not much to keep me playing like RE4 did. I'll say this ; as far as story/gameplay go, it's the best since RE4. No matter what your opinion, RE4 was better rounded out, and had more post game content. That being said, I love the game, but even the very old RE games had content to keep you coming back. If DLC is their way of doing that, i'm not buying into it.If I were you, I would not pay $60 for this. It's 10 hours, then a hard mode that might take you another 15. Then, you have to wait for DLC. For the RE Series, this is 10/10. This is just what the game needed to bring it out of the grave. As a regular game, I might give it a 8/10, if it had the post game content that the previous titles did, I would love it a lot more, but they really let me down on that front. If you're just interested in the main story, get this game. Definitely RE's rebirth, I can feel it.EDIT : Also, it's a great port. I forgot people care about that stuff. Capcom's no stranger to making good ports post 2012 from my experience, though. Oh, but it does have Denuvo, I hear people don't like that."
76561198048643232,Recommended,418370,30211425,Posted: 26 February,all,Tuffcooke,"So, I'm traditionally not a fan of horror games. This game, however, did horror really, really well. Most horror media nowadays relies purely on cheap jumpscares. Resident Evil 7, however, does not have many. I counted maybe four jumpscares in an eight hour playthrough. The fear comes from the atmosphere and proper suspense. You never really know what's going to happen next, but watching it unfold slowly is just very unsettling and done very well. There's a section late game where you climb slowly up an elevator shaft, and I was expecting a jumpscare that never came. I reached the top and had no idea to what to expect as I was trying to recover from a non-existentant jumpscare, which kept me in an air of suspense.On to the lore! I won't spoil it, but the characters are neat. Ethan, the protagonist for the majority of the game, is my favorite. His attitude is ""♥♥♥♥ off"". Not in the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥way, but in the sense that he wants to stop fighting monsters and go home. One particularly hilarious exchange was a character was introducing a mini-boss, and Ethan just goes ""No....and ♥♥♥♥ you too!"". There are also clues starting as early as the prologue to a reveal in the final few moments of the game, and if you catch them all, the ""a-ha"" moment just mere minutes before the end of the game is so satisfying. The final boss, however, doesn't fit the tone of the game. It's more like something from DMCOn to the gameplay! The resource management works for and against the game. It's generally fun to make the choices and you feel pretty clever when the choices you make eventually pay off. However, the reason you feel clever about those is kind of poor. Objective items require the same inventory space as actual items like medicine, guns, or crafting ingredients. On one occasion, I had to leave ammo, a rare commodity, behind to have enough space to carry the objective forward to progress the story. That lack of ammo caused me to lose a fight that I was entered into by that objective. Besides that, the shooting is fun. The shotgun specifically is gloriously satisfying with the kicks and the famous click as the new shell is racked.Minor nitpicks: Some weapons have a few animation issues which bother me as somebody who uses firearms as a hobby. Both the shotgun and smg (which is erraneously reffered to as a full machine gun) both chamber a new round after reload, meaning you theoretically should have ejected one. There's also one late-game segment which requires a bit of backtracking.Graphics: Amazing. Even on medium, it's one of the better looking games I""ve ever seen for the most part.Overall: 8/10. I highly recommend the game, and when I ain't broke I intend to get the season pass."
,Recommended,418370,29466765,Posted: 24 January,all,downpour,Reminds me of the classics.
76561198100205093,Recommended,418370,29474697,Posted: 24 January,all,MF JONES,"I have never written a game review on Steam before.... That being said, read the following about this gameThis is easily in my top 5 games of all time playedThis is easily THE best plot/ending games I have ever played...It was incredible from start to finish!I think the best part about it is how well the designers were able to really ""Immerse"" the player into the game as if it was a real live horror movie.All that being said, Capcom hasn't had anything super great since RE4... THIS WAS A HUGE LEAP FORWARD!!!hats off to you Capcom. You didn't just create a game, you created a truly riveting experience!"
,Recommended,418370,34336274,Posted: 18 August,all,"Genji Shimad a,",Best game i ever played its so scarry and creppy i just love it !its so perfet for night playing ;D10/10 :3 <3good job capcom <3
,Recommended,418370,29456780,Posted: 23 January,all,TheronRS @TTV,"About an hour and a half into the game and so far I must say I'm really enjoying it! The game does a very good job at amping up your nerves at the beginning but giving you a sense of defense after you've proven worthy of it.This game definitely keeps the spirit of the Resident Evil series alive while also adding a new twist to the game. If you have been a fan of Resident Evils previously, I highly recommend this game so far."
,Not Recommended,418370,33555747,Posted: 15 July,all,Smash!,"It's a very enjoyable ""immersive experience"" that successfully injects some classic RE mechanics into the first person horror genre, such as inventory management and combat. However, it's a very brief experience that also runs out of steam very early on. For those who have yet to play it, the most iconic setting, imagery and character which this game's marketing puts forth as the central experience is over within the first few hours. The rest of the game remains serviceable but rarely provides as interesting levels or scenarios.The majority of my play time comes from the DLC content which I bought up front in a sale. Most of this content is fairly well made albeit gimmicky and once you've had your fill of each ""minigame"" you'll likely never want to play it again. My favorite is Jack's 55th Birthday Party, which goofy aesthetics aside I find to be the most mechanically deep game this package offers. It requires you to manage your inventory under a time pressure and balance your backpack with items important to scoring points with your ammo,guns and health items, which all take up the same slots.The only problem is that without these DLCs RE7 is criminally lacking in content, and feels like they should have been in the game by default. They're asking for nearly half the price of the main game for these gimmicky mini games, and they haven't even followed through with the other DLC content they promised to finish. As of present RE7 is practically an unfinished product and they're asking for $60+$25-30 for its presently incomplete state.My final verdict is that RE7 is an impressive demonstration of the RE engine that is worth experiencing at least once. But as of present RE7 is a barebones product that is asking a steep price for its minimal content. My recommendation is to wait for the complete edition or if that never comes then to buy this game at a deep discount, because impressive visuals aside it isn't worth more than any one of the other first person horror romps floating around on steam."
76561197975912077,Recommended,418370,29458032,Posted: 24 January,all,Vicarious,"Initial Impression - 2.0 Hours of playtimeUpdated Jan. 25 - 5.0 HoursTL:DR - Resident Evil has reinvented the series again, and it's brilliant..+ Great use of next gen graphics and display enhancements (ran beautifully at 144mhz)+ No Music in the background, and it just adds to the realism+ Controls were responsive, and had a lot of options to edit (both M+KB and Xbox One controller)- It's going to feel painfully short to a lot of players.  Most conservative playthroughs seem to average 10 hours.When RE4 was released, they made some major changes.  The old formula had gotten stale, and people just weren't interested in more of the same.  It was a massive success, but history repeats itself.  RE6 was not well received.  The fans demanded a better game.They got oneThe new Resident Evil changed to a 1st person perspective.  It adds tension and immersion in a way that you just don't get from the 3rd person perspective.  For those that sometimes end up with fps related nausea, like I do.  You can turn off the ""wobbly camera"" option utilized by other games like the new Deus Ex.  I played for 2 hours straight and had no problems at all."
76561197970916475,Recommended,418370,29479757,Posted: 25 January,all,(N☆G) Jackal ★JJ★,Great game! Game plays amazingly and overall FEELS like a resident evil game.The only down side I honestly have is overall length and that fact nothing about this is Resident Evil in terms of plot/story until the last 15 mins of the game.It felt tacked on and didn't really feel like it followed any of the past plots or history with any of the other games. Still it's more than fun.
76561198109858979,Not Recommended,418370,34046385,Posted: 5 August,all,Kalimonde,"Some good and some bad. Highly overrated 6.0/10Pros- The story is more inmersive than last few games- Characters are well developed- Puzzles are fun- New formula goes back to origins, but fail to expand on thatCons:- Really short, 9 hours max, most of them wandering- The last hours of the story are really flat- Free DLC was promised in-game, never happenedThumb down for an OK game that sets too high expectations"
76561198028972483,Recommended,418370,29544895,Posted: 28 January,all,Ghosting you,"Now been playing for about 3 hours and at least the PC version is rather easy and not scary at all... but then again; I haven't found a game or a movie yet that is.Overall how ever this game is VERY VERY pretty and bug free so I do recommend it to people who are easier to scare than me :DAs long as you manage your inventory you'll be fine...or will you?Here you can see my gameplay if you're intrested in the game:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qI6A2hLkN3k(My english sucks, so you have been warned) :D"
,Recommended,418370,29514087,Posted: 26 January,all,rogueactivex,"I completed this game in about 17 hours, and it was definitely worth the $60 I paid. Great atmosphere, good scares (and not too many cheap jumpscares), excellent boss fights. And more than that, an interesting story that had a really good tone, particularly the ending. This is, for me, True Detective Season 2.I'm now going to buy the Season Pass and go through another playthrough on the Madhouse difficulty. Capcom, please keep it coming! I want more adventures in these wetlands and old houses."
76561198036225175,Recommended,418370,29525419,Posted: 27 January,all,Skalkin.45,"It's simply amazing, a lot better than what I expected :) 10 hours of dread & joy. Graphics are good, the sound is awesome, story is great, actors did an amazing job, bla bla bla, just get the game and see for yourself. The only inconvenience is the inventory system, but they wanted to keep it old school so just get over it :)"
,Recommended,418370,29527782,Posted: 27 January,all,Frank Castle's Black Dong,Cucking beautiful
76561198129694266,Recommended,418370,29849382,Posted: 11 February,all,DaBorneLaser,the first few hours of this game were insane but the rest ranged from good to mediocre. but way to bring the horror back capcom and the first person view is awesome. 8/10
76561198163103537,Recommended,418370,29862236,Posted: 11 February,all,Benedict Cumberbatch,"I spent two very enjoyable, yet slightly chilling, evenings playing through this game. From the work put into it, I am extremely satisfied with how it was written, produced, and acted. The storyline definitely gave me chills as I treked deeper into this game. While there are the few uncertainties and confusing moments that left me wandering the houses for answers, the game made up for it by allowing flexibility in certain situations. All-in-all Biohazard was a well-done game and I would recommend it to the puzzle horror lover."
,Recommended,418370,29531992,Posted: 27 January,all,MurrayLeBronie,I thought resident evil died with resident evil 4... I guess i was wrong.
,Recommended,418370,29790216,Posted: 8 February,all,dannyenty,"So, 31 hours played, 5 playthroughs complete (on all difficulties), everything unlocked and I can safely say that I love this game.As a massive fan of Resident Evil (and massively let down by 6), to say I was worried about the next installment is an understatement. Fortunately, Capcom knocked it out of the park with a tremendous game, with excellent atmosphere, gorgeous animations, brutal combat and a cast of very likeable (and horrible) characters.Performance wise, I've not hadtoomany issues (running on a i5 3.4Ghz, 12Gn RAM, GTX 1070) and it runs at a fairly steady 60 fps at maxed out settings. I did experience weird pauses (which could last up to 4-5 seconds), but this was ""fixed"" by changing to Borderless Windowed mode. Not perfect, but by no means unplayable.I absolutey adore the game and constantly want to replay the campaign to re-experience some of the brilliant set pieces and environments. Oh, and Madhouse Mode was terrific - if pant fillingly scary.Welcome to the family, son."
,Recommended,418370,29517302,Posted: 27 January,all,2dgamemania,"Being the 1st first person Resident Evil game I was more interested in this one than the others.  Resident Evil 7 is built using the RE engine, the game shows this off well.  At the start as you drive in, first thing I thought was wow, pretty impressive graphics, very realistic.  The first thing I done was take off vibrate on my controller as I’m using mouse along with everyone else who uses PC and I sorted out some of the graphic options such as field of view and change fps to 60, (was set to 50)  Some of these options along the way in which the menus were set felt like a console game but once this is all set your ready to go.The story is pretty decent and voice acting etc is spot on.  There’s not loads of jump scares but there are a few and maybe this is why it succeeds as you don’t expect the ones that are there, so play with headphones for a better experience.  The puzzles are pretty easy, although I admit I got stuck on one puzzles which when I finally done it, looking back was easy, it was me being dumb.  Maybe the puzzles could be slightly harder or done more like the one I got stuck on (with the telescope).At the start of the game I was a bit concerned about the way one of the characters chase you around and you can’t kill him.  There’s loads of indie games with this type of theme and I prefer when you kill someone they are dead so you can take your time wandering around.  Playing on though, you find it isn’t like this throughout the game so you can take your time looking for hidden loot and yes some loot is hidden ! although you can use an item to make the loot (temporary)  appear for you.  You do have the usual RE theme where you can only carry so many objects so I found myself quite often taking stuff back and fore to the chests.The monsters are done well and quite satisfying killing them although I admit I am playing on easy so probably a lot more of them when playing on normal or hard.  The sound is amazing, done very well with you passing certain locations and bangs and thumps happening with you thinking is something behind you etc, Im not a huge fan of VR but I imagine if you play it on VR it would be pretty good.You find yourself going through the same locations in RE but it is done well and as you progress certain parts of the mansion open up.  I’m really enjoying this game and would recommend it."
,Recommended,418370,29657616,Posted: 2 February,all,Mawrk,One of the best games I have played. Loved every second and im the biggest ♥♥♥♥♥ in the world. Absolute Masterpiece 10/10
76561198069646175,Recommended,418370,29531748,Posted: 27 January,all,Timbuck2,"WELCOME TO THE FAMILY SON. Excellent game by capcom this time around, def recommend."
,Recommended,418370,29486643,Posted: 25 January,all,[3rd] Derthick,"Laughed at the disclaimer in the beginning stating ""take a break from the game if neccessary"".  Proceeded to play an hour and had to take a break!"
76561198343148817,Recommended,418370,29486346,Posted: 25 January,all,Nuro,i swear to ♥♥♥♥ing god if i read one more review saying they needed to buy new pairs of pantsgood game but its too short.. puzzles are dumbed down from re2 days... normal difficulty is too ez and u dont get madhouse unless u preordered.
76561198080016314,Recommended,418370,30148894,Posted: 24 February,all,RustCollector,Spoopy but Goody
,Recommended,418370,30212285,Posted: 26 February,all,Giuseppe,"I liked being welcomed to the family, son."
,Recommended,418370,29513449,Posted: 26 January,all,now im become death,Resident Evil finally goes back to its roots in horror and does a damn good job as well.EDIT:Have finally finished my playthrough of the game and I still highly recommend this entry to the series.Pros:-good horror atmosphere-surprisingly decent story (not fantastic but easily a better resident evil story)-the Baker family are definately well written charactersCons:-the game falls a little short horror wise towards the ending by showering players in ammunition-the generic enemies outside of the Bakers are pretty dull and uninteresting
,Recommended,418370,29732200,Posted: 5 February,all,Diesel Uterus,"That was an awesome experience.The game isn't slow, just these kids have no clue what foreshadowing/pacing is.Its my first game in like 5 years were I actually wanted to 100% it (achievements etc) and I did!I WANT MOAR!"
76561197968274018,Recommended,418370,29625394,Posted: 1 February,all,DocMa,Absolutely Incredible game!As a fan of the original resident evil I finally feel that the series is returning to the way it used to be. Survival horror is what made resident evil so great and this is exactly what the fans of the original game wanted. I never considered RE 5 and 6 being bad games but the more action we got in that games the more mediocre it felt.If you are a fan of survival horror games then this is a must have!
,Recommended,418370,29591416,Posted: 30 January,all,Cloud,"Scariest game I've ever played, nice storyline. Puts you back in that fear of Nemesis showing out of nowhere state."
,Recommended,418370,29490736,Posted: 25 January,all,Joe,Nice
,Recommended,418370,30074188,Posted: 20 February,all,actionBastard64,"Best Resident Evil since 4. Genuinely terrifying, actual survival-horror."
76561198119014334,Recommended,418370,29504199,Posted: 26 January,all,Bleeding from rectum is okay,"Played through once so far, and still have some mixed feelings about the redesign of the series, although this was a great improvement from RE6. Atmosphere was mostly satisficing expect for some moments in the script/cutscenes that made me laugh more than scared, which leads us to the main issue of the game, it's not scary, though I don't know how could you make a game scary to be honest. Played on normal and bossfights/combat are quite easy, found myself knifing most of the enemies and every boss that can be killed with a knife, I did. Puzzles are as easy as in previous games. Loved the little throwbacks to older games and the backtracking which was done well. But overall the atmosphere is the standing stone that keeps this game together and worth playing through multiple times and also the reason why it took me over 15h to complete (I love to look at stuff and details). Oh and 3 crashes with the first playthrough."
76561198093443488,Recommended,418370,29477855,Posted: 24 January,all,DekuButlersSon,"Gameplay: Yes / 10Sound: Yes / 10Music: Yes / 10Story: Yes / 10Horror: Yes / 10Characters: Yes / 10Resident Evilness: Yes / 10Length of Game: This one... I beat it in 9 hours and of course I want more, but compared to other games of the genre, it's actually pretty standard. I'm not complaining and expect to play 9 hours several more times."
,Recommended,418370,29476576,Posted: 24 January,all,Drewkemia,"good game, ending made my♥♥♥♥♥♥hard. If you're too poor to pay 60 bucks, please pay during sales. I beat the game in 7 hours so if you think that isnt worth 60 then id recommend waiting. In my opinion, id pay 60 just to see the ending. My♥♥♥♥♥♥is still hard from seeing it."
,Recommended,418370,29510736,Posted: 26 January,all,FrankHandsome,"So I have played a pretty long time now and I rly like this game, I like it as a horror game, its freaky, lots of gore and it has decent voice actors. So the story is great! :)But here comes my complaint... So I am not gonna be like ""ohh its hard to find ammo"" cus thats Resident Evil in a nutshell, but rather the ""Stealh feature"" as I am gonna call it. What I mean is that its feel like the game whants you to stealth around, mutch more then the other games maybe. That is cus you can slightly open the door then open it, I would like a peek feature so you can look through the door before you enter the unknown room. And some props just fly when you walk on them, making alot of noice.But other then that its a rly good game and tbh it gave me some nightmares.And the best part of this game is... I havent found a bug yet :D"
,Recommended,418370,29478695,Posted: 25 January,all,The Semen Arsonist,"Most of the positives come from the Atmosphere and clear influence from The Texas Chain Saw Massacre, and the process of producing a game that is somewhat similar to RE1 - where you mostly wonder around an open environment engaging with puzzles and your inventory.But, many have expressed concern regarding many changes, however I'd say its issues are within' how scripted it is. At times I found that I could simply avoid characters by walking through doors.  An example of this is when you find the shotgun for the first time, if you try to pick it up the door shuts behind you, and if Jack is nearby he'll despawn. He also sometimes just appears behind me, and it ultimately feels like I'm engaging with a film.As a result, some may deem such a thing a positive outcome. Due to the nature of a film, they're commonly conducted in a manner with the intent of exploiting the audience to feel something during a certain moment, they can do this from the actors to the use of music. RE7 does something similar, it's very scripted, so it feels great during the first time you experience it, but during a second or third time it may become boring.Personally, it doesn't bother me that much, I like movies, and this feels like you're engaging in your very own horror film. But RE7 could have greatly benefited from an unpredicable AI similar to the likes of Alien: Isolation.It isn't awful, but I'd personally recommend a sale due to how old it may get for some after a first playthrough. Or, if you can't wait, try it out with the refund policy."
,Recommended,418370,30000485,Posted: 17 February,all,h00rse,♥♥♥♥ING AWESOME.I GOT BROKEN GUNS THAT IS REPAIRED.♥♥♥♥ING BARN FIGHT.♥♥♥♥ING RE5 CHRIS♥♥♥♥ING LITTLE GIRLI GOT CLANCYI GOT LUCASI GOT ZOEI GOT MIAI GOT JACKI GOT GRANDMAI GOT M21 SHOTGUNI GOT FIRST AID MEDSI GOT NO ONE
,Recommended,418370,29603584,Posted: 31 January,all,Iluminatus,All I can say is no love is worth this much of trouble.
76561198171484249,Recommended,418370,30902101,Posted: 2 April,all,DrKchetes,R.E. is back baby!
76561197990480925,Recommended,418370,30891631,Posted: 1 April,all,Titanic_Toddler,Resident Evil is finally back.
76561198104595066,Recommended,418370,29576342,Posted: 29 January,all,kid comeback,This game is WICKED. It exceeds all my expectations. The good ol survival scary theme and atmosphere from the first series is back. The storyline is totally worth a journey all tho game seems a really bit short but all in all it's definetely 10/11
76561198079239891,Recommended,418370,31037383,Posted: 9 April,all,Chlorine and Wine,"I've played Resident Evil 5 & 6, which are the more action-focused games but I still fun for me. Resident Evil 7 is completely different, but that's great. It truly feels like a survival horror.The atmosphere is tense, there aren't cheap scares, the crafting system is intuitive, combat is simple (but challenging), ammo is scarce but not too scarce, and (I think what matters the most to me) the story is enthralling.I wouldn't recommend this game if survival-horror isn't your thing, but I'd recommend it to fans of the series, horror enthusiasts, or just anyone who's interested."
,Recommended,418370,33127321,Posted: 2 July,all,Tixerp | noyl-comic.tumblr.com,people like me who have an abusive dad will enjoy this game and find it very relatable
,Recommended,418370,32795093,Posted: 25 June,all,Nihil Reich,I'm not that far in the game yet but just for that garage scene alone it is worth buying.
76561198064930702,Recommended,418370,30976339,Posted: 6 April,all,J Rob,"You get the most and the best Resident Evil experience in this installment. It's what Resident Evil wanted to be in the first place. It's pure true/classic survival horror, and with Resident Evil 7, the genre may be returning with success and I can't wait for that to happen. I had a great time!The Resident Evil team did their best and what we got was a masterpiece."
,Recommended,418370,32893455,Posted: 27 June,all,Halo,First game to make my gpu put out heat. 10/10
,Recommended,418370,29459976,Posted: 24 January,all,S U R V I V O R,Finally proper Resident Evil 4
76561198042120701,Recommended,418370,29477917,Posted: 24 January,all,l.,"spent half an hour fixing flashlight issues, audio de-sync needs fixing as well. Then met my wife, got ♥♥♥♥ed, ♥♥♥♥ed, got REALLY ♥♥♥♥ed, got spooked, ♥♥♥♥ed but was still in the process recovering from previous ♥♥♥♥ing, and then I met the in-laws. I'm so spookedEDIT: Finished it, its pretty great."
76561198045762914,Recommended,418370,33167927,Posted: 2 July,all,Orphee,"CAPCOM....Finally after a very long time, you made a Resident Evil, please take your precautions, write down the recipe and please NEVER FORGET!!!Great game, already beaten but wanting a second round as soon as i have more time to play"
,Recommended,418370,32569981,Posted: 19 June,all,Vendetta,"Best Resident Evil Game i've ever played after Resident Evil 4.It brings back the horror feel and survival game that i wanted, Giving this game a perfect 10 rating and highly recommend everyone who loves RE series to play this :Dnot a single night i regret buying this game , One of the Happiest moment of my life."
,Recommended,418370,29456759,Posted: 23 January,all,عمر,"FIRST HOUR IMPRESSIONS:It's quite a neat departure from the other Resident Evil games. Don't expect a ton of action from this one, but that makes the enemy encounters all the more terrifying. It has a meticulously crafted setting that has so much detail. I think the PT comparisons are apt. I'll be playing this one through to the end, something that I rarely do in horror games as they tend to fizzle out by their mid-points, but I think the atmosphere and the story may hold my attention.Oh and it's definitely not for the squeamish!COMPLETED GAME:Happy to say that the quality doesn't let up, except for during an end-game sequence that throws way too many enemies at you. Overall, the pacing in this game is phenomenal, and the use of the videotapes is very clever.I enjoyed all of the bosses this game, although I can see why people are already complaining about how bullet-spongey and gimmicky they are. I liked how the fact that you are constantly low on bullets and health forces you to stay on edge and to panic even more, accentuating the overall level of fear. It's a nice touch when the gameplay works in line with the story like that.Can't recommend this game more."
,Recommended,418370,29812325,Posted: 9 February,all,Chwanjj,good
76561197975837784,Recommended,418370,29810248,Posted: 9 February,all,Glutenfree,"Amazing.... If you love scary games and tricky puzzles you should definitely buy this game. The playtime isnt very long, but if you really want to explore every corner, which you should, it lasts much longer. It isnt as scary as you may think, only in the beginning of the game. The second half of the game was less scary, and was a bit too much action for me. Overall, I definitely dont regret buying this game and will play it again.However, it costs a lot and I did not like the ending at all. There was no boss and the game is too easy.8/10"
76561198028465616,Recommended,418370,30880750,Posted: 1 April,all,✦ KroniX,Issa good game. 👌
,Recommended,418370,29725714,Posted: 5 February,all,ModulationMatt,One of the best horror games I have ever played.
,Recommended,418370,31610851,Posted: 7 May,all,KittenKaiserin,"Love this game, for sure my favorite, tip for anyone playing this for the first time, finish some of the main game achievements for items that makes madhouse easier to deal with."
76561197989631320,Recommended,418370,29578680,Posted: 29 January,all,LOLYOU---!!,10/10+ graphic+ horror+ fps+ Best story+ any difficuty♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198088380725,Recommended,418370,29578718,Posted: 29 January,all,DeathKnightDad,"If you need a way to cure your constipation problem, this game will make you wish you had worn diapers."
76561198010612160,Recommended,418370,32973234,Posted: 28 June,all,Bjørn,A ♥♥♥♥ing Nightmare!9 of 10.
76561198017134699,Recommended,418370,29622331,Posted: 31 January,all,Cdc1893,Saved my marriage by killing a child. 9/10 would save my marriage again.
,Recommended,418370,29754010,Posted: 6 February,all,PRIYANXHU,Its perfect for small children teachs them all about love and friendship. i would highly recomend to put your children right into to this game.
,Recommended,418370,31305182,Posted: 22 April,all,OoOoOoO,I produced alot of stool while playing this video game would recomend a diaper while playing the only game ive been fearful of in my life good job you crazy japs.
,Recommended,418370,29462086,Posted: 24 January,all,My Life is already END,i got around 1500 hour in fallout 4 and try to move onim dont think RE7 is a good game anymore after thier movie suck so bad(but i play the game from re1)now i feel like legendary Resident evil is backTHIS GAME IS JUST AMAZING FOR ME - SHITBAG EVERY WHERE XDDDAAAA game
,Recommended,418370,29608961,Posted: 31 January,all,pad,Adopted by a new family 11/10
,Recommended,418370,29479221,Posted: 25 January,all,zuppaclub,"where's the almighty RPG? O_ooh well, at least I have good ol' shotgun :"">"
76561198072444386,Recommended,418370,29546521,Posted: 28 January,all,Turbo,"After finishing up the game, i have to say this is BY FAR one of my favorite Resident Evils! It brings back the old vibes that it once had (True Fans of RE will know what i'm talking about) and also brings in a load of new with it!I jumped into this game with lower expectations thinking i would be disappointed. WOW was i mistaken. This game has the perfect mix of horror and story telling. They did a fantastic job making it a psychological horror with a deep story!The puzzle's are really nice too, i never really got bored of them like i thought i would.The First Person I barely even noticed, it just felt.. Right!The gunplay mechanics felt really good as well, they managed to keep that RE feeling from previous games in a First Person view.The Story felt refreshing, at some points it would get a little slow, but not to the point of getting bored. I always wanted to know what was going to happen next!The main character's were kind of dull AT FIRST, but once I got more into the story they really started to connect with me.As you can probably tell by now, this is an extremely positive review! (FROM MY TIME) I only enjoyed this game! I never for a second was regretting my purchase! I think Capcom did an amazing job this time around and would love to see more from them like this!But final thought's!! Based off my experience i had no problems like other people have been talking about, the game ran smooth 99% of the time. People have also been saying it's not worth 60$ To ME it was worth that price. If you're looking for a good story with a horror theme, then i recommend this 100%!BUT! Do some research on this game before buying because if you are expecting a Resident Evil 5 or 6 feel from this, you will be disappointed. The game takes a whole new turn, and it's a great one."
,Recommended,418370,34021775,Posted: 4 August,all,Sinbad's Therapist,"It's a FANTASTIC horror game, just not a good Resident evil game."
,Recommended,418370,29489555,Posted: 25 January,all,Ashely Frost,"So I started this game with low expectations, I dont know why but I felt that nothing could top resident evil 6. Resident evil 6 in my eyes was really heart touching and a great expirence, there was lots of gameplay and the endings made me really happy and sad and mixed emotions, its not often a game does that to a teenager (15 years old)My sisters use to play reisdent evil 1 and 2 with me when I was a very young age (maybe 6 or 7) and I remeber it all because resident evil have just made such great games and such great moments to remember. I loaded this game up and I thought from the intro this game would not be a very good story one, I dont know why but it struck me as one I wont enjoy, a few minutes later I was jumpscared many times, I felt helpless and my heart was racing in most of this game, the monsters in it make your heart drop at first because you think theres no way to escape them, all I can say to that is doors are your best friends in this game, closing one will make the ""other"" monsters go away, classed as other because they are not the main.In this game, there are saferooms as to be expected from a resident evil game, there was only one problem with the saferooms was that they never felt safe (this is not an insult). You are always on your feet which I love, you have to really think hard and long for some choices like the way your going to fight this boss, routes you can take to avoid monsters, timing attacks and things like that.Was this game worth getting ?YES!!! I STRONGLY RECOMMEND BUYING THIS GAME IF YOU HAVENT ALREADY!My first expirence to this was great and I loved the plot, the story became more in depth as you progressed and learnt about what really happened, I was left speechless (In a good way) at the ending.The only problem was I had small fps drops, around lots of corners, noticable but a sacrrifice I was willing to make for highest graphics, I have a GTX 1060 so I dont understand why there was these drops but it was not that bad at all, only sometimes was it really annoying, it never disrupted me from playing or came to the point where I hated it.This is the most intense game I have played in a long time, thanks for the gameplay and I will defintley be coming back for the DLC for this game.9/10"
76561198043851802,Recommended,418370,29532970,Posted: 27 January,all,Deegs,"Why does every horror movie/game have a 7 year old girl with long black hair do some ghost ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Cmon guys, its getting old.Story starts out fantastic ends in meh 6/10Gameplay 10/10Overall: 9/10Jack is Dad"
76561198204605977,Recommended,418370,29473228,Posted: 24 January,all,Dev-Dude-Tyler,It's a great game. It's more thrilling than scary with its chase and boss fights. I was actually in the heat of a fight so bad that I actually threw myself into a panic attack and had to stop playing (Not joking). Just be alert of your heartrate and don't over do it. Fantastic fun and looks great.
,Recommended,418370,33155774,Posted: 2 July,all,Dranged,A very pleasant surprise in the resident evil franchise.
,Recommended,418370,30463031,Posted: 11 March,all,Its Fresh Milk,amazing
76561198167467413,Recommended,418370,29547402,Posted: 28 January,all,Rizkywiranegara,"This game is beyond i expectedWhen you think you really saved? But you don't. When people talk they want the action an more explosive weapons this is not a war game its a horror/survival game dude, when you must survived to complete this game with any condition, crafting to survive its a very new in a resident evil. And of course, i like the story line of the game the new protagonist with no idea whats coming next its very very cool, and the antagonist bakers family they made a new of horror antagonist.I like the idea for bring the classic resident evil like save room, chest, and original herb to the game and of course the recorder to savegame (like the last resident evil like 1,2,3,4 but saved game its from typerwriter)"
76561197997827191,Recommended,418370,29505490,Posted: 26 January,all,deadlyass,"died at the butcher chainsaw part, now says no loadable save points available. has anyone encountered this?"
,Recommended,418370,29579713,Posted: 29 January,all,rolo.noski On Vacation!,its fun and scary
76561198157714507,Recommended,418370,29469874,Posted: 24 January,all,SHT.XiaoAkio,is a good story....finish in 10hourslol
,Recommended,418370,33645436,Posted: 18 July,all,I found a grundle fungus!,"I am da stobe with a bobe. Know I know mean things know understand it all. Am smart like that. Game gud, but I ordered cereal and got this instead so 1 star for that, but 5 stars cuz its a good game ignoring the cerealessness ifyanowatimean"
,Recommended,418370,34323677,Posted: 18 August,all,HoomanSA8,New DLC Plz :|
76561198018139967,Recommended,418370,29495957,Posted: 25 January,all,alecgamer4,Amazing!!! Scary AF
76561198052354619,Recommended,418370,30420190,Posted: 9 March,all,Naughty Pecker,Pretty good.
76561197970632184,Recommended,418370,29487463,Posted: 25 January,all,AMDTroll,"Ah Resident Evil...Brings back the memories from my 90's highschool days when I first started RE1 in 96. I've played all but a few in the series. I'm about 5 hours in and for the first time since RE3 I feel like Resident Evil is back to form. The atmosphere oozes with nice touches from the likes of Texas Chainsaw Massacre to older game titles such as FEAR. Now for some Pro's & Cons...Pro's1. Graphics - Gore by the truck loads, the lighting, it screams RE in its tone...2. Runs great for me (playing on the TV with my less powerful 2nd machine *AMD 860K/ RX 460 4GB* Locked 30fps. Run it on max, or medium...doesn't really matter @ 1080p on that rig. *Your results will vary*3. Sound - Subtle, but very effective. Headphones are a must, a great home theatre setup works great to, it'll have you turning your head at the sound cues. I have tried it on both. So far playing it cranked on the home theatre.4. Enemies - Think redneck zombies and BOWs thrown in...5. Overall Feel - It does remind me of older RE games. Item managment is back, and it has fun weapons to toy around with.Cons1. No PC VR option at release, the vive would have been a much better experience from the get go just based on specs alone with proper room scale... *I don't own a VIve* it's in the works though...2. It's $60.00 on steam, but someone has to get paid eh...3. Didn't release during October...what a shame.Overall, 9/10 - I'm neutral on the 1pp change, but other than that I'm loving it. Pick it up..."
,Recommended,418370,31804846,Posted: 17 May,all,Ls101201,"Two words. Great Game. The story is very good and pulls you in the horror factor is decent, the jumpscares are not very often but are good but the creepy factor is this games best selling point it is so good! every second you feel like you are about to be jumscared and that fear factor makes a horror game. the only problem is that the middle of the game has you walking around the same place over and over trying to find what to do and where to go (The crashed ship part) this is my first resident evil game and after this i plan to play them all, a must get 8.9/10"
76561198044291784,Recommended,418370,29534562,Posted: 27 January,all,Foxareno,the game was amazing. the best resident evil ive played thats for surethe gameplay is better in first person because it actually adds to the horror for the game and it still feels like an old resident evil which is good because i hated the direction the series took after 4prosgame looks great and its well optimizedi love the new viewthe antagonists in this game are some of the best in the series cuz there not driblling on about world domination or the t virus all the time like other ppl.the garage scene was nutsold style inventory management (con for some but not for me adds to old re1 feel)the new character ethan is my favorite of the series so far. he actually reacts like a real person actually freaking the ♥♥♥♥ out when he sees a monster or being chased down. and he can take more of a beating than any character in the re series (besideds wesker) He int no pussay!ConsPrice is steep. its capcom so itll go on sale id wait.theres an autosave system beisdes the tapeplayer/typewriter system. which is dumb becuase it c0ompletely makes the typewriters useless unlesss you need soemthing from way earlier
,Recommended,418370,29827446,Posted: 10 February,all,PizzaTime6,awesome game thats easy enough for new comers and higher difficulty for seasoned players. overall A++
76561198053874008,Recommended,418370,34865746,Posted: 10 September,all,Ebayo,Why you should not get married simulator.
,Recommended,418370,29934921,Posted: 14 February,all,itsACoppa,"Game of the year 2017, calling it right now."
76561198003308890,Recommended,418370,34384187,Posted: 20 August,all,raquelambersantiago,"Ok spent last night playing this game for all night.  Im torn on this one really i am.  OK story line, CRAPPY graphics even remastered, crappy aiming system, half thought of monsters that required no real thought or input.  I really liked the puzzle designs of shadows that was creative but this seemed more of a puzzle game rather than an extension of Resident Evil and the add on content just SUCKS.  I bought the deluxe edition and now wishing i had not because the two DLC content is a JOKE.  However, if you are a resident evil junkie like me than you need it in your collection just dont add the DLC.7/10"
76561198052426486,Recommended,418370,29457525,Posted: 23 January,all,iRaphahell,"I don't know why are people complaining about optimisation, I get over 100 FPS with 980TI, after reading the reviews I've thought it was very very bad and I would barely get 60, but the game is smooth"
,Recommended,418370,34327479,Posted: 18 August,all,projecteulogy | gamekit.com,"Yesterday, I found the Demo for RE7. Creepy. Nice. Ambient! Man. 60$ price tag for a rather short game from what i've read online... IDK.... I'll think about it. Not like i don't have the Steam $ saved up.. But eh.....10 minutes after finishing it, Capcom put the whole franchise including RE7 sale for half off. I don't need an in game indicator to tell me that this is a sign from RNGesus and I need to listen. Actually, I would have bought it now that Ive played a bunch of the game for the full price. I never pay full price and i've only preordered 2 games my whole 25 years gaming..(I iz old :\)... Which was WoW: Legion, and Halo: Anniversary(just because).20/10 would get my hand cut off and drug through a swamp and miraculously not catch any diseases and immediately retain full use of my severed limb after being reattached..."
76561198043549843,Recommended,418370,30024638,Posted: 18 February,all,sithsaber1,"GF got this for me for Valentines because she loves horror games but can't physically play them because she gets too frightened. We just finished it tonight after spending every free hour we had with her perched over my shoulder, giving directions, and screeching every five minutes. The experience was amazing. This is both the best looking and most frightening game I've ever played. When you look at things rotting you can practically smell the odor. My only real complaint is that, having beaten it, my life is now empty and meaningless."
,Recommended,418370,29600248,Posted: 30 January,all,KyleN7,"Best Resident Evil game since Resident Evil 4. Has some elements from Outlast, Alien Isolation and P.T. A return to form for the series."
,Recommended,418370,29478171,Posted: 25 January,all,kavu,COME HEREAH  PIGGEE PIGGEE PIGGE
,Recommended,418370,30753736,Posted: 26 March,all,Togar,"Didn't play any earlier part of RE, cos of their style - zombies, third-person view  and ect. But this is a very nice horror brutal game! Looks like Rob Zombie movies with some mysticism - it's great! =)"
76561198130033373,Recommended,418370,30837197,Posted: 30 March,all,dpaulflow,Best Resident Evil game hands down
,Recommended,418370,29501440,Posted: 26 January,all,Swayze,Awesome game
,Recommended,418370,30487326,Posted: 13 March,all,Skunk,"Resident Evil 7 is exactly what a RE game should be but is the price fair?Pro:-Great story with lots of interesting clues waiting to be found. If you want to properly experience the story you need to look at every object that has text written on it, from photos and documents to boots thrown away in a corner of a room.-More survival-horror and less action-oriented gameplay similar to RE4. I am so happy to see that the gameplay from older RE games is here: The save room, finding hidden supplies, old school inventory,-Graphics: In my opinion Capcom kept with with graphics this time, and combined with the great gameplay this truly is a survival horror game.Cons:The only thing that I hate about this game is that Capcom added a season pass to a ~10hours-long single player game that has no multiplayer at all...I know that, unfortunately for us gamers, we live in the season pass era, but if you look back to other RE games, along the main storywe had multiplayer, other side-stories to play or same story from another perspective and other game mods that would provide many more hours of gameplay, I really think this game should have provided the full experience for 50euros, not 80."
76561198114817545,Recommended,418370,30198550,Posted: 26 February,all,LudoKai,"So in short; This game is incredible. From the aesthetic, graphically and mechanically. My only gripe is it's length.So..Resident Evil went back to it's roots. From the tight and claustrophobic corridors to enemies that put genuine fear into you.Exploring the plantation is fun. Easter egg here but the people who built the original mansion in RE1 were actually commissioned to build the plantation to expect the kind of puzzles you'd see in the original RE games.Combat feels slow, heavy and precise. Playing on harder difficulties emphasises this. When you miss a shot it's not down to the mechanics but down to you not predicting where the enemy will be.The actual story feels incomplete but there's a reason to that; they plan on expanding the story through DLC [one of which is going to be free]A nice little sidenote for franchise lovers but there's references to previous games including paintings of the Arklay mountains and articles published by Alyssa Ashcroft from RE;Outbreak.My big gripe with this game is it's longevity. I've seen reviewers state that this is a 10-12 hour experience but both playthroughs for me were short [first clocking in at 5 hours 21 minutes and my second being just over the 5 hour mark]. I'm the kind of player that enjoys reading the articles, diaries and exploring and even through doing that it still took me barely any time to complete and I know this will be an issue for a lot of gamers. That being said the quality of the game itself is high. Just like FireWatch was short it was an enjoyable experience because of of quality of the game.And as for performance? I'm a Phenom user so I had to wait for a patch to roll out. I don't have a powerful rig as of yet and I was still running the game at over 60fps consistently so the optimisation is great here.All in all this is an absolutely solid game. The DLC [Volume 1 & 2] is hit and miss with parts like Daughters being great for story and content whereas Nightmare is literally just a horde-mode that I feel would've benefited heavily from co-op.Game is great and I'll always recommend it. It's the beginning of Capcom bringing Resident Evil back to it's roots."
76561198064927352,Recommended,418370,29532227,Posted: 27 January,all,MADOKAFORTHEWIN,best Resident since 4
,Recommended,418370,29583124,Posted: 30 January,all,beastz0R,best game ever !!! 10/10
,Recommended,418370,29468707,Posted: 24 January,all,Vorpal Snow,"THIS is how you do a proper horror survival game.So, is it classic-like Resident Evil? 50% yes, 50% no. Is it better than the classics? If you don't have your nostalgia glasses on, then yes.The gameplay, especially the gunplay, is amazing. The entire game mechanics are well made and enjoyable to use. Though the game could've used more puzzles, but the ones we got are clever, yet not frustrating, which is, in my opinion, good.The atmosphere is spot on and creates something exceptional. 7's constant tension and dread is amazing.The enemies are not as diverse as in the previous games, but it fits the overall tone of  7 better, than if you encountered new enemy in each room.  There's also fine selection of satisfying guns to use. My favourite was the Hunting double barrel shotgun, which is not used in games that much, we usually get the typical one. The boss fights are where the real fun is, they are clever, entertaining and somewhat challenging.The story is great, nothing mindblowing, but great. Writing is well handled and the overall pacing of the game doesn't unnecessarily drag on, neither it goes too fast. The story telling in 7 is definetly the best one in Resident Evil game yet. The characters are also suprisingly good for a new cast. I especially liked the main character and the antagonist Jack Baker.The length is nothing exceptional, if you know what you're doing and you don't care for exploration much, you will finish this in 6-9 hours. However, the game is replayable, thanks to it's well scaled difficulties.Inventory management makes glorious return. It's limited, and you often have to manage which items to take with you and which ones to keep in the safe room's storage boxes. (Even when you expand the storage). The amount of resources is scarce, and you usually have to manage your ammo pretty well, even when you think you have more than enough. The next corner might prove your otherwise.I would give this game a 10/10, were there not annoying stutters when loading new areas and were the game a little bit longer, however, for it's replayability, it's classic, yet original approach to the genre, it get's a solid 9.5/10. It's a must buy for any fan of Resident Evil and any fan of the genre."
76561198062797027,Recommended,418370,30776652,Posted: 27 March,all,"Sage Of Canada, Bobo Won",Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope!
76561198169415164,Recommended,418370,33911172,Posted: 30 July,all,SamSinen,"enjoyed playing through the campaign, was fun but the game really doesn't give any real reason for you to replay it outside of playing on higher difficulties."
76561198005918749,Recommended,418370,33873033,Posted: 28 July,all,Chiaki Nanami *Ultimate Gamer*,"I know this is a good game based on the walkthroughs.....but whenever i play it, somehow the game keeps crashing.....I think it has to do with the fact that it is in HD. If capcom could release a low def version for PC....I, as well as many other players, would be happy."
,Recommended,418370,29493093,Posted: 25 January,all,Snake Foresk1n,"When I played the demo, I have to admit that I was skeptical about Resident Evil 7. I am happy to report that my doubts in this game were entirely wrong, this is a brilliant return to survival horror form, and the best entry in the series since the original.There are so many things that the game did correctly that it's difficult to articulate them all, but the game managed to nail so many of the elements that made classic Resident Evil so great while updating the gameplay to a modern era.Exploration, item and resource management, puzzles, set pieces, memorable boss fights, tense combat, and a overwhelming sense of atmosphere all come together to form a package that becomes greater than the sum of its parts.The pacing is perfect, and the story is drip fed to the player just the right amount to encourage play without drowning in exposition.It took me six hours and fourty five minutes to complete my first playthrough, and I never once felt like the game had overstayed its welcome, I enjoyed every moment of it. For me, it was worth the high price of admission.If you enjoy true survival horror, I emplore you to buy this game and play it in its entirety alone in a dark room with a pair of headphones. I guarantee that you will enjoy this game, no matter how much you buy it for."
,Recommended,418370,29522453,Posted: 27 January,all,Auriel,Beat the game in 3 hours the story was great but the pace started to slow down towards the final few hours of the game but overall great game 8.5/10
76561197966793531,Recommended,418370,29517274,Posted: 27 January,all,THE HATED HUMANIST,"Resident Evil 7 is to now what Resident Evil 4 was 12 years ago.They managed to make a killer Resident Evil, not just in first person mode, but in a hyper intense VR FPS.The graphics are so mindnumbingly photorealistic that this Super FPS ""VR FPS"" manages to make the images and objects pop off the screen at you, even in 2D.I am very near the end, but taking my time and enjoying the scenery, I'm up to 13 hours playtime and haven't beat it yet.I'm playing this in 4K maxed out, on a 65"" OLED in HDR. I haven't stopped ♥♥♥♥♥♥ing yet.BUY THIS GAME!"
76561198194692317,Recommended,418370,29668665,Posted: 3 February,all,Psyc0poon,2scary5me...Seriously though i refunded this game simply cos im too much of a ♥♥♥♥♥. Great game and♥♥♥♥♥♥but damn i nearly have a heart attack playin dis...9/10
,Recommended,418370,29468700,Posted: 24 January,all,Jury,very good game thank you
76561198053033249,Recommended,418370,34411924,Posted: 22 August,all,ManDontCare,Will give you PTSD.
,Recommended,418370,29515410,Posted: 26 January,all,The Definite Integral,"Game is legit. There is absolutely no reason you should hesitate to purchase this game at the $60.00 pricetag. Once you beat this beautiful, eerie-as-all-hell adventure, you can really test your wits in Madhouse Difficulty. 9/10, sets the bar high."
76561198006064887,Recommended,418370,29515244,Posted: 26 January,all,Willibald,"Very nice first-person survival action adventure. Most keys are definable, and lots of graphics options to play with. With the settings I like it runs at 70-80 frames per second on a Nvidia GTX 770."
76561198368161846,Recommended,418370,30451985,Posted: 11 March,all,Shima,10/10 like god daym great game.
76561197981310689,Not Recommended,418370,29605707,Posted: 31 January,all,Doc [SIRRIS],Grafik:       8/10Sound:     10/10Gameplay: 7/10Story:        6/10Horror:       4/10Playtime:   2/10   <-(7h)25$ Game
76561198158088764,Recommended,418370,29973830,Posted: 16 February,all,figg12,I love this game it is my favorite horror game since Dead Space. It kept me on the edge of my seat the whole time and delivered some great scares.
76561198179165853,Recommended,418370,29773737,Posted: 7 February,all,kingcatom,wow *0*
76561198011117133,Recommended,418370,29510492,Posted: 26 January,all,Joba Fett,As you can see i'm not scared at all. I'm gonna wait until it's daytime.
,Recommended,418370,29709747,Posted: 4 February,all,Ak_Duke,One of the absolute greatest games I have ever played.
,Recommended,418370,29647972,Posted: 2 February,all,SEKTOR321178,A great game just avoid using the Steam Overlay as it tends to crash it.
76561198349666149,Recommended,418370,29529149,Posted: 27 January,all,SilentMcCloud,"This game is a breath of fresh air! For a franchise that seemed to be going down the road of stale, this is one powerhouse of a comeback. The game has that true sense of panic and urgency that dates back to the franchise origins. Everything about this game from the first minute to the last is unsettling, chilling, and at times just plain 'ol disturbing. Probably one of the only RE games that I've had to take breaks from playing at times.This is just about everything I could ask for in a Resident Evil game, definite risk going in a new direction, but it certainly pays off. Game is 100% worth your money, my reccomendation may be to hold off on the season pass until more details come forth on the content."
76561198032998287,Recommended,418370,29762149,Posted: 7 February,all,PC,This game will make America great again!!
,Recommended,418370,29466672,Posted: 24 January,all,Nakano Azusa,I like games very much
,Recommended,418370,30845920,Posted: 30 March,all,bobrob48,"A refreshing take on the Resident Evil series, the story is interesting and the first person perspective makes the spooky atmosphere much more effective in scaring you. I hope future Resident Evils can be as good as this, well done Capcom!"
,Recommended,418370,29457288,Posted: 23 January,all,Lylac,i need me some spooky♥♥♥♥♥♥just like silent hills P.T.
,Recommended,418370,30336095,Posted: 5 March,all,Autism is a blessing,BEST HORROR GAME EVEEEEER
76561198133855958,Recommended,418370,29916487,Posted: 14 February,all,Cyphus,"This game is a MUST BUY, great spooky game!"
76561198111297451,Recommended,418370,29947590,Posted: 15 February,all,BigBangBazingaBingBongBurger,Did you mean:Louisiana Bayou Stress Simulator
,Recommended,418370,30069515,Posted: 20 February,all,VeNoM,"MUST BUY IF YOU LOVE HORROR GAMES.This is one of the most amazing horror games I've ever played.Graphics : 10/10Gameplay: 8.5/10 -> The melee combat sucks, that's the only thing.Horror: 10/10I've played games like Outlast, Alien: Isolation in the past, but this game tries to keep you on your seat just wondering what's around the corner. There are some amazing jump scare moments in the game and various boss fights.Overall - 9.5/10"
,Recommended,418370,29982387,Posted: 17 February,all,Käveleväbajamaja,"Graphics 10/10Best resident evil game 10/10Story 10/10ps, Its easy to play :)I really recommend this it is not that scary as it looks likeBest horror game that ive played, Its worth it!It's not about zombies, they are NOT attacking crows, or dogs.Its about the story. This game is not about killing monsters only it's really good  and SO! worth it!thank you capcom!Welcome to the family son!"
76561198008467680,Recommended,418370,30383084,Posted: 7 March,all,Sarindre,Great game and perfect addition to the RE series.
76561198147394454,Recommended,418370,31843091,Posted: 19 May,all,Lil Mayo,Well I finally just finished the campaign on normal! And it was one of the best story driven games i've played to date! Would recommend to any puzzle / horror / stategy players :)
,Recommended,418370,29457201,Posted: 23 January,all,Ecliptikz  ツ,"As a grown man, I have never had a game make me feel like a little ♥♥♥♥♥boy before. It hurts. 3spoopy5me/10."
76561197975523869,Recommended,418370,29507779,Posted: 26 January,all,Plex,"Finally a proper Resident Evil game.In the twenty years since the original, the series has strayed further and further away from what made it great. With the release of RE VII, it is no longer a clunky, third person shooter. Instead, it is a mash up of hillbilly horror and The Thing with a first person perspective that fits perfectly."
76561198047085161,Recommended,418370,29457156,Posted: 23 January,all,BeyondXSuperior,If you love old school resident evil then this is the game to play loving the story so far and what can i say its what res was when i played when i was young
76561198046656849,Recommended,418370,29938794,Posted: 15 February,all,Nick,k
,Recommended,418370,35193932,Posted: 24 September,all,Zandy12,This game was one of the most scariest games I played (even compared to Outlast 2). Don't get me wrong Outlast 2 was scary as heck. The atmosphere and ambience was what really got me on my toes. You can really feel a sense of dread while playing this game. The game had an amazing storyline and really pulled you into it. 10/10
,Recommended,418370,29462495,Posted: 24 January,all,Day Soda,"ก้าวต่อไปของซีรีส์ Resident Evil ที่กลับมาเป็นเกมแนวสยองขวัญดังเดิม และได้มาเป็นเกม FPS ตามที่ตั้งใจไว้ว่าจะสร้างในภาค 1!!!โดยตัวเกมในภาคนี้ได้เปลี่ยนจากตัวเอกที่เก่งราวกับยอดมนุษย์เช่นภาค 4,5,6,RE:RE1,RE:RE2 กลับมาเป็นมนุษย์ต๊อกต๋อยเช่นเดิมโดยภาคนี้เราจะรับบทเป็นชายหนุ่มนามว่า Ethan ที่อยู่ดีๆก็ได้รับข้อความจากภรรยาตัวเองว่าตอนนี้กำลังถูกกักขังอยู่บ้านหลังหนึ่ง แต่ว่า ที่จริงแล้ว Ethan รู้ว่าภรรยาเขาได้เสียชีวิตมาแล้ว 3 ปี แล้วใครกันล่ะที่ส่งข้อความหาเขา ผู้หญิงที่ส่งข้อความนั้นจะใช่ภรรยาเขาหรือไม่ วิธีพิสูจน์มีเพียงทางเดียวคือ เราต้องไปดูให้เห็นด้วยตาของเราเองเท่านั้นPros.การเล่าเรื่องที่น่าติดตาม แม้ตัวเกมจะผสมระหว่าง openworld กับ linear แต่ก็สามารถทำออกมาได้อย่างลงตัว ไม่ได้ปล่อยให้เราเดินสำรวจจนหลง หรือก็ไม่ได้บังคับว่าเราจะต้องทำอะไรก่อนหลังจนเกินไปบทของตัวละคร ท่าทางการเคลื่อนไหวได้พัฒนาข้ามขั้นสมกับเกมยุค Next Gen โดยแท้ ไม่ใช่บทพูดที่เหมือนลิเกแบบภาค 1-3 อีกต่อไปแล้วบรรยากาศชวนขนหัวลุก พร้อมกับเสียงประกอบที่น่าสะพรึง ทำให้เรามีอารมณ์ร่วมกับเกมตลอดเวลาScare Jump ยังคงมีอยู่เช่นเดิม แถมยังกดดันมากกว่าภาคแรกๆมากมายนัก อาจจะเพราะการเปลี่ยนเป็น FPS ที่ทำให้เราซึมซับความเป็นตัวละครศัตรูหน้าตาแปลกๆ และยังต้องสรรหาวิธีจัดการดังเช่นภาคเก่าๆ ดังนั้นการตายซ้ำตายซากจึงเป็นเรื่องธรรมดาMia น่าเคลมจริงๆ ส่วน Zoe นี่ของดแสดงความเห็นCons.AI ทึ่มไปนิด ไม่ว่าจะเป็นฝั่งศัตรูหรือฝั่งเราScript บางทีขัดใจมากๆ  จุด scare jump หลายๆจุดควรจะทำให้เราตกใจมากกว่านี้แต่กลับไม่ได้ทำเช่นฉากที่เราลอดผ่านทางระบายน้ำชั้นใต้ดินแล้วเจอศพลอยขึ้นมา ที่จริงมันเป็นฉากที่ควรจะตกใจมากๆ แต่ตัวเกมกับไม่มีสคริปท์สำหรับพระเอกซะงั้นเนื่องจากโดยส่วนตัวผมมีอาการ motion sick อยู่แล้ว การปิด motion blur กับ OA ไม่ได้ช่วยอะไรเท่าไหร่ ยังดีที่ไม่ได้มีการจำกัด frame rate ไว้ ตัวเกมสามารถวิ่งได้ 120-140 fps แบบสบายๆจึงช่วยในอาการดังกล่าวได้Verdict: 8.25/10"
,Recommended,418370,35164794,Posted: 23 September,all,白蜡虫？,"if you love horror games and love re series, no actually just buy this asap. this game has everything you need. the atsmosphere is really build up in this game. 8/10"
76561198009478573,Not Recommended,418370,29474303,Posted: 24 January,all,noir00,"I am sorely disappointed in this game. I am a huge fan of B-Horror movies and of some of the resident evil franchise. But this game is just horrible. I have played it for the last 2 hours on normal and easy. It’s entirely to linear and you are constantly are forced to go a certain path regardless of rhyme or reason at some points. Getting hurt, maimed, and or killed by over and over is just silly. Here are a few things that I find wrong with this game. Early on you get in a fight with one of them with a knife. You win the fight. Knife. “poof” knife gone! Not to mention the galactic size plot holes in the game. Really you give me a hand axe and I can’t cut down a wooden door. Chainsaw hell yae!! ohh so sorry you can’t pick that up either. Because a normal person would cut down the wooden front door with it. Hell just make it out of gas. Who wrote the story for this thing??? Seriously I get it’s a game. But you shouldn’t call it Resident Evil more like Resident Super Zombie 7. I wouldn’t recommend this game to anyone. Spend the money on something else.Mic Drop! Im out."
,Recommended,418370,29543259,Posted: 28 January,all,Alkimical,"RESIDENT EVIL 7The good:*Good graphics*Great soundtrack and sound effects*Great gameplay-variety of weapons-shooting-movements-puzzles-exploration*A very good story / 10 hours, like a classic Resident Evil.The bad:-The performance is a bit bad-It has little content-There are no Mercenaries Mode or something like that-They intend to extend the game through DLC//////////////////////////////////////       87/100      //////////////////////////////////////////"
76561198070781219,Recommended,418370,29516024,Posted: 26 January,all,†Python-Regius†,"RE7 is gonna be my pick for best horror game since maybe 2014. Not sure where all the hate is coming from the play time is a brisk 8 hours (not looking for secrets etc) and the gameplay is breathtaking, graphically photorealistic and the story is very interesting especially if you are a fan of the series as a whole, I give it a 9/10 simply because it could use some improvement with small things such as the melee mechanics, I without a doubt recommend this to anyone who is a fan of retro horror and a fan of the first 3 resident evils as it plays off of them alot and uses the atmosphere from them to draw on the intensity.Dont let the play time and the supposed ending that sucked which I did not see but there is 2 endings from what I know of, maybe I just got the good one? Anyway give it a shot, as a triple A horror title it is without a doubt a great contender!"
76561197989950810,Recommended,418370,29543138,Posted: 28 January,all,Dr. Dorado,Somebody better go and tell Aunt Rhody that some bad stuff really went down at this place.
76561197968309984,Recommended,418370,29548771,Posted: 28 January,all,thedeuce75,RE7 is genuinely scary and creepy game.
76561197983688659,Recommended,418370,29478789,Posted: 25 January,all,Mr Zurkon,"Just finished my first playthrough, holy c*** this game is amazing.I wont go into much detail but if you like a story driven game then this is absolutely for you. It really brings back the desperation and fear from the first few Resident evil games where you had to think about ammo and health constantly and plan your moves.People that have played the more recent games such as 4,5 and 6 will also love this since there is a fair amopunt of gunplay which is done very well.Performence wise I ran this at 1440p with a 980ti and an average i5 and had a solid 60. You have the option to cap it which I did but im very confident that a better rig will be able to have this at 144 no problem whatsoever. I couldnt sadly but the game does look unbelieveably good on the highest settings so I decided to go for that over framerate and dont regret it.Like I said I wont go into detail since I dont want to ruin the story for people but this game will leave you speachless just from the story alone.Any questions let me know.UPDATE: I have now been playing the new unlocked dificulty for 2 hours, there are some significant changes. Items are in different places the 'shop' items are totally different and enemies are considerably faster. As in, they are probably double the speed. Its changes from a horror game with plenty of shooting to a pure survival game where you need to constantly use stealth in order to survive. The enemies are also 1 shotting me most of the time. Its awesome!"
,Recommended,418370,29554168,Posted: 28 January,all,SuperSweetSucc,"If your real name is Ethan then this game is 100% more immersive and scarier.Honest review: This game is so good. It delivers scares in a creepy atmosphere whilst delivering fun puzzles, resource managment and action. Capcom has made a beautiful game in this latest entry of the Resident Evil series and I hope they continue to make the newer ones like this one."
76561198062685777,Recommended,418370,29554103,Posted: 28 January,all,rickybaugh2000,Awesome job!
,Recommended,418370,31826729,Posted: 18 May,all,rabbids2001,Resident evil 5 and 6 only had the name of resident evil but RE7 deserves to be called this way
,Recommended,418370,33860655,Posted: 28 July,all,PeTcHeR,"Finally. Real "" Resident Evil "" is come back."
76561198071676557,Recommended,418370,31551360,Posted: 4 May,all,chrisg6213,nice to see resident evil return to being a horrorgame and not a monster action game.
,Recommended,418370,32493114,Posted: 16 June,all,Bullfrog,Succeeds in bringing back what was great in the originals while making the franchise new again
76561198042609122,Recommended,418370,33548294,Posted: 14 July,all,Jh4xi,"Let me go ahead and acknowledge that RE6 is one of the worst games I have ever played in my life.Having said that...RE7...is a masterpiece of gaming.  The pacing,the challenge, the story...all top notch.  The production value alone is worth a play through.  My wife would sit next to me while I played and was happy to watch it like an episodic horror series.The ONLY negative I will say...it was a bit short on first playthrough at 17 hours...and I am a completionist so pretty short game.  I would say not worth full retail but at 40-50% off...for sure worth every penny."
76561198136370218,Recommended,418370,29521256,Posted: 27 January,all,Andrew,Finally a return to form!
,Recommended,418370,29520839,Posted: 27 January,all,bingkyyuliarso,best game horror of all resident evil series
76561198077272570,Recommended,418370,29860242,Posted: 11 February,all,Getrekds,This game is just pure amazing
,Recommended,418370,35131526,Posted: 22 September,all,KronoSteps,"Don't let my 6 hours fool you, I have barely played the game! I have heard amazing things and I do like it but it's just to damn scary lmao..."
76561198062723036,Recommended,418370,29517679,Posted: 27 January,all,Zieno,I loved it. It was a great game. The storyline was great.
,Recommended,418370,34363425,Posted: 19 August,all,🌺ファンキー🌺,$hit my pants 10/10
76561198094861889,Recommended,418370,34364105,Posted: 19 August,all,NooB NooB,"God Damnnnn, Great game really gets back to the erie feel of the old school entries!  If you're a fan of the originals and the first person perspective doesn't bother you I would highly reccomend this game.  Also, If you think 6 is the best entry in the Resident Evil series kys."
76561198027932615,Recommended,418370,34652194,Posted: 31 August,all,SublimeIce,Good game for the first few play throughs. after that it becomes stale. Although its definitely back to the rootsish when it comes to RE games except its FP instead of third. Lack of ammo and all the stuff from the first one.
76561198004068936,Recommended,418370,29480983,Posted: 25 January,all,Luke (CZ/EN),"Resident Evil is back with all it's former glory restored.I don't think anyone expexted this after the over the top silliness, laziness and superhero antics of RE5&6. But RE7 is really back to the more subdued and ""grounded"" story and is so masterfully designed and put together, it brings back memories of times when this franchise actually meant something. So much love and care went into this game. It makes RE5&6 look like poor stickmen drawings crudely drawn at the back of a pre-schoolers notebook... but those would probably be better than the final ""products"" we got.This is the best thing that could have happened to this franchise. And the best AAA survival horror game since Alien: Isolation."
,Recommended,418370,29517767,Posted: 27 January,all,Elyrien Valkyr,"This game was amazing, and by far the best game that resident evil has put out (with 4 as a close second)Some of these may be spoilers, so keep that in mind. I'll try to keep it vague, but they're still in here.Pros:-Hard reboot, new character (2) new enemies-Monster character development is better than the main character(s)-Uses weapons and ideas from original games in an organic and interesting way-Keeps true to the feel of the original game-Puzzles are still as rediculious as the original, but feel much more organic in story-Visuals are amazing, and utilized the enviornment to keep you surprised.-Boss fights are a very interesting and fitting take on the character development of the Family (most of them anyway)-Weapon and item management keeps the feeling tense when you can only find a few rounds of ammo and run through just as fast.Cons:-Very quickly stops trying to being a horror game at the 20% mark then devoles into a run and gun game at the half way point.-Weapons are insultingly unballanced. Don't use the knife, it's only for boxes. I'm almost certain you can't kill anything with it before it kills you. I've tested this. If you cary a knife after 50% you're wasting a weapon slot.-The flamethrower... I ran through 170 units of ""ammo"" to kill a single AVERAGE enemy. It only exists to STUN a boss and take a painstaking time to kill flies. Why . the ♥♥♥♥ . am I . getting ammo . for this . at the FINAL . BOSS.-Timed bombs. Why do these exist? You might think, hey a grenade of sorts, ill just toss - no. Ok well maybe ill place it as a tra- no... well. how do I use it? You can ONLY use it if a monster has pinned you, for all 3 times that ever happened to me in game. So why do i now have 22 of the ♥♥♥♥ing things that I can't use?-You will at a point, be showered with up to 100 rounds of pistol ammo and think youre set for life. You will run through them in 4 minutes on 7 enemies.-By my count (maybe wrong) there are only 7 magnum rounds in the entire game, and it does slightly more damage than a shotgun shell.-lockpicks are extremely rare, with an abundance of locks. If the contents of the box are not game changing, and usually a tiny amount of ammo, or a single healing item, why am I wasting a pick on them, when what is in them seems to be random? (I checked, the same box had pistol ammo, and burner ammo, based on save points if opened at different times) PS, if I get flamer fuel after wasting a pick again, I'm going to burn down something the dev loves...-I didn't like putting this on the list, because it's the heart of survival ie keeping supplies limited. HOWEVER pacing is entirely ♥♥♥♥ed on this. In the first half of the game, all the items in the game exist and are paced via locked off areas of the house, this is perfectly fine, thats fun. You can only ♥♥♥♥ yourself. However when you break half way point and they just stop giving you things, and dump enemies on you, and force you down a narrow path and remove all exploration, thats not fun.-The last 2 hours of the game are so infuriating that I very nearly stopped playing and decided I didn't care how it ended.-I'll harp on this forever. This feels like either 2 games, or the devs got bored half way through and said ♥♥♥♥ it finish it in a hallway and ship it. half way through, they force you to a new area, remove all exploration, and keep you in tight hallways for the rest of the game. You get to ""visit"" the house but arent allowed to go through any of the rooms in the event you missed anything, and if you were careful with supplies, those are lost to the wind.-At this point you have next to no supplies. So they shower you with some.... some. Whats next? a boss? NO, heres 20 bland and generic enemies to waste all your health and ammo that you have so you only have a few rounds for the boss.-Multiple endings based ENTIRELY on a left or right choice in which you have zero reason to like either person because neither had any character development.-*- This is a straight spoiler -*-I had desperately hoped that the entire game would exist about the trailer area, remain open world (the house) and disown all the pointless and honetly horrible plot and story of Umbrella. I was horribly... horribly wrong. This is very quickly dispelled after the half way point, and hinted at earlier. Suprise Suprise, its another genaric resident evil plot. Umbrellas at it again, a ♥♥♥♥ up released Monster #72,251,321 and, even more suprising, it ends horribly, who knew.So, I truly loved (most) of this game, and recomend it to everyone. Though from here on, be warry of picking up any title they release again, as its left off in a way that says ""we didnt learn♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; and will continue to make the same crap they've been making for resident evil (3, 5, 6, every movie)"
,Recommended,418370,29543542,Posted: 28 January,all,tabaskosweet,This game was honestly really good I'm a big fan of the resident evil games. This a little change from the other games but it's a good change. Also this game made me♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants.
,Recommended,418370,29757872,Posted: 7 February,all,love2kick,"This game is really good.I can't believe this is RE which i love and want more of this scary, nasty and hardcore gameplay.10 out of 10 Nemesises."
76561198084692565,Recommended,418370,29756096,Posted: 6 February,all,Amerhack,"its very spooky and creepy,i really enjoy this game."
,Not Recommended,418370,29516852,Posted: 27 January,all,King of Bugles,"Lets see.also spoiler alert i guessPros-safe rooms and item boxes-the family is both scary and entertaining-its more resident evil-CHAINSAW BATTLECons-sluggish controls and camera-boring enemies (aside from bosses)-short as all hell-♥♥♥♥ing crashes constantly once aboard the ship-save Ted Cruz wife or phone girl (hint: doesn't ♥♥♥♥in matter)-i personally didn't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about any of the characters lives-and worst of ♥♥♥♥in all whenever i would die during the video tape parts the game would forget i had a save file and kick me back to the goddamn main menuOverall? Its alright, check it out if you like survival horror but only if its on sale."
76561198023637559,Recommended,418370,34386636,Posted: 20 August,all,Omunall,"+1 for running on a potatoAnyway, good game. I'm a huge RE fan, hoping Monster Hunter World has the same quality/specs needed to play so I can put off upgrading my rig another year.Overall it's nice. I don't really get the horror but I like the hills have eyes feeling. Why your dude doesn't know how to door kick or anything is a mystery, but I guess it makes you feel like a regular guy trying to survive. Chris would boulder punch the dad and the game would be over and Leon would slip his hair out of his eyes before blowing holes in everything, and can't have jill because she wouldn't get chainsawed.So past some funny comments i've made while playing this and laughing at it with my wife, it's quite good. Creatures look nice, the stalking Mr. X feeling from 2 is present but much more serious, tho not difficult. I guess that's my issue is difficulty. I mean i've not used on round yet, unsure why I don't want to, but i'm just knifing everything (outside of a specific scenario you need to shoot early on). Graphics are superb, the resident evil feel of collect a bunch of random♥♥♥♥♥♥while managing a small inventory and hoping you get to figure things out is fun although simplistic puzzles. A lot of ways to approach the fights, and some surprises that you normally wouldn't think you can do! Things I learned so far; you know how to drive a car, your wife is a total ♥♥♥♥♥ and knows your a leftie, and since shes a ♥♥♥♥♥ the family helped you out in the event you have an urge your crazy wife is too crazy to take care of. +1 for family knowing you were a lefty, ♥♥♥♥ you wife.Seriously just play it, loads of fun, not scary but has a lot of action. It's like RE4, right up there. I love it."
,Recommended,418370,31942193,Posted: 24 May,all,taco.Mike Rayne,"Great step into the modern world, while bringing that old school RE1&2 feel back. Looking forward to new content.even though I just beat it and the new content was supposed to happen.... well, last season..."
76561198044696172,Recommended,418370,31941616,Posted: 24 May,all,[uDi] Gambeii,best resident evil  yet!  back to the roots! worth buying
76561198047279737,Recommended,418370,29595048,Posted: 30 January,all,Xlyklon,"♥♥♥♥ing, Masterpiece. I don't think I've been this scared... ever."
76561198277344422,Recommended,418370,29981057,Posted: 17 February,all,[ DorkyDarko ],"Not gunna lie but this is probably the most origanal styled Resident evil I have played since Res. 2 + 3. No wacky BS combat and fast paced action with quick time event, Im happy to say they are gone from the equations. Thank F*ck.Loved every moment.Totally worth it."
,Recommended,418370,29506557,Posted: 26 January,all,Alpha One,"The first 2/3 of this game is actual real Resident Evil. A large, mostly empty house, tons to explore, weird puzzles, save boxes and a limited inventory. There is a point later on where you begin exploring a new area that definitely isn't as good as the first part, but still, I'm genuinely shocked at how much this reminded me of the older (better) Resident Evil titles. The boss fights are awesome, the exploration is rewarding, it does a lot of Resident Evil ""New Game+"" style things, and on the whole this game is fantastic. It's fairly well-optimized as  long as you have a decent system, but definitely does need a patch to clean up some of the textures.Bear one thing in mind as you read reviews, though - a majority of the negative reviews are people demanding 21:9 support (an aspect ratio that has less of the market than the old square CRTs), VR support (despite the fact that they announced it was PSVR exclusive months ago), or are trying to run it on High with 8 year old AMD hardware."
76561198371292972,Recommended,418370,33118963,Posted: 2 July,all,bcbud4gold,Love how it went back to being a survival horror game:) great story and great game all together!
,Recommended,418370,29484330,Posted: 25 January,all,PigEater,"Had truble running it, Turns out got a geforce driver update 1 hour after refund. so just a heads up im asuming this update may of helpped out the refund not happening, but it did, so i tryied out the older resident evil 2 and wow it feels the same, cool game. but maybe at a later date."
,Recommended,418370,29484460,Posted: 25 January,all,Super Gaming Family,"best resident evil for a long time, A MUST BUY!!!!!"
,Recommended,418370,29547353,Posted: 28 January,all,Tricksy Hobbitsis,"Finally a Resident Evil (since RE1,2,3) title which is not about killing hordes of evil bullsh*t, but about really good atmosphere and (not very hard but) beautiful puzzles. It is a very familiar ""I will never get out of this strange but still kinda cool house"" feeling when you played and loved RE1.Also:♥♥♥♥ing insects!"
,Recommended,418370,29534110,Posted: 27 January,all,Drunk Raymundo,I sht mah pant
,Recommended,418370,29483306,Posted: 25 January,all,良くないです,"somewhat evil within+outlast, though it is back to the origin horror feeling of Biohazard.Recommend playing."
76561197992351513,Recommended,418370,29604735,Posted: 31 January,all,Gursen Braslald,The best entry in the series.
,Recommended,418370,29605533,Posted: 31 January,all,Acies,"I just completed my first run and second speed run of RE7 and before people start to think I didn't like the game, I just want to say that I did enjoy the game and while it has it's faults I would recommend anybody who's interested in the survival horror genre to pick it up. It's one of the best I have seen for a long time.Now on to the nitty gritty...I have played all the numbered RE games and a few others and I love this francise. I still remember doing nothing all day but completing RE3 over and over again which is still my favorite to this day though the best RE game in my opinion is RE1 HD Remaster.Now, RE 7, while a very good game, didn't really feel like Resident Evil to me. It felt more like a different series entirely, that took inspiration from the RE series with a couple easter eggs thrown in (so far anyway). I'm still early in my thought process but I believe it feels this way to me because I loved the characters of the past RE games, as well as the story. After every RE game I played and completed I wanted to know what the characters would be getting caught up in next and after learning that RE7 would be placed around 20 years after the events of Raccoon City, I'm kinda dissapointed. Now it's not to say we may never see them but I can't see us playing a 40-50 year old Jill or Chris.So, what did the rest of the RE vets think of this game from a mechanical and story point of view?"
76561198036159416,Recommended,418370,29632665,Posted: 1 February,all,Gambino,"A major step forward for the Resident Evil series. You can tell the developers gave it their all to makes this game stand out above the rest. Would highly recommend this game to anyone who has either played past Resident Evil games or to someone who has never played a Resident Evil game. Either way, you will not be dissppointed! Solid 8.75/10"
,Recommended,418370,29582693,Posted: 30 January,all,Brazzers 240p Resolution,I screamed and creamed.
,Recommended,418370,29582323,Posted: 30 January,all,Murphachino,"Resident Evill VII is a refreshing and welcome take on the franchise. The shift to first person really ads to the gameplay and makes the survival horror experience much more enjoyable. This sets an eerie tone throughout with more subtle jump scares that do not feel forced while playing. I can only imagine the VR experience of this game is absolutely stellar and anxiety provoking. The inventory management, health upgrades, combat style and saving features all serve as an homage  to earlier games (predating Re4). I would strongly recommend this to any fan of the resident evil franchise or survival horror genre."
76561198257652510,Recommended,418370,29462679,Posted: 24 January,all,Alan Tam,"The atmosphere are good, but the storyline quite boring"
,Recommended,418370,29944329,Posted: 15 February,all,Purple,This game is a Survival Horror masterpiece.
,Not Recommended,418370,32896875,Posted: 27 June,all,HankThunderskull,"Just finished the game after 7 hours and although it was pretty good in most respects I dont feel like it was worth getting (even though I got it on sale for £24ish).The visuals are very nice and the characters(villians) were really interesting and same goes for the environments, however the gun play is generic, your view of the world is closed off with a small FOV and a horrible vignette and there isn't much variety in enemies.THE MOVEMENT SPEED IS TERRIBLE.The game doesn't even feel long enough to use all the weapons throughly enough.Seems like it could've been a lot better had they included more gameplay features and I feel like resident evil 4 is much better and the earlier ones."
76561198046329836,Not Recommended,418370,29530257,Posted: 27 January,all,DiGiTiLsOuL,"I purchased and returned this game after owning it for 46 minutes.Resident Evil 1 through 4 were my favorites. Was not a fan that the games direction was taking. This game tries to go back to its roots but just does not hit the mark.It feels like this was a Horror game that was already developed and they slapped the Resident Evil tag onto it. Kind of like 10 Cloverfield Lane was already a thing.You can see they were influenced by Outlast or the Silent Hill P. T. demo and thats not a bad thing. I just didnt feel this was a $60 title.The Walking bothered me from the start. Our character takes tiny, little baby steps,  even when running. Some of ""the Familys"" movement seemed like they were sliding around on rails as they moved.The best thing with this title was the sound. I truly felt immersed with the sounds.I was also impressed with the eyes. Most games, the characters all have dead eyes or they simply do not look real when looking into them. These were remarkable and life like.If you are looking for a simple puzzle adventure that tries to win you over with gore, then this is the title for you. Shouldnt take more than 3 sittings to finish.My advice is rent it. Can not recommend at the current price tag."
,Not Recommended,418370,29506068,Posted: 26 January,all,Gamephysique,"I'll admit it, RE7 is a huge gimmick of a game. A joke. The game was meant mostly for VR. This game shows what's wrong with a lot of new games these days. The whole game is filled with predictable scripted events. It has a creepy atmosphere, but most of the scares are cheap thrills through the use of scripted events rather than trying to build up an atmosphere full of tension. The atmosphere stays exactly the same from beginning to end. It is creepy at first, but it doesn't hold up and it soon gets old and tiresome. When the game is ""quiet"", it requires a lot of patience to slowly walk or ""jog"" (if you can even call it that) from one linear hallway, to the next. This gets worse when you have to backtrack to solve ""puzzles"". The game rarely ever puts you into a wide open area. It follows a strict path of left to right or right to left with maybe a few doors along the hallway to check out. There are guns. I don't know why but there guns and I sware the gunplay seems to also be scripted as well. When you shoot the main character enemies, it is scripted when the enemy either ""dies"" or falls to the floor. It feels like there is no freedom in the game, even when exploring ( what little there is to explore). Whether you walk 2 feet, 3 feet, 7 feet, into a new area it's another scripted event after another. Should I have typed, ""spoiler alert""? Replay value for this game is ZERO. Absolutely none. It plays exactly the same the second time as it did for the first. It's only an 8 hour game full of  movie-like events that come and go the same way no matter how many times you play it. There is almost no reason to ""outsmart"" the enemy as they are not smart to begin with (and they are scripted anyway, so most of the game just plays itsself when fighting enemies). The only part you have to think about are the so called ""puzzles"" which take literally only 15 seconds to solve.The inventory system is also a joke. Similar to Deadspace, there are safe rooms with a save spot and storage boxes where you can place and infinite amount items from your over loaded inventory, annoyingly, placed in the most convient of places. This causes some issues with the ""survival feel"" of the game. Too few were the times where I had to really think about the consequences of using or giving up certain items in place of items more important. After playing this game once, I have no incentive or desire to want to go back and play it again. This game just a gimmicky, big budget VR walking simulator, but with a creepy atmosphere. VR really hurt this game and it is obvious when you look at the slow movement of the character (even when jogging to prevent motion sickness), the way the weapons are held, and the ""in your face"" jump scares. Every jump scare is meant to be viewed through the headset.It is a 460 dollar game meant to be combined with a VR Headset. With no replay value, it is meant for a one time gimmicky playthrough of 8 hours.I would only reccommend this game to those that are twitch or youtube streamers who want to get easy followers and subscribers streaming this game through a ""scare cam"". (Is that what people call it these days?)"
76561198074177035,Not Recommended,418370,29504813,Posted: 26 January,all,brettapuss,"im giving this a negative purely off of capcoms awful release im sure the story is good, probably amazing. theres just too many issues first off theres no 21:9 support, 16:10 support or sli support which for a AAA game made by a company as big as this in this day in age is just abysmal. its not right that they just discarded all these different types of gamers and only catered to the majority of gamers. whether its the majority or the minority of gamers that have these setups is regardless its still a big chunk of their customers that they are screwing over.im gonna have to refund this game out of protest purely out of support for SLI users, 16:10 users and 21:9 users like myselfill most definitely buy this game again when capcom wake up and add support for these features and if they just leave it up to a 3rd party to do so well thats just absolutely embarresing on their part."
,Recommended,418370,29466878,Posted: 24 January,all,泥鰍小妹妹,"Pros:-ridiculously good graphics-Eerie Sound Effect-Lighting in Game is Great-First Person Shooter with great framerateCons-The Game Are Too Short,You Literally Can speed run in easy mode and finish the game in less than 4 hours-Same Enemy all over again.-Character Model is so freaking Lame.-Few interactive itemsNOTE: IT'S NOT RESIDENT EVIL AT ALL!! and hell i don't fell like any of it is.If you're looking for a Resident Evil title, then go give Resident Evil Revelations 1 or 2 a go. Hell, even Resident Evil 5 & 6 are closer to a Resident Evil game than this game is. . Resident Evil 7 will make sure you're ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ your pants and drive you paranoid as hell thanks to the Baker Family. While this game does a good job at atmosphere, it also shows that we are still very far away from the uncanny valley with character models.My Verdict:Verdict: A must-buy for horror gaming fans 3/5.although someone did finish the whole game in 2 and a half hour speedrun!!!!!Video is not mine and all credit for this video belongs to Powerpyx with wonderful speedrun. before you buy see the gameplay first and decide for yourself.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8_qmzmXRCR0"
,Recommended,418370,29525533,Posted: 27 January,all,Mahendrain,I think this games should rename to paranormal activity XD10/10 You cant predict where the ghost will scare you
,Recommended,418370,29575022,Posted: 29 January,all,FlyLeaf,"***********SPOILER ALERT***********long story short, i played the game trying to save Mia but i ignored her and saved Zoe because she is hotter but both of them are gone now ty Capcom"
,Recommended,418370,29456367,Posted: 23 January,all,robzombie4321,"This game is brilliant, From the first 5 minutes to the final ones I was hooked and couldn't stop playing this game. Although it is first person it still manages to give me the classic Resident Evil feeling, which is great! If your a fan of the series or even a newcomer you need to check this game out!It's the best Resident Evil since 4.9.5/10"
,Recommended,418370,29471000,Posted: 24 January,all,Slavic Psycho,creepy as hell
,Recommended,418370,29458817,Posted: 24 January,all,talon |,"I played most of the other REs and this one brings it home back to the glory days. It has the intensity of the original RE but adds to that because, obviously, the updated graphics and takes it up a notch in immersion by replacing the usual 3rd-person style to a 1st-person perspective that will keep you on the edge of your seat. It's scary, it's fun, and it's challenging. You don't need any of the other REs under your belt to keep up with the story either; just bring your wits and you might make it through this one."
76561198036662065,Recommended,418370,29484929,Posted: 25 January,all,Hashash,"Note: Review done by a hardcore Resident Evil fan.Texas Chainsaw Massacre, Wrong Turn, The Hills have eyes - These are the movies that I can see have inspired this new Resident Evil gem, and that is meant as a compliment.Resident Evil 7 delivers everything a Survival horror fan could've ever wished for, lots of tension, panic and ofcourse sick violence.I played Resident Evil since the first one came out in 1996 some 20 years ago, now It seems that Resident Evil is heading towards it's right path, which is Survival horror and not some third person action shooter, as seen in RE6.In this new gem, they even still use the slow opening of doors to build fear wondering what will pop up next, just as they did with the first Resident Evil games.You have to scavenge to survive, you wont just spawn with heavy weapons as you did in the last Resident Evil series.For the first time ever, Resident Evil have turned to first person view, that really worked out trust me, it's way more confusing and builds alot more tension.This is the best Resident Evil game since RE 4, I played 12 years ago on my Playstation 2.I will gladly give this horror gem 10/10"
,Recommended,418370,29456389,Posted: 23 January,all,Soul,"!!!!QUALITY OVER QUANTITY!!!!at start of the game you dont know what to think but after few hours spend with bakers you start to know its definitly one of the best Resident evil game and who say its really good game but not residnet evil they lie!+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++BUY IT if you like-Resident evil how we like it (classic) its just from 1st persion-boss fight feel like from RE0,1,2,3 in 1st persion-solve puzzles-atmosphere like in old RE in 1st persion-claustrophobic like in old RE but in 1st persion even if you have it on 90FOV-exploring, looking what you miss on map is like if you play old RE in 1st persion-it's just classic RE in 1st persion :)DONT BUY IT if you like-hollywood like styl RE6-ultimate ammo and RPG-solve puzzles like put ball in to hole-easy difficulty-dont finding item to proceed-dont like 1st persion-dont like claustrophobia+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++and its good optimalized not for SLI what i heard but i run it good-110FPS-gtx 1060 3gb-i5-6500-16gb DDR4-SSD+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++sorry for my english :P"
76561198108153190,Recommended,418370,29456148,Posted: 23 January,all,The Real McCoy,A Resident Evil game I can be proud of.
76561198003958061,Recommended,418370,29618819,Posted: 31 January,all,BXM,"Aminesident Evil...Real Resident EvilResident Evil 1: What is this? ...Blood (wow)Resident Evil 2: Head to the police station!Resident Evil 3: Goddammit Nemesis staaahpHeadshot EvilResident Evil 4: Headshot He..He..Headshot oh look, a green herbResident Evil 5: Chris, you weren't so before.. Hello ShevaaResident Evil 6: Killthemall grrraaarhhhAminesidentResident Evil 7: Wish I could play with Stephen Hawking, he's faster, even turning the flashlight... HEEEELP10/10"
76561197985903334,Recommended,418370,29486432,Posted: 25 January,all,Wayzz,Its ♥♥♥♥ing amazing but it costs too much for too little hours. Get it off sale. If you can grab it off sale tthis is a 9/10 experience.
,Recommended,418370,34268497,Posted: 15 August,all,NateLB,"People read these?If you're a die hard RE fan, get this, trust me, holy cow ballsIf you're not, but like stressful survival horror games, get this, because this is one hell of a 6-8 hour trip that will leave you wanting to replay it to go back and see all the subtle things you missed the first time through."
,Recommended,418370,29504204,Posted: 26 January,all,RAS,F.E.A.R. 4
76561198044196759,Recommended,418370,29456295,Posted: 23 January,all,EchoOffTheSky,"Welcome to the family son :DHaha okay guys after 4.5h of playing I think it is time to take this review more seriously. I'd like to say I am not a fan of Resident Evil video games but only of its storyline, that is to say, its plots, its characters and various BOWs. So for now it is hardlly possible for me to judge whether or not it is a good Resident Evil game especially since it has made a brand new try (first person). But there is one thing I do remember that when biohazard 4 released many 'fans' of the series just complained that the game was like a crap mainly beacuse it offered a different view from previous ones - too different for them to accept. And after 5 had released, 4 turned up to be a decent game and then,after 6, a masterpiece. But don't get me wrong, I just mean that it might be a reasonable change and only time can tell if it is really a good move. However, to be honest, this first person view does boost the feeling of horror in a very effective way. Meanwhile, according to what I heard from my friends who have already finished the game resident evil 7 is much closer to RE 1-3 in terms of puzzles and exploration. And because of this, at least to me, RE 7 is more like a resident evil like horror game (which is just my type) instead of TPS like 5 and 6.Similarly, the characters of this game are also brand new. And that is another problem to some players as well - how can we take this as a resident evil game where no well-known characters like Leon, Chris or Ada are around at all?  I have to admit that I am also a little bit disppointed about this since those characters have been with us for years and it is tough to let go (supposing they will not show their faces in 8 either). But hey, do you guys remember RE2? Who would be able to know who Leon was when RE2 released? I mean EVERYONE has his/her first time, and it also took a long long time for Leon to grow up to be a renowned big hero in all bio fans' heart. And maybe this is like a good chance for Capcom to develop another big hero to replace one of those old ones( they are getting old, aren't they?)To summarise, RE7 is like the combination of Outlast, Layers of Fear and original RE (according to what I have tried). I have just played it for 4.5h and I really enjoy every second, every scene in it. It's really been ages since the last time I burried myself in something. And I think it deserves my big thumb up.Not very good at writing review so I admit it might not be a good one to many fans of RE series. I just speak out my real opinion on it, that's all."
76561198407395212,Recommended,418370,34351233,Posted: 19 August,all,two brothers,"I hate jack baker,his son,his wife but this game is very very good"
,Recommended,418370,31109772,Posted: 12 April,all,[FH] Hero Bubble,The best game :D
,Recommended,418370,29500487,Posted: 26 January,all,lengthyusername,"Great game, average price. Buy this on sale and you'll be a happy camper."
,Recommended,418370,29490824,Posted: 25 January,all,ＵＳＭＡＲＩＮＥ,Yes I do agree
,Recommended,418370,29456321,Posted: 23 January,all,biel,"Welcome back to the family, son!!"
,Recommended,418370,29456339,Posted: 23 January,all,Scooter (Serenausagi),This a great gmae with great graphic and creepy feel a must own if you like the franchise but fun for anyone to play
76561197980241343,Recommended,418370,29456378,Posted: 23 January,all,FloopyGapples,Do it...
76561198115590825,Recommended,418370,29494136,Posted: 25 January,all,DeepCollusion,"this is it. this is real RE. back to first RE. i can smell good of this. i like it real good. just because this is what capcom want to do this since 20 years ago. sick of people who said it is outlast or not RE. then let me ask you. what do you think RE is looks like ?. about shoot those dang zombie withinfinitie ammo ? i dont think so. but i didnt mean another RE is bad like 5,6. but real RE is survival horror. not shooting like freakin american rambo."
,Recommended,418370,29611653,Posted: 31 January,all,t' cord's still attached,Wow! Gr8 game friends
,Recommended,418370,29571334,Posted: 29 January,all,aneyyy! Skinsjar.com,the bombbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb
,Recommended,418370,30148167,Posted: 24 February,all,kent ❤❤,good gem
,Recommended,418370,30516000,Posted: 14 March,all,PhantomTehM8,"Went to an old house and found my wife that has been missing for 3 years, she went crazy and cut my hand off with a chainsaw and I was kidnapped by a 7 foot Hillbilly and his family and they hunted me down and tried to kill me,After that I went home and installed Resident Evil 7 and enjoyed it"
,Recommended,418370,33191398,Posted: 3 July,all,ᴄᴀᴏᴍᴀʀᴜ,omg
76561198118525286,Recommended,418370,29477295,Posted: 24 January,all,Call me Pichael,"I have played all of the Resident Evil games and I must say I really enjoy the change of pace with the 1st person. They were able to make the ""conflicts"" feel just like the other games. Capcom took their time with this game and it shows. I wish the developers for dishonored 2 would have put in the effort as Capcom did.For my Specs I have: Core i7-4720HQ 4.0 Core 2.6 GHz; 960m GTX, 4GB Ram"
76561198301113288,Recommended,418370,31111443,Posted: 13 April,all,Ils Ne Passeront Pas,"Live. Die. Repeat. Simulator, Great !"
76561198054957274,Recommended,418370,29523671,Posted: 27 January,all,Sullicide_,gud
76561198045623253,Recommended,418370,29831303,Posted: 10 February,all,Gnarlbones,"Welcome to the family, son."
76561198120120855,Recommended,418370,29836445,Posted: 10 February,all,Aki秋,"Pro.-Beautifully detailed, uber-creepy haunted house-Superb voice acting across the board-Stellar visuals-Excellent variety thanks to the different family members and playable flashbacks-Terrifying survival horror game that nails all the things that have made the series so highly regardedCon.-Slow movement speed-Some boss battles prove more annoying than intense-Some plot points aren't as impactful as they should be-Those who are easily frightened might be turned off by the number of jump scares"
76561198035094230,Recommended,418370,29497647,Posted: 26 January,all,Cpt.Hoang,Very good graphics and gameplay. 9/10
,Recommended,418370,29471592,Posted: 24 January,all,patrick.dicko123,this is how horror games should be made!!!!
76561198233662408,Recommended,418370,29650646,Posted: 2 February,all,JMc48,"Quite simply, excellent gameplay and graphics. Enjoyed it from start to finish.Toal time of around 13-14 hours as i didn't rush through it."
76561198129612343,Recommended,418370,30756125,Posted: 26 March,all,agoN,Saved the series.
,Recommended,418370,29596381,Posted: 30 January,all,Outlaw x 313,Trying to save my girl 3 years after getting kidnapped and this b*tch cuts my hand off.....cool12/10 Crazy b*tch.
,Recommended,418370,31104790,Posted: 12 April,all,NO DA FLEEP REESET 69 YA NAN LOL,"I dearly loved this game. I never played a prievous RE game, but this one had everything a horror game needs. Action, adrenaline pumping, intense boss fights. Everything was on point and with the games butterfly effect ending, this is the first ever game i wanted to replay. Could have been a bit scarier, however the storyline truly complimented to a top game. Just get it and I promise you it will be money well-spent"
,Recommended,418370,32229645,Posted: 6 June,all,XGC Willy XS,Amazing
,Recommended,418370,32229330,Posted: 6 June,all,Meow Ай-ай-ай-ай!,Okay then
76561198116983424,Recommended,418370,34354207,Posted: 19 August,all,weaponizedautism,"so... despite owning this game since the literal minute it was released digitally, a fatal bug and apathy have made it so that ive never finished this masterpiece of a game, would anyone recommend the dlc?"
,Recommended,418370,29571316,Posted: 29 January,all,Palpy,Jack is my husbando.
,Recommended,418370,29485480,Posted: 25 January,all,MadOne,Beat it in one sitting at 1 in the morning... It's OK.
,Recommended,418370,30705630,Posted: 24 March,all,opauken.,hyvä tiettaripeli
,Recommended,418370,29502483,Posted: 26 January,all,nlolley,"Yes! Resident evil the right way, yes!"
76561198125506361,Recommended,418370,29804803,Posted: 9 February,all,Sixelav,Amazing game10/10
,Recommended,418370,29606593,Posted: 31 January,all,Karu,"I screamed like a little girl more than I care to admit. This game is great and totally separates itself from action-oriented REs of late. It brought back the feeling of helplessness of RE1-RE3. I still wish it was still zombies, but heck, who am I to complain. Thanks Capcom for this!"
,Recommended,418370,30026555,Posted: 18 February,all,Fractur3D,I'm infected!!! Can't remember the last time I've been this hooked to a game!
,Recommended,418370,29847285,Posted: 11 February,all,ZombiDJ,I crapped a brick house
,Recommended,418370,30028070,Posted: 18 February,all,Filthy F@#kin' Spoon,10/10 would poop my pants for 60$ again.
76561198320313918,Recommended,418370,30072965,Posted: 20 February,all,GFluTater,Very great game that brought the RE title back to survival horror genre.
76561198137316734,Recommended,418370,29457167,Posted: 23 January,all,Walrusbagel,10 spoops/10. Looks surprisingly good on just a 970m.
,Recommended,418370,29457154,Posted: 23 January,all,Jiroh,Spooky. Only lacks 21:9 support.No technical issuesWin10i7-6850kTitan X Pascal 2x SLI
,Recommended,418370,29457192,Posted: 23 January,all,Bittah Bandit,Puts the horror back in Resident Evil.
,Recommended,418370,29474803,Posted: 24 January,all,o-|==>-CheezWarrior-<==|-o,"It's exactly as they promised....we have a bonefide reinvention of a very welcome title.- Unique Bosses- Puzzles- Real-time item management, New strats for boss fights.- Dynamic ObjectsIt's fun, keeps you guessing, and above all else.....fun :)Good game guys"
76561198024005413,Recommended,418370,29756450,Posted: 6 February,all,LupinThe3rd,Over all from playing every single RE i have to say this game was refreshing to play after so many hours of playing boring other games.
76561198135114224,Recommended,418370,29493234,Posted: 25 January,all,BETTY,Filled my pants with crap within 3 min of the game.
76561198048244832,Recommended,418370,29581870,Posted: 30 January,all,anchovypaste,"After the abomination that was re6, it's good that the series is making a good attempt to get back to the roots. The Baker family mansion is kind of reminiscent of the Spencer one, albeit with a southern twist. Instead of zombies, there's a bunch of globby black things, and a bunch of cooky southern folks who want you to eat their weird dinner.$60 is a bit much for a somewhat-short campaign, but I'm happy that capcom decided to go with quality over quantity. I still recommend getting it, or borrowing it from a friend. Apparently theres free DLC included for later in the year, so that's pretty good.If you're easily spooked just play it with some friends, makes it extremely bearable (source: me)But, the best experience is by yourself in a dark room, as you probably already know :D"
76561198171574242,Recommended,418370,29943649,Posted: 15 February,all,dlc-1998,Definitely a good game!
76561198101543622,Recommended,418370,29581975,Posted: 30 January,all,sico2d,If you like horror then you've got to play this game!
,Recommended,418370,29581716,Posted: 30 January,all,Jack Bright,"♥♥♥♥ you, ♥♥♥♥ this house, ♥♥♥♥ the people that live in this house, ♥♥♥♥ everything within a mile of this house, ♥♥♥♥ that boat, ♥♥♥♥ that other boat, ♥♥♥♥ those bugs, ♥♥♥♥ this gun, ♥♥♥♥ that black goo♥♥♥♥♥♥ and especially ♥♥♥♥ that peice of♥♥♥♥♥♥ghost♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.Oh, right, the game. Its pretty good. Beginning's super contrived and relies on standard ""Horror protagonist is a dumbass"" but the rest of its good. Atmosphere's 10/10 and you're generally on edge the whole time. Lasts about nine hours and thats with me wandering around looking for stuff I couldn't find and I needed to progress. The combat can be frustrating at times, mostly because everyone moves slow in this game except for these one enemies and they're just the most annoying thing you'll ever see. Other than that combat's fairly basic but the boss battles are good. I can't say I was ever downright SCARED but there was this one area that was a giant NOPE zone, the game does nail disgust pretty well.Oh and ♥♥♥♥ BOW's."
76561198103630440,Recommended,418370,30400767,Posted: 8 March,all,homosexual (gone xxxtra sexual),"good gameammo is always scarce, which makes you want to make every bullet countand 1 bullet can be the difference between a lost fight and a winthe bakers are fun to fight, unlike molded which become the main enemy near the end of the game, but still some fun to fight-1,000 points for making you play as a girl for part of the game+10,000 points for letting you play as a straight white male for most of the gamethe game will take you about 10 hours to beat on your first run, but if you speed run it you would probably get under 4 hours, but i suggest taking your time on the first go round so you can really enjoy all aspects of the gameyou will unlock certain things after beating the game, which adds replayabilityyou will probably spent 15+ hours on this game if you enjoy your first play of it, which is likelyi reccomend buying it"
,Recommended,418370,29652886,Posted: 2 February,all,CharlieZorro,"I'am No.1 Resident Evil, i played all main RE games, this game is revolution for Resident Evil"
76561198205258496,Recommended,418370,29583816,Posted: 30 January,all,Dafne Keen,"Nice game , and a ♥♥♥♥ing awesome"
76561198106407516,Recommended,418370,29524509,Posted: 27 January,all,123,AwsoooomeeeeE!!!!
76561197960720693,Recommended,418370,29534523,Posted: 27 January,all,Royal Assassin,"This game held my interest all the way through. It was a great mix of creepy atmosphere, exciting chase sequences, challenging fights, scrounging for supplies, and solving simple puzzles. I was most impressed by the level designs. It really did feel like a family just gave up on maintaining their home and it fell in to disrepair. There was almost always little hidden gems in every nook and cranny.  Combat was also a bright spot as I always felt like I had just barely enough ammo to see my way forward. I never walked in to a fight saying ""I got this for sure.""My one nitpick is that a couple of the boss fights were unclear as to what to do. I actually went online to see if there was a trick to the mother because I poured a lot of ammo in to her and I had no clue I was doing the right thing. No indication was given that her health was being damaged.All in all, any Resident Evil fan will love this game. Newcomers will enjoy it as well if they ware looking for a solid horror/survival game"
76561198321122324,Recommended,418370,29534749,Posted: 27 January,all,XxEthanovichxX,"This game makes Outlast feel like child's play. The combat is easy to pick up on but is challenging since your enemies usually take quite a few shots (easiest enemy is 4 head shots on normal difficulty). The game itself has be pausing it every now and then just to get my bearing and balls back. Overall it really is a great game. I was never really into the other games but I have played some of them. I'm definitely not brave enough to play this in VR. Scary enough just looking at a screen or even watching someone else play. The game has all of the survival horror mechanics and ideas put into it but to me it seems like one of the best ones I have played. I havent played for super long but thats just because I'm so busy. If I could spend the day playing this...I TOTALLY WOULD! Feels like outlast but with more puzzles, combat, bosses, and other RE-like mechanics and feels. Honestly worth the price if you like horror and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥your pants."
,Recommended,418370,29534880,Posted: 27 January,all,Facarwi,"A fantastic game to say the least. Yes its only 8 hours or so long but replay value is high with an alternate ending and trademark Resident Evil challenges, including Madhouse mode that limits saves, increases mob diffcaulty and frequency and totally mixes what and where items are with even more items to upgrade. It's unmistakably Resident Evil modernised for a whole new slew of fans to enjoy, I am going back and playing the older ones now I loved it that much!A must buy even at full price, I would hold off on the season pass to see what comes out, and make sure your system can handle the game."
76561198306983059,Recommended,418370,29536367,Posted: 28 January,all,nrblaze,"I'm glad they change the style of the game back to its orignal games. It truly feels like a horror game. First person view makes the thrill feel more dynamic. Sound is great, the atmospher is spooky, and so far the story is dragging me in.Only downfall is,too scary :)but thats a good thing really"
76561198030523236,Recommended,418370,29583771,Posted: 30 January,all,(OTG) Taramil,"Pro: Great Game, Immersive. Challenging (too much some times) Good Story LineCon: Game designed to limit your abilities: No running.. just a sad, old-man shuffle which is very frustrating. Game Physics work against you. Knocked down? takes too long to get back up, Boss Fights that can hit you through objects (I'm looking at you Jack!)Summary: It's worth the aggrevation."
76561197982469984,Recommended,418370,29536408,Posted: 28 January,all,hardenmod,Fantastic! Can't wait to experience all over again. Hoping they make this playable on Vive.
,Recommended,418370,29642055,Posted: 1 February,all,killumati,"for the guys who think the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t that resident evil 4 is the best, i'm sorry get over with it, its the past, resident in first person is awesome, scary, tense, RE4 is not that perfect of a game, sorry but a i hate the game from the point you have that  asshol...... ashley to the end, i dont see no difference from RE4 to RE5 an RE6 fact(i was a kid when i first played it and till today i dont fell not a inch scaried from that game fact), the same new gameplay that RE4 Created before, was done again now by RE7, its bringing a new style of terror game that worked on others title like outlast and its work perfectly on RE7 universe to, and its not just a copy please, tell me where do you can shoot someone or hit them using something on that stupid outlast game, sorry thats just my opinion, but that is it, resident evil 7 is a awesome game, bring a new style that fuse pt silent hills and outlast , with first person shooter, that work beautifully, thanks capcom you rocked it."
76561198079550665,Recommended,418370,29724694,Posted: 5 February,all,BallSaq™,"Getting the♥♥♥♥♥♥scared out of you and your hepless is one thing, getting the♥♥♥♥♥♥scared out of you and you have a shotgun is another. Resident Evil 7 = Good Time."
,Recommended,418370,29529382,Posted: 27 January,all,Carniveil,"One of my all time favorite games. Very fun, creepy, kooky, and spooky. All in one. I'll be looking forward to Spring 2017 for good reason now."
,Recommended,418370,29529364,Posted: 27 January,all,Fluttershy,"So I've been waiting for this game for months... Ever since I heard it was going to be a first person AAA horror game, I was VERY interested. In my rush to get the game pretty last minute (I don't know why I did), I decided to pay the extra $30 USD to get the deluxe edition because I really wanted the game. Anyway, point is, I ended up pre-ordering it. Now that the game is out, I have a few critiques about it, some good, some bad, and I have reached a final conclusion: It, was definitely worth the $90 I spent!Good things about Resident Evil 7First person - Finally! The game is in first person! I don't know, I think I'd prefer if it had choices between being first person, third person (like Resident Evil 4) and classic cameras.Optimized - The game runs amazing on my laptop! Even if I don't plug it in, and I don't lower the graphics it's still playable! So what I'm trying to say is, besides Resident Evil 1-3 (original versions of each), this is the first well optimized game for low end gaming...Atmosphere - The atmosphere is definitely required in any horror game, but this game exceeds in creating a good one. Every time I went around a corner, I felt dread thinking thatJack or Marguerite Bakerwould find me. Except towards the end of the game, which I will get into later...Balanced Items - It's a really good thing in a game when you can carry 200 bullets in the magazine of a pistol that is fully automatic and fires .50 buckshot explosive shells, but in this game, you get just enough ammo, just enough power, and just enough accuracy to succeed, and nothing more.Puzzles - The puzzles are difficult, but not tedious. Sure, some of them are really hard, and I won't get into details as to what some of these are (simply because of the fact I don't want to spoil it since it's brand new), but some of them are recycled. One example of this is theshotgunpuzzle which was recycled from Resident Evil 1.Blocking/Dodging - Sure this could be labelled as ""over powered"" but trust me, in thechainsaw fight with Mia, it REALLY helps... Of course, in other points it's useful, but this is where it's most prominant...Neutral things about Resident Evil 7 (Good and bad)Pre-order bonuses - So I'm sure it's known by now that the bonuses are as follows: 1 Strong First Aid Med, 1 First Aid Med, a few herbs and a defense coin, but these are a little useful to start the game with (especially the defense coin). But then, there's Madhouse difficulty... The creators even put a message in the game that recommends you not play it right off... It is cool, the fact that you have to ration Cassette tapes like old Resident Evil games (which is why when people say it's a throwback to the originals) is cool, but the difficulty itself is unforgiving... Have any of you actually played it? Let me rephrase this because I'm sure a lot of people did, have any of you made it past the first boss fight (or rather the firsthouse)?Bad things about Resident Evil 7Difficulties - So the game's been out for a while, everyone knows how the game plays (except people debating about buying the game and thus reading this), but everyone also knows how much of a difficulty swing there is from Normal difficulty to Madhouse difficulty. In Normal, it's kind of easy. I mean, it's still got a little challenge, but fairly forgiving. Madhouse difficulty on the other hand, is easily 3 times as hard. You have to be pretty perfect throughout the game. The first boss is ridiculously hard on this mode.Bosses - The bosses are hard in this game. They're more along the lines of Dead Rising rejects than Resident Evil bosses. I mean, they do change a bit and get cooler after each fight, but they're hard, and occasionally, forgetable. The bosses aren't just challenging, they're more along the tiers of, ""If you don't do this right, and you don't concerve ammo, you will die!"" I don't know why, they're just hard. Enough said really...In the end, I don't hate the game, but I say it could use some work. I still do love the game, and it's probably my new favorite game in the series... If you're debating about whether or not to buy it, just buy it."
,Recommended,418370,29534608,Posted: 27 January,all,Amélie Lacroix,Scary EviromentsScary soundsScary looking peopleScary jumpscaresNew underwearPretty good to me
76561198031202582,Recommended,418370,29584027,Posted: 30 January,all,TanTatum,"this game is spooky and it feels lke the old school RE from it was before, only this time is first person. no issues with fps. the only downside it DOES NOT SUPPORT ULTRAWIDE MONITOR, so lame, too bad.."
,Recommended,418370,29556460,Posted: 28 January,all,Goombachi,"So lets be real, everyone by now knows of the game. youtube social media, friends family ect. going to go down to the points where i will persuade you to buy the game.Pros :audio is great and will send down your spine. 1st person view to withness the glory of the graphics that is re engine. [runs max everything besides shadow and AA on frequent 75 fps (my laptops g synch refresh rate on gtx 970m)] boss fights so tense that it will make your heart beat faster. the immense pressure for you to go to that place that you know you have to, but dont want to. inventory management and replay value in other difficulty, speed running, 100% game etc...Cons: game i feel is too short [not that its a bad thing i want more of it] voice acting is crap. there has been instances where jack just walk in place because a door is open so he cannot go anywhere forcing you to encounter him and give him the slip.and finally like all horror games, some things are too predictable and eventually you can just run pass it. How the ending overall was and how they tied the Bakers towards the resident evil lore I felt was pushed and not naturally uncovered.overall: yes buy the game. i havnt felt this uncomfortable since amnesia first came out 2010. no other game until now made me hit the esc button to catch my breath. great game and capcom really outdid themselves. they HAVE to follow this format for any future remasters re releases mods, new game any ♥♥♥♥ing thing resident evil related MUST be in this format, its just that damn good."
,Recommended,418370,29538778,Posted: 28 January,all,s T VV s;,Never have I been so happy about the invention of doors. Privacy is an integral part of the human rights.
,Recommended,418370,29539012,Posted: 28 January,all,"Destroy, Erase, Improve","Great game. Lighting is A1 amazing. Animations were spectacular. Great pay off with the ending. Interesting engaging game design. Only thing that really bugged me was some of the sections with the old man. It almost felt like your character was being harassed having your head grabbed all the time! I personally got REALLY frustrated during those sections.Also, not sure I wanted a newChris Redfield character. I liked the old one but, whatever. I'll give it a go. First person view is a great change up too.My final comment... My commendation to the developers that constantly keep this series fresh and interesting. And for going back to their roots with survival horror and doing an awesome job! Cant wait to see what's next."
,Recommended,418370,29539024,Posted: 28 January,all,Jeffy,"8/10.A classic ""Amnesia"" type horror where the player is helpless and needs to run upon starting, transforming into a beautifully crafted first-person shooter survival horror, Resident Evil has gone back to the roots of utilising atmosphere to instill a sense of terror. Each character had their own personality, however the female protagonist ""Zoe"" was a little obscure.The story is great for the first three quarters. The rest is a little too close to F.E.A.R. than I would like to admit. Set at a mansion in the middle of a desolate, swampy 'outback' in Louisiana, prepare to meet the Bakers; a family with a Hills-Have-Eyes'esque touch.Graphics are fantastic. Music builds tension. Gameplay is solid when it comes to first-person shooting, and kudos to CAPCOM for maintaining the Tetris-style inventory, which in previous games annoyed the poop out of me, but in this game felt very accommodating. One negative involved the running; it felt very, very slow. It's both a negative, due to a feeling of unsatisfaction and that nearly all chase events, the enemy would be square on your butt; but positive, in that it built tension in the events of being chased.Strongly recommend if you like the Resident Evil series, with a touch of Amnesia, The Evil Within and a first-person shooter.Welcome to the family, son."
76561198013686754,Recommended,418370,29538890,Posted: 28 January,all,=CBK= Tovek,"Amazing game, picked it up and couldnt stop. Brought me back to that RE:1 feel. At first i didnt think id like the first person view, but now I can see it was such a great move by capcom. 10/10 havent felt this satisfied with a RE game since before 4."
,Recommended,418370,29642324,Posted: 1 February,all,ωɾеакιпɢ ʜаνοс,"I'm not really sure how I feel about this game. In my opinion the game is as good as beating only once as I've not really felt the ''horror'' from this game. Just a few predictable jump scares I could tell was coming. The storyline is confusing even if you point things out in bold text.  I had loved the idea of sneaking around and hiding and the mystery of things and trying to find out what was going on, but a lot of things were completely unexplanned.Doesn't Explain how When Ethen loses his hand and Zoe staples it together how he can still use it.Doesn't explain when Jack Baker takes your leg off with a shovel that first aid literally connects it back.Doesn't explain who Mia was working for or with. Doesn't explain who the ♥♥♥♥ this Redfield guy is or if it's even Chris. Also doesn't explain why Umbrella if anything has Chris (if it is him) under their managmentThe unlockables are crap if not anything else.I'm grateful I got to play it though. It was fun when you first play it, but after beating it once or twice it literally gets sucked dry.  It's like 20% Jump scares, 80% Action. I guess overall a okay game. Worth the wait from RE6? No. Worth the $60? Hell no."
76561197960401084,Recommended,418370,29537615,Posted: 28 January,all,matt_dragon2,"Summary:Amazing. Took me 12 hours non stop playing to complete. Those 12 hours my heart never stopped racing.Highly recommend.Graphics were amazing on high settings.Has a manual save and auto save feature which I found useful.Story kept you wanting to know more.Uses everything right from resident evil IE horror, action, story, suspense,  NO quick time events!Some people thought 12 hours was too short, but I felt I got my moneys worth. There was no padding in the game, so there was always something going on.It felt like a mix of resident evil 1, 3, 4, revelations 1.I wasn't too sure about the First person view, but you completely forget your playing like that.9/10."
76561198134571315,Recommended,418370,29797809,Posted: 9 February,all,"Who Will Fix Me Now?? :""(",Great Game <3 so sad that the story is so short i hope they can make a new resident evil fast
76561197988073031,Recommended,418370,29772218,Posted: 7 February,all,Dr.Doom 88,"Outstanding game. This is by far the best resident evil game ever. Everything about it was spot on. Even the voice acting. Capcom has really put everything they got to make this game. And the sound effects was so realistic. Og playet the game on my big screen, with my 8000 dollar surround sound. And then something loud was happening, I nearly♥♥♥♥♥♥myself. The story line was well ritten. Very good job Capcom. Don't wait to buy on sale, this is easily 50 euro woth it."
76561198034715175,Recommended,418370,29470894,Posted: 24 January,all,trex134,The game is very good but it can't run full screen for 2560 x 1080
,Recommended,418370,32226893,Posted: 6 June,all,Salamantere™,I just say. PERFECT HORROR GAME !!!
76561198060857537,Recommended,418370,33058606,Posted: 30 June,all,Scylla,It's as if outlast and condemned had a child.
76561198049644465,Recommended,418370,32262203,Posted: 7 June,all,Itzcoactl,"Sheer perfection. Please buy this game, you will NOT regret it."
,Recommended,418370,33366521,Posted: 8 July,all,Dinoraptorsaurus,"Resident Evil 4 was my favorite Resident Evil game until this one came out. It's good, really good, genuinely one of the best experiences I've had with a video game in years. Whether you want the season pass or not is up to you, it gives a bit more story and some fun minigames, but that's about it. The main story should be the real reason you buy this game."
76561198072784334,Recommended,418370,29562325,Posted: 29 January,all,vinnyknight0123,a fun scary return to form for the resident evil series for better or worsti have played almost every resident evil game since the begining and i have to say this game is great for the most partafter going in a different direction with the series since resident evil 4 the games have been changing in a way that was taking it away from its survival horror roots and in to more of a straight action series that i was starting to dislike it just wasn't scary anymore but with resident evil 7 capcom delivers a diffrent kind of resident evil game that for the first time in awhile made scared when the game first starts it feels and plays so diffrent from other resident evil games with real scares and a very creepy atmospheric and alot of fun however after little ways in the game become your standard resident evil game and it loses alot of steam now that not a bad thing its still fun to play but it just feels like they were pushing the evolope with the game at the start and just phoned in the rest the game is also shorter then most of the other resident evil gamesit feel like capcom could have done so much more with the game but for what is there it is worth a buy maybe wait for a sale7 out of 10
76561198133531828,Recommended,418370,29565946,Posted: 29 January,all,123,Amazing game worth every penny
76561198364959983,Recommended,418370,30702068,Posted: 24 March,all,world6war6me6,THE BEST!!!!
,Recommended,418370,29575608,Posted: 29 January,all,Otis,"If you are a huge fan of games like Amnesia and Outlast, then you will thoroughly enjoy this. If you're expecting to run around shooting las plagas like in previous titles, you may be somewhat disappointed.It's a very different approach they've taken and a risky one at that but for me, personally, I'm loving it. The atmosphere is eerie and intense. The voice acting is amazing to say the least. Environment has great attention to detail.The combat scenarios could seem a little daunting to anyone that doesn't conserve ammo, doesn't usually aim for certain weak spots or simply just finds it way too hard.You'll spend a certain amount of time hiding and sneaking around (hence the earlier game refrences).The only con I would mention is that the preorder didn't come with a change of pants..."
,Recommended,418370,29575627,Posted: 29 January,all,Paturious,Terrifying interactive horror movie.  Remember the first time you played Silent Hill?  Remember how scared you were?  This is worse.  You will die.  You will fail.  You will need to hide.  Finally....
76561198068502516,Recommended,418370,29575931,Posted: 29 January,all,ninjatronix,"This game is fun. It nods it's head to older RE games and puts you at the helm of a average guy trying to find his fiancé. The guy sucks to play because he's so average, but that's the part of the game. The game has excellent level design and is challenging at times. It will scare you with jump scares; the sound can make you say, ""Nope! not going in there!"" It's not like Outlast in the scare department, but RE7 is definitely creepy, gory, and gross. I'm having a great time playing it and trying to figure stuff out.Go buy this game, it's worth the $60. It's pretty easy to run. Some games I can't run at 4K max settings and get 60fps on a GTX 1090FE, I usually have to bump them down to 1440 max settings, but I can get a steady 50fps in 4k max settings. Though the textures aren't the best ever. However, it does make up for it by making the house feel lived in. You can almost tell what has happened there just by the design and all the objects laying about.Stop reading and go buy this game."
,Recommended,418370,29576616,Posted: 29 January,all,Goujon John,10/10 would be a Daddy to a supernatural little brat.
,Recommended,418370,29575826,Posted: 29 January,all,Final Mega BOSS,Plays like resident evil. Feels like resident evil. This is Resident Evil!5 Stars! Bravo Capcom.
,Recommended,418370,29575499,Posted: 29 January,all,Odda,"Thankfully Capcom did to us old fans what we REALLY missed for many years. That old discovery of WHAT-THE-ACTUAL-FÛCK-is-going-on-here feeling; I particularly didn't like so much RE4 for I was so wont to RE0/1/2/3 and Code Veronica... so RE7 brings us that feeling so hard that even make me happily emotive :')The game changed a lot regarding gameplay, the remarkable difference is First Person View (which, don't get me wrong it's AWESOME), and you do not control a Hero like Chris, Claire, Leon whatever. Returning to the very same RE game, you DO need to manage your ammunition instead of shooting every walking foe. You really feel again that horror that survival feeling the older RE's managed to make us feel, but now way more gory and disgusting and impacting, thanks to first person view. For those who says the puzzles are simplistic even weak, well it may be but it depends on how much you are used to solving puzzles. If you're not that into puzzle games, so prepare yourself to have a challenging puzzle from time to time, perhaps some disappointments if you're bad at solving those.Well it's a fresh new, GREAT game. You should totally play if you like horror survival games. It was not hyped and for a lot of people (I'm one of those) the quality overall it's beyond all of our expectations. I didn't finish the game yet, but so far everything came awesomely cool and it's more than recommended, it's a must play. Go on, don't be a wuss ♥♥♥♥♥, buy and play it right now!"
,Recommended,418370,29575953,Posted: 29 January,all,Vaalrn,"Spooky doesn't even begin to describe this game. Stepping away from the frantic action of RE4-6, this thriller takes the slower, more atomsphereic path of RE1-3. Finding small puzzle peices to progress through the game while trying to escape insane family members is what you'll be doing for the 1st part of the game. It accomplishes it well by having a lot of shortcuts in the house that you'll discover to make the task not as tedious.I didn't play it in VR, but I still jumped at many scences. The game knows how to create tension. Gunplay and exploration feel slow, but very responive. The story is pretty engaging, as well. Adopting more of the ""small notes to form the big picture""approach. All in all, I'd recommend this game to anyone. It's a great addition to the Resident Evil franchise, and I cannot wait to play the DLC."
,Recommended,418370,29576143,Posted: 29 January,all,Tiny Rick,"Great return for the horror franchise. After years of lackluster titles, this is a fresh and amazing breath of life into the series."
,Recommended,418370,30319910,Posted: 4 March,all,Britt,"The game was a little short and didn't have as much new game+ stuff for it as the previous RE games, but holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this game was amazing. It was nothing less than an experience and scared the hell out of me!  Totally worth the money, and I'm hoping the DLC and upcoming DLC's will add more new game+ and other goodies to the game."
,Recommended,418370,31694359,Posted: 11 May,all,[dW]caustiK,I have been playing RE since the mansion. Missed the creepy/terrifying feeling of just walking around every corner. This game is incredible. Have♥♥♥♥♥♥the pants nearly 32 times.
76561197961992616,Recommended,418370,29626713,Posted: 1 February,all,VitalityOne,good game 8/10
,Recommended,418370,29459889,Posted: 24 January,all,Machajotz,Been playing for about 4 hours now this game is amazing. The mixture of the classics and the new playstyle creates an enganging gameplay. So far the story is great but looks like it is gonna be a short one (I hope it won't). The game runs nice to about 45 FPS with hight settings with GTX 770 although the game has small freezes (about half a second) every time I change places. Looking forward to finishing the game!
,Recommended,418370,29473201,Posted: 24 January,all,GetDatBooty,grewuie;'kgviorengq1w3jfr
76561198235772954,Recommended,418370,32750382,Posted: 24 June,all,BANG,"Very good game.I recommend it for horror fans because the game is killing the word horror,now this is what we were waiting for capcom."
,Recommended,418370,29465399,Posted: 24 January,all,Skelly,The resident evil we all asked foritem boxes herbs kooky villians genuine scares and scrabbling for every item you can get10/10
76561198035857269,Recommended,418370,29949900,Posted: 15 February,all,Masteroffaces1,Though this game is very short I still felt fulfilled after beating it.  The game is fairly slow but that just bilds the tension and the gun play is fun and feels powerfull.  It's an all around good game.
,Recommended,418370,29949516,Posted: 15 February,all,Thug Rod,"Uhm.. Hmmm, where to start. So this game runs great on my Windows XP! I have a intel family graphics card and a i3 core! ♥♥♥♥ing amazing optimization!"
76561197972672549,Recommended,418370,32545196,Posted: 18 June,all,Dirty Gaijin,A family reunion? Christmas dinner? Shoot the Goth loli and call it a day.
,Recommended,418370,29544866,Posted: 28 January,all,Two-IC,♥♥♥♥ this game
,Recommended,418370,32582972,Posted: 19 June,all,Jack Baker,"Ain't often we come across games like these, I'll give them that. it makes me feel on edge, constantly heart beating like anyone could be it's last. very horrifying, yet calm, dead, dying, and a damned-feeling atmosphere, sorta medium selection of weaponry, realistic graphics, and awesome voice-over work. a rather psychotic insano husband/dad, a crazy wife who screams alot, and a son who is just an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. modern every-day family, chopping people's body parts off and cookin' up human remains, stalking, and trying to kill terrified players. great game developers! great game! side note: if your bloodpreasure/pulse goes through the roof, dont be afraid to take a break, family's waiting."
76561198141983663,Recommended,418370,31964752,Posted: 25 May,all,kotaiviktor117,Best experience in years. Highly recommended with controller and a nice 4k HDR TV. incredible
76561198032581245,Recommended,418370,31053578,Posted: 9 April,all,STEALTHxPHANTOM,"Excellent. I disliked the game at first but it gets much much better as the story progresses. It's kind of a mix of ""Layers of Fear"" , ""F.E.A.R"" , and ""Metro Last Light"" ."
76561198004113359,Recommended,418370,29571138,Posted: 29 January,all,Kjelle2K,"if you expect a classic Resident evil game, then this isn't it, this is more of a combo of silent hill - outlast, Thinking capcom showing off what to come! tho i recommend it, it has a scary enviroment and great puzzles, the soundeffects are amazing!"
76561197960519444,Recommended,418370,30606825,Posted: 18 March,all,Pickle Rick,As someone who has never played these before I enjoyed this.
,Recommended,418370,30618597,Posted: 19 March,all,povlur.,best video game ever made bar none
,Recommended,418370,29549736,Posted: 28 January,all,Mister Sinister,"I'll have you know I beat this game in 9 hours and I only crapped myself 6 times...per hour.If you but this game, make sure you're wearing your brown pants."
,Recommended,418370,29591357,Posted: 30 January,all,Connor TOB,Best resident evil story i've played. Glad to see that the RE series is going back to it's original roots like 1 & 4. Really can't wait for the DLC10/10
,Recommended,418370,29684837,Posted: 3 February,all,Anon Ymous,An actual survival horror game from resident evil! Who would have thunk it. Pretty good. Best one in the franchise imo.
76561198245600826,Recommended,418370,29579907,Posted: 29 January,all,Jazza,"Middle of the DAY in a safe room, still scared the $h!ttt outta me.- Great puzzle solving/ back tracking.- love the FPS style10/10 would play again."
76561198080163895,Recommended,418370,30132392,Posted: 23 February,all,DoomRaptor,"Even though I played this for 2 hours (kind of busy atm) I gotta say that the franchise just gave me more jumpscares.If you want a game that is scary, slowpaced (maybe slightly frantic), fresh and not bad story, as well as something challenging, and with puzzles, get this game. The dlc is also recommended if you want more of the spookiness."
,Recommended,418370,30137637,Posted: 24 February,all,suction,It's Macabre
,Recommended,418370,29969499,Posted: 16 February,all,bottomless beep boop,fun game. not really scary but there are some really cool bits. jack's AI is really unpredictable and can do some cool stuff (eg. hacking your leg off and making you crawl over to pick it up) but a lot of the cool stuff kinda wears off a bit in the later game. the bosses are okay (apart from marguerite) and guns are fun.
,Recommended,418370,30118623,Posted: 23 February,all,Tommahawk20,GREAT. This game was just beautiful theres an amazing story to it the graphics are great and i love the crafting feature. I LOVE THIS GAME
76561198269712120,Recommended,418370,30118668,Posted: 23 February,all,Woman  Respecter 5000,"Its a great game, worth your monney. Various audio sync issues throughout."
76561198179109561,Recommended,418370,30119206,Posted: 23 February,all,Darkstar2003,This game really suprised me when I first played it. for the first resident evil game i ever played its very good definately play this game
,Recommended,418370,30344200,Posted: 5 March,all,thehuskygt,"Of all the developers, I never expected Capcom to actually listen to their fans. RE7 takes the franchise to its roots with an original twist. There are so many things here that scream with Resident Evil nostalgia. I haven't finished the game yet, but every minute I've played it (I dare to say) it almost feels like playing the first three games including Zero.Bravo, Capcom! After two very weak releases continuing RE4, plus the horribly un optimized RE HD, I had given up on one of my favorite franchises. But I decided to try the demo and that just won me back. Been playing the full game, and I can feel the oldschool passion once again. It's almost like what Doom 2016 did.Technical wise, the game is very good as well. Maxed out. System played on:i5 6600k @4.2ghzGTX 107020GB ramAsus 144hz 1ms gaming monitorGraphics are not the best out there even maxed out, but it has its own unique atmosphere to it. Nonetheless it is a very good looking game. Very smooth textures and character designs. Breathtaking light effects. Some shadows do have a very grainy filter applied that was not present in the demo. It is not very pleasing.Sound is a bit muffled, but it is a trend RE has shown since RE4. Most of the classic sound effects are there which is a real treat for die-hard fans. Music and ambience sounds will make you look behind you at all times.Controls are responsive. Very well optimized for keyboard and mouse, even though you can tell it was made for controller at times.Overal gameplay is not as extreme as it seems in the demo, or at the beginning. The game does slow down a lot and other than a couple of monsters in a basement, some of your classic mutated insects and some invulnerable enemy stalking you constantly a la Nemesis or Mr. X, the game doesn't feel that clustrophobic, unpredictable or extremely scary. Which is fine, because it makes you enjoy it a bit better rather than becoming a nerve-wrecking chore. Classic puzzles are back, classic map and backtracking are back, safe rooms with trunks are back. Overall, you find yourself playing a genuine RE that ballances a bit of suspense-horror, a very few jumpscares, uncertainty when you walk into a new area, but at end you feel you are in control at all times.Best RE in decades. I hope RE8 is bigger, brings classic characters, but at the same time keeps the same engine and gameplay formula than this game.Good game, Capcom."
,Recommended,418370,30345157,Posted: 5 March,all,chadcornish,"Played the first coupe of RE games on PS1 and Dreamcast, then fizzled out on them. Hits the mark with the fantastic firts-person play, but the puzzles are predictably the same. Everyone that see's it has to watch for a while over my shoulder, or wants to play it. Really enjoying this game."
76561197976727102,Recommended,418370,30346319,Posted: 5 March,all,theFrick,"This is a great great game. Been a long time RE fan, loved the earlier ones the most and dont really know how some of those later ones even passed as RE games at all so I stayed away from some of those ""action (no horror) shooters"". They really went back to their roots with this one. I liked that they branched out with some new characters rather than continue beating the old ones to death. The set is beautiful and loaded with detail and full of creepy that makes me UNCOMFORTABLE. This game takes me back to the originals that got my blood pumping and im loving it. I thought i would miss the 3rd person but once i started going i havent thought twice about it. Yes the molded jerks did get a little old but thats really all that bothered me and it was EASY to overlook. Capcom please keep this kinda stuff up :) 4.5 outa 5"
76561197970052295,Recommended,418370,30348657,Posted: 5 March,all,Biocoug,"Hands down, this game is an fantastic achievement in the genre. What makes this game incredible is the brilliant balance of  pacing, technical effects, and gameplay mechanics. RE7 nails this wonderfully.The technical aspects make this one of the most immersive experinces in recent memory. While the pacing allows important moments to build, and keeps the gameplay engaging. The mechanics are very well thought out. You always seem to feel vounerable, and will find yourself strategizing routes and inventory managment to survive.RE7 Team. Well done."
76561198153882728,Recommended,418370,30658629,Posted: 21 March,all,john,amazing game
,Recommended,418370,31312020,Posted: 22 April,all,Not Omegaphize,"the only thing i dont like about this game is that the price tag is a lil bit over priced by  10-20 dollars. The rest is smooth famTee Hee, welcome to the fameleh son~"
76561198031664385,Recommended,418370,29562586,Posted: 29 January,all,el,RE is back
,Recommended,418370,29853462,Posted: 11 February,all,Phillip,I finally play the real resident evil !!! GOOD JOB GUYS!!!
76561198125218159,Recommended,418370,30652013,Posted: 21 March,all,aeriagloris,"Many franchises today feel forced to take steps forward at any cost and explore new directions: More than once this behavior has turned out to create mediocre or plain bad games.CAPCOM takes a step back with RE7 and thereby does its own franchise justice.This game can proudly wear the nameBIOHAZARD.The game is indeed back-to-the-roots, but also adapts the first person view well. It's most scary at the beginning, but that's the same for any horror game or even movie out there, so it's not a problem.Expect suspense AND shooting -- it is a Resident Evil game after all and not Outlast.Actual game time in my first playthrough on Normal (the highest you can chose at first) was roughly 11 hours. While I believe this is rather short, it seems to be the adjusted game time people classify as o.k. these days. CAPCOM promised a free DLC and should it add at least three more hours, I'd be satisfied even at 49,99.Recommended."
,Recommended,418370,30645296,Posted: 20 March,all,clematrix,Great game.  Still only partway through but definitely far more in the survival horror genre of the original than more of a shooter that the series later turned into.  Highly recommended.
,Recommended,418370,31825329,Posted: 18 May,all,SnappiestGnat,"This game was built for PC VR ( playstation release is supported by PSVR) but sadly its not available for  us PC gamers  just  yet..that being said , this game is  a horror masterpiece!!Ive played lots  of ""horror"" titles  but this one is worth every penny spent, its  lived  up to the hype and graphics/sound/replayability is all there..BUY IT!!"
,Recommended,418370,29463478,Posted: 24 January,all,TPI | Ketobbey,"Oh wow! Palyed 1.5 hrs and I have jumped upright a few times already. Playing at night lights off, headphones on. 980ti water cooled maxed every setting. 10/10"
76561198284591891,Recommended,418370,29510810,Posted: 26 January,all,maske1984,"boring so much fps drop in pc game instead of 16gb ram and r9 380 msi graphic wasted mine Rs. 2700 when you cant play at all, hang everywhere"
,Recommended,418370,29470874,Posted: 24 January,all,Bruce Wayne csgotower.com,A great game.Yes its quite good.Played it only for a while cons and pros below.Cons:AtmosphereSound EffectsStoryGameplayControlsGraphicsPros:Hanging/Freezing Of Game 1 or 2 sec randomlyIf this issue is fixed this game is overall 10/10.Also anyone noticed?We wont die in first part when jack baker attacking us.I am playing it on easy mode.So maybe thats why or it a glitch.But anyway thanks capcom and please fix these random freezes :)
,Recommended,418370,29540372,Posted: 28 January,all,Monty.Joseph,It's just January and I already think that this is the Game of The Year!
76561198025973418,Recommended,418370,29554418,Posted: 28 January,all,YieldingSerenity,"Been playing RE since RE 1, and honestly this is the best one yet. It combines everything I loved from every game thus far. It has the trapped, anxious feeling you get from RE 1, solving puzzles and exploring to get out. It has the fear of a boss jumping out at you like RE 3. It has the limited amunition feeling from RE 1 - veronica, yet the supply crates from RE 4. Later game has boss battles that felt like RE 4 - 6, and a few levels that reminded me of the mines from RE 4. The ending reminded me a bunch of revalations. On top of it all, it was as scary as Silent Hills PT. Honestly, 10/10 game. Best RE yet."
76561198342155624,Recommended,418370,29554127,Posted: 28 January,all,eatdrumsleep,"Awsome game!! I don't know what more to say...but I will haha. First and fore most this game is very well optimized. Yea theres some fps dip at times, but it's nothing extreme and it certainly isn't enough to take you out of the incredible experience. I've never played a game quite like this and it diserves all the recongnition it's getting. I's spooky, you are always on the edge of your seat because of the enviroments are sooo creepy. You feel like a stone just sitting there because your chest is so tight for the anticipation, and you're just flat out terrified! Great step in the right direction."
,Recommended,418370,29542822,Posted: 28 January,all,winjzz,Clocked in 11 hours for my completion time and then went on to tell Aunt Rhody that everybody dies.
76561198053301750,Recommended,418370,29470923,Posted: 24 January,all,ϟϟ jolttt☠ ︻デ┳═ー.,"so so so goood i love it , so creepy! the fear has returned!"
76561197974815274,Recommended,418370,29477158,Posted: 24 January,all,youngxalxcapone,Resident Outlast.
76561198094438264,Recommended,418370,29832838,Posted: 10 February,all,douglasbrown242,"I thought the gameplay and graphics were great. They brought back the scary that I used to love. There were areas of the game where everything looked real, so great job on graphics. The only major issue with this game is the length of play time. Just when I thought I was moving onto another chapter, the game ended. Very disappointing. I'd give this game 5 stars if it were longer and honestly for $60 I expect it to be longer. They did say there will be free content in March so I look forward to that but I really felt I was in for a much longer story. 3 stars out of 5 in my book for length of game, 5 stars out of 5 for graphics."
76561198359882240,Recommended,418370,29901751,Posted: 13 February,all,Jammy,awesome game
76561197961013567,Recommended,418370,29903110,Posted: 13 February,all,Cholera[Epidemic],"Great graphics, storyline, and voice acting. Excellent game."
,Recommended,418370,29727607,Posted: 5 February,all,Phygar,Scary game with a good story.
76561198076260432,Recommended,418370,29767982,Posted: 7 February,all,Ghzoi,Amazing !!!! i loved it
,Recommended,418370,29531536,Posted: 27 January,all,Biggi,"I say without a doubt, this is the best Resident Evil I have ever played in my life.  It feels just like the original in the mansion but feels so much more smooth to me in the first person view.  If you have the money and like mysterious horror survival, BUY IT."
76561198118614815,Recommended,418370,29526342,Posted: 27 January,all,Shatterstars88 (Bumblebee),"Starting was pretty boring but it kicked uo quite nicely in the middle and then turned into an action game near the end where ammo is pretty much impossible to run out of. Average game time would be 8 - 10 hours to beat so its pretty short which would be a bad thing but hey free dlc in the spring so that evens it out if it ends up being good.All in all it was decent, Not the greatest resident evil but they learned from Re6's mistake so thats a good sign. Id wait to buy this though as $80 for it is honestly not worth it. Id wait for it to go on sale for at least $60 if you really wanna play it."
76561198008436729,Recommended,418370,29474219,Posted: 24 January,all,orcwarboss8,A great come back for the series.
,Recommended,418370,29479501,Posted: 25 January,all,Tory,Runs great because the graphics are source engine tiers of bad.Unreal engine 3 games like gigantic look better.Great console game.Kappa XD
76561198048454623,Recommended,418370,29481743,Posted: 25 January,all,ThunderZ,Pros- Puzzle- Inventory Management- Cute WifeCons- Freeze- Backtracking
,Recommended,418370,29494739,Posted: 25 January,all,bolonha,"Really enjoyed this game, very good story, great gameplay, very similar to the older REs in the right way, no cheap jumpscares, photo-realistic lightning and texture combination.10/10"
,Recommended,418370,29497456,Posted: 26 January,all,Dark]|[Void,"Capcom did it. They brought back classic Resident Evil! The atmosphere, the tension, the puzzles, even down to the save room and theme, this is Resident Evil through and through!The graphics are friggin' amazing! Honestly, it seems like Capcom was finally able to pull off graphics that rival the realism of the pre-rendered scenes of Remake and Zero... except in real-time. I'm impressed."
,Recommended,418370,29832255,Posted: 10 February,all,tenchu_matt,"Was on the fence for a while with this one, but decided to take the leap and i landed face first in a propper resident evil game and loved every second of it.Did not get the season pass and felt that i missed out on nothing in the main game, purchased it a week after its release due to the good press and a peek at some lets plays.If you want a good old school survival horror then look no farther then RE7. Just remeber its designed like a ""old school"" resident evil game so its not going to be gentle, infact it can be down right abusive and uncaring, just like an Resident evil game should be."
76561198008251588,Recommended,418370,29586734,Posted: 30 January,all,Sofik,14/10 IGN
76561198099622851,Recommended,418370,30895389,Posted: 2 April,all,Rexiipoo,"I loved the game, still playing as of now, but hey watch and followhttps://youtu.be/Ij2e2qqtZqM"
76561198132777885,Recommended,418370,29477000,Posted: 24 January,all,IamMasterminD,"This game is awesome, the story line is great, the graphics are next gen!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rz1nsABhctM"
,Recommended,418370,30865927,Posted: 31 March,all,Zachary3D,This game is AMAZING.I just wanted to add another positive review.9.5/10-Buy it or get slapped
76561198321093879,Recommended,418370,29547433,Posted: 28 January,all,akalban,"Resident Evill VII is good reboot to the popular survival horror franchise created by Capcom. The game mechanics are still classic part of the game, but the characters and story are new. Some parts during gameplay plays a nice homage to the first Resident Evil.  Most puzzles are easy to solve, however one have a trick to solve it, but nicely done. One drawback is the design of the foes or monsters seems under developed. I recommend this game to the fans of the franchise as well as new comers. For me it was 8/10"
76561198048442844,Recommended,418370,29562997,Posted: 29 January,all,Phyllyn Henki,"This entry takes the series back to its roots. Even if is it presented in first person point of view it´s still pretty much plays like a classic RE game: Ammo and healing items are scarce, You much manage your inveronty space, interconnected itemboxes, choose between fight or flight and most of your time you search for keys, while running from redneck who is trying to kill you with shovel, axe etc. If you like the classic survival horror games this is definetly worth fullprice!"
76561197970964299,Recommended,418370,29623361,Posted: 1 February,all,Magick Mak,Easily the most terrifying Resident Evil game ever made from my perspective.  It makes the rest look like Disney movies.They did a great job with the transition to FPS while still having the old school RE puzzle solving and scavenging for ammo/weapons.
,Recommended,418370,29623768,Posted: 1 February,all,Deejus_Christ,"Pros:-Spooky, like, really spooky.-Great problem solving if you don't look up walkthroughs-Amazing story, even if you don't follow Resident EvilCons:-Will make you audibly yell/scream10/10 would play in the dark with headphones half off again, squinting."
76561198051632512,Recommended,418370,29623931,Posted: 1 February,all,mancinoman,"Survival horror at it's absolute finest. Resident Evil has made an epic comeback to the survival horror genre with this installment in the series. Even when you are further into the game with upgraded weapons and gear, the enemies will continue to terrify you.Death is not your worst fear, the need for supplies that drives you into the madness of the Baker property is what you should fear the most. It is what nightmares are made of."
,Recommended,418370,29624313,Posted: 1 February,all,Rook,"Man, if I could give a ""meh"" rating I would. Just seems like a complete waste of potential. Really wanted to like the game more than I did.Graphics: The game is beautiful and the Baker family is genuinely grotesque and scary, you just lose the luster from the lack on substance in between. The lighting is crazy good and most scenery is really good. The scenary and lighting being so good, you lose immersion when you see inferior models that stick out are very noticable for the laziness.Characters: The Baker family is very well written and they feel very in depth. Ethan and Mia are not as lovable however and seem just basic helpless girlfriend and zealous hero boyfriend.Setting: Spending a majority in a house, the game will feel naturally claustrophobic, which is part of the initial charm and uneasyness. The graphics and the design of the house really makes you grossed out and uneasy and scared early on. However it becomes really a crutch when you have to fight enemies. Feels a lot bigger and more initially when there are enemies and puzzles and doors to unlock and keys to find, however, backtacking throughout the house is fairly annoying because you slowly realize how small the house is. Plus your character moves slow as hell.Story: Boyfriend trying to save helpless girlfriend charade, with a little infection to keep you on your toes.Lack of content: The whole game can be 100% completed in 10 hours, I'm sure if you trailblaze it, it can be completed in 5.Awkward Combat: Outside of the Baker family, there is only 3 species of ""infected."" The ones that walk, the ones that crawl, and the ones that vomit everywhere (besides bugs). That's it. the combat is really awkward and Ethan moves so ♥♥♥♥ing slow. You cannot kite anything and the combat isn't engaging. You spend around a clip or 2 to kill anything unless you have shotgun shells (which you cannot craft so use sparingly). So ammo feels wasted and you are not maneuvarable enough to reload and rengage in combat, I just found myself running past everything and shutting doors because there is no point, no loot, no rewards. You so frustrated at how predictable and stale the combat is you aren't even scared by anything. Did I mention your character moves slow as hell.Puzzles: Lot of potential, could have replaced combat to be honest. A lot of the puzzles are very interesting and mentally stimulating. Really good parts of the game. I wanted more of the puzzles and less combat.(SPOILERS)Let's just start with a complete pet peeve of mine. Why does Mia all of a sudden make a video to Ethan, 3 years after she goes missing, and the only things shes says is, ""Don't come for me."" I facepalmed irl after that one.The boat part of the game just feel so ♥♥♥♥ing awkward, feels like they finished the house and though that wasn't enough content and threw it on there, feels out of place, I know that some various lore they placed refers to the boat. None of it makes of for the fact that it seems out of place.The story has the stereotypical bad horror movie feel where you feel like a little bit of common sense could remedy some of the issues in the story. Really breaks immersion trying to rationalize the thought process of the protangonist.The final boss is a complete cop out and absolutely lazy ♥♥♥♥ing way to end the game. Blocking Evilenes attacks and pressing F to win, just to have some cinematic scenes where it feels you have control but youre just waiting to use the OP♥♥♥♥♥necrotoxin gun to auto-win. The graphics on the final boss dying are terrible and belong on the N64.Watching the credits just disappoints me even more, realizing how many people it took to make a game that looks beautiful, with well written characters and enemies with personality, just to be brought down by the fact that there are the same 2 enemies over and over again in hallways, a handful of good puzzles and an incoherent story."
76561198045292791,Recommended,418370,29624807,Posted: 1 February,all,MartyLad,"A hard review to write this one.The game itself is fantastic, in fact I have no complaints about the game or gameplay whatsoever. However, certainly has it's share of performance problems. Running at 1440P (6700k,1080) I have found the game using ALL 8GB of VRAM that I have available causing stutters and freezing that are making the latter part of the story difficult to play, I understand this is a VRAM intesive title but to be honest with the confined areas and textures that aren't that fantastic it is pretty poor.Still recommend the game as I believe the majority of people will be playing at 1080p and are unlikely to have a similar problem, but just making anyone with a higher end system aware of this problem!"
76561198264310213,Recommended,418370,29710120,Posted: 4 February,all,t_dog473,"I love this game! I was really scared that they would just turn Resident Evil into a game like Outlast, and Outlast is good but I like resident evil for what it is. That being said it's definitely a Resident Evil game, if you like Resident Evil 1-3 you'll probably love this game as much as I do. I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,418370,33157502,Posted: 2 July,all,Qwertymin,Worth Every Penny buy it! Buy it right now!!!!!!
76561198244625170,Recommended,418370,30263990,Posted: 1 March,all,Tha Gaurdian,Sup this game is ♥♥♥♥ing spooky!! don`t buy it if you´re scared but onestly give it a try.
,Recommended,418370,30262716,Posted: 1 March,all,The Doggomancer,good stuff
76561198040017592,Recommended,418370,29467700,Posted: 24 January,all,✯A.Ü.M✯,Meet jack?!? just run back to safe room.
,Recommended,418370,29623143,Posted: 1 February,all,Quick-Cee,I was looking at the mirror yesterday while shaving my beard and there she was...creeping up behind me!10/10
,Recommended,418370,29607603,Posted: 31 January,all,Kayos,Go tell Aunt Rhody to buy you this.
76561198057200931,Recommended,418370,29754271,Posted: 6 February,all,sanic,hungry? smoke a backwoods. and this game is good.
76561198014697942,Recommended,418370,29754346,Posted: 6 February,all,Mulisha20,this has got to be the best horror game iv ever play very good story surely deserver 5 star and cant wait for the new dlc to come out NICE WORK capcom youve made an awsome game
,Recommended,418370,29469084,Posted: 24 January,all,smartywoot,"Has the real feel associated with the original. I'm a little disappointed at the lack of zombie zombies but I'm not that far into the game. This game is for older RE fans. Not the fans of the ""action packed"" garbage."
,Recommended,418370,29639466,Posted: 1 February,all,BedoTheMighty,"Such a fantastic game, here is my video review of why you should buy ithttps://youtu.be/AI7KTA_xWjo"
76561198044585167,Recommended,418370,29639788,Posted: 1 February,all,GOA.Metziah♥,"Video Review here:https://youtu.be/Uj18ExYu6PwFull written review here:https://www.facebook.com/GuardiansOfAustralia/posts/1899902060229538Overall Resident Evil 7 is the Resident Evil game that many will have wanted and the perfect one for new fans to come into the series. The game takes place far away enough from the rest of series where you can’t be lost or deal with a convoluted plot, but enough references and mysteries to bring it back to the series. The gameplay is superb and is built on the fantastically solid foundation of Remake, mixed in with the flavor and flair of 4 as well as its own unique spins of the Resident Evil gameplay concepts. It isn’t the most perfect game compared to Remake and 4 however, the gameplay can occasionally be a little bit of a drag, enemy balance and their AI can lead to some unfair situations while the graphics have some blemishes and glitches that can really take you out of the immersion. But don’t get it wrong, this is a great game and a highly recommended purchase full price or discounted because of the love and care that’s been put into this game. One last recommendation is that you SHOULD really play this game on Madhouse difficulty without utilizing the postgame unlocks, or play it fresh outright if you can because it highlights all of the strengths of the game (although it does highlight the flaws more too) but whether you’re new or old or even jaded. Resident Evil 7 proves that evil has finally come home.Hi everyone, thanks for reading this egregiously long and rambling review. This isn’t about the game but I’d like to point out that this review is HIGHLY opinionated, however it is completely 100 percent honest and I hope that this review was helpful for you all. So remember if you agree or disagree, this is an opinion piece and I might not have covered something you have encountered or thought of. But its as comprehensive as I could do. I thank you for your time whether it be reading this review, watching the review or even glancing at the TLDR.Guardians of AustraliaMetziah."
,Recommended,418370,33080412,Posted: 1 July,all,josephy_uy,very good game!!!
,Recommended,418370,29613840,Posted: 31 January,all,Josef Dietrich,10/10 dank as ♥♥♥♥ my fellow ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥SO ♥♥♥♥ING SCARYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,418370,29888964,Posted: 12 February,all,Coops,"Has the typical claustraphobic, ammo scavanging, paranoia from the original resident evil's but brings enough to the table to have a fresh and exciting experience. Some classic RE fans may be turned off from the first person perspective. But trust me as a long time RE fan this game was far closer to classic RE than the past 3 main series games. Really makes me excited for future installments in the franchise.If you are even just a little bit intrested in this title, do yourself a favor a pick this one up."
76561197995369485,Recommended,418370,33052449,Posted: 30 June,all,Substance,"A fantastic new direction for the series, part FarCry part thriller. A good focus on exploration, puzzles and action. The first person perspective is unique and controls are solid. The gunplay is really tight. I was a little creeped out initially but once I got the shotgun from grandma's room, I ran wild blowing the slow zombies with head shots. The demo does not do RE7 justice, its muddy presentation is unlike anything like the real game. On easy difficulty, the checkpoints and saving is more generous."
76561198108985585,Recommended,418370,29546033,Posted: 28 January,all,The Great One,Survival Horror is back!  Welcome to the Family Son!
,Recommended,418370,29658775,Posted: 2 February,all,USSR,"""WELCOME TO THE FAMILY"""
76561198025936725,Recommended,418370,29719119,Posted: 5 February,all,Cami,"Photo realistic, beautiful, creepy, dark, quality vs quantity.... I love this game"
,Recommended,418370,29716121,Posted: 5 February,all,Space Bear,"Best resident evil for me since 4, opening hour is especially terrifying!Good game with a lot of good scares which makes you never feel safe, even in the safe rooms :L"
,Recommended,418370,29553334,Posted: 28 January,all,jeff,Making Yourself Jump by Moving Your Mouse and Hearing Your Own Footsteps Simulator 2017™
,Recommended,418370,29713747,Posted: 5 February,all,Tim,This is the 1st game and the only game so far that I actually wanted and did unlock all the achievements.
76561198121482091,Recommended,418370,29714536,Posted: 5 February,all,quickdeath12345,"now i have to be honest here, there arent many good Resident evil games out there recently. so to finally have a resident evil game that heads back to its horror roots with 1 new changed feature and new enviroment feels like a breath of fresh air for the Resident evil series of games. i wont spoil anything about this game i refuse to, you just simply need to play this game with the lights off and the volume up and maybe have a friend near by cause ur gonna S.h.i.t ur pants."
76561198036362451,Recommended,418370,29809824,Posted: 9 February,all,BigSlim90,8 out of 10 would wait for zoe in the trailer on the bed with nothing but her bra on and the birdcage between his legs with the REAL 44 magnum tucked inside... and only charge her 5 Cents... cuz were gentlemen
,Recommended,418370,31594208,Posted: 6 May,all,Paracosm Jackikins,"So, I just finished playing Resident Evil 7's story. And oh boy, was it a rollercoaster. So, I'll break the game down into the parts and give them ratings, and rate the DLC released of now.[SPOILERS AHEAD]----[STORY]----Introduction: Rather boring, but it has the atmosphere (and the same start of a plot as Silent Hill 2) Not really great, but oh well. 6/10Home Sweet Home: The house is quite an interesting place, and stumbling onto the Sewer Gators tape was quite enjoyable. Definately set the scene for what was to come. 10/10Time For Marriage Counseling: Psycho wife tried to kill you for some unknown reason, but ends up taking an axe to the neck and surviving. Not very Resident Evil. Very shocking though. Maybe this is the new formula? 7/10Welcome To The Family Son: Shoot wife after losing hand. Get suckerpunched in the face. Have dinner. Sets scene beautifully. 10/10Snooping Around: You look around for stuff being persued by Jack Baker. Small claustrophobic spaces included. Well done. 9/10Filler Moment #1: Oh my GOD THESE DON'T COUNT AS PUZZLES, EVEN FOR A 5 YEAR OLD! 2/10The Fight With Baker: So. Many. ♥♥♥♥ing. Times. I. Died. Unfair and buggy. His attacks clip through the walls. Not enjoyable and I didn't feel rewarded when I killed him. 3/10Goin' Out For A Walk: So, it's night time and I found this sweet trailer. And found these cages. Pretty cool too. Not really a ""hub"", but it's alright. Only got the steroids though... Oh, and this dumb ♥♥♥♥♥ on the phone 5/10Visting Momma: Huge chunk can be summed in a few words. I ♥♥♥♥ing hate bugs, but this was done almost perfectly. 8/10Lucas' Trials Of Denial: Possibly one of the best parts of the game. Love it to bits. Love Lucas too. Great Character. 9/10Jack's Back: JUST AS ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T AS THE PREVIOUS ♥♥♥♥ING FIGHT! Didn't take me as long though. 3/10The ""Important Choice"": ""Who else was I going to choose?"". ♥♥♥♥ing cheap moment. 2/10The Boat: IT WOULD OF BEEN SO GOOD, IF IT WASN'T JUST JAMMING IN THE STORY AT THE LAST MOMENT WITH A LONG DRAGGED OUT, TEDIOUS, UNINTERESTING SECTION LIKE THIS! 0/10Shrek's Swamp: Not nice looking. Looks like a 12 year old designed it when he got threw into a washing machine and let out, and he tried to spell ""mysoginistic"" with a pile of dirt, while on a little bit of cocaine. 3/10Mines: Didn't expect this. Lucas must've been there. Reminded me to check the boxes... Wait a second... Where the ♥♥♥♥ is Lucas anyway? They didn't just drop him from the story, right? Right?! 7/10Monster House: Somehow ended up in the house again... This seems kinda... rushed... 4/10Time For Your Shots: Bringing it back home... Not my home, but their home. Cool scenes to build up to the finale. 9/10Eveline: YOU'RE TELLING ME THE OLD WOMAN WAS EVIE?! HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥ IT WAS SO OBVIOUS! WHOA! 10/10The Last Boss: Oh great. It's Resident Evil 5 all over again. Atleast it isn't a cutscene... 2/10Finale: That Chris Redfield? Well, he looks different, but atleast he doesn't look like he can suplex an apache attack helicopter or a boulder... 7/10The End: Wait. Thats it? Atleast the rest of the story is FREE DLC. Take notes Mass Effect. 9/10[Story Rating] - 7.2/10----[DLC]----Firstly... The Tapes.NightMare: Huh... Clancy... I guess I'll play as hi- OH MY GOD WAVE MODE?! YAAAAAAA- 8/10Bedroom: Awesome, but finished it my first time. 7/1021: And the winner is... CLANCY!!!! 10/10Origins Crap: Why is this DLC. It explains it atleast. 7/10[Tapes Rating] - 8/10Ethan Must Die: Wow. Never been so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off and entertained at the same time... It's fun. 10/10Jack's 50th Birthday Party: I... I don't even know what they were thinking about... ♥♥♥♥ing fun though. 9/10[Non-Cannon DLC Rating] - 9.5/10----Overall Game Rating----[RATING FOR RE7] - 8.2/10It's a pretty damn good game. Let down by some aspects what could've been avoided, but it's a ♥♥♥♥ing good experience. Would I recommend this game? Yep! Hands down one of the best horror games I've played in 2017."
76561198239821670,Recommended,418370,29851224,Posted: 11 February,all,TattedGRUNT,"I would call my wife when she was gone, and ask what time she would be home so I could turn the game off before then. I was legit scared she would come up behind me and I'd accidentally spinning backfist her in the face.10/10 - would be worried about hitting wife again."
,Recommended,418370,29481479,Posted: 25 January,all,Majestic Burnz,great game must have
76561198072655150,Recommended,418370,29508380,Posted: 26 January,all,LIBIDIB,"My computer sucks so I had to get this game for the PS4 instead. Not the best Resident Evil game in the series, but far better than the last couple of installments (5 and 6). SPOILER ALERT: The creepy old lady in the chair turns out to be Albert Wesker at the end."
,Recommended,418370,29689701,Posted: 4 February,all,(ಥ益ಥ;),"Eat it, it's goooood."
76561198036707564,Recommended,418370,29548525,Posted: 28 January,all,kev579,"So the last resident evil I played was 5 on xbox, I have the rest nut spent no time in them. This one tho OH MY GOD! A far reach from what the others were trying to do, tension in spades, this game should come with a warning ""If you suffer from high blood preasure dont play MADHOUSE""  My heart was pumping so hard during that first chase scene. the game is good to say the least if you are a resident evil fan its a great return to the survival horror scene with replayability out the wazoo the same collectables for easy and normal but in new locations on madhouse and more of them. I love the game!"
,Recommended,418370,29548715,Posted: 28 January,all,Galafure,"As one of the many who wanted Resident Evil to go back to its horror roots. I believe this game hit the nail on the head. So many things have been done right. And unlike alot of other games, nothing felt overdone to tedium. Long story short, this game is a MUST buy for horror fans."
76561198061916269,Recommended,418370,29790070,Posted: 8 February,all,Ayzura,"That's a good game, it has a really good ambience, the scenario is worked and especially characters. Being always on the lookout, that's what we're looking for in horror games.I could explain myself more and more but that's already did by others, just enjoy that game :)"
76561198315247890,Recommended,418370,29585669,Posted: 30 January,all,beerkubpie,มันมากกกกกกก
76561198073811312,Recommended,418370,29659390,Posted: 2 February,all,Von Schrapnel,Undoubtely the best Resident Evil of all the saga !!!
,Recommended,418370,29864588,Posted: 11 February,all,Todd Howard,"This game is a horror masterpiece. Capcom definitely brought this series back to its roots, although adopting a new Point of View (First Person) it works extremely well in this title. You can tell that Capcom really tried hard making this game work - and trust me it works well.9/10 Marguerite is an absolute nightmare that should be forever banished into the pits of hell"
,Recommended,418370,29468692,Posted: 24 January,all,SirFancyLot,:) FIRST BOSS FIGHT AND INTRO SECRETS :https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UN6qQpHgduM
76561198171917385,Recommended,418370,29522297,Posted: 27 January,all,Mittens,its a good game
76561198028120132,Recommended,418370,31882803,Posted: 21 May,all,Stranger,Solid game
76561197997423371,Recommended,418370,29555806,Posted: 28 January,all,TEFLON DON 永遠のトランプ,"This game wins the 2spooky4me award of 2017. I can't play this game for more than 30 minutes due to being so on edge. Even when constantly walking around with my gun drawn, I STILL FEEL CREEPED THE HELL OUT!10/10 2spooky4me."
,Recommended,418370,29521898,Posted: 27 January,all,WackoBlacko,"What. A. Game!Loved every minute of it. At long last, a genuinely scary Resident Evil game. It's been so long since we had one of those. I'm glad Capcom decided to go back to survival horror (and hopefully they will stick to it in the future games)Hands down, the best Resident Evil game since Resident Evil 4."
76561197982600291,Recommended,418370,29457650,Posted: 24 January,all,kilexe,"For those complaining about the FPS, just mess with the graphic settings and you'll get it going, I had the same issue and after messing with the settings I got it going at a steady 55-60FPS.So far feels just like the old resident evil games. On edge all the time, puzzles to discover and figure out. The first hour I would say will likely make you think it's not like the old games, play through till you get to the main portion and you'll see a change of pace."
,Recommended,418370,29493072,Posted: 25 January,all,Boaty McBoatface,hate to think how ♥♥♥♥ed up the devs are. 11/10 would seek mental health specialist again
,Recommended,418370,31238142,Posted: 19 April,all,xxx_tennishoes,groovy
76561198067975289,Recommended,418370,33423424,Posted: 9 July,all,Storm-Commander,hey all im a big resident evil fan so i got resident evil 7 biohazard for £29.99 the game did make me jump at time`s but it need`s more item`s and gun`s in the game. story was super and fun just need`s to be a bit longer i will give it 9/10
,Recommended,418370,34229611,Posted: 13 August,all,Linkgar,11/-1Would beat the game 333333333 more times
76561198048095390,Recommended,418370,34240236,Posted: 14 August,all,drdemonq8,"The long awaited sequel That brings the series back to it's surival horror roots, a MUST Have for You old school diehard RE fansAnd one more thing...Welcome to the family son!"
76561197971928404,Recommended,418370,33946020,Posted: 1 August,all,zimmerkid,"Graphics of pong, best game yet very clear smooth gameplay,  strongly do not recommend definitely getting"
,Recommended,418370,33849909,Posted: 28 July,all,IAMDAPRO,Excellent game!! Graphics and atmosphere are extremely scary. I love horror movies and still jumped out of my chair many times. Puzzles were pretty fun and the story was also very interesting. Overall excellent game.
,Recommended,418370,33822005,Posted: 26 July,all,Nick,"I’ve had this one in the backlog for a while now and only recently got around to playing it. Resident Evil 7 is the 7th main entry to the popular survival horror franchise. After receiving a lot of negative feedback for the past few Resident Evil games, Capcom decided to reinvent the franchise and switched the game’s perspective from the traditional 3rd person action gameplay to a 1st person game with a larger emphasis on horror. But were the changes enough to save this classic franchise?Well… yes and no. Resident evil 7 does bring back the survival horror aspects from the original games along with the tight inventory management and puzzle solving, but the new 1st person perspective brings its own issues, and fans of the past few resident evil games may not appreciate the slower pace.The game’s story starts off with our main protagonist, Ethan driving out to some swamp looking for his girlfriend. It’s not very clear how Ethan managed to figure out the exact location of Mia but whatever. Once you reach the old rundown house, you’ll immediately start encountering cliché scary things like balls rolling across the hallway and little girls appearing down hallways. Within the first hour, you’ll meet the family and the game’s main antagonists throughout the story. There’s Jack, the deranged redneck father who will continuously pop up when you least expect it. Then there’s his wife, Margerine, a crazy insect lady, and then there’s their son who isn’t really a scary character at all, but does make it possible for the developers to throw in a clever “Escape Room” segment later on. The game’s broken up into a few distinct chapters defined by these characters and each character has their own boss encounter. Towards the end of the game, the game’s setting will change drastically and the story will start to piece itself together, but it feels shoehorned in and I can’t help but remember the final half of Metal Gear Solid 2 where you take control of a different character and the story and gameplay starts to get ridiculous.Resident Evil 7’s gameplay is much more focused on puzzle solving and horror. You’re given weapons, but ammo is extremely limited and I never felt like I was prepared for encounters. The weapons themselves all feel incredibly weak and most of the enemies in the game can’t even be killed. Because of this, running and shutting doors behind you is often the best tactic for escaping conflict. The game’s enemies will occasionally roam around the narrow corridors of the house requiring the player to sneak around, but the map design never really lends itself to this type of hide-and-seek gameplay and you often just need to wait for the enemy to walk from one spot to the other before you can move to the next segment. If the enemy spots you, you can awkwardly slow jog down the hall away from them and close the door behind you to slow them down. Once they lose sight of you, they start roaming their same scripted path again. After a few encounters, you’ll start to have a better understanding of how the game’s designed and the horror aspect of the game doesn’t have as strong of an impact as it does in the opening hour. You’ll realize that you just need to bypass the person hunting you, find the key to a door, turn around and go back, then crawl through a small confined space that the enemy can’t follow you into until they inevitably jump out at you in a scripted scene that sets up a boss fight.The game’s boss fights really highlight the weaknesses in the game’s core control scheme. Trying to fight Jack in a tiny arena was incredibly frustrating because of the slow player movement and painfully slow turning speed. The game requires that you make precision shots often and they’re difficult to pull off in such small areas. Couple that with the game’s incredibly slow reloading mechanic and stupid slow sprint speed and it’s easy to see the flaw in the game’s controls.The game also features some basic inventory management, but it felt like more of a hastle than it needed to be. You not only need to manage ammo and weapons, but you also need to make sure you have enough space to pick up important quest items like keys. There were several instances throughout the game where I was stuck backtracking to pickup a key I had placed in storage to make room for ammo. I never felt like this inventory management added to the experience, you could always just carry a large amount of ammo for each weapon and kill all of the enemies in the area, then backtrack to pick up all your keys from the storage container and walk around opening locked doors without any threats.And finally, let’s talk about visuals and performance. Resident Evil 7 runs great completely maxed out with framerates ranging anywhere between 100 to 160 fps at any time. The game’s visuals look phenomenal but I did feel that some of the character’s speaking animations felt off and didn’t look that convincing. Aside from that, textures, lighting, and sound design are all top notch and the best this series has to offer.And that’s all there really is to say about this game. Resident Evil 7 abandons the action oriented design of the past few games and instead borrows elements from the original Resident Evil while also taking elements from modern horror games like Outlast and Alien Isolation. But unfortunetly, it doesn’t seem to be better than any of those titles. The redneck family simply isn’t that scary, even when they jump out at you, and the game’s awkward slow paced controls that try to make you feel vulnerable just don’t feel believable and it makes for more of a frustrating experience than a scary one. The story is decent enough, but I couldn’t help but notice that it borrows a lot of elements from FEAR which came out over a decade ago. Thankfully the graphics and performance are excellent and the overall product feels very polished. The game by itself is a great experience with a few scares here and there, and a decent story (albeit incredibly copy-paste).I recommend picking this one up, but at a good discount. There's better games in this franchise, but this is a step in the right direction for Capcom and hopefully they'll learn from mistakes made in this game for their inevitable Resident Evil 8.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kU63fHZd56E"
,Recommended,418370,29791898,Posted: 8 February,all,Alex_Mekker,999999999999999999999999999999/999999999999999999999999999999. Just buy whis game
,Recommended,418370,29464897,Posted: 24 January,all,DSW 1 9 9 2,"This game is enjoy able, full of jumpscares, and i recommend to buy this! fully optimIzed for PC ! running on DSR 4K with stable 40+ FPS  using GTX 1080, core i7 6700k @4.4 Ghz, and 8 GB RAM @2400mhz. To put it simply this game is about Bioshock met up with Resident Evil :D"
76561198017186309,Recommended,418370,29464923,Posted: 24 January,all,jackass,"wow ...just an hour in and im scared !! this has really ficked  me up ..the tension build up from start to sychotic chainsaw massacre death i experienced when i lost my nerve and paniced ...couldent remeber the controlles quick enough due to brain freeze , i dont know what the rest of the game is like yet ...plus i dont want to play from the fear i feel of eerie horror nightmare again alone !"
,Recommended,418370,29750916,Posted: 6 February,all,Choppywee,"The game was good, however would wait for a sale.Pros:Graphics are pretty goodAtmospheric areasGameplay mechanics are really smoothOptimised or seems to beStory is ok 6/10crafting system its pretty neatinterface is cleandoesnt feel like a shoddy console portNice little lore sheets all throughout the game explaining many things.Cons:Short storyNever really get to go outside the main zone POSSIBLE SPOILER---> (I mean you do, but the levels blur together, and since the game ends where it begins)pricey for the ammount of given content.Not really much replay value, but thats just my initial vibe.some of the boss fights are somewhat unepic for example the last one.Many unaswered questions (for example when mia saved you and you leave, kill the boss etc how did she get away/ find your evac?)I'm sure some of the issues I have had with this game will be fixed via dlc or it may not be but given how it currently is I would give it a 7/10.After letting the game sit and having a chance to think about the story. The ending sucked."
,Recommended,418370,29484855,Posted: 25 January,all,Chuck Jiggles,"Now, I'm a person who loves all the Resident Evil games for what they are (even Gun Survivor), and don't mind what camera angle or combat style the game uses, but what has bothered me in the newer games is the lack of puzzles, difficulty, and even atmosphere. To me, at its core, Resident Evil is a strategic puzzle series where you combat enemies by using your wit and environmental design, not only with the gun in your hand. I was originally very wary for this game (First person? In my Resident Evil?), but the brilliant advertising campaign that slowly revealed familiar game designs won me over. And what a great game this was.It's basically Resident Evil: The Greatest Hits - The Game. It has actual puzzles inspired from 1-3, save rooms, ammo/herb crafting, and zombie + William Birkin/Nemesis equivalents. The layout of the Baker residence shares a lot with Arklay laboratory (mansion, guardhouse, underground research facility) and the combat is pure oldschool Resident Evil from a first person perspective (conserve ammo, recon by sounds, avoid/trick enemies when necessary). The game has an amazing atmosphere, and in a classic Resident Evil fashion it is highly focused on the audio (crickets, monsters, footsteps). As for the horror elements, the game was not outright scary, but rather oppressive (you know that the enemies will be waiting for you, but you still have to go in). I hate cheap jumpscares, and this game thankfully had only 5-6 during my 9 hour walkthrough on normal, and in which I cheated the lengthy ""birthday puzzle"" using a quide. The weakest part of the game is the final quarter, during which the setting suddenly changes a bit and the game goes back to the feeling of playing newer Resident Evils (it's not bad by any means, just tonally different).I would give this game 9/10, just because there is not much to do after beating it (no minigames). I'll be waiting eagerly for the free story DLC this spring and price drop on the season pass.Thanks for bringing the classic Resident Evil back, Capcom."
76561198000094426,Recommended,418370,30239011,Posted: 28 February,all,Cyborgninja,What a game! 10/10!
76561198101996629,Recommended,418370,29507761,Posted: 26 January,all,Squizy,10/10 masterpiece
,Recommended,418370,31109565,Posted: 12 April,all,Navi [Dying Spree],"Perfect mix of horror and adventure elements, just like the original resident evil games. It's not Amnesia scary but it does enough to make you panic once a boss starts marching towards you. I love the atmosphere how it has a disgusting vibe and at the same time a homely feeling because people are living there."
,Recommended,418370,31109269,Posted: 12 April,all,OGBobby12,"This game is amazing for the gameplay. It's bone-chilling and keeps you in the edge of your seat. The game is well optimized and the graphics almost look real. Gameplay 10/10Story- I am not sure how this is a part of the Resident Evil franchise. There are no zombies, none of the main characters are in it. The protaganist is someone i've never heard of in the series. This isn't true Resident Evil, as I have played and own all of the main games.Value- Don't see how this game is 60 bucks. I pre-ordered it and beat the game in under 10 hours total. Sure, there is a harder difficulty and DLC, but I suppose you only pay for half the game nowadays with all this DLC that comes with the game.However, if your a fan of the Resident Evil series, this might unlock a new part in the franchise for all I know. It's a great game, but I was a little dissapointed that the game wasn't as relevant to the series as I thought it would be."
76561198052561910,Recommended,418370,34577782,Posted: 29 August,all,JackTR,Recommended! DLC material is also very worth its price.
76561198311496914,Recommended,418370,34255432,Posted: 15 August,all,Octradox,"This is actually my favourite game. I can't find another game I've been more into.I played it together with my girlfriend, and we loved it and were on edge the entire time.After you leave the swamp however, it goes a little bit downhill... Trying to fit the game into the series... It also gives you a choice in the latter half of the game, that is really non-existant...BUT!! Up until that point it is an incredibly incredible game. I haven't enjoyed a game so much since I was a child.Just a heads up too, the game will make you feel a little bit nauseous when you play for 4 hours at a time so remember to take breaks. But honestly, I would trade my entire steam library for this game."
,Recommended,418370,30477802,Posted: 12 March,all,oddtoxin,This is pretty good cant what to see what comes next for the resident evil games.
,Recommended,418370,29472894,Posted: 24 January,all,Boobie Pillow,I was sceptical buying a survival horror type game just because they all tend to be the same... but this FEELS like a resident evil game. and... I love it.
76561197996123361,Recommended,418370,29636983,Posted: 1 February,all,[ĜĞ]INFAMOUS_FAT_DRUNK_你媽,Hands down the scariest resident evil ever. other then jump scares past instalments were never scary. THIS ONE HOWEVER HAS MY HEART PUMPEN AT ALL TIMES!!! the atmosphere is top notch wish i had VR.
,Not Recommended,418370,29517365,Posted: 27 January,all,Deathicael,"First off my build is an x99FTW mobo running an I7-5820k Hexa Core with 16gb of DDR4 and a GTX970 4gb. So I'm pretty confused as to why this game runs so poorly for me. The textures are about as eye gouging as putting a contact lense in wrong and my frames were constantly tanking even with the new ""game ready"" drivers from NVIDIA.As for the game itself, the plot is pretty transparent and if you've ever played any previous Resident Evil game theres not much suprise to any of the encounters except the occasional jump scare that catches you off guard which jump scares are a cheap thrill and go away quickly. It's honestly lacking in any real sense of suspense. The game is very much a console game from the user interface to the movement which feels like dragging yourself through knee deep water, The audio is pretty lacking as well and didnt really add much to the experience. Everything from the footsteps sounding shallow to the guns sounding anemic. All in all I cant say the game is ""bad"" but I dont give it any more than a 6 out of 10, good attempt but could have been much better."
,Recommended,418370,29463728,Posted: 24 January,all,cage,too good!!
76561198411564052,Recommended,418370,35088806,Posted: 20 September,all,gio_quila,best horor gaming#RE7
76561198046572592,Recommended,418370,29510493,Posted: 26 January,all,xddante,"To be honest I was skeptical about this game at first but after buying it and played it for 4-5 hours I can safely say this game is a 9/10,great graphics and very well optimized(Playing it with a GTX 960 2Gb VRam 1080p medium settings 60 fps,be sure to have at least a 6Gb VRAM card for maximum immersion),atmosphere,good gameplay although I didn't got scared for the most part the tension when running from enemies should keep in you in the edge,if you are a new comer to the franchise probably you will get scared,also expect it to be short but surely you will be satisfied by the end of the game..."
76561198049638242,Recommended,418370,31807254,Posted: 17 May,all,Proxidist,"A game that is more scary, then it is annoying..You don't see many of them."
76561198053653305,Recommended,418370,29580642,Posted: 29 January,all,Mayor McCheese,"The massive departure from formula has delivered us the best RE game of all time. The engine is INCREDIBLE aand this is one of, if not THE most gorgeous game I've ever played. The lighting is beyond the kin of man. The combat and inventory management are satisfying and rewarding, and the game takes you in a multitude of riveting directions and places. I absolutely could not tear myself away from RE7. It is ABSOLUTELY worth full purchase price RIGHT NOW; TODAY."
76561198332260259,Recommended,418370,30073832,Posted: 20 February,all,Hades_02,The Game was the best Resident Evil game I have played compared to the other ones The Game Was Very Scary but it lost the horror once you got farther into the game but other than that great game 9/10
76561198236123944,Recommended,418370,29747140,Posted: 6 February,all,Sail In Storms,"this game is the best of all Resident evil . i think the story was so short :( but so good so i hope Resident evil 8 take more time , and well i am w8ing from now , cuz when i see Resident evil 7 , i know there is a new story , new company , blue umbrella , and where is lucas now and for who works , so well lets go with Resident evil 8 . w8ing :D"
76561198082882480,Recommended,418370,29913569,Posted: 13 February,all,dreadlord.jh,Ok so far the gameplay is awesome. Graphics are nice in 4k and add in adjusting the brightness just right sets the mood with the game. Shocking at some of the thing your character has to endure from the start. CAPCOM my only complaint is the lack of resolution support. No 21:9 or nvidia surround or eyefinity. Much less a year of ps4 exclusive VR. My biggest complaint is my lack of reasearch before buying the game. I got 3- 32 inch monitors set up to try to get complete immersion but to be let down by the lack of support for any multi monitor support. But overall that does not need determine that this is a very good and surprising game. CAPCOM has raised the bar for the resident evil series.
,Recommended,418370,29469128,Posted: 24 January,all,Mr. Grim,Digging it so far. creepy atmosphere is top notch. Love the tie ins to the demo. The first hour is intense to say the least. Feels like im stuck in the texas chainsaw massacre. Glad to see re going back to its roots.
,Recommended,418370,30482641,Posted: 12 March,all,Tummy Grumblins,"This game I thouht would be too scary for me! it took me many weeks to beat it but when i learn the pattern of my enviromnet and hear the scares come from a mile away, i get brave. You shoot but they get back up and yell, This make for tense situation where you don't know if they are down for the count, and they get back up and say funny words. Ethan is very good, and the enemies are very good. I would say this game is good if you are adaptable to your surroundings and start scare but become strong! Sometimes I feel stronger than i am! and the game suprise me back to reality and i turn it off for a few days to catch my breath. I told my friend to get it but he bought the wrong version so make sure to get ""RESIDENT EVIL 7 biohazard / BIOHAZARD 7 resident evil"" as this is the real version do NOT get ""Resident Evil 6 / Biohazard 6"" This is the fake version. Heed my warning.Con (2)-Very scary-Title can be confusing and you may get the wrong version if you are not careful-BloodPro (5)-Run and gun action-Fast cars-Funny man squirm on the floor-I grew my hand back like a lizard in the sun- ""return to form"" -friend on discord say as pro2 to 5... Very fine game! 8/10 for a scare suprise!"
76561198315602931,Recommended,418370,29745051,Posted: 6 February,all,SpaxGaming,Fantastic game.best horror title in so damn long.only thing left now is the DLC and a resident evil 2 and 3 remake
76561198077694005,Recommended,418370,30022984,Posted: 18 February,all,Notorious,10/10
,Recommended,418370,30023953,Posted: 18 February,all,JazzTune,"Game is good, pretty scary, the last third needed better bosses."
,Recommended,418370,30024603,Posted: 18 February,all,Tilly,i like it
76561198067934874,Recommended,418370,30025087,Posted: 18 February,all,3 Inch Pounder,"Resident Evil 7 was a great new approach to the series adding the first person perspective, makeing for a very immersive experience. The Bakers are a truely scary family and make for some interesting enemies. The molded on the other hand was something the game could have done MUCH better. There are only three variations, but each look primarily the same and gets old very quickly.The game turns from a survival horror game to a downright shooter as well for the last third of the game, which wasn't as fun for me but was entertaining nontheless. Atmoshere in this game was top-notch and was absolutely terrifing. The inventory and scaricity of supplies was also a fantastic part of the game that added to the terror, making you feel helpless (until it becomes more of a shooter and ammo is moderately plentiful).Overall this was an awesome game that I will remember for a long time to be a game I actually enjoyed finishing! It was really scary, immersive, innovative, and made for an extremely satisfing game.Graphics - 9/10Atmosphere -10/10Optimization - 8/10Gameplay - 9/10Overall - 9/10"
,Recommended,418370,30025849,Posted: 18 February,all,INFECTiON_,"I'm only a bit into this game and I'm already enjoying it a lot more than the last couple of entries into the series. It feels a bit like playing an old horror movie, and has you on edge just about every second. I'll update this review when I finish the game but already highly recommend it."
76561198204690079,Recommended,418370,30026590,Posted: 18 February,all,Calamity Blaster,As someone who has been a fan of resident evil since 4 this has to best resident evil to come out in years with a full on horror experince with a new turn for the series  for the first person perpective capcom finnally out did them selves with this game
76561198078089367,Recommended,418370,29733568,Posted: 5 February,all,Totz,"nice gameplay, fantastic graphics, awesome story,WE NEED MORE!!"
76561198257177604,Recommended,418370,33020923,Posted: 29 June,all,kevin,lag
,Recommended,418370,29488937,Posted: 25 January,all,「K」owata Makoto,Best gameplay of the series.Nice story. Even the family tell us the truth behind this♥♥♥♥♥♥Cons:Save data error and some force closed things.It's 9/10.13 hours passed and still finding her panties after i got zoe's bra in my first game.
,Recommended,418370,31329531,Posted: 23 April,all,Jabbaski,1 Minute in- This game isn't so scary!5 Minutes in-https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jtKkPhzF2cU
76561198064031263,Recommended,418370,29494772,Posted: 25 January,all,NoobForce,Revolutionary masterpiece since RE4.
,Recommended,418370,29513608,Posted: 26 January,all,Ejbre,Great Game so far!
,Recommended,418370,29493314,Posted: 25 January,all,|B.r.| - Junior,"One of the best resident evil games so far, resident evil 2 is still my favorite but oh boy, this one is insanely good. almost had a heart attack playing it xD.  i like it same way i like resident evil 1, and the difficulty in this game was very good too thanks to capcom since they said will be one of the harder games in the franchise. games should not appeal the casual community not able to beat? don't deserve it.9/10 recommended to any resident evil fan, the only complain that i have about this game is that the enemies specially the ""daddy"" seems to teleport/cheat a bit to catch u up atleast it appears to do it only in some specific spots but i would like it to be more fair."
76561198162466248,Recommended,418370,34637912,Posted: 31 August,all,Jazz Cup,is♥♥♥♥♥♥♥gooooooooood
,Recommended,418370,29471796,Posted: 24 January,all,Torso Is sad,Hello resi my old friend
76561198052138240,Recommended,418370,33032898,Posted: 30 June,all,Total Gameboy,Hello All!This game has blow me away for his stunning graphics and amazing story!The best story in any video game that I play. So scary and entertaining at the same time.For sure one of the most interesting  games I have play in my life.Thumbs up for Capcom and I wish more games like that in the future!Can wait to play it again... Jack Baker is the one of the best criminals in video games!
,Recommended,418370,32319735,Posted: 10 June,all,Cambo,Probably one of the best Survival Horror games in the last ten years.
76561198030787887,Recommended,418370,29460498,Posted: 24 January,all,Cujo,"Great game! Game plays great. Really awesome atmosphere. A well polished game all round. I'm not sure there'll any replay value in it though. It's one of those play once games and get caught up in the atmosphere, but 2nd time around the atmosphere will gone. About 80% of this game is atmosphere. So far it's a great story.I have heard rumours that there's only 12-15 hours of content though. If that's the case then you'll need to weigh 12-15 hours of content in an awesome atmospheric story with the US$60 price tag. It could turn out to be quite steep. I am enjoying the game though."
,Recommended,418370,29493161,Posted: 25 January,all,Soundneko,"Jumpscares a plenty. This is easily one of the best horror games I have played. With that said I beat the game in 8 hours 46 mins on normal and I explored a lot. Its a great game but it is very short imo. There are times when you will be fearing whats coming next because you are so low on ammo and other times when you can just rambo it with hundreds of rounds and explosives. Boss fights range from annoying to very easy, most boss fights do the typical ""prep"" room beforehand, where the game will give you so much ammo that you will just ignore mechanics to fights and bullet sponge them. The only complaint I really have tho is how long the game is."
,Recommended,418370,29543143,Posted: 28 January,all,Allantoid,"This game was fantastic. I've played almost every other Resident Evil game in the series, and this is what I've been waiting for. If you enjoy the original fixed-camera style Resident Evil games, you will love this. This game is a true survival horror game to very end. If I'm being nitpicky there are a few things that could have been better, but it's very easy to overlook minor imperfections. This game will take you on a ride. Buy it."
,Recommended,418370,29456942,Posted: 23 January,all,Das Wülfman ☪,"Well, well, well. Thank you capcom, for releasing a game for the pc on the first day that is well optimised. I never thought you could pull it off. well done. I must take off points for the whole VR sellout but I understand buisness. It just sucks for us PC purebloods. You know its going to work best on vive but just becuase sony can buy you out, inferior PSVR gets it first.Anyway, the gameplay is great. The story has me hooked after an hour. I was actually glad to see the change. for series games like RE to stay alive they need to be able to metamorphisize. Lets be honest with ourselves, we all loved the old Resident Evil but after, what, ten full games using the same formula can't we welcome a new beast. The old way has been done to death. Capcom has been trying to freshen it up but it's only making it worse (I'm looking at you dodge mechanics of RE6). It is time to throw it out and start something fresh. Its time to break free of our thrid person chrysalis and spread our new first person butterfly wings only to be hacked to pieces and then run down by our own car in the garage of a strange house. I know how it sounds. But I firmly believe that this is good.Again, thank you, Capcom. I was happy to learn that you might actually start to see us PC users as paying customers.Now, anyone debating? Are you a creep junkie? Do you feel like you've gone creep numb? Just buy it already, and welcome to the family, son."
76561197976423540,Recommended,418370,29481176,Posted: 25 January,all,Public_Enemy_1,AMAZING GAME LOVED IT
76561198064316457,Recommended,418370,29517856,Posted: 27 January,all,Chrisoo,Fantastic survival horror game! 2nd best out of the resident evil series in my opinion and would recommend this game to anyone who DOES NOT get scared easily!
,Recommended,418370,29481004,Posted: 25 January,all,M1NDFR34K,Nice game. Worth buying it until they fix the bugs in this game. Bugs makes difficult to aim correctly and run.
,Recommended,418370,31009400,Posted: 7 April,all,Sezkn / twitch.tv/JoshBaely,"Good game, too easy and short tho.."
,Recommended,418370,29532655,Posted: 27 January,all,linkthehylian,"This game took me approximately three days to beat.I'm not disappointed, great job, Capcom.Edit: I put WAY too many hours into this game.It's a nice getback to the roots of Resident Evil, though. You'll only need to play it through like maybe four times (including Madhouse) and then get bored of it.As I said above, I loved this game. New characters and definitely a new environment to explore."
76561198052023125,Recommended,418370,29795894,Posted: 8 February,all,Purple_Sun,Get some memory from before.Such a great Resident Evil.
,Recommended,418370,29538383,Posted: 28 January,all,Schiz0id,"Great game. I was expecting GOTY material, and I wasn't disappointed. The engine needs some tweaks though, and I had to disable subsurface whatever to get some sections to run.That aside, took me eight and a half hours to get through and I definately will be playing it again."
,Recommended,418370,29794131,Posted: 8 February,all,beanieboy,pretty damn goodhaven't played the other gamesbut now i want to9/10
,Recommended,418370,29590982,Posted: 30 January,all,OG wanttobe,So I was w8ing for this game from demo version and this game is really awesome!!!Very good playabilityVery good graphicsVery good optimalizationVery good storylineVery good and strong Mia's Daddy XD
76561198156711209,Recommended,418370,29897469,Posted: 13 February,all,Zenith001,Just finished it and.... Wow. intense game. in my opinion resident evil died after 4. before 5 came and ruined everything by making it a michael bay movie you would have to save ammo and get scared sh*tless.c this game remembers that. best game since 4.if you like horror game like alien isolation buy this now. if you like sh*tty standard fps games get umbrela corps
,Recommended,418370,29459841,Posted: 24 January,all,Gay Boi,Very fun and runs very well on my pc.
76561198302651580,Recommended,418370,29936688,Posted: 14 February,all,Hayabusa,Welcome back Resident Evil :)
,Recommended,418370,30097212,Posted: 22 February,all,NVM LA!,hmm ♥♥♥♥♥
76561197996429055,Recommended,418370,30366689,Posted: 6 March,all,Tajes,Hands down purchase if you are a fan of Horror games. Plenty of Jump scares.
,Recommended,418370,30333304,Posted: 5 March,all,hairydonut123,Im currently only 6 hours in and i absoloutly love the game. today i said to myself i would play one hour of this and five hours later i finished my session without realising how long i had been on. 9/10
,Recommended,418370,30043342,Posted: 19 February,all,tguedes,Jogo legal
,Recommended,418370,29472438,Posted: 24 January,all,DESSERTMANIA,Clearly you can stick anything back to you body with staples and super glue.And do you guys know where i can buy some adult diapers?
76561198294469227,Recommended,418370,29472279,Posted: 24 January,all,Sports_Aholic,its spooky
,Recommended,418370,29472627,Posted: 24 January,all,leandrofq,10/10
,Recommended,418370,30302554,Posted: 3 March,all,LunarLazuli,"Eh, it's alright."
76561197984317796,Recommended,418370,29472630,Posted: 24 January,all,Alex,As a fan of Re series i was amused & had a lot's of great moments during my walkthrough. Story & gameplay mechanics is great. Only one thing is shadowing my thougts: why or why there is no 21:9 support ) If you are fan of Resident Evil this one you should try 100%. It has it Resident Evil thing in it i was hungry for from last good Re games like Remake or 0.
,Recommended,418370,29472372,Posted: 24 January,all,Terminal,"I think I have♥♥♥♥♥♥myself at 8 times during the first hour of this game. I dont usually play horror games and I thought I'd give this a try, not disappointed so far but I have heard it is quite a short story."
76561198004615084,Recommended,418370,29553902,Posted: 28 January,all,OoodlesNNoodles,"Pros:- Great atmosphere.- Good story.- All guns are useful.- Great Gameplay.- Like the good old days, except first person.Cons:- Short (got all achievements after 31 hours, which i did around 6 playthroughs)- Some framerate issues.- $80 CADThat's all I can think of for now, but it's a great game and would recommend it when it's on sale."
76561198033432863,Recommended,418370,29554113,Posted: 28 January,all,Ceb,Short and sweet. Just like my first time.
,Recommended,418370,29747377,Posted: 6 February,all,Jon Gaming,"Honestly, I've never really got into Resident Evil games before because I didn't like the 3rd person camera angles but this game is truly incredible.  I appreciate the fact that you don't have to know the first 6 games or whatever to know the storyline, so having a true storyline that is separate from the previous games definitely is appreciated.  Next, the characters were truly amazing Ethan, Mia, Lucas, Momma, Jack, Zoe, and Eveline.  They were all created with depth and substance to add to the storyline.If you like survival games then you will truly love this game.  There is only a limited amount of ammo, chem, and health, so you definitely need to be careful not to overlook items.  Expanding your recourses is definitely prevalent to your survival.  Also knowing when not to engage in combat with enemies is very useful, so that you don't waste all your ammo.Great game!  Doesn't hold your hand and makes you think for yourself.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CWUK4LbZN7E"
76561198032777622,Recommended,418370,31733506,Posted: 13 May,all,Conquistadork,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KgrJ3PClMIw
76561198280202288,Recommended,418370,29507683,Posted: 26 January,all,5fdp0585,"Note: I DID NOT RECIEVE RESIDENT EVIL 7 FOR FREE. i accdently clicked on that little box. I've played Resident Evil 7 now for about 2 and half hours according to Steam and the game is AMAZING and EXTREMELY well optimized. I run a i7 4790k MSI GTX 9704GB with 24GB of vengeance ram and the game runs beautifully. The graphics are absolutely outstanding. The atmosphere is breath taking. And attention to detail is in my opinion mastered. The controls are great. The movement is very smooth. And THANK GOD you dont die fast. Gameplay is excellent. It def takes a while to figure out how to do things if you are not used to a game like this but after a while its not bad. Enemies are scary as f*ck but thankfully arent as fast as you are. So you're able to escape pretty quick. Also checkpoint system isnt bad.BUT BEWARE WHEN YOU START A NEW GAME YOU OVERRIGHT ANY EXISTING FILE YOU HAVE ALREADY PLAYED.The game thankfully lets you take a few hits before you finally die which I love. Oh and the game is EXTREMELY creepy as hell. Excellent job Capcom. And if you are pregnant or get scared too easily or have a bad heart DO NOT I REPEAT DO NOT PLAY THIS GAME. Resident Evil 7 WILL MAKE YOUR HEART POUND AND HANDS SWEATY. if you're not used to a Resident Evil first person action game with several jump scares, then either be prepared or dont play the game or just watch someone else play the game. Capcom is not responsoble for your health. AGAIN EXCELLENT game. Worth EVERY penny. I'm TOTALLY addicted to RE 7"
76561197961774441,Recommended,418370,29558749,Posted: 28 January,all,GordoBoss666,Texas Chainsaw Massacre + Evil Dead + RE 1 and 2 = This awesome piece of game.
76561198019214620,Recommended,418370,29456523,Posted: 23 January,all,Batman Beyond Godlike,Impressive experience
,Recommended,418370,35387627,Posted: 1 October,all,Zaverell,there is a secret message in this game and that message is: if your wife asks you to do something you should do it! If Ethan had just listened to his wife Mia and 'Stayed Away' all of this wouldn't of happened! But because he didn't he got his hand cut off like he was Ash from Evil Dead 2 but the only difference was Ethan didn't get a cool chainsaw hand instead he got a regular hand with the newest IWatch instead!10/10 great research material
,Recommended,418370,29517506,Posted: 27 January,all,Trickster512,One of the most terrifying games I have ever played. If you liked Outlast you will like this gameI have seen a few moments where you can tell this was there first go at a big time first person survival horror but overall they captured the resident evil feeling and made an excellent looking gamehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_WoaO8tSxqI
,Recommended,418370,29474225,Posted: 24 January,all,Pizza,"If you like OG Resident Evil, you will definatley enjoy this."
,Recommended,418370,30038209,Posted: 19 February,all,Nishi,"The first Resident Evil game of Resident Evil seri I play and really impressived. I've watched previous parts on Youtube but I did just turn off watching it after few minutes. One of reasons because I'm not interested in third person games. I think Capcom is going right way. Moreover, the theme song of ""Go tell Aunt Rhody"" is also one of reasons made me purchase it. It obsessed me so much. I really fall in love with Resident Evil 7. It's absolutely one of my favourite horror game."
,Recommended,418370,29464708,Posted: 24 January,all,Just a Dwight,Survival horror is back.
,Not Recommended,418370,30035944,Posted: 19 February,all,ouılǝɔɹɐɯ ♥,"This is a great game, ive fallen asleep playing a few times just because i could not get enough.The true horror in this game though is the price for the amount of content. I bought it knowing it was lacking in content before i purchased because im a huge fan of Resident Evil, if you are not a fan wait for it to be on sale. From the amount of content you get from most games nowadays this is nothing.Besides that this is a good jump forward for the franchise. Just wish they didn't put so much effort in VR and put that effort into delivering additional content."
76561198003030375,Recommended,418370,29841022,Posted: 10 February,all,The_Cpt_FROGGY,"Resident Evil 7:~~~~~~~~~~~~It has been three years since Ethan’s wife was presumed dead, so Ethan was shocked when he received an e-mail from her with a video as an attachment. She looked frail and scared and asked to be picked up in a place called Dudley, Louisiana. He had to go and see for himself if his beloved wife had indeed reappeared. That was his first shock. . . wait to see what’s coming next in Resident Evil 7.Resident Evil 7 is a first person/ survival horror game where you’ll be playing through the eyes of Ethan.After launching the game, you’ll be watching a few fabulous cut-scenes about the story. I especially like the drive along the long road in Louisiana before arriving at a scary, old farm. It is absolutely amazing that from the first step outside your car, you sense a creepy and unhealthy atmosphere.Now that you are in the house, it’s truly terrifying. You can hear strange sounds coming from every direction, in dark rooms as well as lit ones. AHHHHHH, another cut-scene, where you’ll meet the inhabitants of this strange place; something to remember.There are several aspects to this game: discovering the place, figuring out puzzles and, of course, staying alive. As you enter rooms, you will be able to search cabinets and fridges, or spot items such as ammunition, maps of the favourite bed and breakfast (just kidding), weapons and other articles that can be useful in the game. In the early stages, you don’t have much space in your inventory, but you will eventually find additional backpacks which will increase your inventory capacity. Make sure you find the coins; you can use them to unlock some goodies within the game.  The other fun items to spot are the AFL figurines - these little buggers have a shaking head, are very small and can be hard to spot. It took me a while to figure out what the sound was (shaking head). The ammunition is easy to find but in very small quantities, so make sure your shot counts.  You can combine items to create new ones, such as bottles of medicine (you’ll need plenty of those) and ammunition. The game will save as you progress but I strongly recommend that you save it every time you find a room with a tape player (saving spot) – this would be wise.In terms of enemies, well, there’s the friendly bed and breakfast crew, and these strange black monsters which appear here and there. Some are crawling and others standing tall. Make sure you shoot at their smiles. Then there are the bosses fights, which are quite intense.The puzzles are fairly easy to solve, in my opinion. You need some special keys to open a certain number of doors, and that’s pretty much it!Graphically this game is superb; great details, good contrast - faultless, really. The sound is fabulous, too. I did have a couple of performance issues, of crashes here and there and frozen cut-scenes. Using 2X 1080 GTX with their latest drivers - a bit annoying! The other aspect I feel is not realistic is when your character is running; to me it feels weird and looks slow!Positives:~~~~~~~-	Splendid graphics and atmosphere-	Great sound immersion-	Easy to combine and craft new items-	Good story-	Achievement and trading cardsNegatives:~~~~~~~~-	A couple of crashes here and there-	Running is not realistic to meI really enjoyed this game; the atmosphere is fantastic, the graphics are superb and I am happy to have this game in my library.8/10Key provided by developer/publisher for review purposes. Any opinions expressed are entirely my own!EPIC “THE CPT FROGGY” REVIEWS UP NOW ON ZEEPOND, THE HOME OF THE ALMIGHTY FROG!FOLLOW THE CPT FROGGY CURATOR PAGE HERE"
76561198088677159,Recommended,418370,29456407,Posted: 23 January,all,C THREE,I have only played this game for a little while but I felt compelled to say that Resident Evil is back in a major way. I'm a grown man and this game makes me kind of scared to play it!
,Not Recommended,418370,29511525,Posted: 26 January,all,oopa boopa,"First half an hour? GreatLast 10 minutes before the **************** fight? GreatEverything else was trash, puzzles were very simple, no point in having the special keys, as they each open a total of 2 doors before becoming useless garbage to throw in the box. Ammo was far too plentiful, and enemies took far too few bullets to kill. And the ending overall just felt like the RE team opening up to what they actually wanted to make.The family have such little impact on the actual plot too. They're just the first people ******* found, so they were involved. Only Lucas has a real motive, and whilst Jack actually gets some time to explain things later, it was a completely misleading pile of dogshit to make all of the trailers and even the demo based around ""The Family"".They could have turned this into a very good Action/Horror game like F.E.A.R, but instead decided to try to take RE back to its roots, while watering down and filtering out most of what made RE good to begin with. A solid 4/10. Hopefully this free spring DLC can justify the ending and hopefully salvage what they tried to do with this game."
,Recommended,418370,29457251,Posted: 23 January,all,Ranghar,"AMD-937016GB RAMNVIDIA 1070I get a constant 144 frames per second, so I am skeptical about the people claiming to have issues with 980s(unless their HDD is bottlenecking it).  Some games constantly fetch files while you are playing, and if you don't have it on an SSD you will suffer frame loss.  I know the new Assassin Creed does it, and ARK does it for sure.  By watching my performance monitor while running around a bit in Resident Evil 7 it looks like it might as well.I definitely recommend the game if you are a fan of The Texas Chainsaw Massacre.  Have loved every minute of it so far."
,Not Recommended,418370,29639638,Posted: 1 February,all,OSad,"!!SPOILERS!!:I debated on whether to recommend this or not for a long time, but I came to the conclusion that it's not worth the price of admission for RE fans.- Painfully linear with almost nonexistent, braindead ""puzzles"", *especially* past the first area of the game.- Frighteningly easy on Normal, merely adequately challenging on Madhouse.- A small assortment of weapons, most of which are terrible handguns, or terribly overpowered shotguns. None of the weapons are upgradeable in any way.- Repetitive, uninspired, same-faced enemies, and a very small variety of them at that.- No final boss (it's literally a fight with two fat guys, arguably the easiest enemies of the game).- Just like in Revelations 2, Gunpowder mixing is teased, but is again executed as an underdeveloped, streamlined crafting mechanic.- A more restrictive inventory management system is also hinted at, but quickly tossed away as soon as you get a couple of backpack upgrades, which are not even remotely hard to find or just outright sit in the open for you to grab. This is another system that trivializes the game by letting you carry way more healing items and weapons/ammo than your character would ever find possible, cutting down game tension dramatically.- It pushes the VR gimmick really hard. Things frequently ""grab"" the camera or pop right in front of your face. Some of these moments are good, most of them are reminiscent of early access games that rely on pop-scares for shock value. To me, it's clear that development wasn't focused too much on intricate gameplay mechanics, but on atmosphere instead. This would make for a good horror movie or even a game, but it makes for a shallow Resident Evil experience.It's a real shame because when you're exploring the Baker residence, this game recaptures the atmosphere of RE1 perfectly. It's also the most visually proficient RE to date. The plot is easy to follow and the fresh cast means it's a nice entry point for newcomers to the series, with the Bakers being incredibly well-acted, fleshed-out villains. However, as soon as you get past the ""mansion"" sections, the game loses nearly all of its initial personality and the ending area feels incredibly rushed.It doesn't help that Capcom has teased so much DLC for this game already, including a free story expansion. Maybe wait until said expansions are out, as the current experience starts out strong but leaves you with a sour taste by the end."
,Not Recommended,418370,34427851,Posted: 22 August,all,Hipster Jesus,"Better than RE5 and RE6, worse than RE4Pros:Graphics are really good.Atmosphere makes you crap your pants.Bosses are mostly pretty coolCons:Really short (8 hours for me, probably 3 on the second playthrough)Weak story (especially at the end)Few weaponsFewer enemies (literally 6 different non-boss enemies if you don't count ""environmental hazard"" bugs)After finishing the game you are teased with FREE CONTENT that will release ""Spring 2017"". It's summer now.Overall I'd give it a 5/10. Get it during discount if you want to play some Resident Evil. Otherwise just get RE4.EDIT:Since there seems to be some controversy about why this game is short in my opinion, here's some clarification:The biggest time sinks in this game are fighting completely optional enemies and finding items required to advance the story. Especially at harder difficulties you'd be a fool to actually engage combat and waste ammo that you'll certainly need for the next boss encounter when you might as well just run past the enemies. There is no punishment to skipping the vast majority of enemies in the game.The time spent in order to find quest items like cables, fuses and so on drastically decreases on your consecutive playthroughs as you already know their locations.Combining these two realizations actually leaves you with very little game left, as the story in itself is very short. The current record for 100% speed runs of this game is 1h40m with a lot of room to improve still - doing literally everything in the game doesn't even take two hours of you know what you're doing."
,Recommended,418370,29597140,Posted: 30 January,all,Erebus,"A near perfect marriage of classic RE with RE4. Game runs like a dream (just don't crank VRAM dependent settings if you have a 4GB or lower GPU), is immersive, and does ""horror"" right in multiple different ways. Good amount of replayability with the unlocks and difficulties, and mechanically it's just kind of a joy to play and try to do better than your previous run. Unlocks are handled well without bizarre restrictions or 50 different save files being necessary, you can use them on any playthrough once unlocked if you choose to. It's not super long, but it's a good length for a horror game (10~hrs depending on person for first play). I've seen some people complaining about length, but it's in the same ballpark as the rest of the franchise and padding out the length on horror tends to degrade the experience.Probably my fav horror title in recent history."
,Recommended,418370,29467867,Posted: 24 January,all,Lucas (Ms Paint),Be prepared to♥♥♥♥♥♥your pants.
,Not Recommended,418370,29467105,Posted: 24 January,all,Nova,"This game is highly atmospheric and extremely engaging. However in my limited experience the game is not properly optimized for PC at this time. For one, I could not use Keyboard and Mouse controls without DELETING all controllers from my device manager (Others have reported that simply disconnecting the controllers from your computer physically was enough, but it was not for me). The game defaults to controller if one is detected, and you CANNOT manually change the controls.Furthermore, during my entire 70ish minutes playing (cut short so as to get a refund) many of the incredible moments in the game were absolutely ruined by a hard freeze in my visuals while the audio continued playing. This happened CONSISTENTLY throughout my time playing, and actually increased in frequency the longer I played.My computer is far from low-end, running an Intel i7  7490K CPU running at 4.00 GHz, an nVidia GeForce GTX980 GPU, and a more-than-adequate 16GB of RAM. I should not have this kind of issue running this game.For the sake of full disclosure: If this game gets patched in the future to resolve these issues, I will probably purchase this game again. When it wasn't being plagued by poor porting issues, it seemed extremely well executed. Looking forward to that future patch, and perhaps a sale to soften the blow."
76561198025800096,Not Recommended,418370,29534037,Posted: 27 January,all,EndGame,"This game is actually disturbing. My review is not about gameplay or mechanics but more the core substance of the game. I don't find this game ""fun"", it actually made me feel uncomfortable. Maybe that's how they want us to feel? and I'm sure there are many people out there who love that sort of thing but for me it's a bit too much."
,Not Recommended,418370,29493595,Posted: 25 January,all,copy,"This game is too frustrating to be enjoyable.  I hate how you attack/defend in the game - this probably frustrates me the most.  I started with RE on PS1 and have played every major RE since - except 6 (Have it, just never played it) and have enjoyed every game and assumed I would like this one too."
,Recommended,418370,29480603,Posted: 25 January,all,Carabao,Game of the year 2017 Confirmed!
,Recommended,418370,29456475,Posted: 23 January,all,Noct.BYZZ4,BACK TO ORIGIN STYLE
,Not Recommended,418370,29492032,Posted: 25 January,all,skimbro,"Good story.  Very creepy.  Cool plot line.But, the player mecanics are terrible.  Player move way too slowly, especially during difficult battles.  It's unrealistically slow."
,Recommended,418370,29465420,Posted: 24 January,all,ѕopнιe,"I hardly write reviews for games, but Resident Evil 7 is just so damn good that I have to write one.It is excellent. That is all."
76561198046252711,Recommended,418370,29589269,Posted: 30 January,all,The Machismo King Randy Savage,"Resident Evil was really bad until the game gave me guns and lots of things to shoot at, this is the real experience. Alot of people think that resident evil is a survival horror franchise. maybe it.Ultimately this game will not satisfy the urges to kill.But in the end I would say that it was not bad sometimes but sometimes it was a good time for me.The game really stayed true to the original games as it had a monster around every corner and you can never get enough of that scary feeling."
76561198039593016,Recommended,418370,29494140,Posted: 25 January,all,Deltaday,"I got to the gate, saw the scary house thought nah and headed back to the car.10/10"
,Recommended,418370,29455939,Posted: 23 January,all,darthvader2512,made Resident Evil GREAT AGAIN!
,Recommended,418370,29495551,Posted: 25 January,all,Tallcat,"Resident Evil and and Outlast had a baby, and it was good."
,Recommended,418370,30718623,Posted: 24 March,all,REDDIT RICK,"If Lee Sin the Blind Monk, future God Incarnate had sight, he'd give this one a 10/10 Bad♥♥♥♥♥Seal of Approval."
76561198108618777,Recommended,418370,29456320,Posted: 23 January,all,Assassin's™selawe,its bast game 10/10
,Recommended,418370,29456372,Posted: 23 January,all,Space Madness,YUP PRETTY SCURRY
,Recommended,418370,29456126,Posted: 23 January,all,Trippie,"Different approach for an RE game, but it works pretty well. Kudos Capcom!"
,Recommended,418370,29456268,Posted: 23 January,all,PornStache,"Seriously, this game went above and beyond all my expectations. Great optimization with a few bugs here and there but never experienced a crash. People can complain about the shift to first-person prespective but I thought it worked very well. Amazing start to 2017PROS- Amazing Graphics- Great Atmosphere- Focus on survival- Claustrophobic Intense moments- Story was pretty interesting- First-person really works out in this gameCONS- Story kind of shifts- Needs enemy variety- Wish this game was a bit longer- Puzzles were pretty easy9.5/10"
76561198103357622,Recommended,418370,29456195,Posted: 23 January,all,uhhh.ap,quite spooky
76561198126900956,Recommended,418370,29455888,Posted: 23 January,all,tonkiss22,Awesome atmospehere and looks so deathly pretty loving game so far 10/10
,Recommended,418370,29525445,Posted: 27 January,all,Cyggie ❤,An incredible breath of fresh air in a tested franchise.
,Recommended,418370,29461305,Posted: 24 January,all,NVT21,"By yourself, Headphones on, Lights off...This houses Residents are Evil.If you want a genuine scare, play it this way. Incredibly terrifying."
76561198296465732,Recommended,418370,29522468,Posted: 27 January,all,Zoomandflash,I love resident evil franchise
76561198094892990,Not Recommended,418370,29489468,Posted: 25 January,all,KING_DOOM_666,"wait for upadtes, DLC, and it to drop in price."
,Recommended,418370,29650509,Posted: 2 February,all,Coaster Mind,"Is this game scary? - Well, yes. At times it can be a nightmare.Has it an unexpected ending? -Yes, it is also a very well made ending.Is this game long? -It took 11h for me to complete.Should you buy it? -Without to think! It's a great game."
,Recommended,418370,29476044,Posted: 24 January,all,AN DAY OH,This game is pretty spooky.
,Recommended,418370,29576240,Posted: 29 January,all,Samination,"Much like RE4, Resident Evil 7 has evolved the series and redefined the genre. It also corrected the missteps of 5 and 6 by returning to it’s horrifying roots.While it may not look like an RE game from the outside, I can assure you it is. Welcome back!This game is going to be a classic one day."
,Recommended,418370,29464225,Posted: 24 January,all,Vermilion Wlad,"Welcome to the family, son."
76561198169392040,Recommended,418370,29649936,Posted: 2 February,all,V1ct0r,"<3 <3 love it! Great story! 10/10, but it could be more horror xD Its more survival, but still <3"
,Recommended,418370,29659935,Posted: 2 February,all,Faint,Had to return... ran out of clean pants
76561198131375912,Recommended,418370,29474701,Posted: 24 January,all,Open Window Maniac,Great game feels like first person old resident evil
76561198116526505,Recommended,418370,29548808,Posted: 28 January,all,Mahdi,ONE OF THE BEAST GAMES I EVER PLAYED
,Recommended,418370,29488776,Posted: 25 January,all,Billy-Bob,BEST HORROR/ACTION GAME EVER!!!
76561198087464545,Recommended,418370,30493074,Posted: 13 March,all,Shiro,"have to give this thumbs DOWN, i never would guessed that RES would go to same type as Clocktower and Phantasmagoria but in FPS, far from RESpretty disappointment, but good game with wrong name"
,Recommended,418370,29558406,Posted: 28 January,all,BlueBattleHawk,"I'd like to take time to write a full review for this game, but I don't have the time at this moment.It's good.will explain later.thx."
,Recommended,418370,29471969,Posted: 24 January,all,Grey The Hero,"At times It feels like the original RE games (1,2,3) and borrow a few elements from (4,5) but at other times it doesn't feel like Resident Evil at all... Who cares! Its 10 times better than RE6!"
76561198142386657,Recommended,418370,29838403,Posted: 10 February,all,Aki-chan,"As a girl, this is the first time ever where I was called Daddy by a pretty, psychotic lady. Thus, why this is a wonderful game."
76561198260656397,Recommended,418370,30053275,Posted: 20 February,all,kylelam,coolest and scriest game I've ever play! need more time to get used to the surprises in the game..
76561198188747755,Recommended,418370,29829279,Posted: 10 February,all,Yld,best single mode game
76561198037257716,Recommended,418370,29766550,Posted: 7 February,all,Tarzan,"Amazing game, best one iv played in a while runs perfect at 1440p 60fps never missed a  beat whish it was a bit longer though, cant wait for the dlc thats coming out :)"
76561197970285678,Recommended,418370,29480027,Posted: 25 January,all,Duke,Well first of all it is a great Game. does it deserve the Name Resident Evil 7? i dont think soit would have been better as a side story Resident evil like Code Veronica or Revelations because it has little to nothing to do with resident evil 1-6i dont want to talk about what is great on the story or not because every one has a different taste and as a game it is awesome just it isnt a Resident Evil for me.Good things:Athmospherefirst person suits the gameplay wellnice presentationcool ideasgood storyNegative things:it isnt a resident evil.... (my expectation of a resident evil)a strong first half and a not so strong 2nd half of the game (it does not mean its bad but it is not as great as the beginningAll in all i would recommend it
76561198042838564,Recommended,418370,29457788,Posted: 24 January,all,Autism Ardvark,spooky10/10
76561198160409549,Recommended,418370,31457684,Posted: 30 April,all,ThreadBread,As someone who has never played a Resident Evil game before this game AMAZED me. This game scared me even playing the story a second time scared me. In every survival horror game you play as a some guy who doesn't know how to defend himself for♥♥♥♥♥♥ however in this game you're able to fight back but you're not overpowered its perfectly balanced between the player and the bakers.The bakers in this game each have their own separate abilities.Jack Baker has this Jason Voorhees feel to him as even if you were to kill him he would just get back up in a minute.Marguerite is some kinda bug lady who uses hornets and spiders to attack you which you can fight back with fire.And the son Lucas is like a hill billy jigsaw setting up death traps and puzzles for you to solve the can result in life or death depending on how you solve them.Now like I said i've never played a Resident evil game before but I would have to say that I would recommend this game for both resident evil fans and horror fans in general
76561198084247823,Recommended,418370,29504263,Posted: 26 January,all,BlackGhost,"This Resident Evil is by far the best in the series in my opinion. My favorites go in this order now 7 > 1 > 3 > 2 > 4 > 5 > 6. The game is very well done, true to its horror gore roots, its pure survival horror, being a superhero will get you killed in this one. If you think you're gonna go through it like rambo.. you won't make it very far, its ""survival"" above superhero BS. Very well done Capcom, awesome job!!!!"
,Recommended,418370,29456534,Posted: 23 January,all,rossman1516,"Won't display fullscreen correctly @ 1440p, but at least some birds gave me a jump scare. HDR is a nice inclusion. It makes me painfully regret spending all that money a little less.I'll definitely change my review to negative if the unfortunate launch issues aren't corrected quickly. It's a shame that it's to be expected now, even from a game that released a demo. Quite a good demo at that."
76561198016807668,Recommended,418370,29458383,Posted: 24 January,all,Velpecula,RE is back!!!
,Recommended,418370,29536120,Posted: 28 January,all,That One Asian Kid,"I just finished the game. Overall, the game is very good. Resources are scarce and the puzzles are very nicely done.I'd give it a 4/5. I would make this 5/5 if it gave the iron sight options. I hate playing first person when iron sight can't be used."
,Recommended,418370,29536201,Posted: 28 January,all,Ginger Knight,"Finished the game in 6 hours, blasted through it 2 days plus 1 day of rest. And I have seen pretty much everything the game has to offer.This game is what Resident Evil should be, people keep saying that it's going back to its roots, while the original game itself is very campy and a lot of cheese with a sprinkle of bad voice acting.It's a good action-horror game, although the horror sort of ends roughly halfway through the game and you're left with a fight for your life with limited resources and stubborn enemies.I hate jumpscares, because of its cheapness, there are some of those moments, but eventually, you will be able to predict it.The story reveals often and the end of the line you will get that ""OH!"" moment, the same one I felt at the end of Bioshock Infinite, the clues are all there, but I couldn't put all of them together until the end.This game is sublime, I loved it even though I hate horror media.7/9 if you're a fan of the series or if you enjoy horror games, this is for you."
76561198060624467,Recommended,418370,29535686,Posted: 27 January,all,Shia Labeouf,"Best Horror game I've played ALL year!!! But for real Im not a real Resident Evil fan, in fact this is the only RE game I've actually played to the end. The thing this game does really well is this constant tension you feel thoughout the game that never dissipates and leaves you uncomfortable in a very good way. The only problems I had in the game came from the non Baker family enemys that provided an okay secondary antagonist but when they start bunching up they just became a nuisance and i just found myself running past them later in the game. I've got to say besides some minor defaults it's not just a real good horror game but an excellent entry point for any non-fans of the series and I'll be very interested in what they do next with the series."
,Recommended,418370,29640088,Posted: 1 February,all,Oobie Stew,This game is so goodyou will like this game if you areblackgaywhitebisexualstraightmuslimchristianatheistAfricanyou will not like this game if you aremongolianaustraliansouth africanfrench speakingsuper gayor ♥♥♥♥♥.
,Recommended,418370,29514035,Posted: 26 January,all,MDee,Family murder simulator 2017FeelsGoodMan
76561197970366947,Recommended,418370,29536076,Posted: 27 January,all,Preddan,short but epic
,Recommended,418370,29535858,Posted: 27 January,all,ChronoX,"Having played every Resident Evil game since the original on PSX and I would say, in my humble opinion, that this is by the best Resident Evil game. It has the oppresive atmosphere of the first one with modern controls and a first person perspective and on top of that it looks gorgeous. It's eveything that a long time fan of the series has been looking for since the shift to a more ""Michael Bay"" action oriented over the shoulder cover shooter a la Gears of War."
76561198281020490,Recommended,418370,29555022,Posted: 28 January,all,Fwz,"Very Nice - HUNTED ZOMBIE Game .i still believe RE 1,2,3 still the best :)"
76561198279811283,Recommended,418370,29506355,Posted: 26 January,all,ahmed.alfalasi7,good game.
,Recommended,418370,29767812,Posted: 7 February,all,D-SMOCK,i loved it
76561198204220876,Recommended,418370,31960050,Posted: 25 May,all,NADEZHDA93,"lol, good game but i thought this garbage was supposed to be a horror not a comedy"
,Recommended,418370,29551604,Posted: 28 January,all,Twistah,"8h Completion time offlieGreat game, Really does feel like a resident evil game. Whether its me being older but i feel most of the puzzles felt harder in the original trilogy. I would advise any R A P E D fan of the series to pick it up. It has defiently planted the seeds for a amazing ""new"" re series.Only thing it lacks is enemy variety and a rocket laucher"
76561198054913674,Recommended,418370,29461582,Posted: 24 January,all,krishtian,"F*cking too much scary game. One of the best horror I've ever played and one of the best among RE.Graphic could be better, but at least works smooth on i5-6500 and GTX1070.To have better feelings I strongly recommend to play in the evening with headphones."
76561198081223497,Recommended,418370,29461640,Posted: 24 January,all,Raz,"Well, after playing for a bit ill change my mind the game its self is fine! HOWEVER I am not a fan of the first person perspective I feel it makes it easier and annoying in some regards and not more scary and it take away that special feeling resident evil had, I don’t understand why they couldn’t include both 3rd and first person to appease both audiences.  Elements are still resident evil-ish but been first person I don’t really connect with my character at allThat’s my biggest issue with the game(Yes I knew from the Demo it would be first person) Please give players an option to choose Capcom if it was 3rd person I’d be in love with it and it would feel totally classic at the moment I can only give it a mediocre rating a few things in the story which I find BS like who the ♥♥♥♥ is recording these tapes that you find lol"
76561197971512680,Recommended,418370,29552636,Posted: 28 January,all,Mr.Vercetti,Leave me alone Jack. :D
76561197994225456,Recommended,418370,29644111,Posted: 1 February,all,"Tom ""5 Rings"" Brady",gr8
,Recommended,418370,29764664,Posted: 7 February,all,Inflatable Elvis,"Awesome horror game, great new twist on resident evil series"
,Recommended,418370,29876238,Posted: 12 February,all,L4NC3!?,"Fun stuff. Not too long or difficult, but worth the play through"
,Recommended,418370,29783083,Posted: 8 February,all,Saiyajin,Game bagus beli aja udah gapake lama !
,Recommended,418370,29764981,Posted: 7 February,all,Stepan Hakobyan,RE7 feels so good.I've waited for this too long.YEEEES.
76561197974936290,Not Recommended,418370,29549083,Posted: 28 January,all,Raider_manhc,First of all let me start by saying that the graphic is awesome... and thats pretty much what i can think of that is positive.as a Die hard fan since the first on psone in 98 i been playing and collecting every re game that exist seen all movies incl. the animated. And im very dissapointed with this game. i can live with the fact that its FPS ive played that before in re survivor and wii games..  i can also live with the fact that it has absolutely nothing to do with other regames...what bothers me the most is that it does not feel like a resident evil game...more like a hide and seek horror game. most of the time you spend hiding from the people (enemies) cause you cant run past them really... and you cant kill them cause you got no weapons at the time.. so you just HAVE to wait in hiding somewhere to let them pass by and the try to run away without getting noticed... i had such high hopes for this game but i quit after playing 1 hour.. it just got too irritating to play.. if i see an enemy in an re game i wanna be able to just shoot it or stab it to death then move on.. BUT NOO not here...2nd. the game is so out of sync with the voice and the animation that it becomes unbearable... you miss a lot of conversations cause wait they leave but they are talking to me?? like WTF?? not worth the full money... I really hoe that they do better with future REgames..i give it a 4/10 it has potential and great graphics.. but it did not capture me like all other re games has done...
,Recommended,418370,29457647,Posted: 24 January,all,jacquee gugas,NOW YOU GON' GET IT
76561198043402614,Recommended,418370,29650420,Posted: 2 February,all,Ikkle,Amazing game 10/10
76561198126858456,Recommended,418370,29678332,Posted: 3 February,all,PC_Playground,Great gameplay w/ a lot of enemy jump outs and scares. The areas are retracable as usual in the beginning. At this point I would like to see more puzzles and open world gameplay. Imagine this game set up like Fallout or Skyrim.
76561198165417777,Recommended,418370,30750228,Posted: 26 March,all,i have crippling autism,Fun
76561198135533557,Recommended,418370,34723101,Posted: 3 September,all,bob ROSS,always a good time with resident evil 7
,Recommended,418370,29459317,Posted: 24 January,all,✪ J-M ✪,don't play this if you have heart attack !!
76561198326686220,Recommended,418370,29466415,Posted: 24 January,all,PeanutButter<3,"really fun and scary game at the same time, it does feel like a resident evil game, and i havent been this scared from a game since alien isolation but this is scariyer."
,Recommended,418370,29915322,Posted: 13 February,all,Lara Croft,"Perfect graphic quality, Perfect scenarios.. extremely terrifying."
,Recommended,418370,29915621,Posted: 13 February,all,Ass Burgers,♥♥♥♥ing amazing i almost nutted
,Recommended,418370,29532705,Posted: 27 January,all,Xenilla,"Wheres that Free DLC ""Not a Hero"" CAPCOM? Can't you give us any status update please??..."
,Recommended,418370,29730552,Posted: 5 February,all,XeeX,Good
,Recommended,418370,32706947,Posted: 23 June,all,Wigs,"Great game and the PC port is pretty easy because enemy AI is ""balanced"" for consoles. (I played almost the whole game with the knife because mouse and keyboard trivializes combat. PC wins again, baby.)"
76561198360785952,Recommended,418370,31909305,Posted: 22 May,all,mgs146,very fun the best resident evil!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561197998873955,Recommended,418370,34726062,Posted: 3 September,all,krazyivan008,"im loving re7,it looked like an outlast type of survival horror game from the trailers that really didnt have the R.E core but i finally got re7 and got into it and its  awesome and the R.E core is still their best remake of any game i have seen 10/10 great game"
76561198224221608,Recommended,418370,32802144,Posted: 25 June,all,Nriareus,The amount of people saying this RE7 is not like other RE installments really makes me laugh and the fact someone put in a refund request just tops it all off. The developers stated early on that this game will not be like the previous installments and said they were retunring to their horror aspect of the title.
,Recommended,418370,29659665,Posted: 2 February,all,Lord Salty,Refunded it cos I'm a  P U S S Y lmao
76561198026497401,Recommended,418370,29576720,Posted: 29 January,all,porrage,It's a must-buy.
,Recommended,418370,30183039,Posted: 25 February,all,Hotter Than Hentai™,my nub sealed itself after my hand was cut off by my wifeits a nice game
76561198238929510,Recommended,418370,29922045,Posted: 14 February,all,titusfirero,"16gb DDR4, GTX 970, i7-6700k, 1080p 60fps. Game ran like a charm on ultra"
,Recommended,418370,30032625,Posted: 19 February,all,scheiß Internetverbindung.,JUMPSCARE
,Recommended,418370,29896598,Posted: 13 February,all,fatsui,"A well touched Resident Evil game that bring back survival horror and plenty of action to the fans, thank you capcom. It does bring back the excitement and the fear being chased like in RE1 and RE2. Plenty of action that didn't overdone like RE5 or RE6. Overall to old fans and new fans, it is a must have :)"
76561198032577881,Recommended,418370,29928309,Posted: 14 February,all,marksnow909,"Great Game , Diverse ,scary and Dark. Althought a bit short, 10hrs max. RE8 has to be first person too."
76561198015611563,Recommended,418370,29918005,Posted: 14 February,all,Jakob R8 Fugger,The game is fantastic but you need a beefstick of a computer to run it.
,Recommended,418370,29983181,Posted: 17 February,all,WickedRug,its scary
76561198342835219,Recommended,418370,30031194,Posted: 19 February,all,dudelking,Resident Evil 7 has to be one of my favourite RE games ever. 492383278924/10
76561198047940006,Recommended,418370,29963894,Posted: 16 February,all,Mat,Good game but the ship part is drawn out imo
,Recommended,418370,29467571,Posted: 24 January,all,Daxank,"EDIT 2: Ok so now that I finished the game. I recommend it but not for a resident evil game mostly because for me it didn't feel like a Resident Evil game until near the end of the game and as a game (so not as a resident evil) it's just above average.EDIT: Ok so the game actually gets better but it takes a lot of time and during that time you feel like you're doing chores more than playing a game. BUT! It does get better. So I MIGHT recommend it once I really finish it but for now... I still kinda don't recommend it (mostly because of what my original review says and because of poor performances for tons of people (not for me, the game runs perfectly fine even while livestreaming))Manage your inventory during the whole game (and not like, do I take this or this? No, like you go back to a safepoint, store your♥♥♥♥♥♥ go back to the item and take it. And you'll have to do this pretty much every 5 minutes!)Ennemies that don't die and come back a thousand times while you have to do a ♥♥♥♥ing puzzle (and also have pretty limited ammo)You can't rebind your keysNO FUN IS ALLOWED IN THIS GAME!QUOTE: ""Also, that there using a seasons/episodes pricing model. All for a game with System Requirements that states, ""The game is still undergoing development, so all PC requirements are subject to change."" This is an Early Access title for $60"""
,Recommended,418370,29544366,Posted: 28 January,all,Chocobo,"Feels like Resident Evil 1 done in first person. I heard that was the original intentions for the series, so this is pretty cool if you think about the game as the way the first one was intended to be like, and you will see many more simularities as you play."
,Not Recommended,418370,29479662,Posted: 25 January,all,meLTY,Cringeworthy characters and dialogue. Characters offer no depth whatsoever and the plot is terribly cheesy and predictable. The only horrifying thing about this game is how the graphics are the only good thing about the it.
76561198003596091,Not Recommended,418370,29637042,Posted: 1 February,all,xLordofmolotov,"Top marks for the macabre environment and the creepiness factor - that alone almost made me want to keep playing. But, I'm very sorry to all that love this game with all their bleeding heart - having to kill the same enemy multiple times in different, annoying boss battles, is tedious. The game is simply this - hide, solve simple puzzle, kill some minor enemies and then do a boss battle, the same guy again and again. Ok, I haven't finished the game, so it's possible it gets less repetitive, but so far 3 -4 hours in, I'm losing faith. Much preferred Res 4 and 5. Sorry, I know this puts me in the minority."
76561198166339084,Not Recommended,418370,29636931,Posted: 1 February,all,AssWeCan,"Without telling the name, prove this is a Resident Evil.【May contain spoilers】The name Redfield and Umbrella Logo in the very last ending CG? Well, if that makes you happy. I was looking for the mercenaries, documents to tell me more about the story happened bewteen generations, anything related to the T virus, G virus, STARS, Umbrella, raccon city, the Spencer family, even Tricell, and you guys are satisfied with a name and a logo... Come on guys.Plz, list anything in the gameplay related to the previous generation story or timeline."
76561198031492331,Not Recommended,418370,29570842,Posted: 29 January,all,Ascot,"This game doesn't feel like a Resident Evil game.I knew it was going to be first person and I knew it was going to be heavy tones of PT but I just couldn't get past how different it is. I can appreciate a game franchise wanting to break out of their box to re(HA)establish themselves but this one was a big miss for me. But let me be fair and throw up a list of a couple of Pros and Cons.Pro: The game has an excellent tone and atmosphere. You really get a horror vibe from everything that is going on around you. The ambiant noises as well as the lighting are superb.Con: The game substitues the usual war of attrition style from more classic resident evils with a nightmare bullet spunge and set piece fight style. Encounters turn into the puzzles to be solved rather than serving as the action of the game. You fight singular over powered enemies by filling them with aummunition creating the cheap tension of ""can I kill X with my 30 bullets? Or push him to the next scene of this set before he skewers me?!"".Pro: New and interesting characters have been added that I didn't immediately hate!Con: The story is odd and meandering from the parts I did play.Pro: They manage to keep basic staples like herbs to make the game feel like it is connected to the RE world.Con: The connection for the most part felt very shallow since at most times I found myself thinking that this game shouldn't be called resident evil.Pro: This is a solid horro game.Con: It just doesn't feel like resident evil to me.At the risk fo sounding redundant I will say that if you are a fan of the franchise from its roots I feel like this game isn't right for you.If you are just looking for a solid horror game with good atmosphere and mildly infuriating combat you've come to the right place!"
76561198043286653,Not Recommended,418370,29545326,Posted: 28 January,all,FrodoBoguesALOT,How about fighting more than 3 different enemies? Thanks
76561198054080636,Not Recommended,418370,29661096,Posted: 2 February,all,Rabid Elevator Midget,"While the setting is impressive and the game is legit creepy I don't think they did enough with Resident evil 7 to justify it being it's own game.Hear me out, most of the game involves the same mechanic over and over again, that being an invincivble monster chasing you around while you try to accomplish things. It's nice to have a segment like that once or twice, but this happens four different times. Considering the extremely short playthrough time this is pretty unacceptable to recycle the same mechanic over and over again.Even if it wasn't for the fact that the game does that, it's so short it deserves to be DLC NOT A $60 game.IT IS COMPLETEABLE IN UNDER 6 HOURS EASILY. If you really rushed you could get through the main game in 3 hours. That is totally unacceptable for a game that costs $60 to be beatable in less than 10 hours. I've bought games for $20 that lasted me ten times as long.As far as replayability goes, there isn't much here other than madman mode, don't expect merc mode because there isn't one. Don't expect multiple story lines like resident evil 6, because there aren't any. The entire game is about as long as leon's campagin was in 6. It's that short, I'm not kidding. There are only really four bosses compared with the 7 or 8 in the last two RE's. There are only 8 guns and you can't upgrade them compared to the 20 or so in the last few games. There are only four enemy types compared to the 12 or so from the last three entries. It's just very bare bones. The last boss was a joke, so easy it only took me about 7 mins to beat it, I didn't hardly use any of my ammo to do it, and it took me one try. Compare that with the final bosses from 4, 5, or 6 and it was just underwhelming.While the game is fun, and it's a fresh look for the series that really goes back to its survival horror roots, being this short for a full price game is just not acceptable. Watch a let's play before you decide to buy it, if I'd known it was THAT bare bones I'd never have bought it in the first place."
76561198039679458,Not Recommended,418370,29674858,Posted: 3 February,all,Kharnivore2099,"TL;DR - I like the change back to proper horror but Capcom just fumbled here, making it an exercise in boredom and frustration rather than any form of fear or suspense. Not worth anywhere near £40 for what is a convoluted take on Red Barrels' Outlast.*No real spoilers in terms of story, just pointing out bad mechanics that could in turn ""spoil"" the game*I was initially excited to see Capcom try and take RE back to it's horror roots, rather than delve further into the action games  that they have been making for the last 10 years. RE4 was great, but it kicked off a downward spiral for the series' core titles. The problem is that they have made a horrendously convoluted game that has next to no consistency whatsoever; punishing a player for an action one moment and then expecting them to perform that same action to progress.The AI is horrendously dumb and predictable, making fights seem like a laborious task. Some enemies seem to have very random amounts of health too; in one instance i knived one enemy around 40 times in the face with no success, i tried again after reloading and he died in no time at all. In some situations, If you do fail and restart a checkpoint then you will need to endure ""cutscenes"" again, without any way to skip them. Capcom have been guilty of this in the past and still don't seem to have learned their lesson. This wouldn't bother me so much if it were not for seemingly invincible enemies and the game being so flippant about what you can and can't do.Some story points are also explained through VHS recordings, which you oddly play in real-time. This would be fine, but you fail the game if you are caught...yet progressing to the end will result in you being caught anyway. A lazy inconsistency and bad design choice that I just can't ignore.I also experienced some graphical issues in the first area, with the game looking horrendously blurry, and textures looking very messy. I noticed a few people have experienced this beyond the starting area, but the game looked alright once I was indoors. Not an experience I would recommend to anyone, inclusing old school Resident Evil fans...especially at this price."
76561198025191011,Not Recommended,418370,29665397,Posted: 3 February,all,Kinghappy,"This game is definatly scary with brilliantly designed areas and enemies, However, I cannot recomend this games as a Resident Evil Game. It feels far too different to be considered a numbered RE game. it also has issues due to Capcom's corporate greed.-The first person view is what greatly seperates this game from being Resident evil. For the longest time, fans have straight up asked for one thing: a new horror style RE game with the over the shoulder camera from the newer games, Instead Capcom completely disregard what fans want in order to capitalize on the already failing VR market. The first person view also removes one of the most important aspect of resident evil: the main character. All Resident evil games strive to create memorable playable characters. This feels completely absent in this game since you don't even get to see who you are playing as through a mirror.-While I do like the encounters with the Baker family, one issue I have of them is having to figure out if your in an encounter with them where you have to either flee, stun them and run, or fight them. In past Resident evil games, when dealing with nearly indestructible enemies, it was always clear if the situation called for you to either stay away from them and not be seen, or stun them and escape. This game doesnt make it clear, so you'll end up wasting ammo before realizing you have to escape.-The story has missing holes in its plot that leaves far too many unanswered questions by the end of the game, and it seems that these missing story bits are going to be explained in the upcoming DLC. This makes the game feel incomplete, and Capcom is basically telling you that if you want the full story, you need to buy the ""optional"" DLC. They already did this with Dead Rising 4, and now they're doing it again with this game. having DLC thats already in the game was bad enough, but now they're going nuts in getting people to buy the DLC."
76561198264023049,Not Recommended,418370,34899214,Posted: 12 September,all,SoulReaper92,"i dont get why this game is praised through and through. yes it is a bit of a step up from previous titles but this is mediocre at best. ill admit that before i played this game i watched alot of videos on it and i was a lil spoiled but that shouldnt take away from the overall experience. and ill tell you now this game is BORING!! there i said it and i know yall are thinking the same thing this game is good for 1 playthrough thats it! maybe 2 if your curious about the collectables and extra guns. but there are litterally only 3 kinds of enemies that youll see quite often and they're not scary at all and easy to take out. the puzzles were too easy and the overall environment wasnt scary at all! i mean this is everyday redneck♥♥♥♥♥♥youll see unless your a pampered city girl and never seen a dirty basement before lmao. but all in all this game is a huge let down i was seriously excited for this game but after a lil while of playing i got really disappointed. you got seriously scary games to compete with like the outlast games, the evil within, and alien isolation. but this game doesnt even come close to putting up a good fight. just because a game has good graphics, dark hallways and monsters does not mean it is scary. dont get me wrong i love the resident evil series i myself own allllll of them on my steam library and on my ps1 emulator and beat them all with countless hours into them mostly re4. i rank this below re6 maybe even dead aim or chronicles!! its that ♥♥♥♥ing bad. ♥♥♥♥♥♥ run of the mill story, lame lifeless charactors, bad mechanics but not the good kinda bad like in re2 and re3. i really expected more from them. hope the next game does better"
,Not Recommended,418370,33144125,Posted: 2 July,all,You Never Know,"You really feel immersed in the game. Art direction is excellent. But the game is too short, and combat is very easy. Puzzles are intriguing, but there are not many of those. Not worth the buck right now(1600 INR)."
,Not Recommended,418370,29486135,Posted: 25 January,all,Bastion,"I would love to give a thumbs up because it looked so promising.. But I seem to keep crashing every time at the basement scene. As it turns out, this error applies to AMD PHENOM CPU users only. Please fix this ASAP, I genuinely would love to play this game.In short, if your computer is running an AMD PHENOM processor, stay away for the time being, you willl crash before you meet the first enemy."
,Not Recommended,418370,29514782,Posted: 26 January,all,PDC_Emulator,"This game is not worth $60.My playtime at the end was 8 hours 3 minutes.I did not rush through this game. I took my time, died my fair share, got about 2/3 of all collectibles. This game also runs great on my 980ti, averaged at least 100FPS at 1440p. So I spent a lot of time admiring the visuals.8 hours.For a resident evil title, an 8 hour campaign is ♥♥♥♥ing basic. Resident 1, 2, Nemesis, 4, and 5 definitely had longer campaigns, and some titles even had other special modes outside of the campaign (mercenaries).RE7 has no extra content, is a $60 title, and charges for DLC.8 hours.It's a shame, because the 8 hours played were solid and I definitely enjoyed my time with the game. However the fact remains that this title, from the year 2017, has substantially less value than it's predecessors. Dont even think about buying this♥♥♥♥♥♥unless its on sale."
,Not Recommended,418370,29639289,Posted: 1 February,all,Heroin.Bob,"I'm somewhere in the middle of the game on Normal mode and I have to say this game is pretty....meh. (If you haven't yet played this game, the two difficulty settings are Easy and Normal. No Hard mode.) (also, my time playing is wrong. I walked away to run some errands with the pause menu up. I've really only been playing around 2 hours.)At first it's interesting and very atmospheric, but once you start getting through the house the horror element is all but eleminated and replaced with predictable jump scares. As the difficulty starts to increase you realize that the controls are the most frustrating aspect of this game. Reloading slow as hell, knifing at the head and it hitting the chest or nothing at all for no reason, a full 1 - 1.5 seconds between using a weapon and throwing up your block (this kills me more than anything else. Why the hell do his arms have to drop to his sides before he can throw up a block? If this is supposed to be immersive, then this will surely pull you out of it.)This game can be frustrating in all the wrong ways. A game should be frustrating because the strategy takes awhile to master, not because the controls are f***ed. Having it be something that you need to master keeps the game fun and it makes you want to learn how to get through the worlds. This game, however, falls in the category of being frustrating because of bad game mechanics and makes it an absolute chore to get through. This game is not hard at all, but because of it's mechanics, it takes forever to get through (on normal mode) simply because the controls will fail you and you'll die. There really is nothing to master here. Go in the room. Search for items. Go to the next room. Kill something or hide from something. Lather, rinse, repeat.The voice acting is alright, except for Mia, and the dialogue is decent. Not much else to say about that.The story is interesting, to say the least. I haven't reached the end of it yet, but I'm pretty sure I know how it ends. It's starting to seem predictable. I may update this later.Idk, it's all pretty underwhelming. If I paid for it I'd have probably gotten a refund by now, but it was shared with me by a friend, so whatever.Verdict:If you're interested, give it a shot, but play it on Easy mode to experience the story. Normal mode will just make you rip your hair out at the mechanics and make the whole thing feel like a grind."
,Not Recommended,418370,29534074,Posted: 27 January,all,Barrel Smasher,"Buyer beware: Does not support eyefinity as of this writing.Also; game ran beautifully before I could get past under house (water) section (very beginning of game, no spoilers here).  Less than an hour of gameplay; that was because everything was neat and smooth, up until the crash to desktop. Exactly, the same time, every time.I heard rumors of a fix being released for AMD processors in the demo, but not for the main release?? What?? Check into it!"
76561197972271856,Not Recommended,418370,29517335,Posted: 27 January,all,bothered,"This is the first RE game I have played so I don't know the back story or anything, don't actually care. I just wanted a decent, well made game I could spent a fair few hours in. The thing is, I play a little differently to most people I think. I use a gamepad and a mouse. I can't play on a keyboard as my arm cramps up within a minute so, I set my pads D pad to WASD and the left triggers to jump, sprint, whatever. I can set 11 buttons on my G700 mouse and then I can play comfortably as I can move my arm around. I have done this since I built my first PC in the mid 90s. PC has always been so configurable, to me that's the point, that's why I've never had a console. Then somebody at capcom decided we couldn't have these options. You either play on a controller OR keyboard and mouse. If the game pad is plugged in it disables the mouse and keyboard. If somebody had told me this I would not believe them, unfortunately it's true. Why anybody would cripple a game this way I cannot imagine. The Games forum is full of people asking for a fix but as far as I can see capcom have ignored all the pleas. If you want to play this you have to crawl under your desk and unplug the game pad, then you can use KB/Mouse. Stupid or what? Certainly not what I would expect from a £40 top notch game. I am leaving it for the two weeks to see if capcom can be bothered to at least reply to people, no fix and it will be refunded. The game, as far as I can see, is broken. Save you money until they fix it. Very very sad."
76561198044914667,Not Recommended,418370,29661708,Posted: 2 February,all,Gamermax,"I'm not seeing it. I am sorry but I am not. Where is this amazing game everyone keeps telling me is here? I've played lots of horror games, outlast and alien isolation being some of the more enjoyable ones for me. What I liked about those games, was the fact that you were going to die horribly and their was nothing you could do about it. The alien is unkillable, the crazy guys in outlast are the same. It puts this nightmare feeling you get from having a nightmare against someone you can't hurt. It puts the fear of god in you. You hear that alien running around your heart starts pounding! It's a great high. This game gives you a gun and allows you to kill, or at least make go away the, bad people, what ever they are, dones't matter. It ruins it for me. It takes all the danger away from those encounters. I am not scared of them, I just shoot them, or mash a button and eventually they go away. They just become annyoing.The game play it self isn't much better to me. You get caught by this crazy girl, You know what would be cool at that point, would be this whole run and hide deal, or some massive run. And maybe she's appearing and reappearing. Some places to hide, so speacil, hard deal you have to reach, or meet to make her go away. but oh no, you get a gun instead, and you just shoot her and she vanishs. furthermore before you pick up the gun in a story mode, you get a point where it's just a button mash. Oh yay, that is what were doing with top end games, button mashing. what is this the 80's? This is a joke.Scare factor, well for me, not really much. I think the inconstient sound effects in the house made me jump more then the bad people. So here is what they do. They come through a wall, or around the side of a dark room, and, grab you! Oh yes in deed. We have resorted to cheep carnvil tricks, and ghost's going boooo! to scare you. I was sitting their rating the game in my mind, and joking like I was doing a episode of video game sins. I would rather replay outlast or alien then I would sit through another 2 hours of this joke of a game. At least resident evil 1 was fun. This, I don't even know what this is, nor do I care to. I put in for a refund. I am not feeling it with this one, sorry, but I am not."
,Not Recommended,418370,29489364,Posted: 25 January,all,Spar,"Bullet Sponge, The Game."
76561198131758790,Not Recommended,418370,29552135,Posted: 28 January,all,Sumeragi,"This is not fuxxing Resident Evil !! You are fool players, Capcom, go to hell !"
,Not Recommended,418370,29534348,Posted: 27 January,all,wizardhunter,Way too short for a $60 Dollar game :( was fun  for the few hours though
,Recommended,418370,29456267,Posted: 23 January,all,JohnPaulGrim,"Found my wife, killed my wife.Resident Evil."
,Recommended,418370,29905319,Posted: 13 February,all,Randy Lahey,l
,Recommended,418370,29456162,Posted: 23 January,all,Grimes,"so they were like ºل͟º ༽ºل͟º ༽ºل͟º ༽YOU CAME TO THE WRONG NEIGHBORHOOD༼ ºل͟º༼ ºل͟º༼ ºل͟º༼ ºل͟º ༽all the birds around were like ⋛⋋( ՞ਊ ՞)⋌⋚ CAW CAW ⋛⋋( ՞ਊ ՞)⋌⋚then they r all like (ง ͠ ͠° ل͜ °)ง U WANNA FIGHT? (ง ͠ ͠° ل͜ °)งso then i had to be like       ̿ ̿ ̿'̿'\̵\з= ༼ºل͟º ༽anyways, didnt play much yet but♥♥♥♥♥♥myself already"
,Recommended,418370,33224731,Posted: 4 July,all,Fux,"Meanstruation:  When shes actin super cute at a time, then suddenly she cut ur hand off and chase u with a chainsaw.Teaching guys to shoot girls on period with a real gun, 10/10...... and kill her whole family."
,Recommended,418370,34257766,Posted: 15 August,all,Sir Thomas Richmond,Pro tip : wear a diaper while playing this game.
,Recommended,418370,29456873,Posted: 23 January,all,Ryouta,what the♥♥♥♥♥
76561198029170272,Recommended,418370,29458000,Posted: 24 January,all,VeNoM,Great Game.
76561198290945291,Recommended,418370,29459421,Posted: 24 January,all,rc19803,amazing
,Recommended,418370,29458019,Posted: 24 January,all,I Wish I Was in Dixie,"great game, great performance, people who are ♥♥♥♥♥ing about the performance just have really ♥♥♥♥♥♥ computers"
,Recommended,418370,29472518,Posted: 24 January,all,XxWestKillzXx,I love it and I think Capcom did a good job with this game. Revived the horror aspect of Resident Evil. Makes good use of the environment.
,Recommended,418370,33105550,Posted: 1 July,all,Hopl1t3. <3,Best game ever! Worth every $$.
76561198005772688,Recommended,418370,29462864,Posted: 24 January,all,Beast of the East DC United,Scary as hell and the best RE game in 10 years
,Not Recommended,418370,29859264,Posted: 11 February,all,Seren,"I'm gonna be in the minority here, but I really disliked this game. First, the positives.1. Amazing graphics2. Fantastic atmosphereAs for the negatives, this game is scripted up to the teeth. It's not a unique experience. No matter how stealthy you are, at certain points the game decides the enemy will find you, and you're helpless to prevent it. For me, it makes the game feel very cheesy, and fake in a way. It almost feels like the game is godmodding. It's also very over the top in the gore department, and not in a clever or satisfying way, but more in a 'trying way too hard' kind of way.But what really did it in for me is the save system. RE7 has some automatic saves, at predetermined points, and static saves at casette stations. Now, due to the scripting indulgence mentioned before, if you die you have to walk through all the exact same cutscenes and go through all the same steps as before. It becomes boring and monotonous rather than thrilling. It becomes a chore rather than an experience. And that should never be the case in a game like this which lives and dies with its upkeep of atmosphere and immersion.I would only recommend this game if you don't mind extremely linear gameplay."
76561198073383133,Recommended,418370,29535825,Posted: 27 January,all,StomperMSK,history - 3 point/5.gameplay - 4/5.
,Recommended,418370,29826135,Posted: 10 February,all,Youtube-CasanovaGray,"It runs smoothly on EVGA Gforce GTX 950 very well plus the power of 16gb of ramsoo my unformal reviewthis game is very different when you watch it on youtube than playing it by yourself adding a virtual 7.1 headphones that will make your gameplay very scary. its not a joke this game is legit scary, due to the sounds of the environment in the game. also its not your usual resident evil agent leon or chris redfield military experties kinda guy. this game youll start as a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ lookin for his wife then the nightmare begins. anyways this game is worth it 10/10"
76561198189755671,Recommended,418370,29489503,Posted: 25 January,all,kassathrafautz,"Amazing, best Resident Evil game since the the original. I have no idea why people are giving this negative reviews, it is so good. If you are a fan of survival horror get this it is such a well thought out game, i would have liked to see there be more things to interact with though, but no big deal really. I have not gotten all that far into the game so far, the only thing i didnt like was the fact that i could save as much as i wanted and there are checkpoints. The checkpoints and the infinite saving kind of takes away from the consequenes of death, which make it a little less scary. I wish there was a hard mode and not just normal difficulty straight to mad house, which i subsequently didn't get because i bought the game 1 hour to late :(.So lots of people are saying the game crashes, i have not experienced anything like that. I have a crappy AMD 6200 CPU and i dont even get any lag or crashes at ultra settings."
,Recommended,418370,31985092,Posted: 26 May,all,Saulsa,HAVE YOU EVER DREAMED OF A PERFECT SURVIVAL HORROR GAME?DON'T LET DREAMS BE DREAMSOTHER PEOPLE WILL KEEP DREAMING BUT YOU ARE GONNA WORK NOTHING FOR ITJUST DO ITDO ITBUY RESIDENT EVIL 7DO ITMAKE YOUR DREAMS COME TRUE
76561198124777007,Recommended,418370,29530571,Posted: 27 January,all,D3v1lk1ss,What a masterpiece!!!!!!!!!!!! 10/10
76561198167902062,Recommended,418370,30287159,Posted: 2 March,all,Bread God,Very gud g4me i r4te ten ot of ten it iz very sp00py t0 g3t yor pair of d1pers
,Recommended,418370,29983889,Posted: 17 February,all,EZIO18RIP,"One of the Awesome storyLine game from this year ;) Its worth every single peny you paid for this game:)Its smooth,bug free and super relaxing gameplay."
,Recommended,418370,29801600,Posted: 9 February,all,Ho Chi Sock,Gr8
,Recommended,418370,29894367,Posted: 13 February,all,Templar Knight,Amazing game !
,Recommended,418370,29801102,Posted: 9 February,all,DickGor,actually a really fun game !!
76561197966433678,Recommended,418370,29475358,Posted: 24 January,all,[COQ] Frikasee Jones,You just have to play it.
,Recommended,418370,30785254,Posted: 27 March,all,MeatShake,"Amazing game.Only a few issues: enemies never respawn, and resources are too abundant. Fixing either would improve the game immensely."
76561198004066778,Recommended,418370,29588925,Posted: 30 January,all,Blade,Seems great so far i get alot of nostalgic feelings from the first re games yet it feels fresh and has new dynamics no cheese no crap from the last few re games well done capcom!
,Recommended,418370,29594980,Posted: 30 January,all,EggplantBOI,"much poop so frightenawesome game runs at 4k and high settings except texture and shadow at medium, with 50-60 fps and i have older hardware, oced hd7970 and i5 3570k"
,Recommended,418370,33109193,Posted: 1 July,all,CosmicFry,NOPE Simulator 2017
,Recommended,418370,29515636,Posted: 26 January,all,« Hekero »,"8 OF 10- Just a good game, NOT the best game ever.De verdad lo disfruté! n_n"
,Not Recommended,418370,29493687,Posted: 25 January,all,Der Führer,If you want an extremely dumbed down version of Resident Evil but in first person I guess this game is for you.
,Not Recommended,418370,29714606,Posted: 5 February,all,★ パ ★,"this game shines in the first two hours. once you leave the main house and enter the courtyard, the game becomes an incredibly linear fetch quest shooter. acts 2 and 3 are incredibly phoned in, and the plot is barely coherent at best, laughable at worst. in particular, an important antagonist simply disappears after the first act ends, your conflict with him going unresolved. his previous actions are mentioned in act 3 but he simply vanishes into thin air as the 2nd act begins. it seems like a small point to harp on but it really illustrates the larger problem with this game, which is that it starts off pretty good (just long enough for big wig reviewers like polygon and kotaku to stop playing and go write their 2000 words), and then the quality just nosedives into a lake of excrement. the ending is one of the most pathetic finales ive seen and will leave you at a loss for words, in between chuckles of pity and disbelief that you just payed money for this. there also is no final boss and you are instead treated to a series of scripted animations. Capcom."
,Recommended,418370,29457262,Posted: 23 January,all,Alex Jones,gud
76561198111263047,Not Recommended,418370,29516061,Posted: 26 January,all,寂寞真男人,"game time is too short;new protagonist not related to the main storyline;no signs of bioharzard, more like silent hill;graphics not as good as expected;conculsion: wait for the discount, DLCs and patches before you place the order.."
76561198087468727,Not Recommended,418370,29515465,Posted: 26 January,all,Vulkan5020,So does this game ever get good or is it just one ♥♥♥♥♥♥ cutscene jump to another? I feel like I'm playing The Walking Dead right now. The first 13 headshots do nothing to the enemy unti your stupid cutscene kills him with one headshot? This is supposed to be a video game not a choose your own adventure story.
76561198060882424,Not Recommended,418370,29472663,Posted: 24 January,all,hxr_diablo3,This game don't support 21:9 aspect ratio.=[
76561198066799702,Not Recommended,418370,33364784,Posted: 7 July,all,Khytomer,"Yes this is a good game. But a huge disappointment for any RE4 fans who thought this entry on the series would revitalize the franchise.Capcom very succesfully jumped on the Outlast train and is now triumphantly yanking the horn on the engine like a maniac (congratulations). This is however a train to nowhere, a genre that people are getting sicker of by the minute. Crawling through small corridors with flickering lights, trying to hide from quasi invincible enemies, manoeuvering past them using sluggish controls...You get a reasonable amount of weapons in the game and a ton of crafting ingredients...but there is barely any opportunities nor time to use them to an involving degree, they become lesser tools unlike - say - the rifle in RE4 that could be considered a protagonist in the game. Instead of toning down the action, they have stripped it almost completely.And yet, this game shows creative promise from the team, and who's to say that Resident Evil 8 will not yet again try something new.#notMyReboot"
76561198260974077,Not Recommended,418370,29529488,Posted: 27 January,all,kcunninghamuk,"SORT OUT THE HDR OPTION I CANT PLAY FULL SCREEN ON 4K UNLESS HDR IS TURNED OFF, WHICH THEN GIVES YOU A LOVELY WHITE COLOURSORT THIS OUT"
,Not Recommended,418370,29471226,Posted: 24 January,all,Thunder,"Doesn't have widescreen support.Game also won't go fullscreen for me, tried on two different monitors."
,Not Recommended,418370,34497054,Posted: 25 August,all,KC ACCIDENTAL,"Wish I spent my money on some other capcom games, storyline is terrible, gameplay on a pc is very terrible, only great thing about this game is the graphics. Spend your money on other capcom games...like older resident evils."
76561197968571854,Not Recommended,418370,29493167,Posted: 25 January,all,shookfree,no 21:9 support
,Not Recommended,418370,33438398,Posted: 10 July,all,Bramadan,What is the purpose of expanded field of view if it is then restricted again by the tiny♥♥♥♥♥flashlight. This game may be good or bad but it is unplayable if one is prone to motion sickness.
,Not Recommended,418370,29569057,Posted: 29 January,all,GproKaru,"(aparently steam claims I recieved this game for free but I didn't, not sure why it's doing that for this review~)Anyway, I'm mostly indifferent with my overall opinion with this game but if I had to give it a choice for how it is so far, i'd be leaning more towards the negative. It's not because it's a bad game, in fact it's a pretty damn good game, but if a game starts off great but eventually leaves be with a less than satisfied feeling with it, then I can't really say I had a strong positive feeling for it. Right now I believe I'm currently at the final stretch of the game and I've already long crossed the point at the point where I just want the game to end because I feel like it has nothing of quality left to deliver and it's just dragging on and on...I loved the first 1/3 of this game (pretty much up until the fight with Marguerite). There were some interesting puzzle, Interesting and tense environments to explore and very charismatic villains that will have you itching to found out just what the ♥♥♥♥ is going on here.But after all of that fun, it quickly begins to show that all the depth in the games design was shovelled into the first couple hours of the game. If you've played pretty much any resident evil game before, then you already have a good idea on what the last 1-3 hours of the game design is like. The enviroments become very bland and with little to no thought put into the map design to make it interesting or fun to explore.Like I said, I'm still fairly indifferent and your opinions may very well differ. You can either pick it up now or pick it up in a sale or bundle. Either way you'll get something out of this game."
76561198024336686,Not Recommended,418370,29529945,Posted: 27 January,all,Bunta Fujiwara,"Wow...I must say wow...Such a good game, for real..If it only get me past make new save screen..Keyboard and mouse non functional, 10/10 would refund again"
76561198212720373,Not Recommended,418370,29529842,Posted: 27 January,all,edwinfwright,Crashes every time I try to start the game. My computer is not the issue and I'm running the latest version of Windows 10 but every time I start up the game it immediately crashes.
76561197997185434,Not Recommended,418370,29607664,Posted: 31 January,all,stormy===>,"A good game. Movement and play is somewhat like DeadSpace. I had to play it on Easy because Normal was too hard, but then I'm old and slow. It would have been good to have more difficultly levels instead of just Easy and Normal being the only two choices. Sadly, for an $79 game it was just not long enough (no value vs dollars spent) with only 9 - 12 hours of game play. It took me 18 hrs because I was so frustrated and had to restart on easy. In fact the game was so short that I never had much chance to use some of the weapons and items I was lucky to find. In the end I wouldn't recommend the game until it drops in price by at least half, and that is probably still over priced. There is just no real value in the game regarding time and there is a 99% chance I will not replay it."
76561198005625441,Recommended,418370,29465580,Posted: 24 January,all,Aral,"Amazing game, very atmospheric and scary."
76561198060998688,Not Recommended,418370,29473762,Posted: 24 January,all,Sgt. Dude,"Like, I don't even know how to word this. You get stabbed in the chest, the hand, the hand again, the hand cut off, put back on with staples, works again. The magical juice in this game is really something. This game is not at all what I expected when it came to getting the gritty first person survival horror. It's like that really annoying part in Dead Space with the regernerator, where no matter how many times you put him down, the prick just KEEPS getting up? Yeah, this is that. The whole thing is annoying regenerators. To me that isn't fun, it's not scary, it's annoying. You're slow as dirt, the plot to this is ""what? really?"" and the protagonist is a dunce."
76561198128387205,Not Recommended,418370,30894108,Posted: 1 April,all,cookiehead702,I installed the game and loved the 2 hours that I played on it. Next day it would not launch. Uninstalled and reinstalled twice. No tech support for this issue. Lots of people complaining about this game not launching. Waiting for my refund.
76561198079062374,Not Recommended,418370,29492280,Posted: 25 January,all,JoeyRew,"Very demanding, ran fine for the most part, but tended to freeze for several seconds before an encounter or going close to another room. No matter how I tweaked it the same thing always happened. Had to return it and buy the xb1 version since it came with the pc version also anyways"
,Recommended,418370,29547894,Posted: 28 January,all,Kronberg,"This is so far, one of the best singplayer games i've ever played and i'm just started!I will strongly requirement you to play this game if you enjoy a good story, horror and puzzles.I made a gameplay walkthrough of the game and i'm going through the whole game:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z0t4NmUkDn0"
76561198224413360,Recommended,418370,29568145,Posted: 29 January,all,Saturn WE WORSHIP YOU,my first RESIDENT EVIL game.....IM HOOKED
76561198307421722,Recommended,418370,29487688,Posted: 25 January,all,Chris Nekoya,Love this game so much................... <3 <3 <3 <3 <3
,Recommended,418370,29476055,Posted: 24 January,all,(DDG) fessieboo,"I like the game, but the bugs at launch really turn me off from playing it.At the start of the game I was running the game so smoothly @ ultra but my computer crashed and then it just started trucking for some reason. The stuttering is the worse when I turn a coner. Actually very annoying.The second thing that is kinda turning me off about it I try to change my video settings mid game and it freezes forcing me to close to game.Specs:AMD FX 6300 (4.5 GHZ)EVGA GTX 1060 SC 6 GB6 Gigs of 700 mhz Ram"
76561198073621961,Recommended,418370,29481392,Posted: 25 January,all,noob,sabi!
76561198007737823,Not Recommended,418370,33320166,Posted: 6 July,all,FistOfBruce,Game catastrophically crashes during the very first playing part of the game. Submitted a fault reporting to the Resident Evil 7 bug reporting thread on Steam 2 weeks ago. Not even recieved a reply to confirm that issues are being investigated.Extremely dissapointed because friends have personally recommended this game to me.
,Recommended,418370,29530792,Posted: 27 January,all,THICC BUTT,"pros-first ""segment"" of the game is both scary, gory and disturbing-easy to get immersed in (first part)-not just a hide and seek game like outlast or amnesia-good attention to detail in the envoirment and sound-first person which in my opinion makes a game like this much more scary-boss battles are scary and hectic-you character actually plays like a normal human which means you're not very fast or well trained with gunscons:-the crafting-gets less scary and immersive towards mid-late game-puzzles was lacking-didn't really like the enemies that much, after you've fought the first 3 they're not really scary anymore-the story wasn't delieverd very well, they kinda just throw it at you towards the end. Also some parts where pretty obvious-I really don't understand that Jack Baker ""flashback"" we get-for some reason the sound is really low, had all my sound settings turned to max and I still wish it was louder-scavenging for items and ammo in hard to reach places kinda breaks the immersion-too short, it read that the game was 16-20 hours long but I completed it in 7-final boss sucked-also I had so much left over ammo and guns I hadn't used yet because I thought the game would be longerIn conclusion it's a great game but not perfect, I feel like they could have done so much more with this and as someone who really likes the RE series I'm actually a bit disapointed mainly because of how they ""split up"" the game and delieverd the story.If you have $40 to spare go ahead and buy it, it will give you something to do for the weekend and there is also another free campaign comming later"
,Recommended,418370,29461289,Posted: 24 January,all,NutNaRukEX,"ปรับเป็น FPS เปลี่ยนตามยุคตามสมัย ( ทำถูกแล้วววว )กลิ่นอายเดิม ๆ อยู่ครบ นี่แหละ Resident Evil ของจริง !!การ Suvival ที่ไอเท็มและช่องเก็บของจำกัดเนื้อเรื่องชวนพิศวงฉาก บรรยากาศ และรายละเอียดปลีกย่อยคือ ""โครต ใช่""ยังเล่นไม่จบนะ คิดว่าเกมคงไม่ยาวมาก แต่คือบอกได้อย่างเดียวว่า ""มาถูกทางแล้วววว""Welcome to the Family, son."
76561198097743321,Not Recommended,418370,29611066,Posted: 31 January,all,dougernaught,Was totally HYPED to play this game then capcom released it broken so people using AMD chips cant play it. 2/10 would not buy again
76561198099849336,Recommended,418370,29455900,Posted: 23 January,all,Ivanic,Great game!
76561197972445514,Not Recommended,418370,29880103,Posted: 12 February,all,Hellbishop,"A heavily scripted game where it feels more like am watching a badly done b-movie with nice special effects. There is no sense of freedom and choice no matter what i do it all feels like am being forced down a certain very linear path.The omni-present scripting also throws logic out the window where i am unable to do things i should be able to do like in one scene where i am being chased by the evil daddy character and i go into a room to grab a shotgun which is on a statue. Can i pick up and use said shotgun? Nope because some idiotic message comes up saying, ""This is not something you should be doing now"". Yet when the evil daddy character is gone i can pick up the shotgun to my hearts content.Then there is the nonsense of one's character walking at a snail's pace while enemies seem to appear out of nowhere eventhough it is physically impossible for them to have done so as if they magically teleported to the spot. This also goes for them disappearing where one minute they are right on top of me but then i go down the stairs into another room in plain sight of them yet they just disappear instantly once am in the room with the door locked.Its too bad about the turtle slow walking after i heard the game was going to be in first person. Instead of getting the freedom and immersion which comes from such a view instead i felt confined and anything but immersed.I am also getting some horrible mood killing lag that lasts five to ten seconds after playing for twenty to thirty minutes usually when encountering the evil daddy character in hallways. This is on a i7 3770 with 8gb of ram and a Geforce GTX 970 with 4gb of vram. After doing some research on the forums i found out it had something to do with console graphics being set to medium textures where setting to higher on pc makes no real difference. So i lowered the texture settings to medium and the lag is lessened but not by much and is still highly annoying.RESIDENT EVIL 7 BIOHAZARD another disappointment in the series. Guess we will never have the sense of choice of the first game with the additions of a first person view and true freedom of movement instead of feeling like we are being forced down a linear path the size of a rat hole."
76561198006528036,Not Recommended,418370,29553526,Posted: 28 January,all,Nightshade,"Like Resident Evil 4 before it, RE7 looks to rejuvinate the series with a rather dramatic change in gameplay. Moving from 3rd person to first person, the game looks to give an immersive experience close to the feeling of the original four games (1, 2, 3, and C:V). Does it succeed?Well...yes and no.**WARNING: MINOR SPOILERS IN THIS REVIEW**RE7 feels like what The Evil Within was attempting to be. If you take TEW, FEAR, Silent Hill and RE and smash them together, this is pretty much what you get. It shines in certain areas and fails in others.The graphics are great. The landscape is detailed and it really helps immerse you in the game. I never really got tired of being in awe of how the game looked. The atmosphere is perfect and the areas are very reminicent of the original Resident Evil.That being said, performance leaves a lot to be desired. Multiple times the game dropped frame to the point I thought the game crashed. It eventually moved again, but it happened more times than I expected from a AAA developer. It's especially a problem when your trying to deal with enemies. It happened most often in the Main House and Old House areas.Enemy density feels just right. They aren't too numerous to be tedious or overwhelming, but aren't too sparse either. They aren't super tough, but will mess you up if you aren't careful. The guns feel satisfying to use and the crafting does what it needs to without feeling pointless or too complicated.Now, for some of the things I think hold the game back:The length. It's short. My clear time was about 8 hours. That feels far below standard for a 60 dollar game. Not only is it short, I pretty much found all the secrets and collectables on the first play through. There isn't a lot of replay value. Most of the secrets aren't all that impressive anyway.The story. It started out fairly strong, but went off the rails after the 2nd area (The Old House/Greenhouse) and never recovers. It's full of plot holes and unanswered questions (ex. whatever happened to Lucas after he runs off?). The entire ending feels like a rush job. On the whole, I was very disappointed.The main character, Ethan. He's bland and boring with no background. With any luck, we won't be seeing him again (or at least hopefully he gets some development in the future).Thus, we come to how I rate it. The problem is it barely has any ties to the rest of the Resident Evil franchise.If it was called anything else, I would probably rate it 7/10. 8 if I'm feeling generous. As a Resident Evil game, I have to give it a 5/10. 6 at the best. It's too disconnected from the rest of the series. It's still a better game than 5 or 6 was though.Either way, I can't recommend the game for the price of 60. When it goes on sale at $30, yes, definetly grab it. Until then though, save your money. Maybe they will fix some of the performance and story problems in the future."
76561198046660646,Not Recommended,418370,29576441,Posted: 29 January,all,NEONA,"I think i just paid 60 bucks to walk in a straight line for 7 hours....-Its not spooky-its not actiony-its not even pretty to look at-theres about 3 different enemies total not including bosses.This whole game feels empty. Theres almost nothing that gets in your way, and the VERY FEW enemies that actually do appear can be easily walked around. The AI is garbage, and a closed door is enough to stop all enemies. Occasionally, closing a door will even despawn the enemies entirely!I can count ON ONE HAND the number of enemies that i actually killed outside of bosses. Thats how few and how unthreatening these creatures are.If you want to walk in a straight line for 7 hours through dark scenery, this game is for you!If youre in it for the horror, or the action, or the graphics, or the story, then there is nothing here for you. Spend your money somewhere else."
76561197962721376,Not Recommended,418370,29522209,Posted: 27 January,all,Lochmacher,Not at this time.  Runs poorly and is too feature-deficient to recommend.Play RE 4 or 2 again until they extract their heads.
76561198011399842,Not Recommended,418370,29638184,Posted: 1 February,all,coffee stat,tl:dr; Wait for a sale - too short for full price.
,Not Recommended,418370,31649182,Posted: 9 May,all,Dr. Pippa,"Is it a bad game? no. it was well done and i like the more ""survival"" aspect of it. i think it would have been even better without weapons, but maybe that's just me.So, why am i giving it a thumbs down? BECAUSE IT ISN'T WORTH $60! I have no idea why it is so costly other than its name. if you want a survival horror type of game and are not a rich person, there are a ton of other games to try. do not buy this one. wait for it to be on sale because you are NOT missing anything by waiting!And look, i'd really like to give it a thumbs up because i would like this company to continue to make games like this one, but seriously, the price tag.... i just cant justify it."
76561198002071249,Not Recommended,418370,29517430,Posted: 27 January,all,VCR,"How is this worth more than 20$?3-4hrs in and it's the same 3 puzzles and the same 2 enemies (if you don't count harmless bugs as enemies.).My friend and I got spooked once and it was a cheap, scripted, jump scare. I'll maybe continue playing this game, but only because I payed $80CAD.You get to save""like"" in the firsts RE games, except not. Infinite saves, random checkpoints, giving you the illusion that it is needed to be careful.2 difficulties : easy and not so easy. (I don't know if there is a harder, hidden difficulty, but why bother? I don't think I would play this game twice.There are very little pros and a lot of cons; I would not bother discover them for the full price.As of now, at this price, I would give this game a solid 3 out of 10.Bad sound fx, very obnoxious, repetitive puzzles, unappealing, uncharismatic characters, and the list could go on, but it's 4 in the morning and I have classes tomorrow."
,Not Recommended,418370,30425830,Posted: 10 March,all,blacktorch,"First of all: It is a decent horror game, it has its moments of horror. The story is good as well. BUT I really dislike this whole trend of just blunt violence. Since when is violence = horror? And RE7 is full of violence. And I don't mean violence as in killing enemies or seeing your arm getting shopped of. That's fine. But RE7 uses violence aka torture on so many occasions! I don't know, call me soft, but I do not like it. Where are the good times were horror meant actually getting chills from literally nothing but shadows and sounds and not some torture-porn copycat.Edit: ... I know that horror games always used to be violent in some way or another. And I've played a lot of resident evil games (not all though). But there’s a difference between showing absurd abominations, blood and even some levels of gore and showing someone who’s stabbing himself just because he can and to show of how much of a freak he’s. And I criticize this trend as a whole and not just for RE. A good example of horror is being chased by someone not being able to escape in time or visiting the detention room for the 1. time."
76561197988111179,Not Recommended,418370,30962135,Posted: 5 April,all,Top Boss Ultra,Changes the RE formula in a bad way unless you enjoy running from enemies you aren't allowed to defeat or if you think jump scares are better than suspense or good writing (not that this series ever had that).
,Not Recommended,418370,29564843,Posted: 29 January,all,slayerniss,NOT Vive / Rift compatible - I repeat - this game is NOT VR ready because playstation has a one year exclusive.Other than that - The game is awesome.  364 days until it is the best game on VR.
,Not Recommended,418370,30277899,Posted: 2 March,all,Make hats great again,There just wasnt enough base game content for replay value compared to previous res games. i enjoyed the first person view however after trying to play res 4 on mouse and keyboard was a nightmare the graphics are also on point
,Not Recommended,418370,29565847,Posted: 29 January,all,Frostmork,Runs good on my setup and all but... Limit the FOV to 90? Yea that's a really good way to ruin an otherwise very interesting game.
76561198342769111,Not Recommended,418370,30091786,Posted: 21 February,all,Dead_yesteryear,"All things considered, this game is crap. A campaign too short to justify the obligatory $60 price tag; about as much variety throughout as a bag of potato chips; nothing you couldn't have imagined in previous iterations or in earlier eras of gaming; a game that amounts to a story that's been figuratively, and literally at times, phoned in, with some jump scares and weak, quick puzzles lightly sprinkled throughout --  RE7 is the definition of a cash grab. I was hopeful to catch wind today that there were some new additions released, but disheartened to see $10 and $15 price tags, respectively. I'm not even going to investigate these add-ons, seeing as they were finished at the time the core game came out, and CAPCOM chose to offer them to wanting and begrudged players of their recently-released, low-quality jump scare cash in. Just, dont buy this. There are better scary games out there, and far better ways to spend $60 on steam. RE7 is a travesty"
76561197980849048,Not Recommended,418370,29572986,Posted: 29 January,all,Voided,"Awful.  everything is out of sync.  all cutscenes are slow mo and awful.  it's just,  bad.  2 hours in and I can't stand myself or it.  2/10."
76561198042720871,Not Recommended,418370,29573529,Posted: 29 January,all,Cresh,"Game crashes in the start of the game when you go into the house, down the ladder, and through the water wadding across to the door. The game just freezes and shuts off every time i hit that point so i can't even play the game and progress.0/10 most fun i've had buying a 60$ game i can't play."
76561198028006874,Not Recommended,418370,29620371,Posted: 31 January,all,Русский Бандит,TRRASH GAME
76561198203073388,Not Recommended,418370,29537524,Posted: 28 January,all,C-e-r-b-e-r-u-s,"Please fix the bug when on cutscenes ar not sync whit the voice,move and subtitles!"
,Recommended,418370,29470956,Posted: 24 January,all,Stuueyy,T
76561198207761732,Recommended,418370,29465466,Posted: 24 January,all,GaGe,Quite a good game 7/1010/10 on the graphic's
,Recommended,418370,29464163,Posted: 24 January,all,xXSnakExX,Having aaaaa greaaaattttt timeeeeeee
76561198165956672,Not Recommended,418370,31264496,Posted: 20 April,all,PoliticalKey303,Resident Evil 7 sucks♥♥♥♥♥♥mainly because it gets extremely boring as you progress through the game. The begining did give me a little fright but it was still boring. The scares were cliched and boring. I expected it to show quirkiness that all the other RE games had but it didn't. The enemies were repetitive and boring. The boss fights were slow and not fun. The characters were bland and boring.Ethan was boring and had horrible voice work and showed little emotion. When he would get grabbed by someone he'd just stutter and gasp in an unmotivated way. He didn't even react when he killed Mia or if you decide not to give the cure to her.Mia is a peice of♥♥♥♥♥♥The bakers are only there to chase you. And they look funny.Eveline is a huge ♥♥♥♥ing cliche that you can find in any horror film or game. She is also a peice of♥♥♥♥♥♥Chris had steroid rehabilitation therapy.I do not recommend this game at all unless it's on sale for 50-90% off. I have been a diehard fan of the series and this game just let me down. It was a waste of 80$.
,Recommended,418370,29459360,Posted: 24 January,all,✿Ӂ̴█ POKER █Ӂ̴✿,"when i open the door, 100fps >> 1fps, delay 5-10s , wtf ?"
76561198079142626,Not Recommended,418370,29819729,Posted: 10 February,all,mi_0819,Can't even play... after reinstall
76561198053226525,Not Recommended,418370,30319181,Posted: 4 March,all,shadow,"Just cant stand games when you run its basically like your slowly jogging. Also not a fan of escape & evade / hunt for a object to activate an item, which is what the first two parts of the game were. I requested a refund. - Update Even though I went 45 minutes over the 2 hour limit Steam accepted my request for a refund. Thank You Steam."
,Recommended,418370,29472473,Posted: 24 January,all,KL8N187,What Gone Home should have been.
,Not Recommended,418370,29684694,Posted: 3 February,all,Curses&Boons,"Note from the owner of the game: This review was writen by a friend, who was able to play thanks to the library sharing system, however we both agree that the game is... kinda bad.Here you go:This game is really bad. It is HIGHLY overpriced in my opinion, and I will explain why. I just finished the game in 7 hours and a half. For a 60 usd game with no multiplayer that is unacceptable. Here are some things I disliked about the game:-The shooting system is REALLY clunky. I know this is no action shooter, it's survival, I get that. But combat in this game feels really awkward and off, even for a survival horror.-There is a major plot hole that everyone is talking about. (Not knowing what happened to a certain character). I don't know if a DLC will fix this, but is feels like lazy writing.-Some animations are really dumb looking and make no sense. (SPOILER ALERT for the first hour or so of the game)For example, when your hand is cleanly cut off with a chainsaw (you kind of get hit with a chainsaw in a fast motion, cutting in a perfecly horizontal line with surgical precision) and stapled back together later, the hand becoming full functional again and looking perfectly fine. I am not questioning if the game is realistic or not. It just looks and feels really lazily done and animated.-Again, it took me 7 hours and a half (not rushing) to finish a 60 usd ''AAA'' game.The plot and pacing was pretty okay, but I found the middle part of the game to be really boring personally, making the very start of the game and the last 2 hours or so to be the most decent parts of the game (pacing and writing wise).-This is totally personal, but the game was not scary. I tend to get scared pretty easily with these kind of games, but you kind of feel too overpowered for a survival horror after naturally getting some new weapons. The atmosphere was okay, with some creepy details here and there, but no major psychological horror build up. With this I mean, artistically there were some good disgusting/disturbing scenes and designs, but I found the game's music/sounds (horror wise) to be really lacking. There were a few jumpscares that got me good.In the end, I feel this game is pretty bad, personally. I think this game should cost 15 dollars and not 60."
,Not Recommended,418370,29468520,Posted: 24 January,all,Lex Lagger,"No VR support for a year for PC.I played just under and hour, based on that... Good creepy environment, decent but short back story.I felt really disconnected though, so far all it's fed me is ""This is creepy, people die here, and girl might be here and for some reason still alive even though everyone else who shows up dies withing minutes.""If they had supported VR out of the box and not signed off to give it to Sony for a year first I would have kept it just for the VR experience. Had I done a little more research I would have known that but after finding out a little about a game I'm interested in I like to go on media black out so I don't get spoilers. So here I am with the game in my account, awating a refund. If I'm still interested in it a year from now when they unlock VR for PC maybe I'll look at giving it another go."
,Recommended,418370,29516040,Posted: 26 January,all,Elysium,"Resident Evil 7 is that game I was hyped for and it passed my expectations. I absolutely love every aspect of this game. It feels like what Resident Evil 4 should have been. (Don't get me wrong, I still love RE4-6 in their own way.)"
76561197970037938,Not Recommended,418370,31054736,Posted: 9 April,all,V10L8R,"This was listed as a VR game when I purchased it. Turns out, it is a VR game but not until a 1 year exclusivity agreement with Playstation expires. Do not purchase this game for the Vive. Steam refunded me and the VR tag has been removed."
76561198159079262,Not Recommended,418370,30829249,Posted: 30 March,all,DtotheX,"If you don't scare easy, don't waste your time and money on thisNOT SCARY AND PREDICTABLEVR movie, get something else,  because this isn't so much a game as a linear movie. It won't please non fans of this franchise, as a game, it's gotvery poorgameplay as there really is nothing to do other than find items and evade badly voiced over enemiesat a snails pace.  No jumping this is designed for VR, no sprinting this is designed for VR, graphics are like this because it is designed for VR,the graphics are amazing but the gameplay is definitely NOT. Games for me need to have a new dynamic each time, there isso muchthat can be done with control and movement, physics and animation in a game, but not in this one, this only has the graphics, physics and animations but lets you do nothing with them in gameplay, they are merely there to show off the ""experience""."
76561197974473442,Not Recommended,418370,29908460,Posted: 13 February,all,Simply Barbra,"Meh. I wanted to like it. I was hoping that the switch to first person would get rid of the clunky Resident Evil controls, but no, even in first person walking around, aiming your gun, basically interacting with anything is awkward and doesn't feel smooth or natural. The scares come mainly from jumps and your anxiety in how slow the controls are when you're fighting something. Or should I say frustration not anxiety. I've only played 2.5 hours I probably won't last. THe controls... I just can't..."
,Not Recommended,418370,30268452,Posted: 1 March,all,Calamitation,"What a dissapointingly short game, then they release DLC for $10 and $15 a pop for a bit of extra content. Just when I thought Capcom had gone back to developing full, proper Triple-A titles, this is a major disappointment."
,Not Recommended,418370,33262286,Posted: 4 July,all,commoveris,"it's pretty short (finished my first run in about 6 hours), and it wasnt nearly as spooky as i thought it would bethe best part about this game was jack baker's va5/10, get on sale. not worth $60"
76561198023119546,Not Recommended,418370,29577384,Posted: 29 January,all,mobuis111,"The Good6 Legit ScaresNice Outdoor Graphics at any graphical setting1 decent boss fightDangerous Backtracking2-3 good puzzlesSurvival element of horror solid around the half-way point of the gameOptional story material gives player edge in survivalArbitrary and Scary SoundsFirst PersonThe BadVery High Vram Usage. Video Card better be 8 gigs at the minimuim for max settings. At lowest settings my 295x2 worked fine in Borderless Window mode.Graphics don't look good at resolutions lower than 1440P. A 1440P monitor minimuim for this game to look good. Also, game's graphics look terrible without FXAA and TAA on. Especially video tape sections.ShortThe stealth mechanics in 2 sections of the game are completely absurd. You can shine a flashlight at a lurker and it won't respond to you.Lots of textual story telling that you cannot afford to not read, A video game ought to tell its story through video graphics and not through reading.Terribe Final Boss, 3-4 of the bosses aren't that interesting from an aesthetic standpoint. Only the 3rd boss has that distinct Umbrella mutant look. The first two are too humanoid and the final boss is completely ridiculous and a cliche in a million different ways.No end game time limitPlayer has to go through 3 areas twice because of the manner of story telling. Cheap game designLots of bad cliches. Final boss weapon cliche, TCSM cliche, goth little girl cliche, ""don't come here"" cliche, etc.Lack of enemy viarety. No dogs, hunters, regenerators, crocodiles, plant monsters, etc.Lurkers lacking detail of RE2 lurkers and even easier to kill. Seriously?Mechanics of the large vomit monsters are terrible.Bad enemy AI that let's you escape enemies merely by exiting out of the AI's ""zone"".Most tedious Item system of all the RE games..Final two hours of game are too easy. Also, can't really use grenade launcher in final hours. Less fun.Gimmicky and low quality flashlight. Why not just have a key to turn flashlight on? And why no collectable flashlight batteries?Terrible Weapons. Lack of pistol variety, magnum almost completely useless, lack of shotgun variety and pump shotgun is low capacity and aesthetically boring, WORST grenade launcher of all the Resident Evil games, flamethrower is weak and aesthetically boring, stupid ethan breaks chainsaw for no good reason.Last 2 levels are not complex enough. Final level is 100% linear.Poor use of Deputy and Zoe charactersDoesn't lower itself to the level of disgrace as with RE6, but nowhere near as good as the classics.Final Score 3/10"
76561198047207013,Not Recommended,418370,29547401,Posted: 28 January,all,Gatorbait,"Sadly, my opinion is that this is one of the worst Resident Evil games to date. Even the gorgeous graphics fail to offset the dismally boring and predictible gameplay. Don't get me wrong, I was very excited that this game was supposed to be getting back to original Resident Evil gameplay but unfortunalty, it took all the worst aspects of all the series and rolled them into one game and tried to cover up the MANY shortcomings with good graphics and atmosphere. If you feel like you must try RE 7 out, wait until its on sale."
,Not Recommended,418370,29744156,Posted: 6 February,all,imkain,"At this time I cannot play this game passed the basement due to the fact that Capcom has not resolved the SSE2 support, as they already had accomplished within the demo. Until they resolve the issue I will have to thumbs down the game until I am able to completely play the game."
76561198111832846,Not Recommended,418370,29474138,Posted: 24 January,all,rileyc612,"i just requested a refund for the game hopfully i get i have a little over 2 hr  in the game...... this is nothing like the demo!! all you do is sit and hide the only some what fun part is trying to solve the ""puzzles"" (very very minor spoiler happens in firts 10 min) you cant kill the enemy as of the time i played so all you do is hide in a conner he finds you then you run and then hide again the game isnt scary at all (imo) also it stutters pretty bad with a gtx 1070 i would not recommend this game......"
76561197980898196,Not Recommended,418370,34645902,Posted: 31 August,all,Knave,Game is pretty generic and I was definitely expecting more. Glad I picked it up on sale.
,Recommended,418370,30365629,Posted: 6 March,all,R1ch4rd N1x0n,Best Resident Evil game there is.
76561198131734065,Not Recommended,418370,32799493,Posted: 25 June,all,TASS,"the game shouldnt be called resident evil. In fact, you just spend the entire game running and there is only about 4 real enemies. There is no gameplay just running away. This is a poor attempt to copy silent hill. The game has no relevance to resident evil or any of the past games."
76561198065128251,Recommended,418370,29464201,Posted: 24 January,all,kebb (proud UN womens commision),ONLY problem with this great game is that it's a little too short for a 60 dollar gamei liked the gameif you like re4 youll probably like itif you like horror games youll probably like itconsistent 144fps it never drops more than 1 frame
76561197979059239,Not Recommended,418370,29506001,Posted: 26 January,all,MrBojangles,OCULUS RIFT THE 800 dollar paper weight since sony can just buy anyone they wants VR exclusive screw you capcom you showed brand loyalty to the wrong people i wont ever buy one of your products again and i dont plan to play this game until you release on VR so here is a friendly f!@# you and i will see what your VR looks like in a year. Thanks again for being greedy a holes that sell out to your fans you lost at least this one
76561198107803331,Not Recommended,418370,30092104,Posted: 21 February,all,[ATGC] Ootlander,"If you have a 21:9 monitor, STAY AWAY, no support, there is, in my case a 3440x1440 option, but guess what, black bars on the sides.  It's 2017, no excuse for this."
,Not Recommended,418370,29465374,Posted: 24 January,all,Funpire,"This isn't the Resident Evil you have come to love. (very mundane and minor spoilers)Yes, there is a mansion. Yes, there is a disease of some kind (I don't know what). Yes, the maps are all laid out similar to the old games. Yes, there are some re-used sounds. That's about all that resembles Resident Evil.You don't really defend yourself as much as you do run around from the big bad immortal boss the entire time. There are no other real enemies (I am keeping my gameplay under 2 hours, I intend to get a refund, so this may change). Gun play is for all intensive purposes WORSE than RE1 that launched on PS1. I know that survival horror has evolved a long way since the days of Resident Evil, but to this is just blah. No bs, I will have more fun playing RE4, REmake, REanythingelse right now than I will this game.At least I can shoot things that resemble zombies and have a variety and be engaged as opposed to wonder when the next encounter with SuperRedneckA will come crashing through a wall into a WWE choke slam that turns into a ring around the rosey match of snore.I am writing this after I got bored running around from the ""boss"" after 5 minutes of trying to run, turn, shoot, get hit in the face with a shovel... This character of mine should be in utter fear, but not fear enough at this point to not be able to haul♥♥♥♥♥and prepare a defense. I had a gun and a knife ffs.What it has: A creepy atmosphere, good graphics (I can't fathom what other people are whining about here), pretty good voice acting in comparison to all the other RE games (srsly... Not joking here). I mean, seriously the atmosphere is great. Wonderful job with this. It is a creepy game.It would just be more creepy if they put a lot more enemies in the game that I'd actually have to worry about as opposed to the next cheap jump scare.I know RE6 was a total failure, but this isn't going back to ""its roots"" this is something else and I can't say I like it. Worth $29.99 at best imo."
76561198055532074,Not Recommended,418370,29732219,Posted: 5 February,all,Scout11221,"Bought game at launch. Plays fine during the first section of the game before entering the estate. The graphics are nice and plays without minimal hiccups. However, upon enterting the basement, the game crashes. Without fail. Apparently, this is because my CPU (an AMD Phenom II) is unable to render an event that happens in the basement. Now this would be understandable if my CPU didn't meet the minimum requirements, but Capcom patched a similar issue in the demo. It is now 12 days since the game has come out and there is no patch. I cannot recommend giving these guys any money since they apparently have no disregard for serving their customers."
76561198056427781,Not Recommended,418370,29910311,Posted: 13 February,all,Coal48,"A warning about this ""review"", I obsess over certain details of game design, so this will rather be a list or every little thing I dislike about the game, it won't really help someone make a decision whether to buy it or not. There's also somespoilers.Movement:-You can an only run forward, not backwards, left or right. it's more realistic I suppose but I value control over realism, I would have prefered to move at full speed in all directions-You're always going to want to run, holding a button for that should not be necessary,  a option ""always run"" should be available.Aiming:-For a more classic RE feel, I would have rather not be able to attack unless aiming, then have the aiming be regular walk speed (aiming movement speed is slower than walking) and not zoomed in.-Recoil and accuracy mechanics are present and I dislike those, I would have prefered for the camera not to move when you shoot and the crosshair to stay static (when you shoot while aiming, the crosshair becomes inaccurate and you must wait a moment for it to be precise again).-When aiming with the shotgun, the the circle crosshair will induce you in error because your spread as much larger than it.HUD:-You have a ammo counter but not a health one, you're forced to check your watch to know your health and it is not very precise. Adding a health counter would also solve the problem below.-If you are not on full health, you will have blood on your screen, it's very annoying, there's a option for there to be less of it but it's not enough, I really wish I could turn it off completely. Since you stop in place when you check your watch, it's unfortunately kind of necessary (also for the beginning when you don't have that watch yet).Enemies:-Some parts of the game don't allow combat and force you to use stealth.-This is a bit hard to explain, there are parts of the game when fighting bosses go as usual but some others when they always return. In RE3, you'll face Nemesis a few times, each time you can run away or fight him, if you defeat him, he will leave a item as a reward (on normal difficulty) and not return until the next encounter you have with him. In RE7, if you fight Jack in the garage, he will be defeated like you expect but when you fight him in the 2nd floor, he'll stay only temporarily down and always come back, you cannot take your time exploring and you'll burn your ammo. Another time this happens is when you're fighting Marguerite in the Greenhouse (Old house), if you fight her in the 2nd floor, she'll always come back but if you're in the 1st floor (exactly the Greenhouse room) then she'll die.Visuals:-I always seek visuals to be the clearest possible, the only exception is removing shadows, aside from that I try to get rid of effects as much as I can and there are no options to remove fog, ""eye adaptation"" or the VHS low quality (oddly enough, one tape when you play as Mia as no VHS effect)Miscellaneous:-Holding down the attack button doesn't attack continuously (except for the flamethrower and machine gun)-The ""stash"" doesn't stack all items, for example: chemical fluids never stack, medicine stack to 3, handgun ammo to 30, it justs takes space for nothing, all items should stack to up to a 3 digit number-Cannot skip cutscenes (except those at the very end)Conclusion:What really ruined this game for me is the forced stealth segments, the bosses that only stay temporarily down, the blood on the screen (along with not having a health counter). Aside from what I mentioned above, the rest of the game is pretty good, I'm not sure why RE7 is so similar to the 1st one though (I'm not complaining)."
76561198114946776,Recommended,418370,29475994,Posted: 24 January,all,Tunafish Man,- Go to creepy barn to save wife.- Wife throws me through wall and cuts my hand off.- 10/10 would poop my pants again.
,Not Recommended,418370,29681739,Posted: 3 February,all,Monkey King,Im okay.
,Recommended,418370,29509771,Posted: 26 January,all,Purple Funny Joke,Resident Evil 7 is one of the best Tactial shooter this game is for the fact that the look of the game is beatuiful and how the game plays some or more then the time is weapons and how great some of the weapons were in the patches but it is a real fun game of you want to get scared or killing this game is for you but. of you don't like that then leave but i leave you with this get busy killing or get busy dying.
,Not Recommended,418370,29513380,Posted: 26 January,all,Gamma Ray,"Maybe the game's just not for me, but I did not enjoy it. I gave it a chance, and I just wanted to uninstall it in the end.I don't find stereotypical southern horror hillbillies scary. I just don't. Daddy, or Jack, or whatever his name is, the game didn't give me much reason to care, is just annoying to me. The game just throws obstacle after obstacle at you when you try to explore. Some people call this tension. I just call it annoying.Fighting those oil seaweed monster things is annoying. Are you noticing a theme here?The game just annoys me. Mostly, I'm annoyed I spent $60 on this and gave it so much of a chance that I can't get a refund now.""Who built this crap"" indeed. There's nothing about the game that strikes me as Resident Evil. There are no signs of the mainstay characters or concepts. Yes, it tries to recreate the creepy atmosphere of the first game, but every horror story does that. It's not unique to Resident Evil. The game's annoyingly generic.Now I'm going to submit this review so I can put this game behind me and won't have to get annoyed by it anymore."
,Recommended,418370,29464859,Posted: 24 January,all,P4nty.,"Good Game but a bad Resident Evil, ""Hardcore""-Fans could be disappointedAlso 6 hours and 40 mins for the Story is way to short for a RE Game. (And no i didnt rush the expirience i got almost all of the collectables)Dont really know why so many people downvote my review :DIts a fact deal with it."
76561198024378091,Not Recommended,418370,29845829,Posted: 11 February,all,minstrelofmoria,"Not exactly bad, but heavily dependent on its detailed graphics and creepy audiovisual design. Gameplay's a circuitous slog, with monsters fast and aggressive enough that outrunning them is hard, ammo just scarce enough that killing them is hard, and lots of wandering around the same rooms while you try to figure out how to progress. I've seen more complex and engaging gunplay in games from ten years ago! There are puzzles, too, but only one elaborate setpiece can really be described as in-depth--a lot of it's just finding an inventory item and using it with the fixture that's clearly meant for that inventory item. Pick it up for the unnerving atmosphere once it drops below $20, or maybe just watch someone play it on Youtube."
,Not Recommended,418370,30399176,Posted: 8 March,all,Dirt,$60 game with $10 DLC's
76561197970732443,Not Recommended,418370,29853175,Posted: 11 February,all,Nuru,"Good graphics but takes a while to get set them up correctly. Default settings are ok, but most of the AA settings are just a blurry mess on  a nvidia 1060.The main character yells F*** when you're supposed to be freaked out.... why do this?? Should have left that to me playing the game!Silly chainsaw scenes that spoil the game.More of a gore fest that horror fest. I tried to let the game become haunting but it is sadly not. Seems more like RE5 than a return to RE1 or RE0.  Real shame."
76561198245940774,Not Recommended,418370,30124923,Posted: 23 February,all,deansbeans,"Fun 1st time through, quit 2nd time through.  Fun, but not worth replay value."
76561198079885922,Not Recommended,418370,33091710,Posted: 1 July,all,Friend,"First time I play resident evil series is RESIDENT EVIL 7.Its OK, and then i try play and buy resident evil 4,5,6 bundle.And i realize this game are garbage. Pardon me.1. It is so dark, I cant see anything. You should use google for searching items.2. Short story.3. Resident Evil 4,5,6 greater than 7.4. Where Lucas and Zoe, are they all dead?5. You will dont want to play again after finished the game. Boring.6. Free content ""Not A Hero"" release at spring 2017. And where is it? This is summer.Not recommended and not worth for your money.Sorry but its all true."
76561198318525363,Not Recommended,418370,30888063,Posted: 1 April,all,kpick420,"dont buy nothing like conventional RE games no random mob encounters you spend most of your time just running away (with no option to fight) ite pretty much just a wandering simulator, you look for clues items and then run run run run run then boss fight then run run run run bossfight defintely worst of all residient Evil games ive played defintely not worth 60$ save your money buy something else,"
76561198015835074,Not Recommended,418370,29842923,Posted: 11 February,all,Stens,too short and simple
,Not Recommended,418370,29731574,Posted: 5 February,all,Alfi,It's a very good game..but it's not that exciting i think. I just had the feeling that the developers created that story in less than 1 day.....You can't really put oneself in the position of your charactar.
76561198043643350,Not Recommended,418370,29974558,Posted: 16 February,all,Nick,Don't pay 60 bucks.
,Not Recommended,418370,34425408,Posted: 22 August,all,whalecrown,I've played the free demo. The demo didn't work. I expected the full product to be better. I am wrong. I got to the start up screen and the main menu. Even after setting all my settings to the minimal to try to get it to play. No dice. I can't even get passed the bloody intro to play the game. The voice-acting cutscene goes out of sync with the subtitles. Then it crashes saying 'RE7 has stopped working'.
76561197970551895,Not Recommended,418370,30463537,Posted: 11 March,all,Immortal Disciple,"If you like over the top boss level fights then you can disregard this rantview.Stopped playing at the Bug-Lady boss in the greenhouse.Having to shoot/burn her in the belly a stupid amount of times was to comical for me along with trying to run like I am carrying a 50 pound backpack throughout the game.Not to mention my hand being cut off, stappled back in place and completely useful afterwards.Just pour on some liquid to the arm of said 'surgery' to gain your health back.But I digress.I had no flame thrower in my inventory to use anyway.Trying to go about it with my pistol and shotgun.I couldn't care less at this point as I became more and more bored by the whole game.Maybe if it had some Evil Dead type comedy thrown in, I'd have a different view.""The best strategy against Marguerite is to fry her with the burner until she reveals her disgusting, hive-like nether regions, then switch to the Shotgun and keep firing. Don’t let her come too close, try to keep her at bay. Eventually, she’ll run outside, and you’ll hear her moan. That’s her giving birth to infected mosquitoes that will come for you. Kill them as best you can, then beware of her next attack. Rinse and repeat until you kill her.""""We’d suggest finding out how to get theGrenade Launcherbefore you go into this battle, asit will be extremely helpful in taking Marguerite’s health down a good bit.""""...a good bit""Always thought grenades against flesh and blood were a devistating mix.LMFAO!Mkay."
,Not Recommended,418370,29838814,Posted: 10 February,all,Wiznik,"The game is very mediocre, and not worth the $60 they're asking for it. If you were disappointed in RE5, you will be equally disappointed in this game.PROS:- No QTEs- Pretty graphics- First twenty minutes is pretty okay- Easy in most parts, mind numbingly difficult in othersCONS:- Bland story that you can guess the ending of 3 hours before you even finish.- Unrewarding repetition. You'll get to some parts you have to do over and over and over again for no real reason, and other parts that are supposed to be difficult just end up being a joke.- No real scarcity of items, meaning it isn't really a ""survival"" game by any definition of the word. Near the middle, you have so much crap in your inventory, you don't even know what to do with it.- Not a horror game. They tried so hard in the demo to make it seem horror-like, and they did a really good job in my opinion. Wasn't the best horror experience in my life, but it was much better than the last few Resident Evil games. Someone at Capcom must've hated the idea of innovation and scrapped everything from the demo and put in the same crappy RE5+6 standards in there.- The story is so unoriginal. They copied most their ideas from Silent Hill, and honestly their characters were flat as hell.- Puzzles? What puzzles? They were nonsense at best, but easy regardless. Nothing was really all that tricky to figure out, unless you were trying to find the random stupid item that makes no sense, but you somehow need it to continue.All in all, I give it a 4/10. Definitely not worth paying more than $15 for."
76561198146235846,Not Recommended,418370,34496478,Posted: 25 August,all,renegadeEmu23,"Game controls are clunky, made me feel slow and robotic. Using a headset to play the game made the game frustrating because the sound had no direction sounding if it was coming from every where you turned, I spend 20 minutes looking for a phone that was two feet infront of me because it sounded like it was on the other side of the house."
,Recommended,418370,29459396,Posted: 24 January,all,Velskud,Do not turuuust her
76561198065441415,Recommended,418370,29456071,Posted: 23 January,all,Duilow,I can't stress how many times I already♥♥♥♥♥♥my pant...10/10 will buy new pants
76561198046552655,Not Recommended,418370,29467584,Posted: 24 January,all,MShulski,"I normally don't criticize a game for technical issues. I get disappointed when I read reviews that give a game a negative ratings because of technical issues. However, in this case, I feel obliged to do so because a few negative reviews may push Capcom to fix my technical issue. I really enjoyed the demo to this game and the first ten to fifteen minutes that I was able to put into the game. Unfortunately, I have an older processor (Phenom 2 1075T). As a result, the game crashes the first time I go into the water in the basement. I had this very same issue when I bought MGS 5 on day one. I believe it has something to do with the SSE4.1 cpu instruction set. Either way, I believe that it only took Konami about a day to fix it. So, I'm posting this here and will change my review if and when Capcom fixes this issue. I'm not a person who goes around accusing programmers of ""laziness"". The truth is that they have to develop for an insane amount of configurations, and they put in long hours. Therefore, I wish the programmers all the luck in the world. Small edit: I have a GTX 970, so my graphics easily meet the capabilities. Some people are complaining because my cpu seems to be behind the times. It's not. It runs much faster than many current offerings and has similar cache sizes. My cpu easily runs more than double the speed of a PS4. Google it. CPU manufacturers like Intel tell people they need new processors when they really don't. It's planned obsolescence. Sure, people can call my computer a ""potato"" and tell me to buy a PS4 (I already have a PS4), but they're the ones who very well could be drinking the Intel kool-aid."
,Not Recommended,418370,29469193,Posted: 24 January,all,.tv/iLLaVenom,"not for pc, depending on your monitor and setup. doesn't support 21:9 ultra wide in any resolution hi-res 4k or even 1440p in 21:9. capcom did this with metal gear too. Blizzard at least had a reason why overwatch wasn't and had to do with competitive edge and screen real estate. and even they patched it over albeit horribly so, but still. Even indie devs support 21:9 and no vive support but psvr support? if i want black bars on the side id have a CRT monitor not a $2000 curved.looks like ill just have to get it in 4k and hdr off my ps4 pro...but i've been losing my patience with capcom for the last two or three years when it comes to porting to pc."
76561198219090411,Not Recommended,418370,29717485,Posted: 5 February,all,MiyamotoFresh,"This game is too short, it feels 1 third of RE4. Scary, graphics and innovating RE spirit, but same repeating monsters. Too easy to beat and too short. I would recommend this game if it didnt hold the RE brand. But it does and with that comes expectation. Disappointing. :/"
76561198070066515,Not Recommended,418370,32956366,Posted: 28 June,all,jarlaxle,Gore is not scary....when will people learn this simple fact?
76561197969931383,Not Recommended,418370,29469088,Posted: 24 January,all,KeekWee,"NOT WORTH £40!I found this one very good. I got this for a gift and it's my first resi evil game in years. I thought this was VR enabled?? or I'd defo would of skipped it, if! I had to buy it myself.I'd recommend the game for the fun I've had but sadly I'M NOT, because of the price."
76561198122045154,Not Recommended,418370,33564954,Posted: 15 July,all,magicmoonbeam,If you are the sort of person you likes nothing better than to search the house from top to bottom for missing car keys this is for you. Apart from the run of the mill boss fights this game consists of endlessly searching for different types of keys and other itimes to open a particular door or raise a bridge. Its the exact same format that was being used in early computer in the 1990. Its very old fashioned and very boring.
,Not Recommended,418370,29930279,Posted: 14 February,all,jigalopower,"ive got a space age nasa computer and this thing cant run without getting massive lag spikes every 5 seconds, it makes no sense. my settings arre normal and i got a 1060. still too early for me to know if it lives up to the hype so ignore the thumbs down, this is just♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off with the damn massive lag"
,Not Recommended,418370,29730052,Posted: 5 February,all,TrumpKingsly,"I can't recommend this game for two reasons. Mechanically, the game is plodding and tedious. Narratively, it's like all other RE games--the more you think about it, the stupider it becomes.MechanicsMechanically, there's too much videogame in this videogame, and most of all that videogame is tedious. You're a slow-walking, slow-turning, slow-aiming, slow-shooting, obscure-puzzle-solving camera on legs. I turned my gamepad sensitivity up to the tippy top, and control of Ethan was still slow. That slowness is frustrating, because your average enemies are the stumbly, sloppy, slurpy monsters we've all come to know and love since Dead Space. Aquiring the head of your target takes whole seconds, and then the sloppy turd jerks its head out of the way just in time so you have to spend seconds doing it all over again. Your heart rate will reach the brink of time travel, but that's because you'll be screaming ""aim faster, you clod!"" as another shot misses because the head leaves your crosshairs right as you pull the trigger. It's that ""screwed by RNG"" feel of which games like Hearthstone are so fond.This would be okay if your character were even slightly mobile.  You have a quick turn, but there's about 0.5-1.0 seconds of delay between the end of your quick turn and the time when you can start moving. Then, you run for 3 seconds, quick turn, and the monster is still too close for you to play the ""line up the headshot"" game, again. When you miss, in other words, your new task is completely reorienting yourself using turning and running. It would be better if there were a quicker option for relocation (like a quick backstep or sidestep).The way they handle this lack of mobility is making the game about blocking. A man is swinging a combination hedge-clippers-chainsaw at you. You can't dodge for♥♥♥♥♥♥ Luckily, you have the most resilient arms in the universe. Block his swing, and you're taking 1/20th the damage. It's hard to be scared or otherwise take this game seriously as a result. You have to pretend that these mechanical concessions make sense, and that's uncomfortable.Second, you have the puzzles. This is a bumpkin house in the Louisiana bayou, and yet it's fortified like Wesker's castle. 99% of the doors are one breath away from crumbling, yet there are a few steel doors blocking entry to completely normal rooms (like the main hall of the main house). These doors are locked by inexplicable relief puzzles. Complete the cerberus by installing metal plates shaped like each of its heads. What? Find the scorpion key to access grandma's bedroom. Huh? Put Mom's lantern on this balance so that the door behind it will open. Eh? Hold this molded object in front of a bafflingly placed light source so that its shadow becomes an object outlined in a painting on the wall. Do that so that the wall parts like the red sea and  you can pass between rooms in the house. Are you kidding? These puzzles make so little sense, that you will not be able to escape the realization that this is the ""toy"" kind of videogame. Not a story or an ""interactive narrative.""Third, you have boss fights. Boss fight strategy (outside of a pretty cool early encounter in the garage) is ""put bullets in it until it stops."" Because you're not mobile, a lot of the boss fight is you and the boss rubbing up against one another while you spam attack and block alternatingly. When you hit them, they only react when the game's animations will let them react (when no other animation is in progress). So, for most of the fight, you're swinging a knife or shooting a thing, and the only feedback you're getting is blood coming out if it. Bosses also can grapple you. Cool, right? Except they're very clearly your superior (one guy rips the roof off of a car). When they grapple, they will execute a single move (Dad knees you in the gut, Mom bites you), and then just back off. Why didn't they just rip the roof off of me?Videogame, that's why.And finally, you have inventory management. You have a small inventory, and there are dumb little crates in the game's many save rooms that teleport your gear around the game as you access them. You can't put items down, you can only ""discard"" them. That means you can only delete them from the game. So, you have some dumb ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t you don't need now, but you will need later? You can either delete it from the game, or ignore the thing in front of you that you need, or you can backtrack to a save room and mess with the dumb little crate, again. If you choose option three, congratulations. You're playing a goddamned videogame.NarrativeThe setting is convincing (outside of the dumb puzzle elements) due to the game's visuals and sound. They're truly great.The characters and plot are not convincing due to the game's writing and voice acting. They are truly campy.The writing staff seem to have been focused on ""what would be scary right now?"" far more often than they were focused on ""what would make sense right now?"" In one early encounter, you defeat a particularly tough enemy. You explore the house a bit. When you turn around, you see her slowly walk by an open doorway from left to right. Scary, huh? Except there is barely any space to the left of that doorway, and it's all full of old hillbilly crap. She's not a ghost. What was she doing over there before she walked in front of the doorway? She had absolutely no reason to be there.Another encounter has you creeping around a house to avoid an enemy called Marguerite. Once successful, you put the entire length of the house between you and her. As you approach a door to open it, she ambushes you from a little nook just to the right of your side of the door. Scary, huh? Except she was at the other end of the house a few seconds ago, and that little nook is self contained. It's about the size of a single person, and there's no way in there other than the staircase you are currently ascending. Marguerite is human, and she cannot teleport. She had no reason, nor ability to be there. Just be scared and don't think about it, huh?Yet a third enounter also involves Marguerite. You've been exploring a part of the house for awhile. You do a thing that clearly triggers a game state change. When you try to leave through one of the room's doors, her face puts on its jumpscare hat before she screams ""get out!"" and slams the door shut in your face. From then on, she's lurking in the house and she's a threat (if she finds you, she will kill you). Why didn't she kill me during the jump scare? Why tell me to get out, before closing the door that led me to ""out?"" Why would she even want me to ""get out,"" if the whole family have been trying to kill me or capture me all game? Videogame needed to say ""here's where you avoid Margie."" That's why.Additionally, for some reason, enemies won't follow you into save rooms. It's their own goddamned house, and yet they somehow don't know how to open a door if there's a tape recorder and a dumb little inventory crate behind hit.The game is full of that nonsense.You also get a Joker-style enemy who sasses you over a loudspeaker. He's supposed to sound nuts, but he just sounds like a Saturday-morning cartoon villain. ""Come to the paaaaarty, Ethan!"" If you want to know what nuts sounds like, you need Rick Trager and Otis Driftwood. This game's nutter is corn drenched in cheese.And then, at the end, you get a little nod to the rest of the franchise to afford it a little continuity. But, that scene has literally no purpose other than that. The same effect could have been evoked with white text on a black screen that reads ""This game is officially part of RE canon.""These narrative issues, like the mechanical issues, scream at you that you're playing nothing more than a toy. The more you think about the game, the faster it becomes just as thoughtless as the rest of the RE franchise. New camera perspective, new coat of paint, same nonsense and puzzle solving."
76561197974759748,Not Recommended,418370,30914325,Posted: 2 April,all,JackofHearts211,"What should be a fun game full of tension and atmosphere gets ruined by the 'open-ness' of it. This game should be a bit more linear, I say this because with little hints or way of knowing what to do next, you can retrace your steps and just get lost running forever wasting time. Love the graphics, atmosphere, ect... but when you just get tired of it and start sprinting everywhere just trying to find out where you need to go you lose all of the immersion. What started as a fun FPS now turns into a grind where you have to just ignore whats going on around you running trying to find the item or que that will progress the story. A bit disapointing"
,Not Recommended,418370,34401705,Posted: 21 August,all,Marisa's bloomers,It reminds me too much of my dad when he still lived at home :(
76561198353113747,Not Recommended,418370,31584881,Posted: 6 May,all,medieval,I felt the game was to repetitive. I had to kill the same guy multiple times. I would of liked to see different characters trying to kill me early on as opposed to only one sick old man.Pros:Beautiful graphicsStoryCons:Repetitive playSame stale characters early on resulted in very repetitive play.
,Not Recommended,418370,29997734,Posted: 17 February,all,JaydenH,"It was all well and good until I couldn't get out of the bathroom in main house 2f map, even aftre collecting everythying within and dropping black water in bathtub, now the game is too slow to even work it seems, sad, I was starting to enjoy it, please optimise and fix game up! I can't reccommend for PC users until it is..."
,Not Recommended,418370,29679180,Posted: 3 February,all,CCFLY,Looks awesome... but they are scary issues whith older CPU like my Phenom2 1090T Whithout SSE4.1 support.5 minutes gameplay because it crashes for 80€.Thank you Capcom... a few of people out there are waiting for that fix!
,Not Recommended,418370,34887251,Posted: 11 September,all,Guns,"Quite a fun game. I know I spent not a lot of time on this, but I can easily not recommend it because of a effin bug that annoys me alot. Each time I quit this game, my windows desktop has luminosity screwed up. I can't understand how a game, in 2017, use OS lum instead of its own settings.Apart from this, it's fun, I like to meet with new family, especialy when they are better ingame than irl. Scary mechnisms are a bit obvious though."
76561198016003941,Not Recommended,418370,30705488,Posted: 24 March,all,jdgonzo82,"Just over 2 hours in and wanted to ensure I could warn people that this game does have technical issues which are quite frustrating. I lost an hour to troubleshooting frame drops and stuttering and it looks like most others out there are having to do the same. I cannot recommend this game in it's current state as it completely destroys the immersion. You will need to lower your graphical settings to ensure you get a smooth, 60 FPS experience. Disable shadow cache and texture quality down to medium. Some people are also disabling dynamic shadows but this was not needed for me. Apparently high and very high settings for textures simply upscales the medium textures making it a lot harder on the graphx card. You shouldn't see a difference on medium anyway. This is also the standard for PS4.So until all this is addressed in a patch all I can say is that this is definately not worth the asking price. It is faulty and you will need to mess around to get what you want...not what I expect in 2017 after the bucket load of problems we have all been having with rushed and untested ports. From now on, and I hope everyone follows suit, I will never recommend a game on steam if it has technical issues. Small ones I can put up with but when it directly messes with the immersion of an FPS horror game it needs to highlighted asap!!!Please fix this CAPCOM as soon as humanly possible - PLEASE :)"
,Recommended,418370,29456091,Posted: 23 January,all,Praise Gaben,"10 spookies/10On a more serious note, I've only played about 50min but I can already say the game met my expectations. And while the game does have its jumpscares, I love how the game uses the atmosphere and sound design to scare the player."
54457113512652783,Not Recommended,418370,30139882,Posted: 24 February,all,b0rth,hmmm
,Not Recommended,418370,30970946,Posted: 5 April,all,Communist Rick,"ok, but very laggy. i would wait for the summer sales or when the game is $30. overall i say the game is 2.5/5just wait for a sale or $30 it is not worth 60"
76561198075186105,Not Recommended,418370,30764145,Posted: 26 March,all,evilmushroom,"pretty solid, not worth $60 at all imo."
76561198023396234,Not Recommended,418370,33443239,Posted: 10 July,all,Sleazy Louise,This is one of the worst major titles I have played. Not scary like Outlast just boring jump-scare stuff. Basement with the creatures that spawn out of muck is annoying. Gun is almost pointless. I would get my money back if I could. Probably won't waste the time to finish it.
,Not Recommended,418370,33763340,Posted: 24 July,all,Teurastaja,"Is it good? For a survival game, yes. For any other? No. And yes, I know it is not supposed to be some fast-paced action FPS game, but since it isn't, it really isn't for my taste. It's just too slow with dark corners, when you can't see in front of you half of the time and with enemies that take all your ammo reserves in one standing, so you are forced to poke them with a knife or just straight running away and past them. Kind of the takes edge off in my opinion.The reason for my disliking is because of wrong expectations, and thus I can't really enjoy the game. I was hoping for some zombie-shooter, but instead it's just sneaking around past the enemies and solving puzzles - pretty much what the whole franchise is about, but I prefer the RE4 style over this.So, if you like dark horror survival games, it is definitely a great choice, but if you're looking for a first persoon shooter, you gotta pass this one.On a more subjective note: the amount I get to play it, the story seemed a bit too scripted - it wouldn't just go on until you did the X thing needed. Like when fighting your GF in the start, you had to just shoot her in the head for zillion times until you ran out of ammos, or when fighting the Dad, you had to go the car, you had to climb the stairs for him to grab you, and for the story go on. Or when hiding from the Mother in a flashback (which was in general a nice idea), there was actually just one place where you could go and one place where you could hide to survive, and if you went to wrong place, there was no chance to knock her out and find a nother hideout, or something, no you just simply lost the game and had to start all over again.I don't know, it may be okay to some, but I like somewhat more freedom: freedom to go anywhere you want and explore the whole house, for example, not just explore room 1 until X is done, so you get to room 2 and do Y until you get to room 3 and do Z, and so on.Also, where were the zombies...?"
,Not Recommended,418370,34633700,Posted: 31 August,all,MetalNeverDies,"You know, I'm not opposed to a game series breaking the mold. I'm not against the idea of new protagonists, new concepts, and new gameplay elements in an established series. I'm not a huge stickler for game running at over 60 FPS at all times.But god I ♥♥♥♥ing hate this game and everything it stands for.You know what's a good idea with a long-running game series? make a new game that doesn't relate in the slightest to anything in the series, just chases generic horror game trends, and has Denuvo, otherwise known as a massive middle finger to everyone who buys a game with it installed. I'd just ♥♥♥♥ing love to sit in on the meeting that spawned this shit♥♥♥♥ of a generic horror game.""Hey, you know that outlast game that's popular in spite of being total♥♥♥♥♥♥and not ♥♥♥♥ing scary in the least?""""Yeah, what about it?""""You know that horror franchise we recently got back out of the gutter with the Revelations games, Resident Evil?""""Yeah?""""What if, instead of continuing to pursue those and actually expand the universe, we just make an Outlast game but call it Resident Evil 7? The kids will ♥♥♥♥ing eat it up!""""Yeah, ♥♥♥♥ people who might like the Resident Evil series, it's not like they have any vested interest in it NOT being Slenderman clone number 759374097123142341234.""""You know those supernatural elements in lots of popular horror games that have been very well established NOT to exist in the Resident Evil universe?""""Yeah?""""Let's have LOTS of those.""""Awesome, Resident Evil fans will love that!""""Also, put Denuvo in it even though it's a single player game, so that it'll ♥♥♥♥ with people's systems and make the game run like♥♥♥♥♥""""Great, I'll get a team working on that.""Why the ♥♥♥♥ is this game popular? It's just like literally every other ♥♥♥♥ing first person horror game. It's boring, it's♥♥♥♥♥♥ it controls awfully, it's all about supernatural♥♥♥♥♥♥I don't ♥♥♥♥ing care about, and it runs about as well as an obese fat man with DOWN syndrome who lost both legs in a horrible boating accident in high school. Oh no, scary hillbillies and spooky little girls are coming to get me! I'm so scared, this is definately a resident evil game and not ♥♥♥♥ing Outlast 6 running at ♥♥♥♥ing 20 frames a ♥♥♥♥ing second even though my ♥♥♥♥ing computer is ♥♥♥♥ing leagues above ♥♥♥♥ing minumum spec and the game ran just ♥♥♥♥ing fine for the first ♥♥♥♥ing four ♥♥♥♥ing hours I played so I can't get a ♥♥♥♥ing refund on this ♥♥♥♥ing shit♥♥♥♥ of a ♥♥♥♥ing game.♥♥♥♥ Resident Slender 7, and ♥♥♥♥ all of you for making this popular and making sure there'll never be another proper Resident Evil game. All capcom will ever make from now on is this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ing Outlast♥♥♥♥♥♥that I hate from the bottom of my very soul. ♥♥♥♥.Yes, that was cathartic."
76561198126860998,Not Recommended,418370,30377002,Posted: 7 March,all,Grégan,"Capcom font franchement leurs vendus avec leur exclus PSVR, heureusement que Ralf de Vorpx est là!Dispo en version tipiak en plus, la prochaine fois je garde mes sous!"
,Recommended,418370,29455767,Posted: 23 January,all,Dr. Freeman,This is amazing. Welcome back Capcom!
,Not Recommended,418370,29464672,Posted: 24 January,all,KripTed,"Where to start?Is this even Resident Evil? cause it appears to be everything Resident Evil is not. Now I like that they decided to take a different route, it's good to see a change. This change wasn't for the better tho, they stole ideas from multiple games. Outlast, Silent Hill, Layers of Fear, with a sprinkle of Resident Evil. As far as I heard it's 6 hours to beat? Is that what passes off as 79.99 nowadays? Like 10$ an hour? Sure, I guess it makes sense.This game could have had potential, but they decided to just to port it over, like the rest of console developers. The gunplay is horrible, this isn't a joke, it's really that bad. I thought maybe it was cause it was tailored so much to consoles. Nope, even with a 360 controller, the shooting is supbar. Speaking of subpar, so is the graphics and the acting. What's going on here? Cause the pictures I see on the store look better than the actual game. Are you guys photoshopping your images? Cause it really baffles me how it looks way different.The game is not scary at all, and I literally mean that. It's scripted and you can predict every moment that's about to come. Where's the creativity? I mean the game is atmospheric, but that's about it. There might have been one moment that filled me with some adrenaline, but it wore off quickly. It appears there's only one monster throughout the game. Then of course Daddy who shows up every time you complete a task, ya, that's not predictable. I really want to like this game and give it a positive review. I'm afraid I can't do that. You can mark this as one of 2017's failures for the starting year. The FPS isn't that great as well, you'd think an i7-6700K with a GTX 1070 could run this game with everything at max, nope. If you really want this game, I'd suggest buying it from an alternative website that's selling cheap cd keys."
76561198013533210,Not Recommended,418370,29484459,Posted: 25 January,all,Senders,"Resident Evil 7. I played the evil within, then I played Resident Evil and didn't know which one I was playing.The game is pretty, the atmosphere and sounds are immersive, as is the game. You are being chased and hunted by someone who you can never seem to kill, and some black slugs that remind me of a movie I've seen. Help me out if you know which movie, it's on the tip of my tongue and it's bothering me now.Anyways, it wasn't really what I expected, though that isn't a bad thing. You just spend your time running around trying to figure out the puzzles whilst hiding from a redneck half human half zombie immortal.If you're looking for a zombie shooter this isn't it, as ammo can sometimes be scarce. The save system can also be annoying, and sometimes if you die you feel you've wasted ten minutes of your time and you have to do it again. Also the block I find to be quite unresponsive and slow, though maybe it's just me and my slow reflexes. Still, feels as slow as your characters srpint. I can't see Ethan, only his shadow, and despite him not being overweight he still runs like an obese man.Anyways I'm a few hours into it, and the novelty has worn off for me. I wish I could refund it, though the time has passed for that :)If you liked the evil within then you may like RE7, it's up to you."
76561197998142510,Not Recommended,418370,29559143,Posted: 29 January,all,Sigs,Definitely Resident Evil. I wouldn't call it good by any means whatsoever.Physics are nuts. Crates EXPLODE VIOLENTLY at the slightest tap. The 2 or 3 objects you can actually 'bump' into and have a reaction bounce around oddly.Emblem puzzles are back! In a ramshackle redneck hut in a swamp! Because that makes even less sense than when it was in a multi-billion dollar industries' secret mansion!Feels like a land-based Dead Space 3. Just a cash grab.
,Not Recommended,418370,29473581,Posted: 24 January,all,Zurakci,"Honestly.Im not gonna say it is bad. Its good at some points. But I bought this for horror, and all I got was ALMOST 2 hours of laughter.Well you tried, Capcom. You just didnt really impress me with yer so-called ""First Person Horror"" game. Even ""Amnesia: A Machine For Pigs"" was more scary til you find out you cannot die in that game.Well THANKS FOR TRYING! LOVE YOU, CAPCOM!P.S: Water graphics are some next gen level stuff. That was amazing! And thanks for the laughter. It sure made my experience not dull <3"
,Not Recommended,418370,34463422,Posted: 24 August,all,Dumb Bunny,this is really good(joke)
,Not Recommended,418370,30757178,Posted: 26 March,all,Jarzka,"The game does not support Steam Controller's mouse input, which is sad because I always use Steam controller and it's accurate mouse input to play games.Otherwise, it is a good game and I give it my recommendations when the issue has been fixed."
,Not Recommended,418370,29488284,Posted: 25 January,all,WanderingJarlPuncher,"4 out of 10great graphic , great sound return to previous resident evil concepts. thats it120$ for game + season pass tho i get the feeling there won't be any DLC so be advised before buying it.bad grammar in the loading sreens, yes thats a new one, plural is now written singular.INCREDIBLY short. less than 10 hours to get the game completed at 100%( youtube i there to prove it)NO resident evil ties to what ever the games ties itself to. We don't see any relative infos on umbrella or the next gen of umbrella corp.the game is more like a bayou texas massacre that had a child with wrong turn and [REC] movies.lack of monsters, and characters, you're faced off with a bunch a shallow hillbillies, blessed with a ""gift"" that has no refferences or where it emanates from and all the ""information"" you can find on them is scarces and confusing at best. the first 3 hours are insane but it goes downward mode after ... a shameoverall? it's good but not worth 60 to 120$ best wait until the next sales event because RE7 not standing up to it's predecessors.by the way game devs.. learn to drop the dlc junk. either make a game worth 60$ or dont make it. last huge hitter was FF15 and took 28 hours to complete and costed nearly 100$ heck even ff14 takes 3 months and costs 40$"
76561198015662042,Not Recommended,418370,29866437,Posted: 11 February,all,jmorris108,"Refunded.Bear in mind I've got a nice machine here ... i5 3570k, GTX 980ti, 16 gb RAM ... so when stuff like this happens, it's not because of a low-spec PC.Downloaded one evening, played for a bit, and was enjoying it - nice suspense and atmosphere, satisfyingly creepy, interesting mystery to solve. Looks like a great horror flick. Then shut it off and went to bed.Start it up the next day ... no audio. My sound system works fine. All other sources (other games, etc.) are fine. Check online, and nobody's come up with anything. Asked for my money back. I'm not really interested in paying for the privilege of troubleshooting a brand new game."
76561198141829132,Not Recommended,418370,29598150,Posted: 30 January,all,ragin_dragon,So leggy and freezes alot wait till they fix it
,Not Recommended,418370,29532350,Posted: 27 January,all,<D4RK_H4LO>,Not a great direction for the Resident Evil series. Not sure why everyone thinks this game is so great as the gameplay is frustratingly garbage. No time to take in the scenery and explore the area as there is an enemy that doesn't die and runs faster than you with attacks that you can't block or dodge. Can't really escape anywhere because the doors are all locked and you get caught on random furniture or blocked into a corner. All of this with a first person perspective and slow turning radius. Gorgeous visuals just cannot make up for this dismal gameplay. Just awful. Plain awful.
,Not Recommended,418370,29506384,Posted: 26 January,all,mp5mafia,Major performance issues with 980Ti. Fps anywhere from 120 all the way down to 20. Mostly around 30-40
76561198063387514,Not Recommended,418370,29607595,Posted: 31 January,all,G4V_Zero,No 21:9 support? How does a brand new AAA title not have ultrawide support? Theres nothing like having giant black bars on the either side of my screen to ruin the experience. I'm not even going to play the damn game. I've submitted my refund request.
,Not Recommended,418370,30792192,Posted: 28 March,all,jon-h86,"First let me say that this game crashed a lot when playing it. So Capcom didn't do a good job porting it.The game itself starts off strong. It's exciting and unique. About two thirds of the way through however it seems as though all the creative staff left the building. The last section of the game is complete rubbish. The same monster over and over again. Bombs and bullets are thrown around like they are going out of fashion. The story is spoon feed to us as if we suffer from a mental handicap. The final two bosses are just terrible black goo monsters with gringe worthy voice over.If you live in a country where they are charging full price for this game, don't pay it. It is only 8 hours long and like I said a big fraction of that 8 is spent thinking, when will this end."
76561197970853945,Not Recommended,418370,31250221,Posted: 19 April,all,=Captain_Yawn=,"Not what I expected. I couldn't get much past the dinner scene. I'm not exactly sure what I don't like about it, but I find it to be lame."
,Not Recommended,418370,29546808,Posted: 28 January,all,Erlich Bachman,THIS GAME IS DOG S H I T
,Not Recommended,418370,32035494,Posted: 28 May,all,AusGre,Not Resident Evil.
76561198044605739,Not Recommended,418370,29457826,Posted: 24 January,all,Tiny Dick Mcgee,"The introduction is great, the guest house is great, until, suddenly, There's TERRIBLE audio desync, autosaves don't work, the game says there's no save data even though when you get to the save point your old saves are still there, and then, to top it all off, the game crashed on me due to an error when i looked at a lamp. Fix your♥♥♥♥♥♥capcom. I paid $90 for this"
76561198057736007,Not Recommended,418370,29474594,Posted: 24 January,all,Lemon,"Game keeps crashing, about 10 minutes of play is all I can get."
76561198047554749,Not Recommended,418370,29505694,Posted: 26 January,all,猛砖,请不要叫生化危机7。要叫，寂静岭外传：逃生
76561198290416224,Not Recommended,418370,31309202,Posted: 22 April,all,bob the builder,where is not a hero at??? I don't want to get the deluxe edition just for the new episode
,Not Recommended,418370,31879438,Posted: 21 May,all,zombiekil,Get does not work.
,Not Recommended,418370,29577029,Posted: 29 January,all,Sniper Wolf,"I truly have mixed feelings writing this review, about what verdict I would choose. But I came to the conclusion of giving it a ""No"". This review is for pre-Resident evil fans. If you're a youtube drop in that want to act like ""an open minded fan of the long franshise"" just stop reading, Im tired of you people.To start off, yes, this is a good horror game and a good game above that as well, but it is NOT Resident Evil. You can't just take some of the key background elements (herbs, limited inventory etc) and smack it into a completely new game and call it Resident evil. That's basically just you giving the middle finger to the REAL fans. You're basically saying ""Oh, you want another Resident evil game huh? Then here, take your damn herbs and limited inventory space, we're gonna do this game now instead!"" This game is so far from a Resident Evil: Survival horror game it has ever been. If you smacked the title ""The Evil Within 2"" instead, I would support it any day. Because that's what it is, it's TEW straight through.If you're wondering about the previous Re Storyline? Nope, scrapped as well. The helicopter with the Umbrella corp logo on it in the demo, that photo has been altered and it no longer has the logo. The ONLY connection to the other games I found, was a painting saying ""Arclay Mountains"" and a random♥♥♥♥♥soldier calling himself ""Redfield"" in the end. That's it. No T virus. No Umbrella corp (atleast not as we know them).So, if you want to play a Jumpscare horror game that has just coppied PT and The evil within, then yes! Buy this! If you want a Resident evil game, seriously dont, it hurts more than it does good."
76561198014847039,Not Recommended,418370,29457058,Posted: 23 January,all,Mustang Lover 65,"game looks great atmosphere is also top notch the only thing and i do mean ONLY thing that ruins it for me is that the voices get out of sync with whats happening on screen so i will hear the voice lines WAY before they even move their lips, ruined every cutscene thus ruining the overall mood and i could not look past it, if this glitch werent a problem easy 10/10 until fix 5/10 cant take the story seriously P.S the longer the cutscene the worse it got so the scene with the family at the fiest, which is supposed to be very tense and nerve racking, is completely ruined by out of sync voices, ruined ALL emmersion"
76561197965071358,Not Recommended,418370,29513123,Posted: 26 January,all,S1LENT,Controls are garbage why do all resident evil games have the worst player controls. When will capcom ever learn!
76561198030164512,Not Recommended,418370,29508510,Posted: 26 January,all,Great Big Mouth,The framerate for this game is horrendous. I lowered all graphics options to low and updated my drivers to no effect.
,Not Recommended,418370,29707357,Posted: 4 February,all,Joker,"How is this a resident evil game?This is a mainstream 'horror' if you can call it that, more creepy than scary. It follows the new horror narrative of walking around with a flashlight finding items in a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ small map so you can unlock certain doors just to meet ♥♥♥♥♥♥ bosses that you cant kill (ala slenderman and all the other mainstream streamer games). Not fun from a resident evil fan perspective, very redunant and felt like a huge waste of time for me.Games like this are now being targeted at the streamer market, to try to outdo and outpuzzle successful games like slenderman, silent hill, dark souls. Its a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ trend if u ask me, those games get so much hype but are all very mildly scary, lack content, high inital price, and designed to be hyped up by mainstream sources.Go back to traditional resident evil. I refunded RE7.Just my 2 cents."
76561197983039397,Not Recommended,418370,29472059,Posted: 24 January,all,Sassy,Bought game. Installed game. Played 14 minutes of game. No 21:9 support. Uninstalled game. Refunded game.
,Not Recommended,418370,31593978,Posted: 6 May,all,MoodCandy,"This game drove me nuts. I searched every corner and tried to find everything in the game, something to make the journey worth it but nothing helped. I was angry for a week for spending the time I did."
76561198016107198,Not Recommended,418370,33016753,Posted: 29 June,all,mikeytron,"Not worth a nickel.  Stay away!!!! This game sucks but because it WON'T RUN properly. A piece of garbage. The only game on my rig that I've had problems with. I want to PLAY NOT TROUBLESHOOT. My fault I should have investigated better. Even today I tried to get it running again because STEAM wont  give me refund. Total B.S. I like others buy games on sale with the intention of playing when I'm done with my current game. STEAM hit me hard with the ""you are past the two week period."" even though I had 1 hr. on the game when I applied for the refund and that was trying to find fixes. I have a GTX980 card and every other game runs flawlessly. I just finished DOOM and had zero issues. I can accept a small amount of tweaking but not like this, Not worth my time and not worth it for you either. To date since 2005 the worst buggy game I have seen. CAPCOM NEVER AGAIN. Furthermore since STEAM and their automated refund system doesn't care about long time customers like me I WILL NEVER AGAIN BUY ANY GAME AHEAD OF TIME!!! I have never abused this system and have only received a single refund of 8 dollars in my STEAM history. This all would have been fine if I would have received a refund or even a partial refund."
,Not Recommended,418370,29952576,Posted: 15 February,all,[#WN]Shadow of Death,Buggy/will not function on PC worth a TOOT
,Not Recommended,418370,29486779,Posted: 25 January,all,Kafkaesque_Rhythm,I just want my money back.It was a waste here.
76561198016814054,Recommended,418370,34344780,Posted: 19 August,all,Judgemental Cats,♥♥♥♥♥game dont buy
,Not Recommended,418370,29459931,Posted: 24 January,all,Bubblegumluke,"I really want to love this game, i really do. However the conntant freezes, lag and fps drops is making this game unplayable"
,Not Recommended,418370,31284346,Posted: 21 April,all,Leviathan The PImP,"I'm a person that screams at fnaf jumpscares, but this game does not scare me at all. The first 2, yeah they got me. From then on its just that same thing over and over. Alos the game keep freezing every 30sec and i have a beefy comp.P.S: The graphics are very good. (i had them on high)"
76561198084935483,Recommended,418370,29456415,Posted: 23 January,all,iMSaiyan,I turned down some of the settings and it seems to be running pretty perfect now. Will edit a better review later!Overall I would recommend it.
,Not Recommended,418370,30807046,Posted: 28 March,all,Vinyl37246,Played for 80 minutes. Refund requested. This game looks horrible with all settings on Very High on a 3.5 Ghz Core i7 with 32GB of RAM and an ASUS STRIX RX480 8GB OC card. Doom came out last year and blows this game away graphically. It does not feel like a Resident Evil game. Very disappointed.
76561197976078104,Not Recommended,418370,30773551,Posted: 27 March,all,mackbeth,have played this game for 4 hrs .i fined this game to be slow play and boring.go round and round looking for things.how mwny times do you have to kill the same not scary bad guy.fill like i wasted my money
,Not Recommended,418370,29685114,Posted: 3 February,all,ffrotty,Beat the game in 8 hours. The credits were 8 minutes.MFW the credits of a game are 1.6667% the time it takes to beat the game
,Not Recommended,418370,29459767,Posted: 24 January,all,GJVah [ CRKS ],"No 21:9 support. Horrible textures. Refunded. Will wait for resolution support and HD texture pack before considering again. Animaitons are amazing, atmosphere is top notch, but I can't play with blinders on, looking at mud. Screenshots on the store page ARE FAKE, especially the one showing the letters and newspapers, the in-game textures are NOT in the same league.EDIT: Addressing some ""comments"":1 - I tried 2x resolution scaling and 2x DSR, on a 3440x1440 monitor.. So even at 6880x2880 (effectively) with the game running as you'd expect, textures still look muddy, not at all comparable to the screenshots.2 - The people trying to convince me no one needs 21:9 because Capcom was too lazy to implement it at launch.... Not an argument. It's 2017, every other game I have played supports 21:9, including indies. This is a AAA release, on PC, at full price, with DLC at launch and a season pass. It should at least support some basics, like adjusting to your monitor's aspect ratio, it's not rocket sience."
76561198026723490,Not Recommended,418370,29466468,Posted: 24 January,all,LilJew,refunded no 21:9 support
76561198059945301,Not Recommended,418370,30518344,Posted: 14 March,all,Cleo,"I like wierd stuff and i like sceary stuff, something i expected in a game taged whit horror.I will not recommend this game for 60euros for ANYONE and this is why:-i finished this game for about 10h..that is way to short for a game whit that price.- I do not understand people who can say that this game has an good and even a exellent story. I have played tons of games and this story isent deep and feels pretty.. meh. The twist in the end dident suprise me at al it was kinda expected.- the combat i slow paced. Your character moves really slow, wich makes the combat more tactical but also frustrating. For res fans i guess yall are use to it. AND if the character would have been faster the game would probebly have been much shorter.- There were to many pointless puzzles in here that just feelt like - why am i wasting my time... one of them puzzles  are "" the birthay puzzle one"" ...i guess because....the game would have been shoorter if not added :Dits just to much back and forth in this game for me.I did enjoy some puzzles and i did enjoy some parts in the game, to sitt here and say that everything was bad would be a total lie...but 60 euros for ""moments"" and 10h its not worth it at al. and its not scary..just wierd and sometimes confusing...Im giving it a thumbs down because i dont want YOU to buy this game now, wait untill the price drops!"
,Not Recommended,418370,29748480,Posted: 6 February,all,Wagner,"I was eager to see the game but now I'm realy disapointed. I've played little and it's boring, litthle to no action, no options, bugs with video drivers, HDR does not work properly ...I would like my money back if it was possible."
,Not Recommended,418370,29456910,Posted: 23 January,all,Heatnixx,"A GeForce GTX970 WindForce 4GB for a 1366x768 monitor and this game still stutters like it's running out of VRAM as soon as you're done through the demo section. Found out changing textures from Very High to High fixes it.Not my videoOther than that it's a good game. Best Resident Evil since RE4, worth the hype. I'll recommend when the stutter bug is fixed"
76561198327208481,Not Recommended,418370,29647403,Posted: 2 February,all,dvi101.ford,it all come up with exe ever time i get to the were you get in the wert and were you go to get teh girl but i cant no go the but for the exe what can i do
,Not Recommended,418370,34692200,Posted: 2 September,all,Cool Le Frog,Too much combat for a horror game
76561198007904681,Not Recommended,418370,30731607,Posted: 25 March,all,Nied,Game crashed as soon as I started.  I've always been a Resident Evil fan.  Hope they fix the crashes soon.  Got my refund for now.
76561198041135448,Not Recommended,418370,29656311,Posted: 2 February,all,hunkeedoree,"I'm going to try to save you some money right now. DON'T BUY THIS GAME! If this was $9.99? Sure. Buy it. But $89? Not worth it. I finished the game in 22 hours. And I am not a pro, like some of the players I've read about. you're shooting up the same monstors (who are sluggish to say the least) and bosses over and over. Save your money. This game is not worth it."
76561198077228368,Not Recommended,418370,29505623,Posted: 26 January,all,camelherde,capcom !!!!! give us Phenom Users SSE4.1 patch!!!!!!!! sewer sucks - you suck. until you fix. 50 EUR for ****
76561198014158374,Not Recommended,418370,29484381,Posted: 25 January,all,Darazanjoll,"first 2/3 was pretty good, last 1/3 was really bad and boring, so bad that I cant recommend this game."
76561198060380454,Not Recommended,418370,29791547,Posted: 8 February,all,"Keira ""Ghostface"" Knightley",I had such hopes for this game. I've never been more disappointed by a game. Really. Don't buy it into there's a sale. It's worth $20 at the most.
,Not Recommended,418370,29462445,Posted: 24 January,all,MaskedNameless,What is it? my game crashed and i dont know why. how can i recommand this game before i could normally PLAY it !!!!!Hope u can fix it soon.
,Not Recommended,418370,32803662,Posted: 26 June,all,cool mint chip,"When I realized that this game doesn't support 21:9 (3440x1440) ultrawide resolution, I was instantly turned off. Playing a first person shooter with two black bars on the side of the screen definitely kills the experience for me. After doing research on whether or not Capcom would provide support for ultrawide, I found a quote from the developers:""(ultrawide) will also have performance implications since going wider will introduce more objects into the scenery. Having too much peripheral vision for this type of game can also lessen the tension and atmosphere intended for the game.”Are you kidding me? More peripheal vision for this game would make it more immersive! It's the reason why I got an ultrawide monitor.I am aware that there are mods that will enable me to play the game at 21:9, but screw that, I'm not installing a sketchy excutable just to hack the game to play at 21:9. I really wanted to play this game but if Capcom can't provide support for 21:9 resolution, then I cannot provide my support either."
76561198006306452,Not Recommended,418370,33424274,Posted: 10 July,all,Nosferatu Zodd,I bought this. Now I have to buy a new graphics card to play it. Yay. Apparently My obsolete radeon 6870 isn't good enough anymore.
76561198048469300,Not Recommended,418370,30031507,Posted: 19 February,all,Dante,"My negative review was deleted? Have another one then, wtf?"
,Not Recommended,418370,30383462,Posted: 7 March,all,Kiba Snowpaw *Alpha Wolf*,"Resident evil 7. I have played most of the resident evil games, but there is some I have not played. Since I never own the console, they come out on or never bother with the game like the Gamecube, Mobiltelefon, Wii. The Resident evil games I have never played is. For GBC: Resident Evil Gaiden for the For Gamecube: Resident Evil Zero I do have the PC version and have tried the start of the game. PS2: Opretter Resident Evil Outbreak, Resident Evil Dead Aim and Resident Evil Outbreak File #2 for mobile Phones: Resident Evil Confidential Report, Resident Evil: The Missions/ The Missions 3D and Resident Evil: Genesis and for Wii Resident Evil: The Umbrella Chronicles. Resident Evil: The Darkside Chronicles. The 3 games on PS2 was Japanese titles from what I remember anyways this review is base on my love to the Europaske Version of the Resident Evil Series since I have not Tried the US or JP version. Only on Resident evil 4, 5 and 6 to PS3, I have tried Resident evil on Japanese.Anyway, Let get on with the Review I don't know how many of you who know this but it's not the first FPS game for the  Resident evil series there is. There are some others like Gun Survival and Codename Veronica X for PS 1 and 2 so making a new FPS for Resident evil don't surprise me but like all the other FPS games in the series then I personally don't like it, and I Will get to that in a min.In Resident Evil 7 you take control of Ethan, a man looking for his wife Mia, who disappeared 3 years ago. After several years of search, Ethan receives a mysterious e-mail sent from Mia, where there are just an address and the words ""Come and get me."" Ethan, therefore, travels without hesitation to Dulvey in Louisiana, a marsh area in the US southern states, to retrieve his wife. Unfortunately for Ethan, it's not long after arriving at the address before it turns out that he just should have gone away. The great property of the site is owned by the Baker family, who, in the best Texas Chainsaw Massacre style, keeps Ethan caught on their ground while stubbornly trying to kill him.I don't know, but I always feel like the start was taking out of Silent Hill. I keep thinking of that every time I see the opening of the game. That this is just with a house instead of a city, I don't know maybe it just me.When the game start you have this I would say beautiful game, but I feel like all the newer games even if it with various engines they all fell the same. Like The Dunia Engine 2, Morphogenic Engine and Capcom new Engine they use in Resident Evil 7. I don't know I just feel like they generate this same look maybe it's me that remember wrong that would not be the first time. anyway, the complete game is in FPS, and I don't really mind that if its done right and I don't feel like this is. The first thing I can feel as I start this game op is, I can feel its a console game from how it all works. Ohh I have to say I play this on PC (Steam). Every time I turn the cam I get dizzy, so I have to go into the setting and change some stuff, so I don't feel sick every time I turn the cam.One thing that also really bothers me from the start of the game to the finish is that you don't have any freedom. You have to do it this way, you don't get the choose to just do what ever you like. No, the game tells you what to do all the way it's not like you can just kill the mother before the father or something like that. You could that in the original Resident Evil to PS1 (1996), and that's one thing I really love about that game is the freedom. But you don't have that in this game you can't do anything as you want no it just like Resident Evil 3 you locked op so you only can go one way and you see that in all the Resident Evil Games from 4-7. But I feel like Resident Evil 7 is the worst of them all in that perspective.As I been playing for some time some things like the puzzle game which there should be more of just feel too easy. It's not really a puzzle like in the original Resident Evil where you had the Pictures on the wall the Plant you had to kill the emblem to move the clock and so on. No in this you have 1 clock, some doors, and some light stuff I and even some of that puzzle tell you what to do like I was 5 years old or something. That another thing I hate about games, it's made so everyone can play them no matter how stupid you are and that just makes games boring in my eyes.Another thing I notice is that the acting feels weird I mean how can a Japanese game sound better with English Voice then Japanese voice. It's a Japanese game it should be made for their own voice first not the English. And the acting I don't like it I'm not saying it's bad, but it feels kind of out of place. I don't know if I'm just watching too many movies, but I don't really feel it.And the most important is the end game why does it feels like I'm playing F.E.A.R all over again and not Resident Evil."
,Not Recommended,418370,30783436,Posted: 27 March,all,Jawmuncher,"Negative Review because capcom still hasn't brought back Dino Crisis.If you bring back Dino Crisis, i'll make this postitive."
76561198035224164,Not Recommended,418370,29602157,Posted: 31 January,all,huyget,Too much lag . Cant play at all .
76561197966612935,Not Recommended,418370,29471971,Posted: 24 January,all,Jacksuicid,slow motion movie game 10/10
76561198202414934,Not Recommended,418370,32346298,Posted: 11 June,all,poloboo34,"So this is resident evil, resi 6 as jake and revelations  put together, zinogre and giggnox from monster hunster 3U are bosses very nice, SHINJI MIKAMI plz make a sequel to The Evil Within !!! The resident evil 7 is too short, not scary and story is terrible !!! lolA resident evil themed walking-sim !!!!"
76561198177414655,Not Recommended,418370,30483531,Posted: 12 March,all,Mixsuuuz,"Completed this game in 11 hours, not worth for 50 euros. Only couple of weapons and enemies. Also graphics arent good enough for a first person game."
76561198030229496,Not Recommended,418370,29861641,Posted: 11 February,all,BARBARIAN,"Please listen first. The graphics were great and the atmossphere was scary. the first 15mins were great. however, after that its just crap. the whole game is run over here and get a key, then run back to the oppsite side of the map and pull this, then get this key, etc etc, same crap. Then theres a guy that chases you that you cant kill at all! That's after u waste mag after mag of precious ammo. which is dumb, unrealistic. Dont give me that crap ""well you will believe zombis but not that?"" yes, that's something that comes with the premise. It would be dumb if Luke Skywalker farted out money, made chicken nuggets with his toes, and never needed to eat or drink, and can walk throught walls) also, the guy runs like a little chump, hops along at 1 mile an hour well this guy with an axe chases you. really, I can't even run? also it says to hide from him, yet there is no real stealth in the game, if you crouch u still make the same amount of noise. also the inventory is rediculously small. crap game don't buy. if you want a good game, buy Deus Ex:mankind divied."
,Recommended,418370,29455700,Posted: 23 January,all,Baboonbrain,its late af so just the cracked menu screen scared mepretty spooky♥♥♥♥♥♥manschool night/10
76561198007430407,Not Recommended,418370,33826419,Posted: 27 July,all,Yoko Taro >= GOD,"Pre-order to get difficult mode everybody want right now, or be casual and play on easy.The game is awesome thought."
76561198189352498,Not Recommended,418370,30893407,Posted: 1 April,all,Shy君,NO，I dont like it.I love Resident Evil 6.I love Resident Evil 6.Say it again.I love Resident Evil 6.
76561198022862860,Not Recommended,418370,30755421,Posted: 26 March,all,woodrow,"not good not sure why or how this has the reviews it does, its not like other res evil games at all, graphics poor, gameplay terrible....im at a loss i do not understand and wish i cld refund this expensive game fully because after being a HUGE res evil my entire life its over i will never play this game. ;( im so disapointed"
,Not Recommended,418370,29569265,Posted: 29 January,all,MaleSensitivity,This game looks like complete crap on PC.  They said the definitive version is on PS4 Pro with HDR.  I think I need to wait and play it on that to get the most out of the experience.
,Not Recommended,418370,29492805,Posted: 25 January,all,jkollgon,"Not at this price tag. Wait for a price drop. *spoilers* When you beat the game, that's it. No new game plus, no bonuses, nothing."
,Not Recommended,418370,29679932,Posted: 3 February,all,Sin~Ceer,"This game was n othing like I expected !!!!! I wasn't ready for a slow paced ....slow moving game ..with a lame story line ......... I was expecting more shooting and  team work killling zombies or some other bad guy, if that's what your looking for DO NOT purchase this game ....... this game is a poor attempt to a survival horror game .... in a nut shell  this is SUCKS !!"
76561197970894922,Not Recommended,418370,34610512,Posted: 30 August,all,The Merovingian,Garbage.  About as fun as the original Myst.  Basically a find the objects game.Some sections IMPOSSIBLE (birthday cake video for example) without a walkthrough.
,Not Recommended,418370,29652294,Posted: 2 February,all,NAViGaTR™,"Ive played this game for 134 hous on my other account and i am dissapointed on the lack of black characters in this game, i would have liked to see more of the sub human race die."
,Not Recommended,418370,29456420,Posted: 23 January,all,KillingArts,"No 21:9 support. Capcom ignores the last 3 years of PC tech development (and the many, many threads about this on the forum) and delivers a 16:9-only game. Sorry, this is not as much fun as it should be. I guess I have to wait for some random user to fix what Capcom was too lazy (and ignorant) to do. A shame, really..."
76561198093810568,Not Recommended,418370,32459083,Posted: 15 June,all,P a r t y b o y,Sucked
76561197964957305,Not Recommended,418370,30984620,Posted: 6 April,all,Burn in heaven,"No zombies, no gaints animals like spiders, no dogs. all you fight in this game are things called mold and they are lame i wish i ould get my money back cause i will never play this game again yet im playing resident evil 1 2 3 code veronica and the chronicles on rails were better then this. I wish i could get my money back"
,Not Recommended,418370,29473279,Posted: 24 January,all,Purps™,Radical except for the part where it eats all your RAM and freezes when the engine streams in new areas. Capcom pls fix.
76561198004299996,Not Recommended,418370,29885329,Posted: 12 February,all,wade8343323,This is the worst game in the series!!!!!!!!!!!! It is amazing how game companies can ♥♥♥♥ up a great thing!
,Not Recommended,418370,29608613,Posted: 31 January,all,m 4 -iwnl-,is like bad minecraft from 2003 dont buy bad trash game
76561198194429831,Not Recommended,418370,29474241,Posted: 24 January,all,NZ._.XT,game graphics are so bad
,Not Recommended,418370,29482219,Posted: 25 January,all,Steve French,"It's a walking sim with sparse scripted combat.If you were expecting a game like RE3-RE4, think again.Recommended if you enjoyed games like Outlast, Alien Isolation, and Amnesia."
76561198186424698,Not Recommended,418370,29570453,Posted: 29 January,all,# Mercedes TH,boring
76561197999072669,Not Recommended,418370,30322555,Posted: 4 March,all,parandroid,"Awful graphics engine, poor story line, expected a shooter got a♥♥♥♥♥♥puzzle game that is incoherent."
76561197977907007,Not Recommended,418370,29509651,Posted: 26 January,all,hydrostatic,"""This box is secured by tape that cannot be removed by hand"".... pretty indicative of the face desking stupidity entrenched in this game. I'm sorry, really can't get into a game that starts with a type written note from your wife, no signature.. and IT'S TOTALLY GOT TO BE HER! Fails to suspend my disbelief as far a I bothered. That and I can't pull an Ash VS the Evil Dead chainsaw hand within the first 20 minutes. No thanks.Again, TAPE! That I cannot remove by hand! Goddamn TAPE!"
76561197971114285,Not Recommended,418370,29456334,Posted: 23 January,all,Teknohead,Annoying .. done
,Not Recommended,418370,29476610,Posted: 24 January,all,𝖌𝖎𝖚𝖘𝖊𝖕𝖕𝖊,"It's kinda scary. There's some puzzles. I'm refunding it because it's more movie than game.Scary movies shouldn't cost $60. I'm not sure why people are comparing it to its precursors. This is more like a AAA version of Amnesia: The Dark Descent, with amazing graphics. I can find hardly anything that might compare it to the original resident evil."
,Not Recommended,418370,29455941,Posted: 23 January,all,alakeybrayn,No SLI support. I bought 2 gtx980 not for playing 720p medium graphic sheet.
76561198059745181,Not Recommended,418370,29804875,Posted: 9 February,all,yangyang_yang12,game is not bad but only have FPS?  have you consider about some ppl got FPS dizziness? why not try some have some thing like fallout can change to third persion view?
76561198078436995,Not Recommended,418370,29467797,Posted: 24 January,all,lucky7and21,Crashes everytime I play. Now I have to pray for a patch...Added: SSE 4.x thing just like the demo. They create a patch for the demo but neglect to add it to the full game at launch. More detail below.
,Not Recommended,418370,29463732,Posted: 24 January,all,OJ,NO AK NO RPG NO CODDDDDDDD
,Not Recommended,418370,29582916,Posted: 30 January,all,Watchdog,Very bad optimized unsupported game frequently lags gtx750ti 2gb ddr5 16gb ram amd a10 apu 4.10ghz.Not worth buying.
,Not Recommended,418370,34318826,Posted: 17 August,all,Tehjeffman,No 21:9 support... Literally unplayable.
76561197960598320,Not Recommended,418370,30475588,Posted: 12 March,all,mistalan,Finally I  found it! The worst game I´ve ever played in my whole life! And I´m playing video games for +3 decades now.
,Not Recommended,418370,34337314,Posted: 18 August,all,.MrPoopybutthole,Can't get passed the very first choice menu to create a save file because I have a random HID USB device plugged in so it decides to completely  disable the mouse + kb. ♥♥♥♥♥♥ console ports will be ♥♥♥♥♥♥ console ports.
,Not Recommended,418370,29456252,Posted: 23 January,all,N~,Thank god for steam refunds. I've had nothing but technical issues with this steaming pile of garbage. I have dual 980s and I am constantly getting framerate issues and crashes.
,Recommended,418370,29455589,Posted: 23 January,all,yeah its balenciaga bitch,spooky
,Not Recommended,418370,29455709,Posted: 23 January,all,Safety Alpaca,"Honestly this game is just ♥♥♥♥ing dogshit on my ♥♥♥♥ing screenEDIT: it got worseSECOND EDIT (rereview, after examining the evidence multiple times to recheck): its really badFINAL EDIT: since people dont seem to understand, the performance isnt bad it runs just fine the game is just dogshit you guys"
,Not Recommended,418370,29492117,Posted: 25 January,all,Revenge,⁢
,Not Recommended,418370,29459487,Posted: 24 January,all,IceSeeBoy,"If you are planning to stream this game using OBS on Youtube or Twitch DON'T DO IT!!! Also Make Sure You Have A GTX 1080 GPU. Honestly, I don't recommend buying AT ALL unless you're play at your leisure. Again, If you plan on streaming this game don't buy it on steam. You're Welcome!"
,Not Recommended,418370,29468814,Posted: 24 January,all,Zeph,"When I heard RE7 was coming out I rolled my eyes thinking of the last several releases. Then I saw the demo gameplay and turned around, first person (amazing), graphics (amazing), atmosphere (amazing), indoor Silent Hill....what is this. GHOSTS DON'T BELONG IN RESIDENT EVIL."
76561198068322595,Not Recommended,418370,29462248,Posted: 24 January,all,YourLocalMemeDealer,"Not sure about gameplay. didnt really get that far but everytime i moved or did anything it turned my monitor off, On the main menu it didnt let me exit, like it was trapping me in. Im actually still there now, the graphics on my gtx760 where terrible it was like looking through translucent glass but overall i give it a 11/10 for pure quality content, with a dashing of idubbbz talent, and a sprinkle of keemstars news reporting."
76561197970482328,Not Recommended,418370,29473994,Posted: 24 January,all,fjk1138,"Resident Evil: Isolation...Resident Evil Dead.....The Louisiana Resident Evil Chainsaw Massacre...Resident FEARvil....SOMAdent Evil.As a horror game, this does well.  As a Resident Evil game, it does not.The mood is awesome, the graphics and sound are very nice, and it's creepy for sure.  It rips off, err um... pays homage to...Texas Chainsaw Massacre (original and remake) and Evil Dead very blatantly, along with supernatural elements of the Fear games.  There's even what appears to be a minor nod toward a very pivotal Breaking Bad character in one particular scene.  But all of these elements feel more derivative than anything, and are not very original at all.Early parts of the game are best in terms of overall presentation.  Those sections feel the most Resident Evil-ish.  They also have the most puzzle elements.  It was definitely fun to experience new puzzles (as basic as they were) and progress through the game to see how they played out. But as the game progresses it loses that feel and gives a nod to/tips it hat toward/downright copies other stealth horror games (Alien Isolation and SOMA) instead of staying as a ""real"" RE game.In those other games, I always wished I had weapons...or had ones that actually did something worthwhile.  Well you finally get some here, but they don't do much good until the game says it's OK for them to.  Most of them handle like crap and feel as if they are not fully optimized or something - they feel very stiff, and combat pretty much sucks overall.  The selection of weapons was so basic I kept waiting for something more exciting to show up that never came.Walking and running are tediously slow and cumbersome.  Much of the game is shown through flashlights and tinted screen effects, which really get old after awhile.  In terms of horror, there is one creature that was the creepiest to me, but once the initial scares of the faceless creatures are done, they are just an annoyance rather than horrific.The boss battles leave a lot to be desired, and they only get more tedious to get through as the game progresses.  By the end, none of it was really exciting and I just wanted it done.What disappoints me more than anything though is that there are very minor references to the earlier games.  Those elements are so small, they shouldn't even have bothered - they really add nothing to the story or the overall series' timeline.  They should have just made this a standalone game with a completely original plot line instead.  The biggest major reference is at the end, but it didn't excite me...it just made me say one word:  ""Why?"".I feel like this game was a wasted opportunity.  It started off with promise and had a lot of potential, but by the end it fell flat.  It wasn't scary, it wasn't original, and it definitely is not worth replaying.  But at least it was better than RE6.Get it on sale or don't get it at all.Capcom better not screw up the RE2 remake, or I am done with this series. Forever.If this is the future of the series, then Resident evil is dead to me.Resident Evil:  RIP."
76561198010493577,Recommended,418370,30379616,Posted: 7 March,all,Lucania,"A wonderful return to its survival horror roots, a little on the short side if you know what to do, but if you take your time and explore on your first play-through the experience could last around 8 hours.  It also has some replay value, with Madhouse mode, and the DLC that's been coming out."
76561198130554241,Recommended,418370,30383469,Posted: 7 March,all,Emacncheese,Amazing game
,Recommended,418370,30398713,Posted: 8 March,all,Justice,That's one of the best games i've ever played for the past year.
,Recommended,418370,30404979,Posted: 9 March,all,Space Cowboy,"As a long time fan of the Resident Evil games, I feel I am allowed to say that RE7 plays and feels like the classic Resident Evil games but with modernized mechanics. Claustrophobic hallways, limited view (albeit first person); we're stuck in a mansion again, plenty of puzzles, special keys to find and go back through to find matching doors. The haters of this game are just that, haters. This is Resident Evil through and through. Though I am only 5 and a half hours in while writing this review, I feel compelled to say that Resident Evil fans shouldn't be discouraged from buying this because of mixed reviews. And I'm excited to see how this plot develops and how it's tied into the RE universe."
,Recommended,418370,30430916,Posted: 10 March,all,Pipe,"Dunno how to rate this game honestly, It was a really enjoyable experience while i played it and i played completely through the story without taking a break, but the replay value is a bit lacking, overall solid 8/10 honestly will see how the dlc goes"
76561198146566513,Recommended,418370,30428438,Posted: 10 March,all,Jaydoves,"Great game , it leaves you wanting more......urrrrrr"
76561198120549347,Recommended,418370,30431474,Posted: 10 March,all,brandon_cripps,"it's scary at first, but as you go you get more comfortable and it gets far less creepy. it's a good game, sadly, pretty much every scary scene is put in this trailer."
76561198355301603,Recommended,418370,30407897,Posted: 9 March,all,GT84Maestro,"Hi everyone !!!!It's 100% amazing from start to finish ! Am a Massive fan of the Resident Evil games and movies. Again the scare factor in this game is just great, well plenty of new undies much needed LOL..... gameplay is so replayable its a 10/10 for me just cant put it down when you get into this game. As for it's DLC's they also are a must to buy too very replayable. What else can i say THB is just simple BUY THIS GAME NOW !!!!!!"
76561198048931542,Recommended,418370,30470612,Posted: 12 March,all,Mr. Willie,<3
,Recommended,418370,30438288,Posted: 10 March,all,arnaoben,it was good
76561198050300133,Recommended,418370,29480832,Posted: 25 January,all,nex808gen,"A Resident Evil game that I have been waiting for. Everything from the graphics the gameplay and controls are on point. The game brings back memories of the first Resident Evil game, which to me was one of my favorites. I would recommend this game for any survival horror fan and deffinentily a fan of the Resident Evil franchise."
,Recommended,418370,30693065,Posted: 23 March,all,Gears Execution,10/10!!
,Recommended,418370,30695987,Posted: 23 March,all,JinX,"I was weary of the change to first person perspective, yet it really does make the game feel completely different than what we are use to! I love it! It has all the jumps, scares, and puzzles you would expect from a Resident Evil game, yet with the first person perspective, it gives it a much more 'chilling' feel. So good! GET THIS GAME!"
76561198113757114,Recommended,418370,30801568,Posted: 28 March,all,gonzo29_91,very good but too short
76561198331459231,Recommended,418370,30802903,Posted: 28 March,all,Pharaoh,"I couldnt take it, Had to refund. Im a ♥♥♥♥♥. Will buy again soon to give friends heart attacks in VR."
76561198065689366,Recommended,418370,30804534,Posted: 28 March,all,cogburn,"The best damn game Ive played in a looong time. Plays out alot like Texas Chansaw massacre IMO....Great Graphics {4K looks amazing}, sound {wear a headset for the full effect of the badass audio effects}, and gameplay. Old puzzles are back. Scary as hell - best horror - survival game out so far. Go ahead and get this one - You wont be dissapointed."
76561197961327623,Not Recommended,418370,29596612,Posted: 30 January,all,Hitatoumi Horaduku,"Hey guys ! just a big ♥♥♥♥ you ! this is Fraud .. i wish i was full of money just to sue you but . i guess you are bullet proof .. but i would do it just to♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥you off .. as i am .. when i tryed Resident 7 demo in VR .. no one said that you guys was going put a hold on PC VR ... no you guys told me : "" hey purchase that game at the cost of 160$ in pre order so you wont be able to play it in vr .... so ♥♥♥♥ you for that .. and since that game is release .. never been able to play it on my MSi gaming laptop .. So ♥♥♥♥ your game .. ♥♥♥♥ your compagny .. and be happy that i cant♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥you off more than i actually do bunch of retard"
,Recommended,418370,30785629,Posted: 27 March,all,Pilotrogers,"Overall: The Game is awesome, in part its a little too short but there is plenty of replay value and it brings you back to your roots from RE4Pros:-Game is awesome-First person shooter is great puzzle/ adventure/ action/ scary game-one of the most fun games I have played in a whileCons:-Some of the puzzles are too easy and far in between-Eathan is slow as Heck, I mean he is reall freaking slow yo"
,Recommended,418370,30788390,Posted: 28 March,all,bikkinush,"This game is actually terrifying, pretty ♥♥♥♥ing sweet."
76561198114326252,Recommended,418370,30454510,Posted: 11 March,all,koopa,If you love Silent Hill and classic Residnet Evil you will love this.
76561198010275927,Recommended,418370,30464913,Posted: 11 March,all,CARBOMB,One of the coolest horror games I've ever played.
76561198068845004,Recommended,418370,30459770,Posted: 11 March,all,azamen87,"My 1st playthrough i had to stop playing every 10-15 minutes, and rest about 5 minute.Thats how scary i think it is."
,Recommended,418370,30857158,Posted: 31 March,all,The Senate,Do It
76561198289040678,Recommended,418370,30855656,Posted: 31 March,all,kmmdmkl,<3
,Recommended,418370,30854863,Posted: 31 March,all,TOP KUYASHII,"WELCOME TO THE FAMILY SON32.2 hours in and I can recommend the game for full price which at 40$ is pretty cheap compared to other AAA games.I run a GTX 970 with i7-4790k and mostly everything is maxed out except for the texture settings since it makes the game stutter. Don't give a crap about Denuvo.Main game+ Gameplay, mechanics, and level design is amazing+ Character designs, animations ,and voice acting are top notch+ VERY speedrunnable if you care about that+ Madhouse difficulty changes things up significantly (think DS2 SOTFS)- Okay plot / story and structure- Regular / boring enemy designs? First time fighting bosses are good but its gets old after a few runs? Item unlocks that carry over every new gameDLC (March 31, 2017)BF vol 1:Nightmare - Arena mode as Clancy. I got in so far at 3/5 rounds.Bedroom - STORY DLC as Clancy. Very short if you're okay at puzzles.Ethan Must Die - Haven't touched this one yet but afaik you are in a modified scenario and you are one hit kill.BF vol 2:21 - Blackjack with ""cheat cards"" for both you and your opponent. So-so if you like blackjack otherwise it's meh.Daughters - STORY DLC as Zoe. Also very short if you're okay at puzzles.Jack's 55th Birthday - This game's raid mode. It's okay enough but if you can figure out which routes are the most efficient it can get old quick.Overall great entry to the RE series. Refreshes the formula completely and a turning point for the franchise."
76561198055846927,Recommended,418370,30854629,Posted: 31 March,all,tegancarter,Really enjoyed this one!
,Not Recommended,418370,29610321,Posted: 31 January,all,Snippets,"First of all  I was so god damn hyped when I heard about the game. Couldn't believe they are really doing another Resident Evil. But what I expected was a good third person RE connected to the storyline (No RE6 shooter ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t).However what I got was a game called RE7, a good game but without any prequels.My review will heavily base on my own opinion from what I was expecting to get.PROS:+ great Atmosphere  (pretty scary)+ they brought back the old design of RE, that means there are puzzles (not very hard tho), you're struggling with item management and the good old ""safe room"" feeling is in the game.+ game makes a lot fun to play - I really enjoyed playing this game+ awesome epilogue+ 2 different endingsCONS:- Bad Story overall (no connection to the main story of RE); There may be more explanations to the story in the dlc tapes but I won't count that since it's not part of the main game- first person- no connection to the main game at all (it's a different game). The  Umbrella sign and a really weird version of Chris Redfield do appear but that was ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t to be honest.- Only 2 types of enemies: The Bakers and some other type of monsters (excluding the bugs)- no Zombies- DLC'S (seriously capcom ♥♥♥♥ off adding a 30€ Season pass to a full 50€ game)- short game- i need to add the Story part again because the story is very shallow- When the boat part starts the game really gets bad- WORST END BOSS EVER!!!! (the ending overall was very disappointing)I really enjoyed playing this game it's not bad. But it is not a Resident Evil game which really disappointed me."
,Recommended,418370,30874960,Posted: 1 April,all,Euwrecker,"10/10 game, but Aunt Rhody boss when?They keep telling me not to tell Aunt Rhody but when is she going to come for my♥♥♥♥♥Is Aunt Rhody DLC? I Thought  Aunt Rhody was wheelchair lady but apparently she was little girl?Is """"""Chris Redfield"""""" going to go in the house take Aunt Rhody down? Is this why he's ""Not a Hero""?Really activates my almonds just thinking about it."
76561198222322440,Recommended,418370,30892452,Posted: 1 April,all,^ oo ^,One of the best horror games so far. Jumpscare is less intense than atmosphere.
,Recommended,418370,30890212,Posted: 1 April,all,Gary The Metrosexual Fruitcake,Stands as probably my favourite horror game of recent memory. Fully worth purchasing.
,Recommended,418370,30864661,Posted: 31 March,all,Greggonator,"This game is the first Resident Evil game I played to completion. I'm not a huge fan of Resident Evil games(RE4 aside), but this one I give praise to. I am not only VERY impressed by the game design and story telling, but also by the pacing. This game has given me my much needed hope for this franchise since Resident Evil 4."
,Recommended,418370,30883619,Posted: 1 April,all,pantas007,I only played this game a few hours and my nerves can´t take it anymore. It´s awesome. I had to turn on the light and talk to my cat and I´m a grown axx man! Need to take a break now.10/10 would scram like a little girl again!
,Recommended,418370,29487887,Posted: 25 January,all,Pim #Baby Mario,10/10 best resident evil I have played to date completed game 5k 80+ fps 4/2/2017the only issues I have with the game are it feels a bit short and no co-op
,Recommended,418370,30909297,Posted: 2 April,all,EeStew,This is the Resident Evil game I've wanted for years.
76561197970600723,Recommended,418370,30910419,Posted: 2 April,all,[[Soozey]],"Disclaimer: No spoilersNow that's how you make a Resident Evil game.It combines the creepy mansion aspect of RE1 with the unrelenting tension of a monster that keeps coming back to life of RE3, and the good controls of... well... a game that isn't Resident Evil. There's also a decent amount of things that remind you of the eerie unreleased Resident Evil 3.5. If you prefer Resident Evil 4, 5 and 6, you won't like this game. However if you like 1,2 and 3, it might just be for you. Its gameplay is almost identical to the first game with the only difference being the perspective.Rig:-Windows 7 Pro 64-bit-Intel Core-i5 4670K @ 3.9GHz-Nvidia GeForce GTX 760 (4GB)-8GB RAM-AOC G2460F 144Hz @ 1280x720 (Yeah I wanted a better framerate)The expected:►Fully rebindable controls►Field of view can be adjusted. Capped at 90°►Very few quicktime events, and with sensible controlsThe good:▲Good amount of graphical options to balance performance with visuals▲Supports high framerates with no problems▲Separate sensitivity options for looking and aiming▲Interlaced rendering mode gives massive performance boost with little visual impact▲Combat, exploration and mechanics are virtually identical to Resident Evil 1...▲...however it doesn't suffer from RE1's bad controls. So best of both worlds▲Flow of levels and variety in environments follows the same formula as RE1. Mansion, old house, suddenly something entirely different▲First person perspective allows secrets to be hidden in any little nook. Players can't just run into bushes mashing the ""activate"" -button hoping to vacuum in some extra items▲Good use of immortal enemies that the player must avoid or flee from▲Very well balanced resource scarcity. You never have an abundance of anything▲Difficulty setting changes everything, from item placements to enemy encounters and save mechanics▲Aiming is just difficult enough so you'll have to make every shot count, but not so hard that it could be described as bad controls▲Nearly all of RE1's weapons return in some form, changed to fit the setting so the more exotic ones aren't out of place▲The ridiculous puzzles that the series is known for are for the first time justified in the story▲Story features a new biohazard that manages to actually be interesting despite including some overused tropes▲Every location is gorgeous and intricately detailed, with extremely realistic-looking materials and beautiful lighting. And I'm not even playing on high settings▲Exposition via interactive videotapes is an interesting concept that the game uses very effectively▲Best map system in the series so far▲Very beefy weapon sounds. Good sound design overall▲None of those stupid arcade modes like Mercenaries or Raid.▲Apparently there's going to be a free expansion DLC. Huh.The bad:▼Mandatory antialiasing. FXAA is the lowest setting.▼Enemies have boring visual design▼Worst ""save room"" music in the series▼Can't open doors towards yourself. This results in enemies being able to block doors from the other side▼Long unskippable cutscenes▼Relies too much on body horror and repulsive content, expecting players to be disturbed by it▼Scripted jumpscares▼Repetitive simple puzzles▼Resident Evil still doesn't seem to be able to let go of some kind of an economy system where the player must ""buy"" things with a currency of some kind▼Explosive-trapped item crates in set locations. You can waste ammo to avoid damage by shooting them instead, or you could just memorize them. If the idea was to force players to spend valuable ammo, the traps should have been randomized▼Some pretty bad plot holes▼Absurd binary choice that affects the ending. One of the choices is never justified in any way, even though it very easily could have been▼Almost feels like some sections of levels rely on the player exploiting enemy spawning and despawning▼Mechanically terrible end boss fight▼Some glitches in lipsynching▼That is NOT a Louisiana accent, Zoe. Nobody on the planet has that accent. Stop it.▼First game in the series to not feature any of those unrealistically attractive waifus :("
,Recommended,418370,30786891,Posted: 27 March,all,[BAMF]OG,"Suspense, horror, jump-scares, and an interesting story made me never want to put this down. Think of psychological horror of Silent Hill, mixed in with classic Resident Evil elements (save rooms, limited carrying capacities, herbs, ect.), and now in First Person Shooter (FPS) style. At first I was a bit disappointed with it not being a classic moaning zombies dragging their feet around type of game, but man, this is a whole different level of fright and amazement.Note: highly enjoyed using a PS4 dual shock controller with this. The rumble feature added frightening intensity to the jump scare moments! Also, it was way more comfortable than a keyboard + mouse setup for a game like this (and this is coming from a keyboard + mouse enthusiast)."
,Recommended,418370,29458222,Posted: 24 January,all,</BooBoo>,"RE7 is bum clenching tenseIn the past 3 hours of playing Resident Evil 7 ive went through 2 bog rolls and had several woman like screams.I would personally recommend it in its current state, sure there is a few frame rate dips and textures can look abit fuzzy at times. However, it really does not bother me as you will be running away for your life the majority of the time.PC specs listed belowI7 4790KGTX 980Ti16GB RAM500GB SSD"
,Recommended,418370,29479920,Posted: 25 January,all,RapToX,Pure Resident Evil feeling !
,Recommended,418370,32723998,Posted: 24 June,all,digitalformula,"Man, that was absolutely freakin' spectacular.  As someone that's not really a big gamer and having never played any RE game before (plus not playing games at all for *years*), this totally blew me away.The atmospherics are awesome, the storyline is horrifying and the haunting and ethereal soundtrack absolutely made this game.There have been some reviews that aren't so positive which makes me wonder what gamers expect these days.  Still, I loved this game from start to end and can't even imagine what it would be like on Madhouse difficulty ..."
,Recommended,418370,32759111,Posted: 24 June,all,the_grassninja,"Thought this would be more like an Outlast clone than a mainline RE title, but was pleasantly surprised to be wrong in that assumption. Really solid game, more in line with the original games. Definitely worth checking out."
76561198079451724,Recommended,418370,32834101,Posted: 26 June,all,TeenageMetalLord,"You know, I'm glad I caught this game onsale for 35.99$ for the fact that I have 50-50 opinions on this.I like the gameplay, love the story, the graphics, but after playing for a few hours it's almost just some ghetto-hall-crawl, making you get items and cards to go to new areas, having a few obnoxious monsters thrown in your path with low ammo. Other then those factors, I really enjoyed the game. Glad I got to take about 9 hours and explore and do everything I wanted.-I wouldn't recomment paying full price for the game because tbh there's no way i'd have payed any more then 50$ for it.-"
,Recommended,418370,32842779,Posted: 26 June,all,NOTICE ME SENPAI,was welcomed to the family by a very nice and very normal family.they even fed me.10/10 hospitality experience simulator
,Recommended,418370,32741316,Posted: 24 June,all,This is Gary Huang,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥HORRIBLEBUT I LIKE ITScared me half to dead at night while I am playing!10/10
,Recommended,418370,32888598,Posted: 27 June,all,100PORSSENTO JESUS,"What a game, I´m a huge fan of RE´s series, and this one can be considered an evolution, horror mixed with the actual tecnology, just beautiful."
76561198052270970,Recommended,418370,32889248,Posted: 27 June,all,Dakota3600,"Pros-Really good gameGreat Story, amazing storyGreat Graphics and DetailSolid Mix of stealth and combatScavenging is a mustPuzzle type game similar to the other R.E. gamesCons-No Jumping (Not needed nor do i care, but noted)No ADS (Aim down sight) I really wish they had the option would have helped the gameplaySorta short, 10Hrs to complete and wasnt blazing thru really took the time to search and get into the story.Bottom Like-Very great game, if you like the other RE games you will love this one. Get it with its on Summer sale! I do think it should stay at $35. or $40 ish. $60 is a bit of a stretch but its still new. Very good game, after completing you can go back on harder difficulty like the other RE. Yes id recommend"
,Recommended,418370,32889640,Posted: 27 June,all,Amer1canZach,"The best resident evil game since 4, and this might be better"
,Recommended,418370,29595691,Posted: 30 January,all,Bille Joe Jimbob,"Ótimo laxante natural, vira o corredor e pá. Recomendo muito melhor que Activia"
,Recommended,418370,32725889,Posted: 24 June,all,HereComesRooster,"The game has a lot more of the elements of survival that fans of the original RE games will enjoy.  Not a run n gun like RE4, 5, etc.  Simply put, if you were a fan of the original RE games, you will most likely enjoy this.  I will also say that it gets a slight silent hill vibe in terms of the imagery."
76561198049490317,Recommended,418370,32735197,Posted: 24 June,all,Archive,"This game is bada$$. Im not one for horror or gets scared very easily. Heck its difficult as as a motha. BUT it is a great new, refreshing view on the series. I just wish you could punch or defend yourself by fighting back. Just adds to the difficulty of the game. Oh boy I cannot wait till I get further into it."
76561198080990326,Recommended,418370,32735214,Posted: 24 June,all,Slayer_Grant,Fun with many jumpscares to keep you on the edge of your seat!!!
76561198057419017,Recommended,418370,32952590,Posted: 28 June,all,snaketk421,awsome really enjoyed it welcome back resident evil if your a fan or even if your not pick this up its a great experience
,Recommended,418370,32951920,Posted: 28 June,all,Pradoke,"Great game! It's different from the line adopted in the previous games of the franchise. However it has beautiful graphics, a good gameplay and the plot is very engaging!I recommend it, worth the money!"
76561198126951950,Recommended,418370,32966637,Posted: 28 June,all,MarioPawn,"Took me 13.5 hrs to beat the game and i unlocked most of the guns. Honestly i loved this game. i barely played Resident Evil 5 because it was just terrible. but this, this reminds me of 1 and 2. really worth $48.00. the environment is just amazing making everything immersive."
76561198019035889,Recommended,418370,32955515,Posted: 28 June,all,bassaly,"Hi everyone,I will not say anything about the game, except that it is awesome and creepy. But there is one thing I need to tell you:YOU MUST PLAY THIS IN VR !!!If you have a HTC Vive or Oculus Rift, this is a definite must. It works fantastic with the vorpX tool. While the outside area in the beginning is just good, the inside areas are really stunning. Here it comes clear why VR is not just like a big display. It is a different way of entertainment. Although you still go with mouse and keyboard, the head tracking cooperates well. And the menus are corrupt in 3D, but as vorpX allows to switch to cinema mode at any time, you have no problem here, either.Right now I am still in an early phase of the game but I will work my way through it and for sure will not flip back to the flat screen.As a bottom line: If you're really up to computer games, this is an excellent example of the scope of this hobby. I am in this since more than 30 years now and it is amazing how amazing it still is. Is there any other passion, that blows you away like this after such a long time?"
76561198157115745,Recommended,418370,32972144,Posted: 28 June,all,Mischief,fun but a little mouse lag
,Recommended,418370,33068240,Posted: 30 June,all,tehmass™,resident evil is a must have for any story line geeek
76561198338516541,Recommended,418370,32245123,Posted: 7 June,all,shannon.dean.taylor,"RecommendedI have been a RE fan since the original came out. My favortites are RE 0 - 4, now 7. I have skipped over RE titles that can't get it back to the original feel of the game.I played the first 10 minutes of RE 6 and said hell no. Not that i it doesnt look great, but there is a feel of overdoing a simple design. That is NOT the impressrion of RE7.I played the DEMO before purchasing RE7. I have been putting off playing the DEMO since its release, looking at what others have said, bug fixes, etc.. I played the DEMO for 10 minutes, mostly comparing GRAPHIC Quality Settings, because I was sold on RE7 the first 3 minutes of the DEMO. I immeadiately bought this game, knowing it wasnt going to be like any other RE title.There are issues with the game for existing and original RE fans. Put those issues aside. Take the ""Resident Evil"" out of the title and play  the game for what it is, a well polished zombie horror game. Dont compare it to other RE titles."
76561198037222913,Recommended,418370,29551909,Posted: 28 January,all,M O X I Ξ,Spoopi game
,Recommended,418370,29551959,Posted: 28 January,all,Akaru,"So far I'm loving this game. I'm so glad that Capcom changed course and went a different route cause the last couple games in the franchise were (in my opinion) very bland and repetitive. This game takes a few things from great movies like TCM and The Hills Have Eyes, it also borrows from Outlast, and Evil Within and mixed it all together to give you this great game.It's a return to what made the series great to begin with and I couldn't be happier!8.5 / 10Very much recommended!"
,Recommended,418370,29557015,Posted: 28 January,all,Brooksey,"Great game. The sound is fantastic which is compulsory in a survival horror.  It definitely reminds me of the original Resident Evil games, with a nice twist of an FPS genre. In my opinion, this is what Resident Evil does best and should stick to this genre, that they and silent hill created so well. Felt like there could've been a little more character progression but its fine with what it has. This game also manages to hit many cliches in the horror genre which I kinda love. I felt like some of the story was a little unoriginal but that doesn't take away from the stunning horror experience it provides. Arguably the best Resident Evil I have ever played. Since the first one is one of my favourite games of all time, this definitely provides a familiar feeling at times.Graphics:     9/10Sound:         10/10Story:           7/10Fear Factor: 9/10Overall:       8.5/10I would 100% recommend this game if you are a fan of Resident Evil 1 and 2, or a fan of survival horror in general. Even if you got money to spare, maybe its worth your money. Congrats on a great game developers."
,Recommended,418370,29557049,Posted: 28 January,all,A burnt piece of toast,Holy ♥♥♥♥....After finishing Resident Evil 7 for the first time thats all I can say it is such an amazing game with twists and an amazing plot that gripped me from the start and kept me playing. If you are new to Resident Evil or horror games as a whole this is an amazing place to start with brutal gameplay and hard but rewarding gun play followed by horrifying enemies I loved this game from start to finish the only thing I can say I didnt really enjoy was near the end of the game in order to try and keep the game scary (It is still scary just not as much as at the start!) they just throw more enemies at you however aside from this small issue I all and all found this game amazing9/10 Amazing must buy for Resident Evil and Horror fans alike!
76561198203687033,Recommended,418370,29557111,Posted: 28 January,all,Gay Waffle,"One of the best games ever so far, ive played many games on many different systems in my life, however, this game is already one of my all time fav. games.-inteanse-horrifying-chilling-fun-great graphics-awesome gameplay-great sounds-perfect atmosphere-difficulti could go on and on and on about this game9/10a downside-the game is not very good at telling you things, such as where items are located and what to do.otherwise a great game!"
,Recommended,418370,29557150,Posted: 28 January,all,Xritsken,"Game is sufficiently scary, Its first person and brings back the thrill and fear that the original Resident Evils brought out in our young minds. Definitely give this a go if you are interested in feeling at least on some level- Terror."
76561198255485583,Recommended,418370,29557214,Posted: 28 January,all,ToxicXelta,"Fantastic installment to the series, best horror game I've played since 'The Evil Within' for sure, decently long for a FPS horror game, finished the game with 9 hours and 48 minutes of total play-time on Normal, that's with almost all of the collectables and such. Game does have some performance issues, stutters when loading certain areas and such, but that will probably be patched soon. Only downside is the boss fights are very simple, they actually get easier later on in the game as it becomes more about aiming at particular areas, and shooting until done, rinse and repeat.Overall I'd give RE7 a 9/10, which is the highest I've even scored a game in some years. Music and ambience is absolutely amazing too, some of the nail biting rock that plays during some boss fights is great, and sound makes you think there is danger always around the corner, definitely play with headphones or you will miss so much added sound."
,Recommended,418370,29557406,Posted: 28 January,all,amplecti tenebris,"I'm a simple man of simple needs. When I kill things, I think them to stay dead....""Inventory Management Simulator 2017""/10"
,Recommended,418370,29565786,Posted: 29 January,all,Curlfageen,"this is one of the scariest RE series so far, i hate all the previous series but this one, this one is different this one has a good gameplay,good story and yes jumpscare i love this game so much xd"
,Recommended,418370,29565994,Posted: 29 January,all,The Time of History,"I want to love this game, but ONE ♥♥♥♥ING SECTION (those who have finished it will know what I speak of) forced me to lower my love for it. Despite the scares do wear off during the course of the game, parts 1 and 3 of the game stand as the efforts that Capcom did try to make RE7 the ""return to the roots"" they promised, and hooo-boy those parts are the best of the game.Beyond that, it runs amazingly smooth, and I only encountered one bug (a minor audio bug) during my course through the game.All in all, this is the best Resident Evil since 4. While that's not much of a compliment consider 5-6, it's certainly worth buying, but not at this full retail price. I'd say wait for it to go down a bit, maybe once they release the DLC in spring they might make a sale. Considering the length of the story, I'd say it's $40 in total."
,Recommended,418370,29566028,Posted: 29 January,all,[TG] Saultyevil,"First two thirds of the game, very good. Last third of the game, kind of dull (surplus of ammo and inventory space resulted in it becoming a corridor shooter)."
,Recommended,418370,29574683,Posted: 29 January,all,froginadog,A touching story about family.
,Recommended,418370,29575344,Posted: 29 January,all,ApocolypticDrew,"As a long time fan of the Resident Evil series, I was contemplating just avoiding this game seeing as how every time capcom tries to change the way the game is played it takes away from the horror and suspense. That being said, Resident EVII_ is a great addition to the franchise. Not only has it gone back to the roots of being locked in a mansion with little to no defense and having to solve puzzles and rely on your fight or flight reflex, it hits the mark and then some. Being in first person only affects veteran players momentarily because it is easily becomes natural after only a series of about 30 minutes. Furthermore, if you manage to brave the thrills that lay within the Baker estate you may just find out how it fits into the franchise as the seventh official installment into the franchise and it will leave you hungry for more. Can't wait for the DLC as well as when VR compatability comes to pc in 2018. Hopefully they stick with this formula and Res 8 is just as good. 11/10"
76561198032292433,Recommended,418370,29570841,Posted: 29 January,all,s i c,"Holy freakin' sh*t!Spoiler-free review aheadTL;DR: BUY THIS GAME IF YOU WANT TO BE AFRAID!Quick facts:UPSFantastic AtmosphereGreat charactersOldschool inventory managementOldschool save-systemBeautiful graphicsImmersive sound-designDOWNSStuttering issuesQuite short (~11hours on first playthrough)Low enemy varietyI was struggeling with myself if I should buy this game or not after I played the demo in December. Not because the demo was bad but because it scared me nearly to death. Yep, I can't handle games like this. ;)One day before release I decided to buy the game and, oh boy, it was one of the best decisions of my gaming-carreer.This game got me from the first second on. The visuals are just stunning, everything looks so damn real. The lighting creates a great atmosphere. Only the lighting? Of course not! The sounddesign in this game is extraordinary great, I honestly never experienced something like this before. The great combination of visuals, sound and dramatic music create an atmosphere that is almost touchable. It sucks you in and won't let you go.It also is the atmosphere that is responsible for the massive scares that made me throw away my controller and headset several times. I'll be honest, I can't handle jumpscares. But there is a difference between not being able to handle jumpscares and being absolutely terrified. The game manages perfectly to keep the tension at max.Even all the time between the jumpscares the game kept me in pure horror just by the sounds.Another great thing about the game are the characters. Every character is believable. The voice acting of the english version is amzingly done, nothing to complain about that.One thing Idocomplain about is the stuttering. It really isn't game-breaking but it is there and you should know about it. In the first half I experienced some stuttering everytime I entered a new area. In the second half the stuttering was gone.Besides from that the game is techically brilliant because it runs smoothly on almost maxed out settings on my computer, which isn't really high end. (Specs below)Do I reccomend to buy the game and why?I absolutely recommend to buy this game if:(a) You have 50€ to spare(b)You liked Resident Evil 1 & 2(c)You want to experience the new standard for atmospheric game design(d)You don't have any cardial problems (seriously, you might die)I really hope this review made you buy the game and get scared. If it did please give it a thumbs up. :)SPECSAMD FX63008GB RAMAMD RX480 (4GB VRAM)OCZ 120GB SSDWIN 10"
76561198218678661,Recommended,418370,29571888,Posted: 29 January,all,Balex,im a brazy frog and i approve of this game
76561198005082908,Recommended,418370,29572755,Posted: 29 January,all,ChowChillaCharlie,Resident Evil is back.
,Recommended,418370,29574514,Posted: 29 January,all,Cela,"A return to the series' roots, even if it takes a new perspective. Would have preferred more difficult puzzles and some greater enemy variety, but those are pretty minor complaints against how well they have nailed the oppressive atmosphere."
76561198074944912,Recommended,418370,29574547,Posted: 29 January,all,xwalicex,Ive been waiting for a game like this!
,Recommended,418370,29574854,Posted: 29 January,all,harveydentcanwetrusthim,"Resident Evil 7 so far is the biggest surprise of 2017.  I know we're still in the month of January, but hear me out for a moment.Resident Evil 7 was one of the few games I didn't know much about, Capcom it seems kept this project very close to the chest.  RE7 takes risks in its gameplay, not only has it deviated from its run and shoot formula, it's location  type, gameplay, and choice of enemies is very unique to the series, and I'm happy to say the gamble seems to have paid off due to the commercial success of RE7.After defeating the first boss fight with relative ease, I began to feel a sense of triumph and quickly headed off to explore other parts of the house.It wasn't until the boss I (thought I) killed walked into the bathroom knocked me to the ground, and began to heal instantlythat I felt a real sense of gloom.  After whichI managed to put him down, and once again after a couple of minutes he awakened from his snooze to chase me around the house.This is the moment I realized RE7 is a much different than its previous entries.  ***Finished the 2nd boss and will update later***"
76561198224875232,Recommended,418370,29574952,Posted: 29 January,all,brokenfairy15,Best Resident Evil.
76561197962443700,Recommended,418370,33060465,Posted: 30 June,all,Xev,"Great game for horror fans and IMO what resident evil should be, First Person, atmospheric and lots of bowel loosening moments. Superb GFX and great gamepley to boot."
,Recommended,418370,33036745,Posted: 30 June,all,Bizkit,It is a very thrilling and adrenaline packed game with many scares and puzzles just like the other resident evil games!
76561198323463669,Recommended,418370,33302084,Posted: 5 July,all,MASTODON,This game is really fun but I will mention not for the faint of heart when it comes to disturbing. Major twist in the game. Thumbs up for sure.
76561198135477719,Recommended,418370,33426634,Posted: 10 July,all,JetPortal,"Few games have ever been able to truly terrify me. Some disappointments including Alien: Isolation (a frustration rather than a scare) to Dead Space 3. The opening level in this game was enough to make me need to take a break and recouperate with a friend. Many of the pros of this game include its beauiful texturing and sound. This, however, is probable cause for one of its only flaws. The periodical lag spike. Many recent patches have from both the developers as well as graphics driver updates have lessened this, but this game is a little hard to run for a lot of set-ups. Other than that the game is stunning."
76561198183610257,Recommended,418370,33403775,Posted: 9 July,all,聖光氣之初學者 hugopokeOP,"Unlike the others RE games ,this is a first person view ,the story is beatiful , unlike RE 6 , thats stroy was tooooooooo complicated , boss fight was very well done , didnt like the Eveline boos fight though ,too simple ,and in the main game,so many thing is still a mystery,i really hope the DLC ""Not a Hero"" explain it allIf you like the old RE games,the would be fairly new for you ,quite a few jump scares in this game so watch outstory wise , here's my rating(only the main games)RE7>RE5>RE6>RE4>RE2>RE1>RE0>RE3My favorite story-----less favoriteThere is just so many ""OMG...Really?!"" points in RE7I liked it a lot"
,Recommended,418370,33401204,Posted: 9 July,all,DevilGamer>:) || SkinHub.com,high quality game and i really liked this game
,Recommended,418370,29490359,Posted: 25 January,all,metrosexual fruitcake Gary,"this is LEGENDARY. I Love this game. Its not very hard like originals nor very easy, you still have to walk around and explore stuff and use your brain. Atmospheric. Love the mansion and setting. Still not finished, Anyway i recommend, but i am RE series fan so..."
,Recommended,418370,33496057,Posted: 12 July,all,realfreddykruger,"terrifying, an actual survival horror game, unlike  everything after RE 2. the first person really makes it a terrifying experience."
,Recommended,418370,33491817,Posted: 12 July,all,Thymianoid,"I'm very surprised with this entry. I think I'm a little more than halfway through the game, and the tension can get thick. I haven't experienced this level of suspense with a Resident Evil game since the third game in the series. Way to bring it back to its roots, Capcom!"
76561198214389829,Recommended,418370,33529590,Posted: 13 July,all,GlitchySquid,"TLDR at bottom,Highly reccomended for any horror fan, I'm not particularly knowledgable of the previous games (only playing RE 1,4&5), but I'm terms of horror, this is really well made. You don't need much history aside from the easter egg at the end to really understand the plot, so anyone is welcome to play and not be lost. There are a few gripes however. The game tends to be really slow at first, picks up, then slows down again near the end (aside from the climax). In particular, there is a ship level that you have to essentially beat twice, and the layout is already maze-like, so its really easy to get lost and confused. There are also the uncanny face models and lack of lip synchronization near the end of the game (the devs were prob rushing). It's obviously the japanese lip synch with english just dubbed over it. Lastly, the bactracking is a huge pain imo, but its absolutley nessecary to get the best weapons. You can easily spend 3 out of 8 hours just backtracking for the repair kits, key doors, chem fluid for ammo then have to put items away in the crate and circle back, etc.etc., but these are nitpicks, the game is soild, with a good HUD, minimalist style to not distract, and very clever placements of monsters to scare you even if you played multiple times.Pros:-Honestly scary, even with weapons-The game stands on its own (no need for knowledge of previous titles)-Great minimalistic style-Awesome after game items-Highly replayable (every difficulty has a different layout)-Awesome Extra Content-Great twist endingCons:-Uncanny face models, Mia in particular-Has slow/tedious moments (you have to beat a certain level twice)-Backtracking is mandatory for best items-Strange lip sync issues near the end"
76561198070991917,Recommended,418370,33529801,Posted: 13 July,all,da300709,Wow. just wow. I have been a fan of the RE series since the original for playstation. Never have i experienced such nostalgia  with a whole new twist. The first person is an awesome new twist. I've been playing this in a completely dark room with surround sound headphones and I have been♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants since the beginning of the game. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.
,Recommended,418370,33333260,Posted: 6 July,all,Mr. Matt,"A Preface of Cringey Hesitation Thanks to RE6After Resident Evil 6, I didn't buy 7 at launch, having lost a significant bit of faith in the franchise. 6 was the inevitable result of the developer taking 5's too-heavy action leanings (I love 5 but acknowledge it's a poor direction for the series), and turning everything up to 11 until it's just an ear-bleeding din of too many playable characters, no horror, and a giant boss that just felt desperate how big it was, and another that was just a face-palmingly non-sensical Transformer. It took me 3 different attempts at getting through all of RE 6 before I finally forced myself to finish, and I honestly never plan on touching it again, so 7 was something I just wasn't interested in...man, I'm glad I took the plunge and finally gave 7 a go.Graphics/Art DesignGraphically, if you don't have a video card that meets the recommended specs, certain things in the game will look a little weird, like hair, and certain things will be a little blurry (even without motion blur), but the game looked good enough on my GeForce 770 for me to get by. Artistically, however, my video card didn't hold things back at all. The visual design itself of the game was great, with characters who looked more like real people and less like someone went down an anime character trope checklist like the series seemed to be going for previously. I would dare say only one character was a massive trope, and there's a very cool late-game twist that I didn't see coming until a few minutes before the reveal. The decrepit southern home and other locales were disturbingly creepy to be in from a visual standpoint, though there's more to these things than just how it looks...Sound/Voice ActingWorking in concert with the look of the game, the sound effects are excellent, and they round out the spookiness of the environment. The look and sound of the locations had me nervous as I went along, inching forward, listening carefully for sounds that might signal impending danger. The voice-acting was handled well. I'm from the American south, and the voices sounded believable and not like silly cartoon versions of southerners, which is nice for immersion.StoryRE7's plot has more twists than I've ever seen before in an RE game, which i found to be very fun. There are some nice clues that typically don't give too much away, but might help you figure something out and be surprised at your own revelation a few minutes before the reveal, or the surprise will completely blind-side you. Both of these happened to me, and I loved it each time. I only have 3 complaints about the story: 1. You are viewing what your main character views, but the game cuts out an entire scene which he has no excuse for forgetting, and it vastly changes how you should feel about certain characters. 2. There is a choice you have to make which determines your ending, and I think it was handled poorly because you aren't given enough information to make a good decision and doing the most selfless thing gives what most consider the ""bad"" ending. 3. Regardless of your choice, one character just drops out of the game completely, despite being quite important. I'm hoping upcoming DLC or a sequel will address it, because that character is probably my favorite character in RE7. These are pretty minor complaints, though. Over all, I think this is my favorite RE plot to date.GameplayThis is the meat of the game. People sneer at first person shooters, but it's an excellent perspective for immersion, and your own character doesn't block the view.  This means tank controls are gone, though it's compensated sufficiently by having your movement speed cut down while you're aiming guns, and ammo, though not terribly scarce, is in short enough supply that I found myself resorting to the knife in most fights (though I wish I hadn't in retrospect...there really is enough ammo). You get a new knife late-game, and it's glorious, allowing for easy kills, but the early-game knife is just terrible. My favorite weapons were the shotguns, and they feel quite powerful when you land a perfect headshot up close.The opening hour of the game (your first run if you're not going fast) might be kind of a drag. It has little to no Resident Evil gameplay (weird puzzles, gunplay against slow-moving monsters, inventory management, etc., and mostly consists of wandering around a creepy environment designed to milk jump scares out of you. I found myself getting drowsy until nearly the climax of the opening, at which things get good and stay really good until you complete the game, so I definitely suggest sticking with it if the very opening is dull and doesn't feel very Resident-Evil-y for you.RE7 features sneaking, which is only in very specific locations and very, very, very few enemies will not notice you immediately, meaning you will be running away or fighting almost everything in the game. If you hear ""RE7 has sneaking,"" don't go thinking that this is a stealth game, because it's not, and the stealth is just kinda okay.Puzzles are back, baby, and so are the locked doors you'll get themed keys to unlock. Nothing is terribly complicated, though one puzzle was rather awesome and I think Jigsaw would approve. You can watch an interactive video tape and use what you learn from that to change the outcome of your own dealings with that puzzle, which felt incredibly satisfying for me.This game had less bosses than some RE games, but that's a good thing. RE6 had piles of boss fights and more combat than you could shake a stick at. This game is a return to form for Resident Evil, feeling closer to something between RE1 and RE4, with 1's map design and puzzles, and 4's sensible combat without going full-on action game.Some folks take issue with the game being short. There's an achievement for finishing in under 4 hours, though it took me over 14. Granted, I did only heal 3 times because I was such an item tightwad, and kept getting killed. I honestly prefer shorter games that last a handful of hours to an experience that drags on for the sake of padding out run-time, so RE7 has won my appreciation in that regard, having great content without stretching it out and diminishing the well-paced structure of the game.ConclusionNot everyone will love the game, but I really enjoyed it and I feel like Resident Evil is back and fun again. As an entry in the series, I recommend it alongside great stuff like the REmake, 2, and 4. It feels a little weird, especially during that first hour which just feels like a horror game with jump scares and nothing more, but when the Resident Evil locked doors and map exploration starts up, things gotreallyfun for me, and I hope it will for you as well."
76561198003528144,Recommended,418370,33575721,Posted: 15 July,all,dickcheese,good game
76561198313986354,Recommended,418370,33580089,Posted: 16 July,all,♥♥Cass♥♥,i like it <3
,Recommended,418370,33606882,Posted: 17 July,all,Dustypants,Best Resident Evil I have played in a long time.*Brought back the horror. And the anxiety of wondering what's around the corner.*Puzzles*A story worth listening and/or watching if it wasn't a game.*Bonus stuff. Collectables to hunt.
76561198272337929,Recommended,418370,29573815,Posted: 29 January,all,SureFires15,This game is fantastic! I would recommend it to anyone who loves being chased around a abandoned house by psychopathic Hillbillies.
76561198114473806,Recommended,418370,33621704,Posted: 17 July,all,Argos Rho,"Really fun game with great mood/setting and finally delivers a new approach for Resident Evil fans. Graphics and sounds are great.Buuuuut ... there's that running thing. You simply can't run. I think the MC broke his leg or was shot and never fully recovered. He just limps around, advertising a super easy meal for zombies and the sticks folk. There a sprint add-on? This game needs one x.x"
,Recommended,418370,30546533,Posted: 16 March,all,Sanard,Cool game
76561198324377823,Recommended,418370,30176206,Posted: 25 February,all,Mighty Mo,"One of the best Resident Evil games I have ever played. Being in first person mode and the ""quiet"" in the game just added suspense.I highly recommend playing it, an instant classic.Pros:- Great story and narrative- Very good graphics- Excellent sound- Solid performanceCons- Not the best anti-aliasing if you are playing at 1080p- Anti-aliasing kinda blurry - use SMAA to get rid of this.- Games eats up VRAM, so anyone on 4GB graphics card take this into account"
76561198036009284,Recommended,418370,30506868,Posted: 14 March,all,War,"Skip to the summary at the end if you dont want to indulge in the details:Play this game with the right brightness setting, the atmosphere is really important; and with the right brightness settings it will scare the life out of you. The horror aspect of this game is incredible; 9/10. The story line is solid, and although I have not played previous resident evil titles, I did feel like the game tried to make a connection to them at the end. At least there was a hint to the first Resident Evil movie.The gameplay mechanics are well thought out except for the heal animation (I wish there were more animations then just pouring down antiseptic liquid with cellular regenration promotion properties on your hand). Ammo conservation is required to some extent. The inventory managment system is good and easy to get a grip on even during fights. I see that a lot of people are complaining about Ethans running speed. The fact of the matter is that its quite close to realistic. We as gamers have gotten accustomed to fast walk and run speeds which makes us feel like this one is slow. But given the distance covered per unit time in terms of visuals (a hallway, a yard, a room) the run speed can only said to be as slightly slower than real life. Which I approve of anyways since the game intends to give you a feeling of helplessness.Finally the graphics. The good thing going on here is that the textures are really good. The lighting is exceptional and so are the shadows. However, the game does suffer from some optimization issues as far as shadows are concerned. I personally have a GTX 980 Matrix from Asus and I can max out everything at 1080p except shadows. Shadows at only high give me +60 fps. Very high shadows start to give me frequent and random fps drops. Hopefully this will be fixed in any patches they release.Finally the worst aspect of the game that I encountered is (some, not all mind you) AI characteristics. AI seems to be fairly smart during combat and does present a challenge. However, there are times when they are supposed to be looking for you and your job is to complete your objective and (optimally) not run into them while doing so to avoid greivances. Their field of vision is unrealistically narrow and they seem to be deaf to the sounds you make completely. Although fixing this issue to the realistic point would make the game massivley difficult, some improvment could be used here (i.e. slightly improved periphal vision plus some radius in which they investigate sound disturbances).Summary:Unlike a lot of games released this year and late last year, the developers have taken their time to produce an excellent game albeit some fixing required which is not something that should degrade the game. Hopefully the issues I mentioned above will be fixed soon. There is some replayability factor. Once you end the game and start it again, some item locations seem to be changed which is good because it discourages walk through consultation.Graphics: 9/10 (10/10 if optimized fully)Gameplay (including AI mechanics): 8/10Controls: 8/10Environment setting (including sounds, lighting and dialogue): 10/10Story: Solid 9/10Replayability: 6/10DLC: 4/10 (from what it looks like from the description.Hope this helps you make your decision."
76561198046190215,Recommended,418370,30500399,Posted: 13 March,all,Ashmole,"Resident Evil goes back to it's roots.As a longtime Resident Evil fan, I was dissapointed by where the franchise started to go when Resident Evil 4 was released. Although a good game in its own right, the only thing that it shared with the original RE was it's name. The franchise switched from survival horror to full on shoot-em-up.Resident Evil 7 brings the series back to its survival horror roots. You can no longer buy ammunition but instead have to pick and choose your battles. The decision to make this a first person game is excellent and the fact that you are and were so vulnerable increases the fear factor. This is the most disturbing game I've ever played. I've never played a game where the characters make such brutally vulgar threats towards you while you run away in panic: it scares the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you.The graphics are extremely well done. I often took time just to look at the small details in the scenery. The shower curtain with drops of water on it, how the light shines off of concrete bricks in a basement - it's extremely well done and runs well.  The real winner here is the sound. Every ambient creak and crack made my hair stand up as it made me expect another monster ambush.The only downside is it is *relatively* short. Capcom plans to release a free DLC as Chris Redfield so hopefully that will add to the replay value. I look forward to the next installment of this game and hope the series stays with this format."
76561198013570026,Recommended,418370,30500436,Posted: 13 March,all,Luis0J,I definitely enjoyed every bit of this game. It brings it back to it's original feel of the first few resident evil games. The best way to play this game is with headphones and completely by yourself.
,Recommended,418370,29778034,Posted: 8 February,all,Tobarus,www.sanger.dk
76561198130193229,Recommended,418370,30592140,Posted: 18 March,all,SirNewbington,I really like the direction they went with this game. It's everything i've craved out of AAA horror game since DeadSpace 1. you will die.. and die again and die a lot. just git gud.
,Recommended,418370,30590968,Posted: 18 March,all,Exxempt,"Very well done. If you're even slightly interested in this genre/style of game then I can only say you're cheating yourself if you don't play RE7. They've gone back to the ideas and themes that made horror-survival/action games great in the first place, just awesome.Pros:- Incredibly engaging RE storyline- RIDICULOUSLY good graphics and optimization- Satisfying weapons, you feel the impacts and effects- Engaging characters, you don't play a voiceless/footless dork, you actually develop- Alternate events based on your decisions, not the same story everytimeCons:- Ends too soon ;("
,Recommended,418370,31071554,Posted: 10 April,all,CABOOSE,not much of a resident evil fan but this one is diffrent. really love how well is is made.
76561198039868122,Recommended,418370,31081825,Posted: 11 April,all,Solid Snake,"Really Nice game !! Welcome home, Son...."
,Recommended,418370,30441463,Posted: 10 March,all,junping95,"It's absolutely classical survival horror game, as compared to re 5 &6. Capcom you did well. When I play this game, I was feel sad about Baker family and a little girl. A poor little girl has been used in experiment to become bio weapon, she never has childhood memory and she just want a family. When Baker family saved her,then the tragedy has begun.....At last, all the family were gone and even the little girl was also die. I was almost tear off after understanding this saddest story."
,Recommended,418370,29464932,Posted: 24 January,all,Mater,"walk down hallwayget chase by crazy dude with shovelrun from room to roomtried to get out by trapdoorcrazy dude cuts off my leg with shovelgoes and sits by door waiting for me to reattach leghad no idea how to reattach legdie bleeding out10/10holy hell this is the step back into the right direction for Resident evildon't get me wrongi love 4, 5 and 6 but this one just put it back on the map of survial horror"
,Recommended,418370,29458625,Posted: 24 January,all,Hawkeye,"''ITS SHOVEL TIME''*breaks through wall*me: NO DADDY NO!Edit:Pros- Very spoopy- Very atmospheric- Characters are interesting, unique and terrifying in their own way- Very texas chain saw massacre to it- Enemies are immortal and your gun only slows them or delays their persuit of you for a bitCons- They teleport around the house and it feels unfair, i'll cross roads with daddy in stealth when he's going downstairs and i'm going upstairs and not 30s later he'll barge in through a door upstairs where he couldn't have reached unless he followed me closely from behind. Or sometimes he'll barge in through a wall downstairs when he was chasing me upstairs. Feels very frustrating/unfair to see him just keep doing this."
76561197988447399,Recommended,418370,29464948,Posted: 24 January,all,DoOdle$tinK,"AAA title works on launch day. For those bashing the game saying this is not a true RE title, are simply wrong. Ive played all the RE games and can attest that this latest iteration is a true return to form despite the first person veiw. Capcoms RE engine is gorgeous, and I hope to see more use of it."
76561198289893463,Recommended,418370,29465636,Posted: 24 January,all,TheTrollJesus,Great so far. online minor issues with fps but should be patched out soon
76561198004230403,Recommended,418370,29468126,Posted: 24 January,all,"lightdeed75,aka The GAMESAGE","ALL i can say is oh my GOD..!!!!.,,This games is the BOMB HANDS DOWN ..!!"
,Recommended,418370,29468151,Posted: 24 January,all,KKKKKKK,Resident Evil 7 is Horror Revived!I love this game.
76561198280745240,Recommended,418370,29468652,Posted: 24 January,all,sca,"I played all RE since the first one on playstation one, I was a bit sceptic about the first person view, but I have to admit, it s for me by far the best RE they made. After an hour of playing I had already three scary moment, which I only had once in RE 1 to 6 (to tell it was the dog jumping through the windows in RE1)Buy it, as for frame rate and other ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, there is always guys complaining about this, well I play since the NES, so I can tell you this is pure useless topic for unsatisfied teenagers"
76561198025972794,Recommended,418370,29469089,Posted: 24 January,all,classicjarhead,"Played afew hours and I was entertained. Running an RX480, 16gig ram at 60frames with NO dips whatsoever. Half these negative comments are about ""poor optimization"" but I'm pretty sure their just blaming thier own budget versus this publisher.Cons so far would be the third party Denuvo which, is really hard to bypass. What I mean by that is people really really wanted to play this in VR on day one without owning a shifty PS4 but because of Denuvo modding is pretty much out hte door :/ In a year the modding community could do WONDERS with this game and the RE franchise, instead this decision was made to pretty much have no modd support. Because of that and what I saw with the Nexus community's potential ( especially a day or two after Long War2 mod) I'm giving this a 7.5/10 because right now the product is Interesting but if I wanted stellar BLOW ME OUT OF THE WATER, either the publisher would have to dip some more cash Or rely on the Mod community./RIP email."
,Recommended,418370,29469112,Posted: 24 January,all,yazzz,Kinda scary.
,Recommended,418370,29469122,Posted: 24 January,all,Unishark,"Amazing game, Capcom really took it in a new direction with this and naid it all of the charm of a regular Resident Evil and added terrifying horror great atmosphere and great new characters 10/10"
,Recommended,418370,29469149,Posted: 24 January,all,Silvershard,Be afraid. Be VERY afraid! A must by for the classic RE fan.
76561197967806161,Recommended,418370,29463523,Posted: 24 January,all,Arclite,"Havent played much yet, but what can I already say about tech :The game has a steady 60 FPS, all settings to max in 1080p.Now, some of the settings such has resolution scaling will have big impact on the performance but it's not really explained in the menu so expect some players complain about bad FPS with their 4 year old GPU.However I noticed a HUGE FPS drop after Alt/Tab, so I would advise to avoid it. Hopefully they'll fix this.As for the game it draws from others games and it works nice, True Detective x Amnesia with some brutal melee fighting.Devs are trying new things here, which is always nice. You should give it a try !"
,Recommended,418370,29463616,Posted: 24 January,all,THE | D4NK | MEME,"Runs smooth, 970ti running on medium settings, game is fun as hell and quite scary. The crafting mechanics, combat etc. feel fresh amongst the familiar hide & seek formula. The puzzles (that I've come across thus far) have been clever and fun, albeit stressful when members of the Baker family are in pursuit.Highly recommend for any fan of horror games."
,Recommended,418370,29463643,Posted: 24 January,all,ImaRealBoiii,"I felt it was worth the wait but I felt doing a season pass for 2 extra content doesn't make sense. I feel that they should've let there be unlockables within for extra story. Overall good game, I wonder how the series going to progress tho"
76561198064642511,Recommended,418370,29463805,Posted: 24 January,all,LuchaBocs,"I love and played all the Old School Resident evil and the later Action Oriented ones (yes I love RE6).This is Old School Resident Evil. It feels and plays like RE 1-3,Veronica & even Dino Crisis 1 the only difference is it does not have tank controls and the first person view. It has combat and item management, thank goodness capcom did not make it a Walking Simulator.Athmosphere in this game is top notch and does not rely to much on jump scares. Action Horror is laid to rest(for now maybe forvever) and in its ashes rise the familiar but fresh take on Survival Horror.All hail the return of the KING!!! RE7 is AWESOME."
76561198163010648,Recommended,418370,29467488,Posted: 24 January,all,mantruffel83,"Great so far! I'm a few hours in and haven't had any issues so far.  It looks great, runs great, and although being first person reminds me of classic RE.  Side note: I am very happy they added borderless windowed mode!  I'll update if I have any issues."
,Recommended,418370,29467524,Posted: 24 January,all,Joeker579,Its fun. My only problem with it is pillarbox display.. They really need to add 21:9 ultrawide support..
,Recommended,418370,29467670,Posted: 24 January,all,[ ) /-\ [ ) [ ) `/,"Absolutely no reason to give this game a negative review.  Intense horror; I mean when Mia hops up outta nowhere, i literally have never been scared by a video game until now.  The time when i sliced up daddy's face with my pocket knife, now that was graphic!  This game also has puzzles like the original RE...if there was One thing, and i mean every game has atleast one thing to complain about; i would say the character could move a lil faster. Really...its like having a nightmare and your body just won't run...it's scary."
,Recommended,418370,29467729,Posted: 24 January,all,The Jawbone,"If you took the classic Resident Evil formula from the era of tank controls, extracted it from its primitive engine, and sent it 20 years into the future, this is very well what you might end up with. It really doesn't borrow from other horror games like Outlast/PT, it only borrows from its roots.Anyone else remember the camera angles on pre-rendered backgrounds, and how you'd turn a corner to realize you're looking at several nasties point blank? Collecting keys for doors and actually having to unlock them yourself? Running out of ammo and realizing how effective/ineffective the knife is? It's all back, plus more.It's a departure from the ""shooter"" titles and back into survival horror, and I recommend it."
,Recommended,418370,29465881,Posted: 24 January,all,Berry Smol,The Texas Chain Saw Massacre: The Gamehonestly tho its not RE at all
,Recommended,418370,29465884,Posted: 24 January,all,Hennythings Possible,10/10 Would shovel again
76561198066422617,Recommended,418370,29456779,Posted: 23 January,all,Psycho,Simply outstanding playing on madhouse difficulty and it is everything i hoped for 10/10 capcom made resident evil great again!
76561197995330943,Recommended,418370,29465956,Posted: 24 January,all,timmey17,Never having played any of the older Resident Evil games this felt very fresh and exciting.
,Recommended,418370,29466153,Posted: 24 January,all,RadioactiveCorupptions,very gory but amazing and bizzare its good so far its much more scarier than the outher games this will not dissapoint you (i did take a break at a part :I) overall 9/10 (this might change when i finish the game
,Recommended,418370,29466261,Posted: 24 January,all,itz_Lyzen,The RE Franchise is back boys!
76561198090933083,Recommended,418370,29466348,Posted: 24 January,all,The Headless Horsemelon,"This game is resident evil to its very core, It's an amazing experience from the start, i just hope you like gore because sdafjk theres a lot of it. Hopefully you'll pick this game up and be welcomed into our family."
,Recommended,418370,29466355,Posted: 24 January,all,ConnorTheConker,This game brings a brilliant story can't wait for the DLC to come out later in the year
,Recommended,418370,29466450,Posted: 24 January,all,AviatorN (Nikolaevous),"Is it fun? yes. Is it scary? oh yes. Is it truly a first person RE game? HELL yes.I can't stress enough on how much i love this game.Ammo can be scarce a lot of times, you don't have a lot of space in your inventory so there IS managment in that regard. The game atmosphere has been nailed, so was the sound design, soundtrack is NICE too!There are plenty of weapons, ranging from your standard pistol and shotgun, to a goddamn flamethrower.There are boss fights, and oh boy are they awesome.I just don't know what to say, either if you are or aren't a RE fan, you should try this game out, you won't regret it"
76561198018501771,Recommended,418370,29497994,Posted: 26 January,all,dias999,"The textures are horrible, everything is scripted and the combate feels clunky. Honestly there are scaryer games out there.But I love it anyway. Why you ask? Because Resident Evil finaly got back to it's roots. No more hilariously bad Action moviesque nonsens sequences. They managed to bring back the old Resident Evil flair, but also implement welcome changes, like the switch to first person perspective. It borrows from other Horror games but it still manages to be its own thing.It's by far the best Resident Evil game since No. 4 and it causes me to have hope for the futre of the Series."
,Recommended,418370,29498147,Posted: 26 January,all,Ryano The OG,"Freaking love this game!!! It is very demanding grafically, and couldn't imagine running it even close to the ""required"" 760. I would reccommend it to anyone who isn't faint at heart. xD"
,Recommended,418370,29498276,Posted: 26 January,all,Mako,I wish I could shake hands with all of the them and say thank you for the best Resident Evil game ever made. I keep feeling that I robbed them at this price.
,Recommended,418370,29568793,Posted: 29 January,all,systempunK,It was scary.
,Recommended,418370,29567386,Posted: 29 January,all,Fyris,"My favourite Resident Evil so far!Story is more grounded and realistic than any other. Setting and characters are the most authentic yet. Really makes me wish this were a reboot, but references to the rest of the series are kept to a minimum anyway.Gameplay is a mix of the classic system (non-linear roaming, unlocking doors, solving puzzles, item management), the modern system (combat, smashable collectables) and a whole new view which works better than any other. Super-immersive first-person view, great for storytelling purposes.Audio is great, too. Fantastic voice-acting and atmospheric music. Catchy main theme, too!It's proper survival horror once again!"
76561197977917324,Recommended,418370,29568046,Posted: 29 January,all,Randy the Rando,"Having played all of the main Resident Evil games in the series (excluding CODE:Veronica) I can honestly say that this game has been a blast from start to finish. It feels like they really hit all the high notes from both the new and old games; it evokes so much of the atmosphere and dread of the original tank control style games (RE0 - C:V), while having a satsifying combat system that is on par with the over-the-shoulder RE4 - RE6 games. You won't be doing b.s. spin kicks and boulder breaking power punches, but guns are satisfying to use and you always feel like you can work your way out of a situation.My only gripes are a smaller than normal variety of enemies, at least for a RE game, and a short campaign. To be fair though, the smaller number of enemies means you will be very familiar with how to deal with them, and the game length isn't too much different than previous RE games. Plus, much like every other RE, you are meant to play a run more than once with whatever rewards you gain upon completion.Overall, this has been a very fun and worthy addition to the RE family tree, and one that I hope will be expanded upon with the coming DLC."
76561198084610977,Recommended,418370,29566783,Posted: 29 January,all,Iplay*,"Story rich, amazing , puzzles , mind twist and I highly recommend playing this game it is AMAZING. If you are amnesia , outlast player you will find joy and high end jump scares."
76561198061881843,Recommended,418370,29568963,Posted: 29 January,all,XemVi,Good storyline.Good graphics.Multiple times that the game will frighten you.Looking forward for DLCs and sequels.Good job Capcom.
,Recommended,418370,29554997,Posted: 28 January,all,I S The C,This is an amazing turn for the series. First Person really made the small rooms and hallway's of the house really nerve racking. I found there was plenty of extras for you to seek out and find if you're the explorative type. The ending was great and it makes me want to play through again. The only issue I had with the game is that in most areas when it was loading I had a great deal of framerate issues even when  the graphics were turned down well past what I know my GTX 970 can handle. Other than that this was one of the best of the series IMO. Good job I cannot wait for the DLC!Update: after like 2 hours of posting this review I found a driver update for Nvidia and now the game run's flawlessly on max settings.
76561198160394015,Recommended,418370,29557240,Posted: 28 January,all,JuquinhaDoChatuba,"Back to the roots,a beautiful shout out to the core fans,a must-have Resident Evil title,if you were worried this was another failed attempt from Capcom to please,don't be,this is a great horror game,and this time it is a real SURVIVOR,sometimes you'll find yourself regretting shooting during the game,there will be times that you will have to avoid combat in order to keep your ammo stock on green light,just like the old and classic REs.Anyways,thank you Capcom for this beautiful work you guys gave us,the whole time i've felt like i was playing Resident Evil 1,one problem that i've had was the main character,choosing someone with no experience in combat or horror elements was an excelent idea,but he wasn't that scaried throughout the game,maybe you guys could think about that,but a few more points to the Exorcist,F.E.A.R and Evil Dead influences...86/100 for this great job."
,Recommended,418370,29526408,Posted: 27 January,all,Sev,"This is user has played all of the Resident Evil games and considers himself as someone that has watched this series fall and succumb into something truly horrible. However, with this release of Resident Evil everything changed.OVERALL RATINGSRATING: 9.5/10GFX: 10/10SFX: 10/10Gameplay: 9/10Story: 10/10Horror rating: 6/10I love this game. It's a bit short and I have to say that my spooky senses have been hardened so really I didn't feel like this game gave me any spooks. Most of the time I was just annoyed with the fact that this ♥♥♥♥♥ wouldn't die so I just rushed like a barbarian killing everything. I got scared once, or maybe twice throughout the entire 9h it took for me to beat the game. But in the end I felt more like the Predator rather than the Prey.As for the story, I really recommend this game for the old fans of Resident Evil. I truly felt like they went back to their roots and they succeeded greatly. A big thumbs up for the creators of this game, you made it. And of course, a huge applaud.I thought this franchise was dead, but obviously they proved me otherwise.Get this game. But if you are a horror veteran like me, this game will be more like a interactive story rather than something that's going to make you wet your pants."
76561197970497788,Recommended,418370,29526593,Posted: 27 January,all,blumpkin warrior,"One travel stands out to find his long lost wife when he randomly recieves a email upon her whereabouts.You are this man as you embark upon the futuristic residence of honey boo boo and families vaction home..Forget that you lose limbs in the process as you will be nourished and provided the best medical treatments in the bayou.You will find her, you will take the trailer park out of the girl, or die trying..."
,Recommended,418370,29526821,Posted: 27 January,all,Same,"I'm at just short of 7 hours into the game and I just can't stop. Such an incredible backstory if you're into that type of game. Resident Evil 7 developers did an incredible job hiding the scares. When I'm expecting to get jumpscared, it doesn't happen, thus keeping me on edge so once the unexpected jumpscare comes, I'm left screaming like a girl. Definitely worth picking up."
76561198078819250,Recommended,418370,29528083,Posted: 27 January,all,Red,"Played for a hour, then came to a long dark stairwell that had hissing sounds and had to stop.Pretty spooky"
76561197960806250,Recommended,418370,29528219,Posted: 27 January,all,Salt Lord,"This game is a perfect example of ""The girl isnt worth it"" but the game is amazing I recommend you buy it."
76561198150332982,Recommended,418370,29528433,Posted: 27 January,all,GeneralHerps,"fun, scary, terrible, fun! i had a blast!"
76561198140813038,Recommended,418370,29528529,Posted: 27 January,all,Oggod,The Best game in the franchise since Resident Evil 4
76561198002913094,Recommended,418370,29528538,Posted: 27 January,all,KrakAddiK,"Extremely well done. The textures of the environment are amazing, however the graphics of the people aren't that great. Still looks amazing however. The game itself though is perfect. I can honestlly say I'm scared as hell every time I play this game. Very well done!!!!"
,Recommended,418370,29533683,Posted: 27 January,all,skidz,like the old days.
76561198151999609,Recommended,418370,29533693,Posted: 27 January,all,Drinkbeer87,Can't wait to see what he future holds for Resident Evil if they continue to bring us survival horror like this. Was a great game.
76561198127009658,Recommended,418370,29533713,Posted: 27 January,all,brandonkolinek,This game is good. 10/10 hands down. Fun to play. Hidden stuff. Puzzles. Guns. I liked it. Don't forget to block...
,Recommended,418370,29533763,Posted: 27 January,all,3esa1 (king of dota),good game
76561198081545532,Recommended,418370,29533801,Posted: 27 January,all,dreamchaser,Nice game and good job capcom :v
76561197987259972,Recommended,418370,29537207,Posted: 28 January,all,FriedMattato,"Fantastic entry to the series. Definitely in the same league as REmake, RE2, and RE4. I've heard it so often, but this game really does feel like playing Resident Evil 1 in first person. Makes me optimistic and excited for whatever Resident Evil title comes next. My only complaint is that there isn't more of it to play, at least until the DLC drops."
76561197963182709,Recommended,418370,29554005,Posted: 28 January,all,TheGimp,"I'm an old experienced gamer, so I've been playing these Residen't Evil's since the very first one, which of course was absolutely amazing at the time.I expected better and more depth. I was disappointed with the story, the characters involved, the lack of variety in enemies, the ease in solving the puzzles.There wasn't enough new for me, it felt lacklastur, but for someone who has never played the series, I think it would be a good or decent experience, especially as it starts off creepy.The most memorable moments for me were typical to what you'd normally remember in a game, nothing special and the crafting was very simple as well, didn't evolve in any way.I blew through the game, finished it, and now It feels somewhat forgettable. 7/10 for me, entertaining but not special."
76561198096702994,Recommended,418370,29554047,Posted: 28 January,all,Big Wet Napkin,"A good game but not that scary. I play at nightime with no lights and headphones, incase you're thinking that I'm a lil' ♥♥♥♥♥. My biggest complaint is how sh*tty (literally) some enemies are. The ""zombies"" are probably the least engaging enemy in the entire game."
76561198066616497,Recommended,418370,29551967,Posted: 28 January,all,Tony Salami,"Better than my expectations, and they were pretty high. Intense combat (combat could have been a little smoother) and pretty good, scary, stealth. Great setting and graphics (except the shadows in the first 3 minutes outside), great enemies (and even better bosses) and a pretty amazing story and mystery (even better if you read all files and pay attention). Takes about 10 hours and probably around 15+ on Madhouse difficulty.And of course it is scary. Probably some of the best handeld jumpscares in a game.A great return for Resident Evil and a great game.9.5/10"
,Recommended,418370,29552144,Posted: 28 January,all,-=EdVuXaS=-,"Not a very scary HORROR game, but it has good atmosphere, fun bosses and 'puzzles' so I whould recomend giving  it a try."
76561198086595972,Recommended,418370,29552205,Posted: 28 January,all,danny young9,I can't wait to see what they do the the seson pass. will be buying that some time in the year and looking forward for re games if they plan to make some more
,Recommended,418370,29552816,Posted: 28 January,all,Null,Yes!!! Yes!!! Thank you Capcom for not being Konami thank you for giving a♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198352261867,Recommended,418370,29552830,Posted: 28 January,all,FlaccidYetFirm,Amazing.
76561197978034385,Recommended,418370,29552837,Posted: 28 January,all,Saikyo-Kick,I was skeptical going into this one. I stayed away from the mining leaks and spoilers that appeared online leading up to release and I'm glad I did. This game was being critisized early on for not being resident evil enough and too much of a departure from the franchise. After playing through the game I feel like Capcom absolutely nailed it with this one! This game is completely faithful the the appeal of the first 4 in the series while amping up the horror aspect that has waned since RE 3 or 4. The feeling of being alone and an overwhelming sense of dread creates a fantastic horror atmosphere. The graphics although not jaw dropping are pretty good overall. The audio is superb and scares the crap out of you constantly. I played in the dark with a good set of 7.1 surround headphones and I couldn't have asked for a better sound experience in a game. As far as gameplay is concerned I felt it to be overall quite fun. The puzzles were very easy and I was never stumped or stuck anywhere which can be a good thing as far as pacing goes. The action and shooting/fighting etc feel really good and rewarding. The weapons are all standard fare but are done well enough. There's a bit of replayability as there always has been in RE games with finding all the bobbleheads and opening all the doors and lockboxes/drawers etc.  The story was well done with a few surprises along the way and a big surprise a little more than half way through the game that players of past resident evil games will appreciate. The game took me about 15 hours to complete and that's with pretty thorough searching and exploration. Overall I consider this latest entry of the RE series a complete success and I look forward to DLC and future installments in the future! 8.5/10.
76561198078238805,Recommended,418370,29550939,Posted: 28 January,all,Prodigium,"Loved it. A little different from the older games of the series, but I found the entire experience amazing. Looking forwards to all dlc and future installments."
76561197975864480,Recommended,418370,29551038,Posted: 28 January,all,Loxx,Not for the squeamish or fant of heart
,Recommended,418370,29457796,Posted: 24 January,all,Catch-A-Ride,This♥♥♥♥♥♥is pretty scary. But you know what's even scarier? I was trapped in this game and still couldn't find a exit button...
,Recommended,418370,29549696,Posted: 28 January,all,Zadeon,It's pretty good. A little short butthere's free content coming in spring.The combat is fun and every zone gives a different challenge. Bosses were all really fun as well.
76561198139514702,Recommended,418370,29549841,Posted: 28 January,all,Unnamed Bag,"Modernization of classic Resident Evil in a way that is very well done. Fans of the original games in the series will recognize the core components that they loved, while the game explores new territory but still keeps its footing in the horror genre (unlike the last few previous entries.)There are nitpicky flaws, just like any game, but nothing that is very troublesome. It is polished and well worth the price.As a long-time RE fan who was frustrated with the series lately, this game is exactly what I wanted to see."
76561198191177985,Recommended,418370,29551337,Posted: 28 January,all,That_dude_smokey,"I have always been a big RE fan, I have beaten every game of theirs and I have to say this one is now my favorite. I love how you're dropped into the scariest setting i have ever seen in a videogame with almost no context and forced to go on when death is almost certain. I'm 22 years old and this game really gave me a rush, more so than any re game before. It's amazing what RE did with this game i cannot reccomend it enough if you enjoy a good scare! and the fact that they kept the tradition of unique puzzels, and tried the fp platform makes this a solid 9.99/10 to get that extra 0.01 they will have to make it to where you can aim down the sights and better shooting phisics in a later update. cant wait for the dlc!"
,Recommended,418370,29479211,Posted: 25 January,all,HuntGrizz,"I hit the 10 hour threshold, going to document my experience so far...I still have yet to beat the game, though I sense the end is near...However this is the third time that thought crossed my mind...Kudos to Capcom for not going the typical solo climax route...I should also point out I have never played a RE religiously...I could not honestly tell you if this resembles the typical Resident Evil Game. I have only played a few of them briefly on consoles. What I can tell you is the mechanics were done with a lot of forethought, and they coincide well enough with each other to create an immersive, addicting, painful, yet awkwardly fun experience. I only say that because Im not usually enjoying myself while being pushed to the edge of my seat in distress.The antagonists are believable, while each of them seems to hold their own domain and required countering playstyle. The plot seems like your ordinary spooky thriller at first, knowing the shanty old farm holds nothing short of no-good for you (but you'll do anything to find your long lost wife). The initial phase where you feel lost in a mansion will slowly die out as you continue to explore and learn the secrets of the property, but what will always have is the uncomfortable feeling of being vulnerable.As the story progresses things become more intense; you must act with prudence and without haste, for you only have so many items at your disposal, and only so much you can carry. It adds a nice managing touch, for when you fail you know it was thanks you your lack of caution & planning ahead becomes your top priority, doing your best to ensure you're prepared for whatever might come next.I love games that sauce a fishhook right in your mouth and have you hooked from start to finish. Sadly I wasn't able to beat the game in one 10 hour session. I now have to go to bed, but I probably wont sleep, and I'm not sure if its because of the ♥♥♥♥ed up♥♥♥♥♥♥I've seen today or simply because I cant wait to finish and figure out what the ♥♥♥♥ is going on, what started this nightmare,who will end it andhow it will end?"
76561198079503289,Recommended,418370,29546543,Posted: 28 January,all,Not Emeriick,"I'm not usually a horror game guy but this game absolutely blew me away. It doesn't rely on cheap jump scares but a suffocatingly dark atmosphere and a constant fear of running out of supplies and ammo.  Probably one of the best $60 purchases I've made in a long time, absolutely reccomend."
76561198005135774,Recommended,418370,29546950,Posted: 28 January,all,shadeofempty,"Very well done. This is what made the first Resident Evil such a classic. The first person in this was executed wonderfully and really adds to the suspense factor of the game.Spoiler Alert - This game is a throwback to how the franchise started, lots of puzzle/riddle solving to unlock areas. So if you are looking to just blast a zombie with a machine gun for 5 minutes before it dies just pick up any of the other RE3-RE6. If you just enjoy more of a survival horror type wait for State of Decay 2 to hit the market.With that said, if you were a fan of the origial RE1 style of game from back in the day this is a must have. The demo does not even do this justice. I did only buy the game and not the season pass (or deluxe addition). I will wait to see if it will be worth the extra money since I am not a fan of throwing money at developers for some cheesey mod or add on. Not saying they will but there are many who do.I have been waiting a long time for something this fresh to hit the gaming market. My hat goes off to the team that made this happen, well done!"
,Recommended,418370,29544420,Posted: 28 January,all,Mungus the Bungus,I really have to say I enjoyed this game. Gave me around 7-8 hours of gameplay (with a few times of being lost and mindlessly wondering) and I loved every bit of it. The graphics are great and everything is really smooth. The voice acting is great and really fits into the characters the story throws at you. The bakers are such a crazy family you really feel like you're in a crazy house in the beginning. ♥♥♥♥♥ goes DOWN. 10/10 reccomend this game to anyone. Worth $60 anyday.
,Recommended,418370,29488154,Posted: 25 January,all,Lolfy Boy,This game is a must For horror lovers like myself!!!!Pros:Those graphics: I thought i was watching a live action film for a second!Cut scenes: The scenes are in person like Half Life 2 witness it for yourselfFirst person: This helps the scares because now it feels like your actually in the game going throught the events yourselfThe Atmosphere: it dark quiet  when you dont expect anything BOO a monsterScares: ♥♥♥♥ing Hell YES Capcom you nailed it!!!The Story:  Its just like the first Resident EvilGameplay:  ♥♥♥♥ing hell this game is comparable to The Last of Us the crafting the survival!!!Cons:The game would slow down at certain pointsWow this game is like a master piece without Shinji Mkami Capcom im really impressed you could do it without him!!!score 9.5/10!!!!!Pick this up!!!
,Recommended,418370,29539962,Posted: 28 January,all,2NRD,smooth sailing after the first hour.8/10 would play again...because alt ending.
76561198038746722,Recommended,418370,29547062,Posted: 28 January,all,SYSTEM_ERROR_,"This game should not be missed. If you're a horror game fan it's worth $60, It wont go on sale anytime soon. At its core RE7 is an achievement in first person games. The ability to bring up your hands to block, and how you interact with the environment is just awesome. How you re-load your gun when ...it becomes hard to ;) those small details help with really putting you inside the game. The feeling you get from looking through the eyes of this poor guy is very immersive. It's a creepy environment and just a scary vibe all together. While it IS a lil' cliche, it IS Capcom, and they are known for their cheesy stories and bad voice acting. But the character animation and camera movement is simply amazing. The lighting and depth perception makes it feel very real for a video game, The blur effect on distant objects is awesome. This game has claustrophobia NAILED. I like how everyone drops F-bombs a lot. The gore factor is definitely there. Jump scares? Yup. But the psychological terror is there too. Running from people is tense (Outlast did it better, especially with the ability to look behind you while running, but RE7 doesn't revolve around that key game-play element). You need to do a lot more than run away to survive. Other things happen in this game that blew my mind. After you retry a certain scenario enough times you'll try different approaches to it and discover ""you can actually do that!?"" So after reading the negative reviews I may change my review later. But as of now this is by far one of the greatest horror games ever made. Maybe other people have weak PC's and haven't experienced this game on the highest settings? Maybe Daddy made them $#!T themselves?? I could NOT give this game a bad review for any reason, it clearly had all of Capcoms attention during production... which explains their other recent RE games."
,Recommended,418370,29547796,Posted: 28 January,all,Ashen One,"Exceeded all of my expectations.It's fresh, but remains true to what we all know and love about the original RE games. Puzzles, save rooms (with soothing music and item crates), an 'ink-ribbon' save system on Madhouse difficulty, backtracking, terrifying atmosphere. The game plays much slower like and old-school RE game too, which is a long time coming, this adds so much fear and suspense.RE Engine looks incredible and performs very well. Fully maxed out at 1440p gets around 100fps on my GTX 1080/i7-6700k neither of which have been overclocked.I'm patiently waiting for the Resident Evil 2 Remke now, but I hope that the future of Resident Evil follows the same track as 7. Because it works, and it works very well.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,418370,30580350,Posted: 17 March,all,Johni,"Well That was pretty fun. ""House of a Thousand Corpses"" meets ""Resident Evil""."
76561198239714060,Recommended,418370,30607174,Posted: 18 March,all,FIREFROST,"I love this game as much as Alien Isolation and I love it more than outlast. I had never played a Resident Evil before this one and I was VERY pleasantly suprised by this masterpiece of a game. It takes the Gore and insanity from Outlast and puts you in a world where you have weaponry, but ammo is always in short supply, like in Alien Isolation. For me, I like being able to have a weapon, while also feeling scared for my life. This game perfects that. Plus, guns in this game are used more like a flash bang or stun in other games, at least for really powerful enemies like papa Jack in the first section of the game when you first enter the center of the mansion. Shooting him will only delay him,  and knocking him out will only do so for a couple of minutes, until he comes back to life.The shooting feels suprizingly good for a game like this. Each weapon has a distinct purpose and feel to it. At first, I hated the feel of having such limited space in my inventory, but over time I learded to plan ahead and put items in my ""chest"" which is in almost every save room in the game. It didn't help that in my first playthrough I missed one of the few bag upgrades to increase the space in my inventory. The story was good. Not amazing, but passable. Even though I haven't played any other RE game I still know the basics of the story like the T-virus and Umbrella Corp, and this story fits in with that plot line, but only barely (so far). The Atmosphere is amazing in this game. At every turn I felt freaked out and grossed out at the same time. (Minor Spoiler) In the beginning of the game your wife cuts your hand off, and this moment took me totally by suprize.The bosses were super memorible for me. My personal favorite is Jack, or Papa Jack as I like to call him. He is super scary for me, but sometimes I can't help but laugh at his quotes and personality (I mean this in the best way possible. His funniness didn't hinder the game at all for me). Margurette is Jack's wife. she is by far the most discusting (if you don't like bugs, beware). She is my least favorite but I have a feeling she was made to seem that way. Lucas is their crazy son who sets up saw-like traps for you to solve. Zoe is the daughter of Jack and Margurette, but she isn't nearly as crazy as either of them. She is your ""quest giver"" but she ultimately isn't a very important part of the story. I don't want to spoil the plot, so I won't waste time telling you about why you're in such a hellhole of a mansion. It's better if you unravel the story on your own.I haven't played or purchased any dlc for this game yet, so I can't tell you anything about that. Though I have heard that it's overpriced and other complaints. I highly recommend this game to just about anyone who has the money and time to play through it. For me, this game is a 9.5 outta 10."
76561198042588557,Recommended,418370,30604946,Posted: 18 March,all,Rain,It is scary at it's times and all around challanging but not so that you will want to quit. The game itself looks amazing. If you haven't seen any spoilers then you will be in for some great surprises. + there is an amazing opening song
,Recommended,418370,30517438,Posted: 14 March,all,Sleepy Owl,"After several hours of playing this game, I have come to a conclussion. This game is not for everyone. Not because of the graphic content or the scary atmosphere. Simply because its in first person, and it is a Resident Evil game. I personally loved every brutal moment of the game and will continue to play it untill I have it 100% completed. Sadly I have heard that a lot of people dislike this amazing game simply because they changed the perspective of the camera and its no longer a RE game as it does not feel like one. This game is a fantastic renditon of RE and with all the easter eggs and lore, I will definately be busy. On a side note, I will say that the puzzle element of this game is lacking. In the previous games (not including 6) there were several challenging puzzles and in this one I only found a few and none of them left me with a feeling of accomplishment. Also as a point in fact, the enemies become easier to defeat the farther you get into the game, but I found that playing on a higher difficulty fixed the feeling of mowing the yard.Well that is all I have to say about this particular game. All in all try it for yourself, and decide if its for you."
,Recommended,418370,30511895,Posted: 14 March,all,A1|surr sloidah,"Resident Evil 7 is one of my new favourite games, I love it. The characters (as in the main enemies, not the protagonist, he bland as hell boi) are solid, the story is really good, and it's a genuine horror game, I felt way more tense in it than RE4 or RE6 (ugh) and the game rarely relied on false jumpscares (it was kind of inconsistent, some parts there would be genuine horror where you're being chased by a bloke with a spade but then you'd be somewhere else getting *jumpscared* by a little girl for no reason at all)My main issues with it are the enemies in the bits in between the main encounters, they are very generic and don't really do anything smart, they just walk towards you and their limbs explode if you shoot them.Another issue (and this is a big one) is the DLC, it's basically an assortment of mini-games which really shouldn't have been DLC worthy. The only real story experience in them is Daughters, which was the most disappointing of all! I was expecting a slow deterioration of the Bakers' sanity but it was so instantaneous and the mode itself was only 10-20 minutes long, granted there are 2 endings, but that's it.I love this game regardless of those problems though, I even bought the soundtrack (unfortunately it didn't include the DLC songs, which would be nice as Jack's 55th Birthday's music is amazing)"
76561198336931911,Recommended,418370,30516126,Posted: 14 March,all,jonnysk13,love the game very good story
,Recommended,418370,30531211,Posted: 15 March,all,Clorox Bleach,"Awesome entry in the RE series. Hits the high note of horror very well while still letting you feel like you aren't completely helpless. Definitely recommend this game to anyone, regardless of whether you're a series fan or not."
,Recommended,418370,30819138,Posted: 29 March,all,Strothman,Very good. It does everything they wanted it to do.Except I didn't want to TRY to save Mia.
76561198097883273,Recommended,418370,30841940,Posted: 30 March,all,Juice Box Hero,Good game. Not as memorable as resident evil 4 was for it's time. This game excels in making you feel afraid and jumpy in certain parts of the game. The graphics look amazing in some areas and other look washed out and dull.The games flaws would be how short it is and lack of enemy variety. I would give it a 7 out of 10 it would deserve a 8 or 9 if the game was longer had had more enemy variety and more enemy battles.Do noty buy this game at full price unless you are a diehard fan other wise wait for a sale.
76561198020018180,Recommended,418370,30740293,Posted: 25 March,all,Smoofy Smoof,"Great game and definitely worth purchasing, however my final score changed so much by the third act that I wasn’t sure why the developers chose the direction they did. They essentially offer you a new game that feels like it should have been the beginning of a sequel rather than tacked on to the current version. What’s more puzzling about the decision is there is so much atmosphere associated with a spooky bayou that to change settings for any of it seemed like a missed opportunity in exploring the bayou more.Score was a 9.5, but due to the disappointing third act my final score is an 8.5."
,Recommended,418370,30863643,Posted: 31 March,all,Nev=NN=HaCKER,"With no doubt, the best RE series ever made.  The story is a little short, but I absolutely enjoyed every second of the experience."
76561198029125872,Recommended,418370,30860863,Posted: 31 March,all,nick022,"Bravissimo, Capcom! Fantastic game, I'm glad RE went back to its survival horror roots. It's nice to see an old time series still alive and kicking in today's gaming world."
76561198222617936,Recommended,418370,30861960,Posted: 31 March,all,You Are Bad,I love this game! It is the only game i would play for a month. Perfect mix of action and horror!
76561198035419707,Recommended,418370,30642754,Posted: 20 March,all,Aldr,Excellent horror game. I thoroughly enjoyed it.
76561198089822986,Recommended,418370,30717104,Posted: 24 March,all,sr20kschmitz,"I""ve played RE1 RE2 and this. I've seen videos and read reviews of everything inbetween. After playing the demo, then reading that there are 4 endings in the demo, I went back and found everything I missed, I knew it was going to be a good game and man was it ever. Just enough jump scares, just enough atmosphere and tension. The puzzles could have been a bit more in depth, but the whole VHS mechanic was great.Time to download the expansions :)"
76561198325630435,Recommended,418370,29497026,Posted: 25 January,all,Davy Jones,"Resident Evil 7. A game ive never even dreamed of playing. Ive never played any of the games before and honestly i never planned on it. But i bought the game. Played 5 hours so far. AND JEEZ THIS GAME IS TERRIFYING. I mean Daddy is clearly my favorite person in the game, he's just so damn cool. id recommend this game to anyone because its a game that keeps you on the edge of your seat. Its interesting, fun, and all around a good game, Very good game. Please do buy this game and join us in soiling our pants at every turn."
,Recommended,418370,29497058,Posted: 25 January,all,Cam,"If you enjoyed Resident Evil in it's truest form, Suvival Horror, then you will feel right at home in Resident Evil 7.This game is bleeding with atmosphere, and will have you immeresed in it very quickly.The puzzles are there, the combat is there, the enemies are there, and the intersting doors are there. This is a Resident Evil game through and through.You will enjoy your stay with the Baker family."
,Recommended,418370,29497096,Posted: 25 January,all,nukes only make me stronger,Real scary and stuff.RE7/10
,Recommended,418370,29497234,Posted: 25 January,all,Andy,"pretty spooky first playthrough, short but well done. i honestly feel like i could have done a whole playthrough without rushing anything in under 5 hours."
,Recommended,418370,29497317,Posted: 25 January,all,TeK,yes
,Recommended,418370,29497376,Posted: 25 January,all,Ragingstrapon,"This game saved this series. Don't judge it by the first person mode judge its gameplay. First off this games does feel like a old school Resident Evil game. The backtracking, the puzzles, the saving ammo, item management, and the atomospehere. This games does have a fine balance between action and horror.To all you naysayers judging this game before it came out stop hating just because of the camera change, judge it for it's substance."
76561198258334101,Recommended,418370,29497443,Posted: 26 January,all,maafricky,Such a great game so far tge grafic are great and good game play and story
,Recommended,418370,29458601,Posted: 24 January,all,Peridot,"Post Game Clear: reviewCompared to every resident evil game I have ever purchased, this game is worth it's price.That saying, I dont doubt it can be cleared with an optimal route in only a few hours.However, just as a reminder, so can EVERY resident evil, and they all started out the SAME price.that said!I thought revelations worked out the issues of the resident evil series, a good mix of combat, puzzles and multiplayer.But screw that game, this game is great.as someone who has beaten every resident evil game but barry gaiden for gameboy, this is easily one of the best, if not the best resident evil game to date.join the family........"
76561197988844501,Recommended,418370,29495133,Posted: 25 January,all,AyeOhDee,"Holy crap this game is terrifying. The graphics are top notch but room for improvment once an SLI profile comes out and I can crank up the resolution scaling once both gpus are being used. Besides that like I said its like your playing a character in a horror movie and its quite terrifying.   I played for about 15 minutes before I decided to stop so I dont have nightmares tonight. My girlfriend made it about 2 minutes before she ran out of the chair and said screw this! So far I must say, its a must buy and this is coming from someone who has been scared crapless in VR with my  VIVE. If this came out for the VIVE with full VR capabilities I honestly dont think I could finish the game, it would be to much lol.. I have never played any resident evil games but I am glad I started."
76561198068850247,Recommended,418370,29495522,Posted: 25 January,all,I throw rocks at kids,"Absolutely amazing Resident Evil game. I most definately♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants more than once playing this. The story was great, definately a really good plot. All in all I'd say this is better than 4,5 and 6. 10/10"
,Recommended,418370,29495555,Posted: 25 January,all,Hanabi Yasuraoka (Alex),Great game but they need to fix the frame drops because it painfull to see this game have drop during some part of the game.
,Recommended,418370,29473634,Posted: 24 January,all,LUGUBRIOUS,Great but short. Get it on sale.
,Recommended,418370,29490694,Posted: 25 January,all,Classic Λctual,This is the most uncomfortable♥♥♥♥♥♥I have ever played. ∞/10
76561198066908757,Recommended,418370,29490877,Posted: 25 January,all,Where is my dad,"First 80% of the game was spoopy, then the rest felt like I was runnin and gunnin. Other than that great ambiance and story telling. 8/10"
76561197968207989,Recommended,418370,29490980,Posted: 25 January,all,Tersidre,"I just beat the game,My biggest complaint with this game is that it wasnt a bit longer, seems like there is a huge jump in terms of the story, seems like there could of been more there to tie up a few more loose ends.I will say that Resident Evil is back in a big way if this is the direction they want to move the series forward. I enjoyed this game from beginning to end and i will play through it again probably a few more times.8.5/10 for me. Well worth the money, buy it, support them so we get more titles like this."
,Recommended,418370,29491492,Posted: 25 January,all,Le Don,"I can't believe a Resident Evil game would make me so excited. I liked the serie, but never considered myself a fanboy. It suprises me how much REVII keeps from his traditional elements, while looking and playing like a modern horror game."
76561198035439726,Recommended,418370,29491559,Posted: 25 January,all,Whiskey Icarus,This is the direction Resident Evil should be going.
76561198012272736,Recommended,418370,29491564,Posted: 25 January,all,BeersForFears,Inspiration for cooking classes..........
,Recommended,418370,29491670,Posted: 25 January,all,Dekonic,"Capcom, Ya did gud.Seriously though, this is a great game harkening back to the olden days of Survival-Horror with a new twist in being First Person. The controls are smooth and the port to PC was butter running on a 1070, 144hz monitor never really dropping frames aside from a couple of OBS issues. If you like Resident Evil, buy this. Hell buy it anyway, it's that good.My only complaint is that the story is a bit lackluster and all over the place, but three playthroughs later I am still itching for more."
,Recommended,418370,29473041,Posted: 24 January,all,I Benjie I,"Played the first hour, got scared. Might play another hour tomorrow, hopefully make it out of the kitchen this time. 10/10."
,Recommended,418370,29509931,Posted: 26 January,all,kosilol,"Been a fan of Resident Evil for years, this game has managed to qunch my thirst for survival horror ever since I played the first Amnesia a few years ago."
,Recommended,418370,29510338,Posted: 26 January,all,[PCMR] ๖ۣۜLiamDArnold,I hate this game 10/10
76561198315758054,Recommended,418370,29579534,Posted: 29 January,all,jvann16,😀
,Recommended,418370,29579825,Posted: 29 January,all,Veridis Quo,"Finished my first run. Goes highly recommended. Game has great pacing and great boss fights. Although the number of monsters are quite limited, but each Baker family member provides a different experience and makes it fresh as the game progresses. Graphics are top notch but there are problems for some that have lower than 4gb Vram GPU. So Capcom has to work on patching this issue.But overall, it's a great experience and has a good length for a horror game. For any of you who are skeptical on this game, try out the demo and evaluate. Watch some gameplay videos on Youtube and see if you like this type of survival horror. It may look like Outlast or SOMA, but as the game progresses after the first hour, that's when this game really shines as it's own.It's a great comeback for a Resident Evil game as it's core gameplay mechanics are really a throwback to the previous original titles from Resident Evil 1, 2, & 3. Looking forward for my second playthrough to find some of the missing tapes and weapons that I haven't really tried out."
,Recommended,418370,29579861,Posted: 29 January,all,Chicken Permission,Saw a wall in the forest made of horse legs.10/10 would say what the ♥♥♥♥ again
,Recommended,418370,29579896,Posted: 29 January,all,Vue19EC|<,"Well done capcom. 5/5 from me.As a long time fan who beated RE 2 at the age of 10, I have to say RE 7 is my fave next to RE 5.Can't wait for the DLC and an better explaination as who was the girl who reconnected Ethans hand and who is this Redfiled guy.Graphics = 5/5Sound = 5/5Story =3/5gameplay = 10/5horror = well done, 20/5"
76561198129993507,Recommended,418370,29564118,Posted: 29 January,all,Sotavalta,This is by far the best Resident Evil since 1 and 2.Feels like the old games but only in first person view. Definitely worth the money for me.
76561198057571485,Recommended,418370,29580156,Posted: 29 January,all,Redneb27,"Honestly, even though I had to keep reminding myself that this was a Resident Evil game, it still keeps the spirit of the series alive through its inventory management, scarce ammo and healing items, and it's gameplay taking place over several ""regions"".I had a lot of fun in this game. A lot of people have been saying that it is too short, but I thought that it was just the right length. It ran the risk of being dragged out if it had much more playtime. But that's just my opinion."
76561198036888724,Recommended,418370,29580159,Posted: 29 January,all,laelaelaelelalalea,im spoogSEMICOLON!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,418370,29559985,Posted: 29 January,all,kasp851f,"This game is full of bugs. Especially when Marguerit sees you in the old house, she just releases her bugarmy at you coming to kill you."
76561198044893979,Recommended,418370,29561216,Posted: 29 January,all,Bosanicat,"If you are seeing this, try this game"
,Recommended,418370,29561454,Posted: 29 January,all,Dweeby Pheobe ✯,"A beautiful return to the eerie, nailbiting, resource managing Biohazard that was adored in the first 3 releases."
76561198033503067,Recommended,418370,29581019,Posted: 29 January,all,HarpDogg,definately recommend this game. I don't scare easy.. and I will admit to jumping several times.. creepy as hell with a few puzzles.. no brain busters. thought the puzzles were kind of easy.. but it reminded me of what it would be like to play the original resident evil in fps mode..
76561198076094520,Recommended,418370,29581052,Posted: 29 January,all,The Flavor Master,WOW! My mouth waters just THINKING about this game
76561198289101349,Recommended,418370,29581396,Posted: 30 January,all,Sensei420,"I think this is one of the best games I've played in a while. It feels like I'm playing a horror movie. I'm only about 4 hours in and I've really enjoyed this game so far. It seems a little limited in some aspects, but all the depth in each area keep you searching for clues. It seems kinda short, but each part has a huge impact. The graphics on ultra are amazing!"
76561198043168588,Recommended,418370,29494864,Posted: 25 January,all,neonwhite900,"Lean, stripped down and focused. Resident Evil 7 does everything in it’s power to reinvent itself, to look and feel different from previous games. And this new direction helps breathes a kind of freshness and excitement the series hasn't seen since Resident Evil 4. Yet despite it’s new coat of paint the core of the series is still there. The pacing of it’s combat, heavy emphasis on exploration, the tension of walking around a hallway with the fear of a monster right around the corner, flawlessly mixing the old with the new. All wrapped in a love letter to greasy, gory old school horror films like Texas Chainsaw Massacre, The Hills Have Eyes, Saw and plenty more that horror movie fans should get a smile or two at. Adding up to a great return to form for a longtime series and a solid horror adventure in it’s own right that anyone fan or not can get plenty of worthwhile scares and thrills from."
76561198057999577,Recommended,418370,29489958,Posted: 25 January,all,Kodiakultimate,"RESIDENT EVIL IS BACK!was initially cautious about this purchase, but after a whole playthrough I am in love, the main protagonist may not be as memorable as the past characters but that excusable with how well the 1st person POV enhanced the game, extraeamly remenicant of past resident evil titles like 1 and 2, from the puzzles to the plot. and don't expect to be able to shoot your way through everything, you'll be running out of health and ammo fast. Ending was satisfying, although the fight itself was undewelming (almost on rails), looking forward to more."
,Recommended,418370,29490000,Posted: 25 January,all,Soraya,I hope comes resident Evil 8 In the future. I enjoyed this game :)Best game
,Recommended,418370,29490051,Posted: 25 January,all,CutthroatPrune,yee
76561198119068742,Recommended,418370,29490188,Posted: 25 January,all,B-Nobes,It's a great game. Resident Evil has definately returned to its roots that made it such a great game. It has an amazing creep factor to it that gives off an actual feeling of fear. The gameplay is amazing and enjoyed every moment playing this game. Would recommend.
76561198069748163,Recommended,418370,29490236,Posted: 25 January,all,Spag Heddy,"WELCOME TO THE FAMILY, SON!The king of survival horror is back baby! This time in first person!OVERVIEW:Capcom's Resident Evil 7: Biohazard has revived the franchise, bringing the game back to its roots while keeping things fresh by switching to first person view and straying away from the usual zombies/ganados of the previous games in the series. This is actual HORROR and not ""hurr durr shoot zombies and win game"" gameplay (lookin' at you RE 5 & 6). If you're like me and you love survival horror games where you are actually vulnerable to your enemies, this game should be right up your alley!NARRATIVE/STORY:You are Ethan, a man in his mid 20s whose wife Mia has gone missing for over 3 years. Following a lead, you arrive at a house in the middle of nowhere in rural Luisiana, USA. Upon arrival, you look for Mia but start realizing this house holds many secrets, and its owners, The Bakers, aren't too keen with you snooping around. Find your wife, uncover the mysteries sorrounding the mad family and escape! Needless to say, this games story is as classic horror as it can get.AESTHETICS:The graphics are fine although the textures look horrible for a 2017 game, even when playing at max settings. The games visual design and lighting are done perfectly and serve as a great way to set up the creepy tone and haunting atmosphere.GAMEPLAY:I will admit I was skeptical about the switch to first person but I'm glad I was dead wrong on this one. Many might not realize this but by making this switch the developers have a whole new canvas to try out different ways to create tension and keep the player scared even when he might feel a bit safe. The resident evil type scares (mostly ominous noises in other rooms and enemies appearing and dissappearing on long corridors, assuring the player that he is not alone) transfer beautifully to first person, always keeping you on your toes and aware of your sorroundings.There are a total of 5 different weapon types which is nice since 5 is a good number that is neither too much nor too little. Each weapon has a optimal way of being used for example: Pistol for normal enemies and Shotgun for tougher/faster enemies. It is worth saying that this game takes place in a huge house with an even bigger underground area (similar to RE 1) so backtracking is inevitable. However, unlike other games, RE 7 actually changes enemy spawn points and locations each time you go through an area you've previously been too, making it so backtracking isn't much as an ordeal but more like exploration of an altered known environment.This game also features 2 endings depending on a choice made by the player at a certain point in the story.This game has a decent amount of collectables, those being: Coins that you acquire in order to purchase health/reload upgrades or a special weapon (RE fans can guess what that is :D).No auto-save and save rooms are scarce so make sure to save when possible.SOUND DESIGN:Music and sound effects are also one of RE 7's strongest points as it determines when the player is in danger or safe. I recommend playing this game 100% with headphones as the music and sounds are more impactful this way.Voice acting is great, especially the antagonist(s). I would also recommend having japanese voices and english subtitles for the 2nd playthrough since the screams in japanese make this game at least 25% more scary.VALUE RATIO:I paid 100R$ which is roughly half the price of an AAA game so what I ended up getting for my money was a 2.8$/h ratio which in my opinion is definitely worth it! (took me around 11 hours to complete the game for the first time)RECAP ON WHY THIS GAME IS CLASSIC RESIDENT EVILMap is one big house with lots of rooms and secrets (similar to RE 1)Puzzles envolving keys, passwords and placement of objects (similar to RE 1,2, 3 & 4)Horror with survival elements but not so much that it becomes a shooter (similar to RE 1, 2 & 3)Limited items forcing the player to avoid getting hit by enemies whilst at the same time conserving ammo (similar to RE 1)Transforming Monster bossfights with various weakpoints (similar to all RE games)Save stations, which means no auto saving. (similar to RE 1,2,3 & 4)SCORE = 9/10 Excelently crafted game"
,Recommended,418370,29492846,Posted: 25 January,all,[TKE] TheMightySeth,"This Is One of the best Resident Evil Game ever came in the franchise, but instead you experince in FPS View Of the entire Horror in the game. Watch my frist Walkthrough video of the game on my channel on how i survive.https://youtu.be/vHbXLXJC3qc"
76561198057054848,Recommended,418370,29492864,Posted: 25 January,all,backalley appendectomy,"i have played them all, amnesia, outlast, penumbra, cry of fear, dead space, etc. etc.after the first few jump scares and horror games you play they all start to just get... old. in the first hour of this game all i can say is ""HOLY F***ING S***, NO NO NO NO NO"" its been a long time since ive had scares like this! i cant wait to finish it. thank you capcom for finally bringing me the game ive been searching for!"
76561197966401947,Recommended,418370,29492961,Posted: 25 January,all,tathan623,Flawless. Thank you Capcom!
,Recommended,418370,29493014,Posted: 25 January,all,EgoLain,Its pretty spooky.
76561198314707744,Recommended,418370,29472885,Posted: 24 January,all,Scoobs,amazing game ;) 10/10https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCXmyUbEW7u_TGKbIWUKc3IQ
76561198024820421,Recommended,418370,29489015,Posted: 25 January,all,osbodav,took 9hrs to beat worth getting but not worth the $60 unless they add co-op mode
76561198058327408,Recommended,418370,29489120,Posted: 25 January,all,Cr0vax,"Amazing game, from menu screen to the end of the credits. A masterpiece that you MUST have in your library."
76561198147951402,Recommended,418370,29489129,Posted: 25 January,all,1-L-94 Ross94xx,back on form! loved it
76561198179569559,Recommended,418370,29477547,Posted: 24 January,all,Jackedyukon,Lil cheesed bougth the game got into it within 10 mins into gameplay it crashed and said re7.exe has stopped working no clue is to what this is
76561197982889007,Recommended,418370,29477579,Posted: 24 January,all,taloncvlt,Great game. Only good resident evil game since 4.
,Recommended,418370,29477636,Posted: 24 January,all,yeeeaaaahhhh braaaaahhhhhh,REAL RESIDENT EVIL HOURS BOY
,Recommended,418370,29477646,Posted: 24 January,all,oddity,My amputated arm got stapled back 10/10
,Recommended,418370,29477665,Posted: 24 January,all,DurtyHarry2029,"Well after my 1st playthrough here are my thoughts.IMO at this stage of gaming it feels short 8 Hours of checking every nook and cranny, and 6 Hours if you dont hunt for the extras.With that said I am glad to see the RE franchise is pulling thier head out of thier butt because the last 2 or 3 were complete garbage(RE 6, and Revelations 1 & 2).The game was fun and the atmoshperic horror was spot on. Everything felt very tense going around every corner. The FPS camera isnt really my thing for this franchise. When I think RE I think that RE 4 & 5 feel with third person.All in all:8 out of 10 for meI would say if you like RE then buy it.EDIT: Forgot to add I ran this with a Intel I7, 16gb RAM, and a GTX 970 all on Ultra settings with a couple little flutters in the ""courtyard"" but that was it. Ran very smooth for me. Also 20 minutes before this reaview the Nvidia driver for the game came out so ya..."
76561198347270074,Recommended,418370,29477696,Posted: 24 January,all,Austrico,So far this is a great game! im only a little ways in but already i like it better then the last couple resident evil games. They went back to horor rather than run and gun!
76561197970317579,Recommended,418370,30187660,Posted: 25 February,all,CaptainOZ,A fantastic game. They're reinvented themselves and come up with a gem. Worth the money.
,Recommended,418370,30189621,Posted: 26 February,all,PoLoNsKi,BEST HORROR GAME! I RATE IT 9/10!
76561197998587657,Recommended,418370,30188487,Posted: 25 February,all,TheMexican't,"this game is an amazing peice of art that you can play through. The game has very much the same feel as the first resident evil. The game is soooo knitty gritty that it pulls you in to the atmosphere like you are in ethans shoes. There is always a tension in the air with all the strange sounds that pop up around you as you navigate the house , and try and avoid the family members trying to kill you. I have not have such a great resident evil experience since resident evil 4. I do agree with other people when they say the price point is alittle high, but it really is an amazing experience that I think that anyone that is a horror game fan should really try out cuz I think anyone who trys it will be hooked right away like I was ."
76561198311400883,Recommended,418370,30183227,Posted: 25 February,all,Popytuts,dang it class.
,Recommended,418370,30182734,Posted: 25 February,all,ChazCliffhanger,One of the best games ever made. Took me 10 hours to complete and I loved every second.
,Recommended,418370,30175818,Posted: 25 February,all,BRICK SPRICKLY [AMERICAFUCKYEAH],"The atmosphere was great. Absolutely scary, it really felt as scary as the original did as a kid. Only complaint though is that it just seems like Outlast. The whole game felt like Outlast. Not a single part of it DIDN'T feel like Outlast except you can use a gun. Not to say that Outlast AND RE7 aren't both fun games, but it's almost like they took an exact mold of the game and added a few things to it. Plus i'm a little disappointed about the lack of unlockables compared to past RE games, even the Revelations series had more than this. I really wish Capcom would have just focused on the RE2 remake (that they forced the 3rd party company to stop developing, which ironically people seemed more excited about than this) that was essentially 90 percent done by an outside company rather than just put out a brand new RE that barely adds anything to the storyline because let's face it. If you're in your 30s like me and have played RE since the first game, think the movies are god awful, you care about the story going on within the game's world. Prepare for the developers to take a gigantic♥♥♥♥♥♥on that. If you take it as a scary game, it's a good one. If you take it as a Resident Evil game, you're not gonna be disappointed (well maybe a little....), but you won't be thrilled either, especially story-wise as this isn't anywhere near the RE game you're expecting. This game would be great for free, but i'm a little ashamed that I spent so much on this and it's SERIOUSLY going to make me re-think getting any RE game in the future."
76561198284111912,Recommended,418370,30154634,Posted: 24 February,all,vixengineer,"i just beat madhouse (after I beat easy and normal) and this game is amazing, I actually didn't find it to be scary... But more worrying that something will happen, or the slim slam monster is just around the corner(i HATED the salt mine part, 2 hard in madhouse) anyway its an amazing game and worth the buy. Except one thing. Beware evelines part at the end. and good luck, your gonna need it"
76561197962483977,Recommended,418370,30210683,Posted: 26 February,all,One Man Team,"7/10, great but missing a few things...I am a big fan of the Resident Evil franchise and played almost every single one of them. I was especially a big fan of 1, 2 and 3. I didn't dislike what they did with 4 and 5 but I wasn't as thrilled. With RE7 I think they did a great job bringing a little bit of the ""old"" back with a new 1st person person perspective.Overall it is great, the visuals, the atmosphere including motion and sound effects are simply amazing altogether. However what RE7 is lacking a little in my opinion is dialogue and continuity. Considering the chain of events, Ethan is going through he doesn't much express his fear, perplexity and sorrow. He does comment and say a few things but it is always brief and does not allow the player to completely be intuned with the character and his emotional burden.As for continuity I just find some of the puzzles to be slightly out of context as if they don't belong or should've been designed differently.The game is definitely worth buying just not at 79.99$, that is quite a bit."
76561198078514836,Recommended,418370,30211249,Posted: 26 February,all,kitsui,got to fist a a pig in the throat. 10/10
76561198075772859,Recommended,418370,30207907,Posted: 26 February,all,NinjaDyu,♥♥♥♥ing GREATNESS. This game has become my most favorite horror and Resident Evil game of all time. Thank you for this game and for going back to the old ways. Please continue to make more Resident Evil games like this one in the future. No more action packed Resident Evil games.
,Recommended,418370,30209092,Posted: 26 February,all,ObscureEdge,"Finally a Resident Evil that went back to the horror roots that the old fans like me can actually say they enjoyed playing a new Resident Evil again, totally worth every penny."
,Recommended,418370,30213111,Posted: 26 February,all,Vaporous Shadow,I stepped into Bizzaro world where the Silent Hill series died and gave all its life energy to Resident Evil. I guess its time to play all the old RE games now since this is the top AAA horror series again.
,Recommended,418370,30212578,Posted: 26 February,all,Vin Vicious,Best Resident Evil Game in a very long time.
,Recommended,418370,30221145,Posted: 27 February,all,TCPIP,like this game
76561198107559165,Recommended,418370,30106469,Posted: 22 February,all,Le Frog,11/10 IGN
76561197970618543,Recommended,418370,30202443,Posted: 26 February,all,KimiLL,10/10!
,Recommended,418370,30204520,Posted: 26 February,all,Sixx,"The franchise is back from the dead thanks to RE7.  If you are an old-school fan of RE from when it was actually scary, then you will absolutely love this!! This kept on taking me back to the original RE with hard to kill enemies, puzzles, back-tracking, and that absolute sense of dread in every step you take.  I cannot wait for RE8 and I hope CAPCOM continues what they started with this game!Also, this game has a decent replay value since you can unlock a bunch of things for future playthroughs...things that will come in handy for when you want to play Madhouse (TOTALLY INSANE).9.5/10 - Would get welcomed to the family again, and again, and again...."
76561198129223051,Recommended,418370,30198214,Posted: 26 February,all,Cyberical,Res7 Is a pretty good game. The only con I have anout this is that zoe is always turning me on and I cant get away with it
76561197966105913,Recommended,418370,29475328,Posted: 24 January,all,Revixy,"This is SO good that you'd be a fool NOT to buy it!11/10.The only real negative thing I can say about this title is that you can't lean nor do you have access to any DLC content as of right now, as the ones that exist and are done, can ONLY be accessed to consoles for the time being. < - THIS is bad publicity.Exclusive content to a specific platform is NEVER good.Learn NOT to do this CAPCOM.Video added:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tdNj4aWBZ5I&list=PLPxxdcb86ZHxoW5L4NGYA0ZOM2Qmf4Czf&t=2925s&index=1"
,Recommended,418370,29457459,Posted: 23 January,all,lsomberl,"This game is freaking gorgeous, the atmosphere and gameplay is suspenseful, tense, a horror masterpiece in gaming.  This is not an action game like RE 5 and it doesn't suck like RE 6, buy this game, support it.i7 6700  3.4GHzGTX 1060 6GB32GB RAMrun graphics interlaced, resolution scale max, perfect 60 FPS"
76561198163679450,Recommended,418370,30224160,Posted: 27 February,all,Bazinga,very gud game
,Recommended,418370,29473478,Posted: 24 January,all,Polezy,AMAZING!Resident Evil 7 has revived the horror genre.Go Tell Aunt Rhody..Go tell Aunt Rhody....kappa
,Recommended,418370,29477544,Posted: 24 January,all,DevTron,"Many scares, many swears"
,Recommended,418370,29480166,Posted: 25 January,all,NeverGod,"''Welcome to family,son!''"
,Recommended,418370,29457599,Posted: 24 January,all,Dr. Mantis Toboggan,"Holy ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥.I can't play this game by myself. The way the atmosphere gets ahold of you, it breaks everything in your mind that says ""This is a game"" This game doesn't really rely on jumpscares it just relies on the pure scare factor of enemies and the sense of you being hunted, I have only seen the first of the 3 main enemies of this game and I am scared ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of what is to come in the rest of this game. I will update my review once I finish the game...if I finish the game..."
,Recommended,418370,31145067,Posted: 14 April,all,Lorens,"Very nice mix of a survival like Amnesia or Outlast with a First Person Shooter. Nice graphichs, interesting story, A+ environment.Resident Evil? Yes, but only the world and the plot. You change the title name and you have a nice new IP.Fan of Resident Evil? Well, better experience than 5 and 6. RE 7 it's a different gameplay style.In theses days that horror/thriller/survival games are rare, this a very fresh breath for the genre.Worth the shot."
,Recommended,418370,29579336,Posted: 29 January,all,VivaciousDeimos,Excellent use of Grandma!10/10 would have dinner at Grandma's house again.
,Recommended,418370,31155788,Posted: 15 April,all,Silentknyght,"In all, a really-excellent game.  Definitely recommended.  I'd buy it again in a heartbeat.The graphics are really enjoyable, and ran at a comfortable 60+ fps on my i5-3570k + 970gtx.  I had been worried reading all of the other reviews that my system was going to be incapable of handling this game at a high-graphics setting; but all the worrying was for naught.My first playthrough, at a comfortble, immersive pace took about 12 hours.  I bought the game on the Steam sale, so it's a reasonable cost for the length.The first-person perspective was fantastic.  I didn't miss the classic 3rd-person perspective of other resident evil games.  The first-person perspective made it more suspenseful, I believe.The storyline is surprisingly good (as some of the resident evil storylines can be a bit incoherent).  I certainly wasn't expecting the plot twists it provides, though they do make for a more believable, enjoyable experience...tying-together much of what you learned beforehand.Some people argued that it's relatively small, intimate setting and first-person perspective made it not ""Resident Evil"" enough.  After playing it all the way through, I'm comfortable saying that this argument comes from people who probably haven't played it at all.  It's definitely ""Resident Evil."""
76561198071940144,Recommended,418370,31170421,Posted: 15 April,all,taka hebi csgobig.com,awesome game awesome story one of the best resident evil game
76561198006678733,Recommended,418370,29708131,Posted: 4 February,all,RogerSmith,I have never felt so welcome.10/10
,Recommended,418370,29475666,Posted: 24 January,all,People Meat,CAPCOM MY MAN YOU DID IT AGAIN YOU MADE ME♥♥♥♥♥♥MYSELF LIKE I DID WHEN I WAS A KID PLAYING RESIDENT EVIL 1  10/10
,Recommended,418370,29487180,Posted: 25 January,all,JimmyJonesII,"Upgraded my motherboard, RAM and CPU and the game runs fine now! The optimization is still terrible though. It should have ran fine in the first place."
,Recommended,418370,30070279,Posted: 20 February,all,Leftside,This game was amazing. thats it
,Recommended,418370,29493898,Posted: 25 January,all,BigChief,"Game is super good, can't wait for free dlc"
76561198052222646,Recommended,418370,29741905,Posted: 6 February,all,Din Dragon,Doesnt work with an amd phenom processor.EDIT:They patched the problem within 3 weeks. Good Job! Now all thats left is 21:9 ratio support.
,Recommended,418370,29551791,Posted: 28 January,all,Soul,"There is a fine line between a good game, a bad game, and a downright broken game. I'm proud to say Biohazard: Resident Evil is a good game that drives the player down a linear path with minor exploration and great pacing that makes it the best Resident Evil in years.The game has phenomenal atmospheric content, ambiance, and effects which bring the detail to life in every room. Interacting with objects is both fun and rewarding. Environments are well designed and just ""feel"" right, not too poly intensive and not too bland.Crafting makes a return, essentially you can make the basics (8 recipes), such as healing sprays and pistol ammo, along with ammo for two special guns.The combat is essentially FPS, though to be fair, your characters don't aim or use weapons poorly, it just takes them around 4 seconds to reload and your pov isn't static.Enemies are not over-powered as they might appear as headshots (or simply duking them) will bring most enemies down in 4-9 shots to the head on Normal with the starting pistol (2-4 with enhanced, etc). To top it off, enemies are not littered through-out (even on Madhouse), meaning the pacing is never jarred by confusion while being chased by baddies.The story is surprisingly good, centered around a new bioweapon and its' effects on the Baker family. The story reveals information regarding the main anatagonist as you progress through video tapes, hallucinations, and dialogue. To top it off, the voice acting is the best I've seen in the series to date.Puzzles are basic and don't get in the way of the gameplay. An example would be: Jack right next to you and you activate a shadow plinth-->time stops while you do the puzzle.The graphics themselves do the job they set out to do, bringing the dilapidated environments together well, though texture quality fades up close and characters look stiff and wood-like, though this can be fixed by turning on subsurface scattering.Shadowing is phenomenal, though artifacts are bountiful on lower settings.As for the jump scares and spooky atmosphere, to be honest, I'm not quite sure they were even trying to scare you. It feels more like they were trying to ""immerse"" you.In regards to stuttering, simply setting reflections to variable should fix most issues there. Mainly occurs after the main hall and in the old house; never happens with reflections set to variable (must've been the water reflections).In conclusion, Biohazard 7: Resident Evil is a phenomenal game and a great change of direction for the series. Returning to the adventure/horror genre with a first person POV breathed new life into a series that was growing stale, filled with poor action cliches, and expanding its' story into so many arcs that keeping track made your head spin. This return to form is slower-paced, more rewarding, and best of all: Fun."
,Not Recommended,418370,29456108,Posted: 23 January,all,r e l a x^,"I dig the game quite a bit. A ton more scary that the last 2 entries in the series. Storyline seems coherent so far and interesting.Re; tech issues. Surprisingly haven't had any despite SLI setup. Fully expected day 1 crashes and issues. Smooth as hell so far. 100-200+ fps, maxed out settings on 1080 SLI / Haswell-E setup @ 1440p. Not a single hiccup.Despite my 'No' recommendation I *do* recommend the game for the game itself. But a HUGE F.U. to Capcom for signging up an 12 MONTH EXCLUSIVE FOR PSVR instead of offering at least basic support for Vive / Occulus. Give me a F'ing break.PC offerings for VR blow PSVR out of the water across the board. Even if you're not going to offer motion controls out of the gate, at least build in ability to use the headset as a display properly. Stupid, anti consumer decision."
,Recommended,418370,29513507,Posted: 26 January,all,Matheus Zanella,"After the updates, the game worked perfectly. In my opinion, it's one of the best Resident Evil games."
76561198090591070,Recommended,418370,29516823,Posted: 27 January,all,ColdCanadian,"In the Party Room, I had quite the ""blast""!"
,Recommended,418370,29892244,Posted: 12 February,all,Hydrode,"So scary that I uninstalled it, and got a refund. 10/10"
,Recommended,418370,29473610,Posted: 24 January,all,Klaus,"If anything, do yourself a favour, and ♥♥♥♥ing buy this game. K? Ye. K.EDIT: ♥♥♥♥ING BUY IT 999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999/10"
76561197970006455,Recommended,418370,29572846,Posted: 29 January,all,Virindi,"PROS:-Nice new FPS style storytelling method that keeps your heart racing and feels more like a horror title than a typical RE franchise game.-Nice variety of weapons and plenty of opportunities to use them.-Interesting crafting mechanic that makes you choose between basic/advanced ammo and healing items.-Great characters with their own unique but terrifying quirks.-Awesome boss fights, the first few were absolutely terrifying.-Interesting enemies though not much variety (see CONS).-A handy autosave function in between regular saves keeps you from having to majorly backtrack at particuarly annoying parts. Also, the Madhouse diffuculty inclusion of ""save cassettes"" to limit saves was a nice throwback to the ink ribbons from earlier RE games.CONS:-The puzzles are incredibly easy, they feel more like an excuse to recycle content you've already explored by having you run around the same areas with maybe a new enemy or two on the way.-The game is pretty short for an RE title and thus gamers are hit with another DLC bait and switch instead of a full game, though what is there is a good experience.-The lack of VR support for PC (I don't know if PS4 version suffers from this as well) was pretty disappointing. This game could have been much more terrifying in VR.-The inclusion of collectable bobbleheads that only give you 2 achievements. No new content from these at all, you might as well ignore them. They are so out of place, why even put them there?-The lack of enemy diversity is pretty bad. There are really only 3 types of ""normal"" enemies, not counting one type that may or may not have missing limbs which changes its encounter slightly.-I don't see there being much replay value here, once you've beaten the game there isn't much else to do. I guess I'll sit around and wait for some DLC but I can't imagine Capcom is going to be able to recreate that terror I felt at the start of the game as it wore off about halfway through. There are some end game addons like Madhouse difficulty and a few items/weapons you can start over with, but that just isn't enough to make me want to replay it again."
76561197984326904,Recommended,418370,29572992,Posted: 29 January,all,MustangQc,Absolutely amazing...Psycho Immersion...Extreme graphics quality...It is amazing. Reminds me of Condemned BloodShot but even more ♥♥♥♥ed up.
76561198027858653,Recommended,418370,29573107,Posted: 29 January,all,Gorgeous Freeman,It's Gorgeous.
76561198075008022,Recommended,418370,29573220,Posted: 29 January,all,Luwill,this game is awesome
76561198128592734,Recommended,418370,29583582,Posted: 30 January,all,The Arianrhold Project,"absolutely outstanding. first horror game Ive played in a long time, where I actually got a couple scares in, and it was nerve Racking. on the edge of my seat the entire play trough. 10/10"
76561198066582720,Recommended,418370,29460869,Posted: 24 January,all,ItzzDanny,Amazing game gone back to the old resident evil ways very scary and creepy 10/10UpdateI just beat the game its a amazing game chris redfield comes in at the last minute of the game then it shows the free add on playable in spring and it looks like chris redfield is a playable character
,Recommended,418370,29577722,Posted: 29 January,all,Vose,"This game captures how I felt playing the very first game: Tense, slowly exploring and constantly running away while solving puzzles and finding themed keys.Play this damn game, son."
76561198140820026,Recommended,418370,29577814,Posted: 29 January,all,2ND HUSTLE,The game is great but i keep freezing when im trying to get out of the water of the basement. I hope you guys can fix it because i paid $60 to play this great game please hurry
76561198085146230,Recommended,418370,29578066,Posted: 29 January,all,Ultimate Terminator [T-1000],"i have not played it very long, but what i have played is amazing and creepy. i give it a 20/10."
76561198119544051,Recommended,418370,29578292,Posted: 29 January,all,tarron115,Finally a Resident Evil in recent years that I can be proud to say I own.
,Recommended,418370,29578439,Posted: 29 January,all,Altic30,"So I just finished my first playthrough on the normal difficulty. Here are just some of my thoughts. It was a very well balanced game with alot of strong story telling. The game is very scripted but in a good way. The resident evil ties will not become very apparent until the end of the game. The environment was done very well and alot of the scares come more from the creepy feel then jump scares. Would i say it's my favorite RES game? No, I would still stay 4 and 3 take that for me personally. It's a great game and a great change of pace. It's a solid game for veterans of the series and new comers alike. There are tons of references to old games and movies and such. Definatly worth picking up but you MUST come in with an open mind."
76561198131740539,Recommended,418370,29578486,Posted: 29 January,all,REAL_LIFE_PATRICK_STAR,"Highly reccomended. Unfortunately a bit on the short side, i finished in about 6hrs.10/10 would play again"
76561198002630380,Recommended,418370,29585344,Posted: 30 January,all,bercerus,Except from FPS camera........... every bits in this game are RE to the soul.
76561198107633433,Recommended,418370,29587184,Posted: 30 January,all,larsroar41t4,"i am a open minded person, if you like horror action games whit a good story this is a must buy"
76561198096237827,Recommended,418370,29587760,Posted: 30 January,all,Mercury,Good and Scary
76561198082828909,Recommended,418370,29587829,Posted: 30 January,all,Bug A Boo,"-Runs around looking for dog statuettes to unlock door-finds one from the grandfather clock-Jack says ""where aaaarree youuu?""-Jack bursts through the door I was gonna leave the area through-Nopes the f*ck out of the game10/10 would sh*t myself again"
,Recommended,418370,29577122,Posted: 29 January,all,Eraserhead,Spooky and nice
,Recommended,418370,29577415,Posted: 29 January,all,Mr. Skeletal,"Don't believe the Reactionary Resident Evil fans who don't think it is Resident Evil just because of a change of characters and camera point. This is a Resident Evil game down to it's very core. from the Inventory management, to the mixing of items, to the light puzzle solving (although there isn't as much of it as I would like), down to the camp, its all here.I did have a few issues though, while the story is the perfect length, there is a lack of content that makes it hard to justify for $60 (Although they are comming out with some free DLC in the near future, so I'm looking foward to that). Also, the ending kinda sucked.Overall, this is not only a superb horror game, its a superb RESIDENT EVIL game as well. I recommend if you are a long-time fan of the series like I am."
76561198076682638,Recommended,418370,29577434,Posted: 29 January,all,faHao,"Best Resident Evil since 3, very well done Capcom"
,Recommended,418370,29734913,Posted: 5 February,all,dtendr,"Great game, a return to form after the awful 5 & 6 games. After the intro bit, it does open up and immediately feel like Resident Evil. Definately a lot of those types of puzzles. One of the few games I've gone through to completion.... 7 times. It is short, around 2 1/2 hours if you speed run it. Some of the unlockables do directly impact your time going through the game. My first playthrough, looking around at everything, was around 10 hours, so mileage may vary. If you're a fan of somewhat scary games or the original Resident Evil games, this is worth a play through."
76561198079502094,Recommended,418370,29735005,Posted: 5 February,all,The Dude,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this is scary. It made me tense wherever I go. Godamn I love Ethan. Get this game, do not hesitate, worth it."
76561198296095558,Recommended,418370,29459191,Posted: 24 January,all,DaBaBaCUCK,"Resident Evil 7 is indeed a resident evil game. Don't let its setting fool you, because there is more than meets the eye. Capcom intentionally keep us in the dark regarding its story and setting, and I know a lot of people had negative reactions to it. Once you start playing this, you'll soon feel right at home. This isnt the first time that a RE game has been given the 1st person format (RE Dead Aim), but its been so long that the treatment gives manuvering fresh feel. The weapons are a call back to the original RE game and will feel familiar. The oldschool puzzles make a return, and get ready for a whole lot of locked doors.What this game does right is give the RE franchise a new look and feel while still incoperating key elements that fans love about the RE series.-tons of atmosphere-strict item management-item & weapon combinations-classic puzzle solving/ key finding-safe rooms make a return-the Nemisis mechanic makes a return and is given a fresh spin-genuine scaresThere are some flaws to this game as well,-boss encounters can sometimes feel awkward, although the boss fights are fun-Ethan, the main character, is under developed, I am not sure if he will return for sequels, but I wish his character offered more during this game-The first 3/4 of the game are fantastic, while the last quarter feels a bit bland and not nearly as effective as the first three quarters. You'll know what I mean when you beat the game-The puzzles are scarce compared to some of the older titles, and simplistic for the most part-The majority of the game feels like a reboot, with correlation to the series but only a miniscule amountOverall I reccomend this to any Resident Evil fan, even to those who arn't fans of the series but enjoy modern day western horror games. At a $60 it might be a little too much for some people, but if its on sale then I recommend a buy 100%"
,Recommended,418370,29734821,Posted: 5 February,all,memo,AMZING NEARLY KILLED MY DOG WHEN HE WALKED IN
76561198032575063,Recommended,418370,29735165,Posted: 5 February,all,mick_e3,its over BOOOI!+looks postcard beautiful+jack+first personI played through it in 20 beautiful hours. enjoying every minuteI really liked it and want more :)8.5/10
,Recommended,418370,29735413,Posted: 5 February,all,Penguin,"1) Essential Purchase2) Recommended Purchase3) Recommended During a Sale4) Not Recommended Unless Heavily Discounted5) Shouldn't Even Be On SteamResident Evil 7 is a first person survival horror game developed by Capcom. Resident Evil 7 brings back the horror and roots of Resident Evil in this new installment of the franchise, and there is no doubting that. For years the game has became more and more action packed rather than trying to spook us like earlier installments had done. The game begins with Mia (The protagonist's wife) recording a very dark and disturbing message to her husband Ethan. Three years later he comes across a bit of information that leads him to the Baker residence. That's the best non-spoilery way I can explain it. I think anyway. From there the nightmare begins and a nightmare it definitely is... At the time of this review, I have completed both endings and am now half way through the Madhouse gamemode.PROS +Horror is back, and it's good! I haven't felt so much dread about something for a while, Which means this game is doing it's job. This is heading Resident Evil in a new, and right direction.Enemies are genuinely terrifying, especially the Bakers. Moreso Jack and Marguerite than Lucas.Puzzles are cool, and not too difficult, but more on the clever side. And the game does include a hidden puzzle, and treasure pictures showing you locations in the house to find hidden upgrades or materials.Voice acting is great, especially Jack Baker!Atmosphere is creepy as hell.Well optimized (considering I ran this game on a i5-3230 and a gtx 660m at 45-50fps. That's right alaptop. I mean craptop.Sound is very well designed. Love how you can hear the mold crawling in the walls and banging on windows and walls. Very spooky. Very good.Madhouse is awesome! Although if you preordered and have the difficulty unlocked early, I wouldn't recommend playing that before Normal. It's much more interesting see what's changed from Normal to Madhouse, some enemies spawn in areas they didn't before which is surprising and scary.. (That crawling molded scared the absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me near the safehouse room passed the scorpion door...)It's quite cool. Also all enemies are faster, you need VHS tapes to save, you get hit way harder, spawns and autosave rates are toned down. True survival horror.Atmosphere is creepy as hell.8-12 hours is honestly the perfect time for a horror game, in my personal opinion. This might be something that gets me slammed in the comments but honestly I think after that time frame the game would just cease to surprise and spook you. This game doesn't drag on, it does time perfectly.Nods to great movies from many years ago. It's true that make kids who play wont pick these up but to those who know what I mean, hats off to ya. (I think they're pretty evident inspirations tho.)Soundtrack is pretty creepy and really helps set the tone in several scenarios.Mehs:Molded can't break down doors. Imagine how much this would change things about the game, and how terrifying it would be. (They can't even do it on Madhouse. :steamsad: )VR exclusive to PS4 for a year. This sucks for those who don't have one that wanted their first experience in VR. Now a year is too long I feel, but whatever.Same with the DLC, comes out first for PS4. But I can live with it. Main story is good enough for me for right now. Others, don't feel the same.Sluggish movements are only in the Meh section because people complain about it a lot, but you have to understand that it's only because the game was honestly designed for VR... So the sluggish movement is to help prevent motion sickness from VR users whenever the feature becomes available, even tho I've heard reports people still get sick. Also I find that the sluggish movements make the game scarier. (Especially on Madhouse)NO ""RESIDENT EVIL"" WHEN YOU START THE GAME :steamsad:Lack of variety in enemies. This one doesn't bother me too much. Glad they didn't go too crazy with enemy types but there may be more in the upcoming free dlc ""Not A Hero"" considering that the dlc looks more Action packed then the main game story.CONS -You can cheese all molded enemies in this game. If you know the spawns and how to despawn them by running into rooms they can't follow forcing them to go away and then quickly running passed them as they respawn. (sometimes in different more convenient locations) Which brings me back to how Molded should be able to break doors down or something to help them follow you around and be more of a threat, than they are currently in-game. Madhouse will surprise you tho because it does place enemies in locations they weren't on easier modes.Price tag on dlc is a little steap for what is in it. But 30 dollars should have been 15-20 or just include Nightmare and Ethan Must Die with the base game.Replayability is alright if you haven't completed Madhouse yet or grabbed all the collectables. But to be fair the endings aren't too different aside from one being the bad ending with an extra ""bossfight"" and the other being faster and more lighthearted.Despite all of the early hate this game recieved from 'True Resident Evil Fans' I think it's proved a lot of people wrong, and showed that Capcom still has what it takes to create a masterpiece of a video game. This game is very much a Resident Evil game, period. This is a very good restart to a bad run they've had going in previous years. I just hope they continue this trend and don't listen to the 'True Resident Evil Fans' bashing them at every turn, and all the sad excuses they came up with to try and dispute the fact that this is a Resident Evil game. Welcome to the new age of the Resident Evil series love it or hate it. And I'm definitely loving it. Good on Capcom, don't count them out.I will be adding more to this review as I discover things that I don't enjoy or do enjoy as time goes on..P.S.That scene with Jack near the end of the game was heartbreaking.P.P.S.THAT'S TOTALLY NOT CHRIS AT THE END! Dirty dirty Umbrella... ;)"
76561198063171234,Recommended,418370,29735685,Posted: 5 February,all,GRU50M3,U gon git family'd boy.
,Recommended,418370,29741666,Posted: 6 February,all,Neleros,"Quite possiby the best Resident Evil since the original. A must buy for fans of the franchise, or fans of horror games.I personally don't even like horror games, and this is easily worthy of a 10/10."
76561198167903399,Recommended,418370,29822116,Posted: 10 February,all,IQ BOY,"I Can say its recommended and worth buyingalltho there is a down point about it: divs did a great job with the whole game exsept horror (yes its not scary after the first 2-3 hours)but still has a great suround sound, shooting mechanics, graphics, voice acting......and its one of the best optemized PC gameds Ever"
76561198010259418,Recommended,418370,29810973,Posted: 9 February,all,Barnhouse,"Just completed this. Wow is all I can say, not in many many years have I been so engrossed by a single player story. They completely turned resident evil on it's head, I found myself re-living the times as a kid playing RE2 being too terrified to even continue through the game. What an amazing experience this has been. Its like they took it back to the old resident evil but improved everything on it and made it feel so good and rewarding to play. The first person works great I can;t wait to see what else they make when it comes to it."
,Recommended,418370,29813426,Posted: 9 February,all,DeadPastaVanitas,I loved this Game! It was amazing and very different for once :) and it kept me on my Toes!
76561197970591881,Recommended,418370,29812856,Posted: 9 February,all,Spiele mit Lenkrad,Haven't had this much fun with a resident evil game since 4.Takes the core formula and reinvents it while staying true to the series.It feels fresh like RE4 felt fresh compared to the games before while still feeling distinctively resident evil.
,Recommended,418370,29774070,Posted: 7 February,all,AnorexicShark,"A genuinely great game, better than any horror movie ive ever seen. Best in the franchise behind RE4.94/100"
76561197972442923,Recommended,418370,29774286,Posted: 7 February,all,sneks give gud hed (Razzar),Its good
76561198040954532,Recommended,418370,29774317,Posted: 7 February,all,Jigga Nones,"Great way to keep the franchise alive, brings you back to the true resident evil horror while keeping it freash, Couldn't put the game down"
,Recommended,418370,29792997,Posted: 8 February,all,dingdingchomp,"Ive completed this game on my Xbox One and also on my Playstation 4. I loved it so much I grabbed it for PC. This game is one of the best horror games ever made. I am a horror film fan first and play video games off and on. This game is not super scary to me but others may think otherwise. Personally I thought P.T./Silent Hills Teaser was the benchmark in horror gaming. The demo was had alot of aspects from P.T. with weird deep puzzles and codes, yet this game does not have that. Well as far as we know. Which was a let down. The puzzles are still good but on the easy side, and the VHS tapes you find are super awesome. Also its back to its survival horror roots with this one. Low ammo and keys for doors that leads to more doors.  My kind of Resident Evil. Its spooky, but not poop your pants scary, but it came pretty close to it. Best so far.But P.T. is still the best invention in modern horror and Capcom seemed to notice. I think no one knew how to truly make a scary anymore after Silent Hill Team went away. Weird how that works. I say buy it play it and play it again. 9.5/10"
,Recommended,418370,29793077,Posted: 8 February,all,webshark2000,"The Resident Evil franchise takes a step back to the survival horror days of Resident Evil 1-3. But this time, you're playing in 1st person. Along with the haunting atmosphere, all of the old tropes are back including safe rooms, door puzzles, shotguns and flamethrowers, and inventory management.If you're a fan of the original Resident Evil games, you're going to love this installment. The graphics are amazing and the sound design is spectacular, causing you to constantly wonder if that noise you heard was an enemy or just some ambiance adding to the atmosphere.If you're a fan of survival horror, you don't wan to miss this game. Just make sure you play it at night, with the lights out, alone, wearing headphones. Or, if you're really brave, play it in VR.I give Resident Evil 7 a 9.5 out of 10."
,Recommended,418370,29792227,Posted: 8 February,all,Khaos (S'A),"I dunt words gud.Game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing. It's a true return to form for the series, and I cannot suggest it hard enough.Just buy it, and love it."
76561198260501425,Recommended,418370,29792415,Posted: 8 February,all,The Man; The Piss; The Legend,amazing
,Recommended,418370,29792848,Posted: 8 February,all,SLURM187,"Finally Capcom figures out what made the series great. After weak offerings in 5 and 6, 7 stands with the best the series has to offer. It opens in a terrifying experience that does not let up. The game is short, but every second is worth the asking price. It's tense, terrifying, and rewarding. Many of the puzzles are self explanatory, but graphically this game is fantastic. If you were a fan of the first three games, this game will be loved."
,Recommended,418370,29462378,Posted: 24 January,all,GizZy,Havent played Resident Evil since it started going down hill.. Well i can now say that this has to be the best game since the orignals by far. I have not felt safe once in my time playing so far and when you do feel as if your safe that goes straight out the window. For the first time in a long time its gone back to its roots taking elements like puzzel solving and exploration from RE 1 and its insanely well done. I think this is a step in the right direction and i hope they keep doing it. I couldnt recommend this more if your a Resident Evil fan then you will most likely love this game. True survival Horror is back and its back with a bang!.... WELCOME TO THE FAMILY SON!
,Recommended,418370,29462382,Posted: 24 January,all,uwu uwu,"The gameplay reminds me a lot of Condemned than Resident Evil. Other than that, it's pure RE than RE5 and RE6 tried to be."
76561198132214230,Recommended,418370,29462589,Posted: 24 January,all,issac_tam6,"I don't play much horror games, but this one is awesome!!"
,Recommended,418370,29462565,Posted: 24 January,all,Crumbled,Game runs ♥♥♥♥ing amazing on very high everything. graphics are insane. be prepared to♥♥♥♥♥♥yourself because this♥♥♥♥♥♥will have you jumping...i5 6500 @3.21070gtx16gb 2400 ramposted a few screenshots and will keep posting more!definitely recommend if you have the extra money.
,Recommended,418370,29463452,Posted: 24 January,all,outdodrobro,Pretty poorly optimized for NVIDIA GTX 960CPU: i5 640012 GB RAMGreat game so far though it's a real Resident Evil game like RE 4 the one we all know and love.
76561198011032345,Recommended,418370,29463501,Posted: 24 January,all,ClockworkOrange,"A welcome return to the roots of the resident and his evilness.Great story, immersiveness, visuals and acting.10/10"
76561198071880615,Recommended,418370,29475880,Posted: 24 January,all,놀란☆,"You get the same feel as RE1-3 but in first person! You get the nostalgic feeling from the first RE games in the series and actually feels like a survival horror again. Definitely should play if you want to get that ""AHHHHH, holy crap"" feeling."
,Recommended,418370,29475899,Posted: 24 January,all,Darkwarrior,"Really loved this game. At first there were a few performance issues when moving between rooms but after fixing that, one of the best experiences i've had. Great story along with a certain part for people who have played the other Resident Evil games. Overall, definitely recommended."
,Recommended,418370,29475925,Posted: 24 January,all,Jack Baker,"Resident Evil 7 is a brilliantly designed horror game that grabbed me and never let go. Rather than force jumpscares down your throat, the game opts to keep the tension high through disturbing dialogue, utterly monstrous enemies shambling at you in cramped hallways, and a cast of vile antagonists who present more of a terrifying threat than Slenderman or Chris Walker ever could. When jumpscares do occur, they rely more on exploiting the already uncomfortable atmosphere than forcing a cheap startle. You may be at the dead end of a hallway when one of the cannibalistic, immortal swamp people stalking you decides to round the corner, or you may uncomfortably walk past the everly creepy wheelchair-bound Baker family member, expecting her to jump out... she may or may not, you'll have to see for yourself. Rather than focusing on evading these lunatics the entire game, there are many sections in which you may use one of several unique weapons to face down shambling horrors known as the Molded. These abominations are even more terrifying in the new first person perspective, and their reactions to gunfire and lumbering gait will force you to line up your shots carefully as they draw ever near. To my disappointment, the Molded only come in a few varieties, all of which can be dealt with in similar ways, and they begin to lose their impact as weapons and ammo become more prevalent as the game progresses. Indeed, the game is more difficult and tense in the first half as resources are limited and your inventory is pitifully small, forcing you to make choices such as sacrificing ammo in favor of healing supplies. The latter half of the game is much closer to Resident Evil 4, remaining atmospheric but presenting you with much bigger groups of enemies and weapons to deal with them. It is definitely satisfying to go from hopelessly outmatched for most of the game to blasting away with your shotgun, but I still would have liked if the enemies could have become tougher to reflect the player's progress. Surviving the later fights becomes much more a test of skill than resource management, which disappointed me somewhat and caused the game to lose some of its horror as I neared the end. However, an overwhelming majority of the game is a harrowing, engrrossing experience which I will not forget. There is a certain section of the game so frightening and unnerving that I believe it will set the standard for horror, and I hope that you will purchase this game and experience it first hand."
76561198289603064,Recommended,418370,29475927,Posted: 24 January,all,NomadHealer,"This is a great game and if you're a fan of the older resi this is definitely a step in that direction.Graphics, controls, audio, story, and gameplay all wonderfully done.However, I really miss resi 1-3 style zombies and monsters...with this new engine they could whip up some serious oldschool resi..8/10"
76561198216127020,Recommended,418370,29475931,Posted: 24 January,all,Specializes in happiness !,"the evil is back !new ideas , bast story , graet game playthank you capcom :)"
76561198078137432,Recommended,418370,29475949,Posted: 24 January,all,Zerofhx,10/10 would♥♥♥♥♥♥pants again
,Recommended,418370,29476129,Posted: 24 January,all,ChrisMa130,feels very much like the old Resident Evil 1.10/10 would want more RE games liek this.
,Recommended,418370,29457754,Posted: 24 January,all,MiniatureBigMac,"THIS is a real Resident Evil experience. It's absolutely terrifying. None of these ridiculous onslaughts of infected coming at you that you just blast away with no problem. No running through a level like an action hero with absolutely no thoughts of possible death. Survival horror in its purest form, and it is beautiful when it runs smooth as butter. Optimized for your PC and for your sheer terror. Love it. Great game. I'd recommend it to anyone looking for a scare, or looking for reminiscence of back when Resident Evil was a horror game and not an action adventure game. I have only one complaint, and that is that you sprint at the speed of a slug. Otherwise though..10/10 would poop my pants and have night terrors againEdit: completed the game today and my final verdict is amazing game, just a bit too short in my opinion."
,Recommended,418370,29476173,Posted: 24 January,all,Jill Sandwich,1.000.000/10
76561198359343433,Recommended,418370,29476182,Posted: 24 January,all,神奇的男人,It is a good game Very insteresting！
76561198122170792,Recommended,418370,29476196,Posted: 24 January,all,kostyaalimov,"Excellent, Brilliant, Perfect. Its a game for all times!!!"
76561198218935136,Recommended,418370,29476251,Posted: 24 January,all,LikeASavior,Great Game!
76561198126684527,Recommended,418370,29476260,Posted: 24 January,all,younglooch,"A return to Resident Evil's roots.  Less action hero, more survival horror."
,Recommended,418370,29476267,Posted: 24 January,all,Bash,"After so many years, Capcom rediscovers the winning formula. This is a major return to form. There's no co-op gimmicks, no partner gameplay, no ""evil goes global,"" no jarring switches between narratives (it does this, but it does it right), and no compromises. It's a proper survival horror, shot through with inspiration, from other horror games to classic horror movies. Make no mistake. This is not a walking simulator. Ethan goes from dispatching lone enemies with a pocket knife to engaging memorable bosses with a machine gun.This game has both literal references to previous games, and indirect ones, harkening back to  memorable scares, classic puzzles and enemy types. This might be a new chapter, but the Molded and various boss fights strike of RE5 and Revelations.This is a HUGE jump in the right direction. There are some minor technical issues at this time, and there are a few minor story elements that are lacking. The second half doesn't feel as properly constructed as the first, but it's still a joy to play. The game doesn't overstay its welcome, clocking in at around 8 to 9 hours.9.5/10"
,Recommended,418370,29476447,Posted: 24 January,all,staypuftman,got spooked
76561198095837791,Recommended,418370,29476482,Posted: 24 January,all,TheRealEZ,Incredible gameplay!!
,Recommended,418370,29476495,Posted: 24 January,all,No Leaf Clover,A must buy for any fan of the horror genre!
76561198064768387,Recommended,418370,29476524,Posted: 24 January,all,DeathWish4321,I've always been a huge RE fan sense I was 13 and I bought RE4 on PS2. I loved it and put countless hours into it. I also played and loved RE5. 6 was a bit of a let down to be honest. But what Capcom did with RE7 is just amazing. They've blended survival horror with action so smoothly and perfectly it's a must play for first time RE players and fans of the series such as myself. Can't wait to put many more hours into this masterpiece. Well done Capcom. Well done!
,Recommended,418370,29476544,Posted: 24 January,all,Dhise,Great resident evil game. Great horror game. Great story game. A+
,Recommended,418370,29476549,Posted: 24 January,all,Games Dean,Do I recommened this game? Yes. a million times yes.
76561198084051373,Recommended,418370,30022597,Posted: 18 February,all,Blaze it 𝖌𝖆𝖇𝖇𝖆,"Resident evil 7 has just literally saved Capcom, this game is on par with RE 4 in terms of quality, its different but at the same time its a modern recencarnation of RE1/2/3. For starters the writing is good, its intriguing from start to finish but it really pulled me in towards the end segment. The Puzzles are simple but still make you feel like your in an RE game not including 6, the graphics are amazing in some sections but then are just great in others (it depends on the lighting), the gameplay may not be as tight and fluid as RE4 but in RE7 its a breath of fresh air to see how capcom utilizes the first person prespective in a horror setting. And now the characters.....its strange how voice acting and dialouge could really create a character, Ethan (the main protagonist) is a level headed ordinary guy who is kind of a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ if you think about it, Jack is a trump supporter, Marguerite has seen a Bugs Life too many times, Lucas is♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥nerd and Aunt Rhody is just chillin for most of the game. This game pulls off and RE4 in which the entire atmosphere and enviorment changes towards the 2nd half of the game which I really enjoy because it keeps me away from being bored. Even though it has taken me around 8 hours to complete, I still havent played through it on madhouse difficulty or played the extra content, this game will probably be the best 8 hours of an RE game you will ever play. ""Its not Classic Resident Evil"" my♥♥♥♥♥ I give Resident Evil 7 an 9.5 out of 10."
76561197980404840,Recommended,418370,30110810,Posted: 22 February,all,asensi0,"I'm going to preface this review by saying that I've never played any other of the Resident Evil games, and if you think that means my opinion is irrelevant, okay.  This review will be basing it off what it was like to me playing a standalone horror game.I don't play many horror games besides some of the indie ones that have come out in the past like the old Slenderman games that we've all played, and I never gave Outlast a shot, so I can't say I'm a huge horror game buff.  However, if you allow yourself to become immersed in the world of Resident Evil 7, I think that you will enjoy it.The game looks beautiful, and for me at least, ran smoothly.  The ridiculous amount of visual options it gives you allows you to play it to full effect.  There weren’t really any visual glitches that I can remember, and I never really found an area within the gameplay world that lacked detail.  If you’re somebody like me and you enjoy stories and immersion, then the graphical style of the game will be enough to satisfy you.The gameplay is a different subject altogether though, and here I risk losing some people who have been fans of the RE series their whole lives.  Though I enjoyed some aspects of the combat, the uselessness that one feels when they fight some of the enemies in the game doesn’t make me think that it’s a difficult challenge, it just feels like filler.  The enemies (outside of any of the Bakers) to me just feel like bullet sponges whose entire purpose are to make you dispense ammunition.  It becomes a dull chore after a while and instead of feeling frightened and challenged by these enemies monotony begins to creep in.  The linear aspect of the game makes it so you will know where and how many enemies will spawn, thus adding to the feeling of monotony over challenge.  As someone who is currently on their second playthrough on a harder difficulty (I beat it on normal, now I’m playing again on madhouse) the addition of new spawn points for enemies are still fresh, but I fear once I beat it again I will have no reason to step foot back down this path.  On the contrary, there are some points in the game where the combat is fun while challenging.  The whole end sequence on the boat where you, at first, have no idea where the enemies will be coming from is awesome.  The boss battles are interesting ideas, and while they too are always the same, that’s usually the case.  I enjoyed the craziness that occurred with every subsequent boss fight, and the surprises were well worth it.  One of the biggest problems I have with the game is that not enough time is spent on puzzles and searching for clues, because these are the parts where I had the most fun.  Nothing says atmosphere like creeping around a house with immortal Jack Baker looking for you, and to me those moments were the best parts of the game.This all begs the question: is it worth the price?  I think so, considering $60 now is the standard AAA game cost.  I think the season pass is over kill especially at an additional $30.  You are pretty much paying $60 to play an interactive horror movie, but the horror movie is less like The Boy and more like The Witch.  If you appreciate horror, especially horror films, I think you will enjoy this game.  And if you have a VR headset that would probably make it more enjoyable.TLDR: I enjoyed the game, it was fun experience, and the second playthrough on madhouse will be a fun challenge.  The game feels far too linear however, most confrontations happen in the exact same spot regardless of difficulty and begin to feel monotonous after a while.  The story is good, probably worth the price of the game, but the season pass is no way worth an extra $30 and should have been included either with the original $60 purchase or at an expense of like $5-$10."
,Recommended,418370,30110891,Posted: 22 February,all,Force of Nature,just simply amazing really revamped the series and putting it back on top im very happy with this installment
,Recommended,418370,30111487,Posted: 22 February,all,PrestigiousWrath,"Really like this game, 22 hours in (and more on the way) it's genuinely scary. Love the story, the gameplay and graphics. The new RE Engine is amazing compared to past engines they've used. Hoping to see a lot more RE games like this in the future whether they be in First Person or in Third Person view. It brings back the anxiety that the older games use to give, not knowing what's around the corner. My only complaint would be lack of variety of creatures. It's not a huge negative since they must have worked on the new RE Engine before making 7. Hoping that RE8 will be bigger in size and story!"
76561198049888123,Recommended,418370,30112075,Posted: 22 February,all,cronus105,Spent 1 hour in the same hallway stabbing fungus men.11/10 would lose foot again.
76561198050700848,Recommended,418370,30109756,Posted: 22 February,all,Surmountable Odds,"I've been creeping the corridors of the Baker manor probably just as much as its denizens over the last two weeks. I know all the nooks and am on a first-name basis with the crannies. I probably don't have any brilliant revelations that you haven't already heard about this game: astounding graphics (which will not play on underpowered systems - so think about that before you buy) and a return to form for the series as far as tension vs. high action.  If you grew up in the 90's and had a PSone memory card dedicated to RE 1 and 2, like me, then this just might be a game for you."
,Recommended,418370,30108375,Posted: 22 February,all,|-/ youdontknowwhatthatmeans,Oh My God this was an amazing game one of the best horror games to exist would totally recommend to any one who is a big fan (like me) of first person survival horror game but not for the faint hearted but one minor flaw: Ending 1 was a bit cheesy ngl but still amazing cant wait to jump into madhouse brilliant suspense had me on edge the whole time and a massively amazing game if the 8th one is going to be like this then instantly my buy so thats my review best game of 2017 that means BUY IT
,Recommended,418370,29602271,Posted: 31 January,all,Centrelink_AUS,wow this was an amazing experence capcom has finally brang resident evil back to it's roots and they didn't screw up the lore of the series with the bit about umbrella this was a 10/10 game for me if capcom continues resident evil down this path they will be going in the right direction i cant wait for the dlc to come out for pc i can see myself coming back to this game over and over again the way they pulled it off has made it something that i know i will always come back to
76561198082434208,Recommended,418370,30038816,Posted: 19 February,all,FreakishGenie,"Highly recommend. I enjoy horror genres and don't typically scare easy, but this one had me jumping or hesitating going through a door because of what might be on the other side. Having never played a previous Resident Evil game, I found myself going back through the Steam store looking for other Resident Evil games to play. The story is great, the environment is very well done with lots of little details and fun surprises for veteran RE players. If you are even THINKING of MAYBE getting this game, you should definately do it. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,418370,30041061,Posted: 19 February,all,Draken,"T'was a long time since I got this immersed and entertained in a game!The first 1/3 of the game was pure horror for me and I had to pause several times to relax, not freak out and catch my breath. Later, it transitions into more a RE-esque gameplay. Really nice combination, although I'm not the biggest fan of the ""molds"" monsters. Would have been nice with a good 'ole zombie horde passing through the middle of the swamp.Did not buy season pass straight away because I can read. Will wait some time and buy later this spring. Gotta let this experience sink in.All in all, I really recommend this game for both first-time RE players and for veterans that like to go back to the atmosphere of the earlier games."
,Recommended,418370,30016244,Posted: 18 February,all,CryKitty,"Resident Evil 7: Biohazard is an oppresive return to form for a series that honestly hasn't really gripped me until now.TL;DR: The best horror game I've played, and I'm anxious for more in the form of DLC and sequels-- this game deserved my money and yours so we can encourage the developers to make games like this. It's intense, scary, has some great technology behind it (well optimized and has great sound design), and is full of dread.This game touches a few different types of horror throughout the campaign: there's a bit of Texas Chainsaw Massacre, a bit of F.E.A.R, a bit of SAW, etc., and it handles those types of horror masterfully. From beginning to end, there's a palpable sense of dread and unease that will make part of you really not want to progress, though this is overwhelmingly overshadowed by the desire to push through this fun and intense experience.Graphically, it's interesting. The design itself is great, with some photorealism and artistic liberties thrown in here and there to keep the game feeling... fantastical. It's a great looking game, especially from a distance, but getting too close to some textures will definitely show off a sort of lack of depth to the objects. The characters all look disturbing and great, and the environments ooze atmosphere from the design itself.The sound design is on point. The entire game will keep you on edge from simple noises you can hear 2 rooms down, and everything in the game has a sense of perminence and weight that really stems from the sounds they make-- footsteps, scrapes against the walls and floors, the way screams echo down the hallway.The story (no spoilers) will please most people, including long-time fans. There's an air of mystery throughout the entire experience, and it doen't fully pay off until the last maybe half-hour in this 10-ish hour game. The action is well paced alongside the narrative, and you'll be constantly weaving in and out of action, intensity, and story which keeps things fresh and pushes you along in a comfortable (or uncomfortable, depending on how you look at it) pace.I couldn't be happier with this game, and will gladly recommend it to everyone. If this is what's in store for us in the Resident Evil series, sign my♥♥♥♥♥up."
76561198031726469,Recommended,418370,30012996,Posted: 18 February,all,dyoung1978,"So I will start off and say this game looks and feels like old school RE games. I loved the first person shooter look, and the storyline was pretty amusing and fun to follow. The game didnt really appear to have very many bugs on my laptop. The XBOX controls are flawless and responsive.The only thing I can say about beating this on normal was I felt the game was lacking in monsters, I seemed to fight the same 5 monsters repeatedly. There wasnt any puzzles I recall, and the weapon select was lacking. The other thing I didnt like was it took me under 11 hours to beat the game, and most boss fights I could solve with dying only once and that was learning their attacks and figuring out the method to beating themI can suggest this game but know this would be a good title for a sale purchase. If id known it was going to be a simply walk through I would have rent it on my PS4"
,Recommended,418370,29992405,Posted: 17 February,all,Baba One,Is good
76561198069122702,Recommended,418370,29996725,Posted: 17 February,all,Villemand,bad crashing
,Recommended,418370,29994230,Posted: 17 February,all,Atherax,How positively marvelous!
76561198093814131,Recommended,418370,29994254,Posted: 17 February,all,Dice,"Amazing game, perfect horror atmoshpere and aesthetic, great combat mechanics too."
,Recommended,418370,29967757,Posted: 16 February,all,[-OC-] Qrow Branwen,"Thank you Capcom. Thank you A LOT!Since Years of failure and a straight downward horror-quality, you made RE7 a true Resident Evil again. The Survival Horror is real now. And it feels so good to be back at that.ratings in Order of personal importance:Story: 7/10 well it was a bit too thin for my taste but this might be because I have several years of Horrormovies and games  experience so I tend to see what is comingGameplay: 10/10 Micromanagement, rare Items, Puzzles, Hide and seek, returning enemies (Nemesis-syndrome)...Fear!Voice Acting: 9/10 Good Voice actors, brings very good atmoshphere into the Game. Only one critic...Ethan is often tooo calm for what is happening right now ;)Graphics: This is the Future, where Graphics are good! (c) MarkiplierFinal Score: A solid 9/10. Keep it up Capcom! You're on the right track again. Thank you for that."
76561198014750057,Recommended,418370,31032098,Posted: 8 April,all,jonlynfo,"One of the scariest, creepiest game I've ever played. And it's always fun to be surprised on what will happen next!"
,Recommended,418370,29997973,Posted: 17 February,all,[ZfH]Laviathon16 (Legal Assasin),"From the catastrophe that was 5 and 6, Capcom have actually ""reanimated"" this franchise. Playing in a dark room with headphones at max volume really gives you the experience of being scared rigid. Madhouse was a masterpiece addition, not just the same thing with the enemies having more HP and the ammo you pick up being less. Nope, everything changes and challenges.This one has taken the aspects of the originals that made them great and pulled them into the modern gaming era. Don't get me wrong I love a fixed camera with moaning zombies out of sight as much as the next guy. But this first person version of that, with the creepy house and immortal enemies as well, was everything I hoped the game would be. The easy and normal difficulties unfortunately don't have much replay value, but madhouse brings it back."
76561198052890734,Recommended,418370,30038554,Posted: 19 February,all,jensenrj,"I do recommend. Great graghics. Creepy ambiance. Fun gameplay. Be prepared though, content is a little skimpy for the price. I'm hoping for more through DLC. I'm glad I purchased it anyway. I don't think many will be disapointed."
76561198262147887,Recommended,418370,29548948,Posted: 28 January,all,ma999am999,i was never a resident evil fan but after playing this game i am!this game just blew me away literally finished it twice in a rowhonestly best horror game in recent memory i truly think they've crated something special here
,Recommended,418370,29549077,Posted: 28 January,all,Funny Boy Large,"This is one of the best RE games I've played since 4.Its scary, not jumpscare scary, but unnerving scary. They Graphics are pretty good, nothing to write home about as this level of detal is somewhat expected now, but they are fitting and serve their purpose. The gunplay is nice, feels good, I only wish that the pistol was a bit louder though, It seems quiet. That could just be me. But this game still has, as all games do, flaws. It seems alot of people are mad about the switch from 3rd person to 1st, but for me it is a welcome change.Pros:- You never feel safe in this game, every room has you on edge- well opitimized- the immersion is real, its one of those games where you forget to blink while playing it.- Inventroy manage, you have to think about every shot is worth it. Never know when you are gonna get bullets againCons:- The inventory is clunky, it is cumbersome to move and transport items between your storage and your invetory.- aside from the member of the family, the enemy types are few and far between, only having 4 that I can remember.- the story is kinda shallow, if you haven't played any another RE games you would be pretty confused untill the end.Overall this game is 9/10.SPOILERS:What happend to Lucas? I don't seem to remember him dying. Is he in the next DLC maybe?????"
76561198273717111,Recommended,418370,29549273,Posted: 28 January,all,Gondo98,"It's a pretty awesome horror game so far. Rather it just being a hide and seek game like alot of other horror games it adds puzzles and some gun play. The only pretty annoying problem is that it studders. A LOT! Sometimes 5 frames sometimes 20.Oh and by the way, always face Daddy. He likes to do this little goofy FAST run to you that you can't really get away from if you are turned around."
76561198048860782,Recommended,418370,29549359,Posted: 28 January,all,Stahn,Nice but i completed it in 9 hrs. Normal pace and i am not an awesome gamer
76561198051756972,Recommended,418370,29549442,Posted: 28 January,all,GreyGoose987,"A step in the right direction but still a long way to go.Resident Evil 7 is a funny game to review. On one hand it feels like the most “Resident Evil” game in a long time, on the other hand it really doesn’t stand up to even RE6.Visuals and sound in RE7 are outstanding save the firearms. You really do feel as if you’re in Louisiana on the bayou fighting for your life against insurmountable odds. They do an outstanding job of instilling fear into the player at least until story and gameplay issues creep in.The story starts on a contrivance and ends on one too. Ethan the story's main character hears from his wife who has been missing for three years. On a whim he leaves for Louisiana in a coupe wearing a button down shirt, slacks and square toe shoes. He arrives at a dusty looking mansion deep in the bayou never thinking that he should be prepared for anything. In every other RE that is a part of the numbered series the heroes come at least somewhat prepared carrying a pistol at least. And by the way the game ends Ethan should have known better. Things in the game kind of just happen and there is no real flow. This is made clear by the fact that someone calls you on conveniently placed phones to tell you what to do next right as you complete the previous objective. This happens through most of the game then the main villain reveals them self in a most predictable matter. After that you spend the rest of the game tracking down the big bad, kill them and the game ends.Gameplay is a bag of cheap mixed nuts. Bad jumpscares, good jumpscares, a pedestrian set of weapons, puzzles for the sake of puzzles, backtracking for the sake of backtracking. It feels like the game is checking checkboxes more than trying for a cohesive experience. It’s like the devs think players liked RE1 for the jumpscares, puzzles and backtracking alone so put them in the game even if it doesn’t make sense. To be fair some of all the above are good but others are there just because. Weapons suck for the most part but I'm cool with this because it makes sense in this game because you are supposed to feel helpless. Also the first person prospective fits the narrative.I will give credit when it’s due, Capcom put a lot of effort into RE7 and it shows but I feel that they need to tighten up the story and gameplay.Buy if you are a RE fan, buy on sale if you are not."
76561198344455286,Recommended,418370,29578568,Posted: 29 January,all,Mikkopapi123,This was one of the best horror games I have played.
,Recommended,418370,29578607,Posted: 29 January,all,Kincaprademon,"Just finished Resident Evil VII. Hot damn that was an excellent experience!The Baker family was developed and written so well that I got truly excited every time I found a clue that went further into their history. The pacing of the entire game was spot on and no segment of gameplay ever truly out stayed it's welcome. The boss battles were imaginative and challenging, they felt like the perfect balance of horrifying and comic book crazy.The return to a fully single player, isolated and suspenseful story is an excellent shot in the arm to what could have been a deteriorating i.p. The change to a first person camera was a choice that made me skeptical at first glance but it immediately lended itself to the horror experience by making the player movement slow as to not make the game a twitch fps.The tradition of constant inventory management and careful supply of ammunition in the early game make for a excellent balance of being the mouse and the lion. Just like a Resident Evil game from the late 90s felt.On the negative side my only true complaint is that, aside from the excellent Baker family, you have some enemies that get a bit stale. The 'grunt' enemies of the game are called ""the Molded"" and they are a faceless mass of black goo turned humanoid that, after you've met them once, become little more than a nuisance that hinder your progress and make you waste ammo. The story does a good job of explaining the reasoning for the single enemy type (with multiple forms that all essentially serve to sponge away your ammo stockpile) but I do wish we had more variety in creepy things trying to kill us.Overall Resident Evil VII is a welcome new entry into the franchise and I can't wait to see what comes next from this excellent series. The experience summed up is Texas Chainsaw meets Evil Dead with a touch of Japanese horror. Mwua!""Don't tell aunt Rhody everybody's dead""9/10"
76561197966506052,Recommended,418370,29579062,Posted: 29 January,all,csspeedbump,"Resident Evil 7 is a FANTASTIC horror game.  You get a really unique feeling playing this game as you run through creepy locations, fleeing horrifying enemies as you desperately try to refer to your mental map of the house and solve puzzles under pressure.  This is a great game.  Get it!"
,Recommended,418370,29579092,Posted: 29 January,all,Megil Ithil,"The best Survival Horror of the last few years! And make no mistake, this is Survival, not Action horror.While I definitely have some issues with the game, it gets so many things absolutely right, especially the amazing pacing that constantly pushes you foreward.Great stuff, highly recommened to fans of classic RE."
,Recommended,418370,29579158,Posted: 29 January,all,Zeddy,Amazing game! Not at all as I expected
76561198081857295,Recommended,418370,29579177,Posted: 29 January,all,SixPieceNuggz,"Very good game, the story is amazing, and it reminds me of the classic resident evils.-Got chased around an old♥♥♥♥♥house by some old guy who was♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥cuz i didnt eat his food...10/10 P.S. Dont trust Granny"
76561198314492901,Recommended,418370,29579290,Posted: 29 January,all,J.Rod,"Okay seriously this is one of the best games i've ever played, up there with The Last of Us, Uncharted 4, and all those great games, they've gone back to their roots, it still does feel like resident evil, they've brought the horror back you can't just mow through zombies anymore, it had a great story, it was just perfect in my opinion, HIGHLY RECOMMENED, wish i could mind wipe myself and play it again :P"
76561198032534896,Recommended,418370,29579300,Posted: 29 January,all,WILLJLOVE,"Great game!!, Im angry that i beat it :( Cant wait for the DLC. Only complaint is, it needs to support wide screen and maybe a little patch to fix the performance but overall, great game!"
,Recommended,418370,29579311,Posted: 29 January,all,WickedWeenis,"What a game. After The horrible Resident Evil 6, its great to see such a huge change with the series while keeping it still "" a Resident Evil"" game. IF you are of fan of horror games, put your big girl panties on dive into the story of the The Baker Family for a scary, thirlling, and twisted ride."
76561198045446897,Recommended,418370,29681120,Posted: 3 February,all,That Goblin...,"Now this is a touchy subject for me zombies but not zombies, nemesis but family possessed but zombie (but not zombie)/Rapidly ageing little moss Bioweapon. I really like how this game plays and in my eyes, it is a good step towards something new so you have my attention. But do keep in mind the last time I played a Resident Evil game was back with Nemesis for the PS. When I pulled this game up it did not have the rampaging zombies like I’m used to but something new to the franchise. Daddy (Jack Baker) worked well in the story me running from him whenever I had to and hiding when I can. He was the new Nemesis in this game and I loved it. Then you throw something new to me, I have had crows, dogs and other thing chase me down but Bugs. Mother (Marguerite Baker) she made my skin crawl and she also made me mad. But at the end of the day what I truly feel about the game is that it pulls away from Chris and is awesome muscles and punching rocks into Oblivion and puts it into a more realistic era. 8/10"
76561198336848121,Recommended,418370,29681131,Posted: 3 February,all,chrisvollers,Hands down one of the best games I have ever played.  Highly recommended.
,Recommended,418370,29679003,Posted: 3 February,all,Drobile,"Super recommend! Only about 12 hours or so, but you won't play it all at once because the game is terrifying! A must for fans of horror games. This is up there with SOMA and Amnesia, but the production quality is off the charts. My new favorite Resident Evil."
76561198072510535,Recommended,418370,29681524,Posted: 3 February,all,gdrexw,This Game is amazing.  This is my first Resident Evil game and quickly became one of my favorite games ever. 9/10
,Recommended,418370,29680946,Posted: 3 February,all,Ricekrispy,"Gonna buy the season pass/10.Simply put, Resident Evil 7 is survival horror at its finest. The art direction and detail put into this game bring a sense of immersion and dread I haven't felt playing any other horror game. The sound design is arguably better than the art design, and playing this game without headphones or with quiet speakers would be like going to a rave without music. Sure, it's flashy, but the flash doesn't work without the music.Despite some out of place boss fights, RE7 is danktastic reboot of the recently lackluster Resident Boner series. Go play it."
76561198046471160,Recommended,418370,29681861,Posted: 3 February,all,Dioz,"Excellent game. Took me about 14.5 hours to complete on normal difficulty (which is nice for someone who has an adult life and a full time job). Interesting crafting system, fun unlockables to give you incentive to play through a second time. In general it did a very good job of creating a terrifying atmosphere and making me want to keep forging forward to uncover more and more of the story. Best game I have played in the last 1.5 years."
,Recommended,418370,29682115,Posted: 3 February,all,Hyde,"Pretty good horror game, don't like the bullet sponge bosses, would've been better if there were other ways to kill the bosses.Like using the car and the chainsaw for the first boss"
,Recommended,418370,29623060,Posted: 1 February,all,Anatren,"First of all, this game is terrifying.  I'm not even done with the game, and I have hit jumpscares every few minutes and can only imagine how scarey it can be for those with a VR headseat.  As is, this gameplay is much better than the orriginals, which made even simple aiming difficult.  The interesting thing is that with each boss fight, there're multiple ways to beat them if you're observant. All in all, a good challenge, and even better storyline."
76561198285062934,Recommended,418370,29581502,Posted: 30 January,all,Plastic Panorama,"Resident Evil 7 is the very definition of how to make a comeback. After years of the series going in the wrong direction it's finally fixed it's course and is now finally going in the right direction. Resident Evil 7 is not perfect, but man... it comes close.The atmosphere, world, characters, story, gameplay, sound, and graphics are all top notch. The game is EXTREMELY replayable. I personally have played through the game multiple times and definitely will play it even more in the future. New game plus is absolutely great in RE7 as well. Really makes you want to play through it multiple times.My favorite new feature is the 1st person camera. It really makes the game and series A LOT better and I hope they stick with it going forward.In my opinion, Resident Evil 7 is a modern classic and can easily be the best game of 2017. Get it, you won't regret it."
76561198339346709,Recommended,418370,29638291,Posted: 1 February,all,nawaf,i recommend this game ! very cool .. :)
76561198078127932,Recommended,418370,29638378,Posted: 1 February,all,escrotor,"La verdad GENIAL, lo uncio que no me gusto pero es muy simple es no poder usar la linterna a gusto. despues me senti jugando al re1 en mayoria, salvaron la saga con este juego."
,Recommended,418370,29640108,Posted: 1 February,all,Sketti Psychadelia,"I had a really good time with it. Was worried at first about the game being around nine hours long, but when I beat it I felt it was appropriately paced and that none of it dragged on, or felt half done. Excited for the DLC, which is an unusual thing for me.Favorite Resident Evil title in the series."
,Recommended,418370,29469172,Posted: 24 January,all,TR-Jaybles,"Analazing the playstyle:Part VII of the Resident Evil franchise is a 1st person game where it's predecessors are all 3rd person. It's a classic horror game containing the usual elements of looking for information, solving area based puzzles and fighting (or running from) enemies.Graphics:I'm using a GTX 1070 8Gb GPU and I must say that the game looks amazing Nvidia brought out a new driver about 3h after the game launched and it did indeed help some stuttering that was sometimes rearing it's ugly head. That being said some people with other GPU types are still complaining about the FPS and Stutter. But if it all works the game is incredibly good looking.Audio:The Sound in this game is what you would expect from a horror game. it give great atmosphere to the game and and is suble in it's background noise so there is no distraction from what is happening on the screen.Final Thoughts:A lot of games magazines gave this game very high scores. The hype around is was good and it has all the elements a horror game should have and still there is something missing that would make it a nominee for GOTY in the Horror genre. It's hard to put my finger on it but something is missing that stops you from fully appriciating this game. True fanboys of Horror games will know what I mean when they start playing it but it's hard to describe. That being said it's a very good game maybe a little short to my taste (10ish hours on normal difficulty) and I really don't know if it has a lot of replay value, sure you can go back into the game to find more lore items if you didn't take 'em all on your first run.Resident Evil fans should also be aware that this game differs very much from any previous game in the franchise.In the end I'll give this game a ""Yes"" you should play it,IFHorror is your thing. But for casuals I would say don't buy it for full price. €50 for a 10h game and then €30 more for the Season pass (and we don't have a playlength for that yet) is way to much even though this is a beautifull game."
76561198040545746,Recommended,418370,29508967,Posted: 26 January,all,NarrowGlitch,sexy
,Recommended,418370,29647573,Posted: 2 February,all,ATLAS,omg this is a ♥♥♥♥ing grate game so scary but so fun and the best part of this game is that i have the same name as the main character i give this game a 7-10
76561198020575563,Recommended,418370,29643103,Posted: 1 February,all,BBQBaconBurger,"Pros:+Feels like an old school RE game, more about survival horror and resource management than action+The move to FPS was handled seamlessly, plays like a charm+ Visuals, sound, and atmosphere are top notchCons:-Feels short, I easily beat it in under 4 hours-Performance issues - I had several CTDs and had to do some severe tweaking just to get the game workingOverall, pretty good game. I had a blast playing it and I'm enjoying my second playthrough. If you like old school RE or you like RE and want something new from the franchise, give it a go. YMMV on how well it plays though."
76561198048009244,Recommended,418370,29643316,Posted: 1 February,all,Dr. Van Nostrand,"The game presents the characteristics of the first games in the series, but does so in the first person perspective.  Slowly paced with fewer enemies.  Long story short, it is creepy.  t's also very good.  Not without flaws of however.  See my full discussion/review of the game here:https://youtu.be/o4nL_3q_rLA"
76561198041817599,Recommended,418370,29639459,Posted: 1 February,all,Mithos Sky,"I like this Resident Evil, much better and scary :P"
76561198354702470,Recommended,418370,29638619,Posted: 1 February,all,nathangibbs90,good game
,Recommended,418370,29639186,Posted: 1 February,all,The Shinsh,"A lot of people say it's too short.  That's fine.  But in my opinion (It's a review, what else would there be?  Pizza?  I just had pizza less than an hour ago.), it's good even though it's short.  Any longer would feel like trying to sound proof the Taj Mahal with all that pading.  It makes multiple playthroughs sort of easy.  Each weapon feels different, too.  And the documents are completely optional, being able to understand 90% of the story without them, though they make things clearer.  Madhouse feels like a completely different game, too, being only able to save at the tape recorders/players, and requiring a cassette tape to use.  And doing each challenge, such as ****** ******* the Mr. Everywhere statues, gives new items at the end of each playthrough, each adding to the gameplay in a different way.  And in a while they're going to be releasing new content.  So I wouldn't say wait for a sale, I'd say wait for the new content, if you feel about 6-8 hours is way too short."
76561198014863636,Recommended,418370,29598063,Posted: 30 January,all,Vfibbins,"Resident Evil is back!  In a market flooded with action shooters and zombie games, the developers did the best thing they could do for this game: They returned to a true survival horror formula.  If you are looking for a fast paced action horror, you will not find that here.  This game rewards patience and being thorough.Pros:- First Person Perspective.  YES, I do consider this a pro for this genre.  I was initally quite sceptical of this major change for the series, but it truly works.  I feel that 1st person increases the tension because rather than see things happen to a character, you ARE that character.  That being said, this still feels like Resident evil (prior to 5 and 6 that is.)- The inventory management doesn't take away from the experience, in fact it adds to it.  Proper management of resources always has been a part of a good survival horror game, and they did great with that here.  I enjoyed finding herbs and ammo tucked away behind boxes and in corners.- Voice Acting.  Prior games of the series had some corny lines that were more comical than frightening or tense.  The voice acting in this game is spot on for the genre.  I was truly convinced of the characters being believable (not in term of their abilities, but the psychotic nature of the family is so well done!)-The Story.  Hands down, this story alone gets a 10/10 from me.  Well written with many plot twists, the story is engaging and constantly pushes you to continue through the game.  I'd go as far to say as movie directors in the horror genre should learn a thing or two from this game.-Graphics.  I'm running a gtx 1080 on a 144hz 1440p monitor, and the level of detail is incredible.  Some of the enemies really come to life here.Cons:Limited number of modes.  In fact, really there is only 1 at this time.  That being said, I never felt that this wasn't worth my $60.  I took my time with the first playthrough and got 15 hours out of it.  After that, the unlocked ""madhouse"" difficulty not only increases damage by enemies, but moves item locations around a bit to mix things up.Other Thoughts:I'm actually glad that a cooperative mode wasn't incorporated here... it just wouldn't work.  I've seen too many ""survival horror"" series get ruined by forcing a cooperative mode in them.  Take these three titles for example: Resident Evil 5,6, and Dead Space 3."
76561198129312452,Recommended,418370,29597343,Posted: 30 January,all,geoffers,"thoroughly enjoyable best resi i have played so far gameplay great, story great, graphics great, sound great.Thanks guys and capcom keep em comming i love your company games look forward to the next selection of games you come up with. well done need more lol.you guys superb and greatful that you work in conjunction with steam love you guys."
76561198211527472,Recommended,418370,29626256,Posted: 1 February,all,FBI James Comey,Love it!
76561198192553454,Recommended,418370,29657685,Posted: 2 February,all,Strelok_718,9.5/10
,Recommended,418370,29660277,Posted: 2 February,all,Dad Joke McStroke,"Basically the best parts of Resident evil 1, 2 and 3, all mashed into one, and put into a first person perspective.I cannot emphasis how much this game feels like a pre-resi 4 resident evil title.I thought it was gonna be more along the lines of Amnesia and all the other monster closet survival horror games.Boy was I wrong, and am I glad I was wrong. Resident evil is back baby.I have more faith than ever that Resident evil 8 will be fan-♥♥♥♥ing tastic and the Resident evil 2 remake is as good as golden if they keep this up.Buy it, enjoy it, and love it."
,Recommended,418370,29660386,Posted: 2 February,all,Hesyr,"Finally a good Resident evil, Props to capcom because holy crap, how many years we are waiting for a good game from this franchise and they keep releasing those♥♥♥♥♥♥generic action games like RE5/6.Well, i definitely recommend this game for everyone who love the old ones.9/10Pros:Good graphic'sGood soundtrackGood characters and storyExcelent narrationCons:Kinda shortDespite being really optimized the game has some graphical/sound bugs (i think capcom will fix that in the next patch)Denuvo sucks (Already got cracked, I think they're going to get rid of it.)"
76561198103843246,Recommended,418370,29672122,Posted: 3 February,all,Psycho Cat,To be honest i am not a huge fan of resident evil as a franchise i only played 6 which in my opinion is an enjoyable game but leaves more to be desired from a horror perspective.But in spite of not liking resident evil too much i simply had to buy this game because of the awesome demo and all i can say is that i love this game i think its the best horror game ever madefor me the game is simply flawless it is really well structured in different parts which all have a different feel to them.The gameplay is divided into combat and exploring and both feel fun and really well made. The game is mostly survival horror with only a little bit of action.The story may seem basic but it has more to it than it originally seems. The characters in the game are solid especially the baker family.They all had a segment of the game dedicated to them one for each member of the family.I would have liked to see more from them because the last part of the game is dedicated to another character that didnt appear in the trailer which i am not going to spoil. Ethan is an awesome protagonist he reacts to everything around him and he just gets over every horror in the game with ease. Mia his wife who launches the events of the story in motion is not just a damsel in distress who wants to be saved she is more than that but i said i am not going to spoil anything that didnt appear in the trailers.The baker family mansion is a really cool setting for a cool horror game and the property has a lot of areas which you get to explore in the game. There isn't just the house there is also a second place which you get to explore towards the end of the game but that is also a secret. Is it scary? yes it is it made me jump a couple of times and made me feel scared while i was playing especially some parts. The music and the sound are great and make you feel like you are playing a proper horror experience.And in the end is it fun? For me it was a lot of fun and i definitely reccomend this game to anyone. In my opinion this is THE best horror game ever made and it should be experienced be any fan of good quality horror games.Good job capcom!!!!! i wont even give it a score for me its just i dunno i can't even explain how much i like this game i finished it 4 times already. I think its a must buy -   drops mic
,Recommended,418370,29675756,Posted: 3 February,all,Cupcake King,"This was the FIRST Resident Evil game I've played in my life and omg I want to go play every other one now.I couldn't tell if I was still in cinematic or gameplay because graphics were amazing and the atmosphere put you right in the story. It was freaky, scary, and lots of wtf moments and plot twist. Everytime I thought the game ended, it didn't...I absolutely loved the game and if you love horror games, this is a MUST play."
76561198019333163,Recommended,418370,29676033,Posted: 3 February,all,SeriousLogan,dank
,Recommended,418370,29676264,Posted: 3 February,all,shadowblink,very good story beautifull graphic awsome game try it
76561198012212412,Recommended,418370,29511652,Posted: 26 January,all,ＳＮＥΔＫＹ,"Probably the best horror game in the last few years. If you like RE 5&6 you might not like this game as it it essentially the first game's style of play but in first person.All in all, it's a wild ride that I can't recommend enough."
,Recommended,418370,29511698,Posted: 26 January,all,I Sn3Ak I,"a resident evil that takes it back to the roots. Game is great8-9/10- only reason a 10 wasnt given is the fact that some of the ai in the game doesnt automatically turn towards you when talking to you, small thing but annoying and the game is so polished it shouldnt happen.- Dont let the 1st person turn you off, i highly enjoy it and it adds a bit to the horror of the game not being able to see whats next to your character."
,Recommended,418370,29512628,Posted: 26 January,all,craizedwayz,Totally enjoyed this game. I have been a fan since part 1 on saturn/PS1 and this is a great return to form...in a different form. Kudos to Capcom. I am one of the few that loved 5 and 6 but was tired of the cheezy action. Resident evil craving satiated. Now to jump into nightmare mode.
,Recommended,418370,29512676,Posted: 26 January,all,One Eternal Ash,"Amazing, Capcom finally did it but way better than i expected. (wasn't expecting it to be on first-person view)"
76561198046067517,Recommended,418370,29512808,Posted: 26 January,all,ziegler,Resident Evil You did good.
,Recommended,418370,29512952,Posted: 26 January,all,FlunderDunder,The whole game is what happens when a black guy gets lost in the racist parts Lousisana
76561198089314065,Recommended,418370,29512947,Posted: 26 January,all,Firefoxmax,"Wow, this game takes core resident evil and makes it 10x better for an unforgettable experience. This is probably my favourite res game since 4 and is BETTER in my opinion.pros:Amazing atmosphereFun combatFun boss battlesNo cheap jumpscares through the entire game (actual horror)Weapons don't feel too powerfulThe entire Baker family feels vastly different from each othercons:Can be a bit repetitive having to get certain materials from your stash to continue on.Lip sync is a bit offWith the free ""Not a hero"" DLC dropping sometime this year with Redfield, I'd say this is 100% worth the 79.99 that I spent."
76561198138772715,Recommended,418370,29513092,Posted: 26 January,all,Catbeard,"Welcome to the family, RE7!Had weird frame rate issues when playing above 1080p resolution but a solid 60 on max settings when playing in 1080p.Otherwise, loved this! :)"
,Recommended,418370,29513264,Posted: 26 January,all,Brandon,I loved the part when eve called me daddy. very good very swag I like it.
,Recommended,418370,29559357,Posted: 29 January,all,Saucey,"Best $60 i've ever spend. Worth every penny! To get the best game experience, don't speed run through the game, take it slowly, and try to look for all the secrets (;"
76561197973210902,Recommended,418370,29561912,Posted: 29 January,all,OldDirtyBastard,Nice Game !!! Good Work!!Nice Schock Moments and Interessting Storylike we know from the good Resident Evil Parts
,Recommended,418370,29554556,Posted: 28 January,all,Macgyverthehero,"A return to form with another reinvention of what made Resident Evil so great.Final Verdict of 9/10.NOTE: Would recommend buying this on a sale, full retail price is a bit much for this."
,Recommended,418370,29554674,Posted: 28 January,all,GamingGrandpa,"Gave me the spooks, very good game.One complaint, might just be me, but aiming with a controller is nigh impossible."
,Recommended,418370,29507199,Posted: 26 January,all,Placeable,"Its like the original RE games but with a much needed upgrade.  If you like the older classic Resident Evil this is worth picking up for sure. Puzzles, item management, proper horror it's all there."
76561198107078301,Recommended,418370,29507283,Posted: 26 January,all,Krantaz,"This game honestly shocked me. I was expecting this game to be another Outlast or Alien: Isolation and oh man was I wrong. The stroy for this game alone was absolutely amazing. I was committed to figuring out every piece of the story. The game will leave you wanting to keep moving forward even with the threat of unknown enemies lurking around every corner.The enemies in the game are easy to take out, but only if they are alone. If they mob up against you, you really are gonna have to strategize your moves, whether it's to fight or run away. The boss battles are intense and challenging. I really enjoyed fighting the bosses and generally felt a sense of pride once I was finally able to beat them.The game has alot of going back and forth and trying to solve the different puzzles and figure out clues.The thing I really enjoyed the most was the story. I've played other Resident Evil games and felt the newer ones were more action/shooter instead of scary/horror based. This game brought it back to its roots and I honestly enjoyed it. It has a very rich story based plot and will keep you guessing and questioning everything until the ending which I thought they finised the put everything together nicely and gave the game closure.All and all I think this game is a MUST BUY for Resident Evil francise lovers and those enjoy horror games. Even those looking for a game to get them started in the horror  genre, this is the game to start with. The game isn't terrible long, but its not short either. It's not repetitive, nor does it get too challenging.So get out there and solve the Baker Family mystery."
,Recommended,418370,29507387,Posted: 26 January,all,Hairyreddog,"I am very early in the game... but oh man did they nail it.  Being a big fan of the early titles (up to RE4) I was cautiously optimistic about RE7 but man, they knocked it out of the park.  Very much a RE game.  Suspensful, fun, scary... all the magic is here.  Plus the voice acting is pretty good.  It feels like a western developed game with a lot of polish.  I hope this is game sells well because I want another one!"
,Recommended,418370,29507524,Posted: 26 January,all,"Donald Trumpster ""1337"" ""420""",Excellent! I have only played 4 hours but in those four hours ive been both scared and entertaind! keep up the good work!
,Recommended,418370,29475746,Posted: 24 January,all,Loli Overlord,"This game is making me paranoid. I was trying to hide from the old guy and I started to move my camera from left to right. Out of the corner of my FOV I see something move, I get sp00ped, and then I realize it's the MC's hand and I start laughing. Suddenly the old guy breaks through a wall and I get really sp00ped, so I start running around a table thinking I can outsmart the AI as he had gotten stuck in between the BREAKABLE shelf and car in the garage scene before. He chases me for a bit the stops and starts going the opposite way and kills me...RE:7 10/10 AI outsmarted me"
76561198036909594,Recommended,418370,29475763,Posted: 24 January,all,WEiEATH,"Kind excited yet kinda unsatisfied. So the game atmospher is good, even greater if u havent touched game like outlast. Battle is kinda meh, just a personal idea. Story is not great, but I am fine with it. The only problem is this game is way too short for a $60 game. I finished first normal run in about 6 hours, and almost finished second harder difficulty run, total play time is 10 hours+(I was try to speed run for my madhouse run, avoid unnecessary battle, dont talk to npc, etc), and after u beaten the hardest difficulty, there is nothing to do tbh, good thing we can get a free dlc this spring.One thing I notice is that normal and madhouse got a different enemy spawn, I mean sometime I even think I glitched the game in my madhouse run that enemy dont spawn till I reached certain point where u need to get a mission iteam/door key, the enemy  then spawned at where they should be, this might be a program issues caused by my action (I didnt pick up phone several times).Over all, this game is a great change compare to previous resident evil game.I would suggest dont play rush, like I did, unless u want to rank inRE.com."
76561198133580240,Recommended,418370,29475764,Posted: 24 January,all,Kojima,I like it until now... wish there will be any update 4 3rd person. However the game IS RESIDENTEVIL ^^
76561198008972516,Recommended,418370,29475767,Posted: 24 January,all,ThatStoney,"Haven't really played an RE game since 1 and 2, but this brings back a lot of memories. Creepy as hell and a lot of fun and I'm only about two hours in. Glad to be back!"
,Recommended,418370,29475807,Posted: 24 January,all,[GA] War is Hell[RELIC],"I liked the game.  A bit short but overall I liked the idea of the fps vs over the shoulder third person.The gameplay felt like RE and then it didn't.  The shootfest of RE6 versus this game was a nice change of pace and I think much like musicians, games need to adapt or evolve and I think that capcom took it in the right direction.I enjoyed the game and am playing through it again.The only bugs I have encountered were the game itself not showing up in my activity and not being able to view my achievements.I think that if they don't break us on the DLC and move the story along with old RE elements tying it in I think the turn in the series could be good."
76561198025031980,Recommended,418370,29475818,Posted: 24 January,all,sakutax,"Exactly what I expected from this game after waiting a year for it. Much better than 6, back to it's horror roots with puzzles and much needed horror survival feeling.10/10"
,Recommended,418370,29475822,Posted: 24 January,all,Haaselh0ff,"Specs: i7 4790k, GTX 1080, 16GB RAM. Gaming on a 1440p 165hz Monitor with G-Sync ENABLED.Basic Gameplay and StoryNow that that's out of the way... WOW! What a great game! I'm not one for ""scary"" titles but this game does a really great job of giving you the creeps and making sure you're spooked when it comes time! The story kept me intrigued and kept me wanting to come back everytime I had to stop playing to do other things. Great job! Could not recommend more for the story!! I love the backtracking in this game as it doesn't get too tedious and I feel the Level Design gives you a ton of things to see each time you come back to an area. Absolutely beautiful levels.PerformancePerformance for the most part was good (it better be!). On a 2K monitor, 165hz, G-Sync enabled, this game showed me all of its engine's beautiful glory! During play I had V-Sync DISabled (of course), Rendering Method: Normal, Resolution Scaling at 1.5, Texture Quality and Filtering both at Very High. The highest settings I could get on everything. These settings resulted in an FPS range between 55-60fps during most gameplay and some dips down into 45 during various other parts (Not too sure why, could be from the game loading various levels or it could just be that the level itself is taxing). Overall the experience was very enjoyable. I'm a little worried that this game might run like dog turd on a Radeon GPU but I'll wait and see before complaining further.Final ThoughtsResident Evil 7 is a great game with amazing gameplay. If you want a good scare or just a game that gives you the creeps, pick it up and play it. If you dream of playing this game at 4K you'll have to turn your settings down a little to reach the nice 60fps spot but I imagine the engine will still look pretty good."
,Recommended,418370,29654705,Posted: 2 February,all,★quiêt★,top game
,Recommended,418370,29654822,Posted: 2 February,all,6ʞ-Я,Amazing game that you should play
,Recommended,418370,29654601,Posted: 2 February,all,GladdBag,Very good.
,Recommended,418370,29668435,Posted: 3 February,all,The Kenyan Gingerbread Man,"Resident Evil is back, ♥♥♥♥♥es.Back to the good days - horror, upon horror, upon horror."
76561198062140387,Recommended,418370,29668653,Posted: 3 February,all,wasweq,I already finished it... TWICE
,Recommended,418370,29663981,Posted: 2 February,all,Morganagod,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5UVx4gC80eQIf you don't feel like watching my dumb vid, I'll do a quick tl;dr. This game is fantastic. It feels like Resident Evil, and anyone who says otherwise probably hasn't played it. Best RE since 4, and probably better than 4."
76561198069786111,Recommended,418370,29664288,Posted: 2 February,all,Galactic Space Jesus,"How my rating goes :Horrible > Bad > Okay > Great > Masterful--------------------------------------------STORY : OkayRE7 tells a story of Ethan Winters who thought his wife was dead, due to her mysterious disappearance for 3 years. And all of a sudden, Ethan recieved an information of his wife's whereabout and rused to the location, in which all kind of horror happened. RE7 story is a much more calm and self-contained one compared to other recent installments. There is no massive bioi-terrorism, no army of soldiers, nor over the top action sequences. The mysteries of RE7 is settled upon the Baker's residence alone. Finding out what happened to Mia (Ethan's wife) and what is the source of contamination is the goal. The game revelas back stories of Bakers family to you bit by bit via files and photos that are scattered through out all areas. However, the narration of RE7 itself is proved to be a mediocre one, as it doesn't tell you anything much more than what you'd already know, even when you reached the final part and read all the files. There're supernatural parts that seem to be un-explainable by any logics in RE universe. Eventually, player'd come to term with it being non-sense and move on. As much as the story is simple, it also leaves too many loose ends and plot holes.GAMEPLAY : GreatResident Evil 7 is no doubt a survival horror game, it is a glorious return to its root by bringing back the limited inventory slots, puzzles to solve, and push the gunplay to the back seat. The game encourages you to explore as it doesn't hand valuable supply to you so easily. Resource and inventory managment will be important, but not that crucial since it is not so challenging when you're on normal difficulty. The game actually helps you to survive by giving you decent amount of ammo and healing items and it rewards observant player. Back-tracking occasionally happens and each time you do, it is not meaningless. Planning is required and it's where the fun of the game is at. There're times when you study the threat, the layout, and where you need to go thoroughly, you plan what you're going to carry with and how many. The moment you execute your plan perfectly and find out that you have saved large amount of supplies, that is the moment when you feel full enjoyment of the game.Boss fights with the Bakers are simple but interesting and surprisingly enjoyable. Unfortunately, the game suffers from the lack of enemy's variety. Other than the Bakers, the only thing you need to deal with is The Molded, balck goo-ish monsters with big jaws. Molded could be scary at first encounter, but the tension drops heavily in each encounter, especially when you learn how easy it is to avoid them. The Molded come in three types but all of them work pretty much the same way, and don't require you to come up with new strategy or anything, you just need a bigger gun. This causes the game to go stale the futher you play. Puzzles are easy, and the final boss is a huge let down. And just like many narrative driven games, your first blind playthrough is going to be the best experience you'll ever get, the next one after that will be a walk in a park as you've learned all the scripts and how to solve puzzles. However, I do think RE7 succeeds in making exploration and item management fun again. I feel like Capcom has found a fundamental system that could make the franchise great again, and it's exciting to see what they're gonna build next upon this formula.GRAPHICS & VISUALS : GreatI won't go as far as telling you that the game is scary or not, because that depends on one's mind. However, you can not deny that RE7 is one of the best looking FPS game today. It definitely nails the atmosphere of horror and decrepit environment, thanks to brand new RE Engine. Alhtough the texture quality is not that good when you look closely, but the real star here is the lighting. Ligths and shadows in RE7 are great and they help create incredible visuals that suits well of horror settings. There's a moment like when you stand in front of a light and Ethan's shadow casts on the wall, holding gun in his hand, as he slowly walks to the door, looking like a cinematic shot from a movie, and that happens naturally through out the game.DESIGN : OkayIn term of design though, RE7 has nothing new to offer you rather than a typical slasher/horror setting film. The Bakers family is obviously based on Texas Chainsaw, and each of them is not interesting enough to make a good villain. The Molded gets more and more boring to look at very quickly, as it is not a creative monster design to begin with. Like mentioned above, the game loses its ability to interest you on the second playthrough, and it's almost impossible for it to scare you again."
,Recommended,418370,29664527,Posted: 2 February,all,Daos Legaspi,"Ok, I have never officially played a RE game, but I used to get along with a friend when we were kids,he had the N64 and I watched him play trough the whole RE2, it was always fun, I still remember some puzzles and the game style, it was awesome.A few years ago, despite not playing any RE game (just watched) I bought RE5 just to try it by myself,  I could only play for 1 hour, I got dissapointed, it wasnt even close to what I was expecting.Now, several years later and after some hype, I bought RE7 just upon release and holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ I can definately remember those RE2 days at my friends house, I even feel more vulnerable in here.I'm not into horror games myself, after all the stress in life, I'd rather play more relaxing games, but with all the hype involved, I promised myself to give a real try to RE7, and it didn't dissapoint, story, game mechanics and the final goal, horror, are extremely well put together, it's a game anyone can easily enjoy, being a casual player I find myself reading some guides from time to time, that has added up fun into the game, otherwise I could have been lost for hours on the same spot.I still don't get how the story gets related to the main plot of RE (wich honestly I still don't fully understand because I'm not a fanboy) but other people says it does relates, that's enough for me, since I'm still in the first 1/3 of the game.As a newcomer, game has been good to me."
,Recommended,418370,29666250,Posted: 3 February,all,Abyssal Radon,"This new, fresh take to the Resident Evil franchise is awesome. I enjoyed playing the game from start to finish. It took me about 9 and 1/2 hours to complete my first play through. The graphics are good, the gameplay is solid, and the scares are very good. There were a few instances of me jumping out of my chair, otherwise the ""scares"" were predictable. Despite the first person perspective, it works and feels very consistant. One complaint would be the A.I., it's fairly easy to predict the movements and on Madhouse difficulty Jack (the father of the estate) can teleport... not cool. Really would recommend this game to any R.E. fan."
76561197991670732,Recommended,418370,29666365,Posted: 3 February,all,La poia,excellent game.
,Recommended,418370,29675558,Posted: 3 February,all,The-Lost-Demon,"Awesome game.One of the best horror games i've ever played, the story and item management are from a true resident evil game. If youre a fan of the series or of action games with a tint of horror this is a must play.10/10- There's nothing i would change about this game"
,Recommended,418370,29688073,Posted: 4 February,all,Lethal Tomato,"- Casually walking through the corridor- Heard some random footsteps- Turns back- Got Scared by my own shadow- Turns back again- Jack suddenly appeared right in front of me- Panicked, Accidentally pressed heal button as I wildly move the camera10/10 would play again"
76561198060962469,Recommended,418370,29682550,Posted: 3 February,all,Braindead,"I remember being introduced to resident evil as a young(ish) youth and being absolutely terrified to move from room to room....I have not ever been able to recreate that feeling of dread or utter excitement since.Not only is this game nostalgic with the terror, it manages to do it stylish, and relevant to todays standards of what a great potenital horror game should deliver. On top of that I havent felt like I was playing a game as technically impressive as this one in a long time. ...Please buy this game if you want to;A) experience terror in a relatively new and mastercrafted way possible. *terrible voice acting is gone from previous installments*B) Be apart of the turn of a franchise going sour, and really see how beautifully scary and intelligent a resident evil game can actually be.c) You either want to crap your pants...or see if something will make you crap your pants. *it actually makes me want to talk to office co-workers and friends on how fun, exciting, and scary it is...and i dont ever do this.*Dont buy this game if;A) you are an idiot...completely understandable, just dont buy it...B) you think that resident evil 1 and 2 sucked and resident evil 6 is the best days of resident evil so far.enjoy---and♥♥♥♥♥♥ur pants with a smile"
76561198057486076,Recommended,418370,29682585,Posted: 3 February,all,Dirk79,"Best Resident Evil game in a very long time.  Great graphics, great game play and has the ""scare the crap out of you"" feel of the first few games of the series.  LOVE IT."
,Recommended,418370,29683016,Posted: 3 February,all,Xextred XIII,"It's rare that I write a review for a game... especially a Resident Evil game, but I must say... the hype is real.The game is as if Amnesia and Resident Evil 1 had a perfect sized baby.Pros:10-15 hours of total play timeShort enough for multiple playthroughsWell executed storyEasy controlsImmersive environmentsnon-repetitive and unique puzzlesUnique bosses, not all are tank and spankPlaystyle changes throughout the game segments preventing stagnation (stealth areas, puzzle areas, point and shoot areas, escape room-esque areas)Realistic weapon expectations lying aroundResource management done correctlyPlenty of fun things to unlock and find throughout the gameGreat voice acting castFinishes the story without the need of DLCCons:not many enemy typesthe ending areas are weak and tedious in comparison to the rest of the gamesome unskippable VHS tapes get in the way of second playthrough (wish there was a skip feature on second playthrough, some of the tapes can be skipped)I actually sharted at a jumpscare midgameAlthough facial animations were good overall, 2 of the faces almost seemed animated poorly which detracted from the thrill at the time(the mother and an endgame character)The different endings, were barely different and the choice felt emptyAlthough, I kind of wrote a lot of cons, they don't effect the enjoyment at all. This was by far the best Resident Evil game of the series and I hope capcom continues making games with this much heart and soul.9/10 for RE Fans7/10 for horror aficionados (The scares are only in the first half of game)8/10 for everyone else (it has action, thrills, empowerment, and puzzles)"
,Recommended,418370,29684878,Posted: 3 February,all,Filwill,"I loved almost every minute of this.  It definitely loses its way a bit near the end, but it was a small part of the game and the rest of it was just amazing.I love horror but this hide and seek trend among horror games isn't really my thing.  RE7 takes the good parts of that genre and turns them into something great."
,Recommended,418370,29684902,Posted: 3 February,all,[ P o m ],"Wow, just wow.This game has gave me so much spook'sIf you're a fan of horror game this is the game for you.You know the game is going to be good when the first screen you see says"" If you start to feel uncomfortable, please take a break """
,Recommended,418370,29685422,Posted: 3 February,all,Penthouse Pauper,"Pretty damn good. It's like your in a horror film. I kept expecting the song ""House of 1000 Corpses"" to start playing at any time."
76561198099907825,Recommended,418370,29503099,Posted: 26 January,all,BRANDON YEOH,"Scary, Ultra realistic."
76561198113610304,Recommended,418370,29501118,Posted: 26 January,all,SPRQS,"♥♥♥♥ birthday cakesP.S.Some people are experiencing major performance issues in the form of hitching/short freezes when progressing through areas, like the game can't load in the assets or something. It isn't my system trust me. First half of the game was like this for me, but after i got to the third member of the family, this problem seemed to just disappear. So idk. Still haven't finished it yet, but really good game. Seriously, buy it."
76561198071204815,Recommended,418370,29501995,Posted: 26 January,all,Gwrath,"""Welcome to the family son!""Resident Evil 7 takes place on an isolated plantation in the middle of no where. It is the REturn of classic Survival Horror game mechanics in a first person perspective.Pros:-REturn of Survival Horror. Item management, safe rooms (for saving game and storage boxes), limited health and ammo, tension and atmosphere.-The Baker family are formidable enemies with unique characteristics. Jack is a hilarious and twisted equivalent of RE3's Nemesis.- Overall great sound design despite a couple lip synching problems.- The plantation location, attention to detail of making everything look old and disgusting.- Puzzle solving.-Better than action filled cluster**** RE6.CONS- The Story, it feels like a spin-off rather than a main entry in the series. This game took ten hours to finish on first playthrough.- Aiming feels awkward for some reason.- Low REsolution models and 256 x 256 textures in most situations and these are things pretty close to view.- Lighting and Shadow glitches even on higher settings.- Slow loading, sometimes the game will freeze when going to a new area of the game.- The plantation setting is nice but feels smaller than the Spencer estate.- Not enough BOW variation compared to other REs.- No Zombies!- Cameo character for DLC!8/10"
76561198082496786,Recommended,418370,29505990,Posted: 26 January,all,Traptastic,♥♥♥♥♥♥IC GAME
,Recommended,418370,29506301,Posted: 26 January,all,Lector,Extremly good game
,Recommended,418370,29514366,Posted: 26 January,all,Mazda Customer Service,git gud
76561197971461679,Recommended,418370,29514951,Posted: 26 January,all,Grub,"I haven't played the game long yet, but i feel that it is too linear.I know it is a mystery/ puzzle game.I find that all the controls are working well, but not great.Visualy the game is great, and as for story, well as i said, i haven't played enough yet to say.I wasn't expecting some things that have happend to me so far to happen, and that was a cool twist.All in all, great game guys and hopfully i can figure it/you out on that mystery.Gameplay: Slow and methodic to start, give it a chance as i will.Controls: On the moneyGraphics: As should be nowadays, nice clear and needed when they are needed.Audio/sound: All you hear will make you think and look around , or scare the crap outta ya.My Thoughts on the game, i give it a 4.5/5 and that is only because i don't really like linear play, pref open world.Do i reccomend the game, if you wanna play something scary, hell yes."
,Recommended,418370,29515048,Posted: 26 January,all,JRAM2014,GREAAT GREAAAT GREAAAT GAME!! OMG ITS ♥♥♥♥EN GREAAT!!
,Recommended,418370,29515449,Posted: 26 January,all,AnotherHunter,"It's like FULL HOUSE but with zombies.Oddly enough the oppening for the show works just as well here. No seriously, try it."
76561198143473020,Recommended,418370,29515678,Posted: 26 January,all,gstarpriceless,the resident evil game has been going downhill since resident evil 5 and the devs realised that they would need to change things around to keep the long lasting series  alive and they made BIG changes. the game is in a first person view and has an outlast kind of style to it while still staying true to its core. very few bugs but nothing that would stop you from playing.
,Recommended,418370,29515709,Posted: 26 January,all,TwoBit,Resident Evil 7 is the best Silent Hill game sence Shattered Memories.
,Recommended,418370,29465788,Posted: 24 January,all,Dutchguts,"So.... this isn't necessarily a review, but a first impression from a die hard old school survival horror fan. So far, it has been both amazing and terrifying. Hats off to Capcom for listening to the fans and delivering what  I would say is the first quality Resident Evil game in years.Edit:I have completed the game now with both endings. My opinion hasn't changed at all! Still a solid throwback to the original Resident Evils and early survival horror titles, but played with a fresh new perspective.  The attention to detail here is amazing. I personally, cannot wait for another installment. Let's just hope Capcom learned their lesson and will ditch the action for survival horror like they did with this game."
76561198075448291,Recommended,418370,29511069,Posted: 26 January,all,Charles Vane,"dropping this review from an emergency service this game gave me a heart attack, hope i can survive and continue playing..1000000 / 10 would spill the coke during a jumpscare again"
,Recommended,418370,29511076,Posted: 26 January,all,Bod,RESIDENT EVIL 7 is gorgeous. Incredibly atmospheric and heavy on the puzzling. Running out of ammo is always a worry - so be careful!
,Recommended,418370,29511227,Posted: 26 January,all,MurderFace,This is a fantastic game.
,Recommended,418370,29511448,Posted: 26 January,all,Buckeye Burl,"Classic Resident Evil in first person.  It's fantastic, especially if you're a fan of Resident Evil 1-3 & Code Veronica."
76561198051002480,Recommended,418370,29511613,Posted: 26 January,all,Pandy_Bear,"I cant get past the basement part because it always crashes right before i reach the door :(  please fix this soon, im dying to play the rest of this game"
,Recommended,418370,29516191,Posted: 26 January,all,HorrorCreatureIndo,"so far this game is amazing, thank you capcom for inventing this game and return to the RE roots of horrorim so proud and honored to buy and to play this game...even though the path that this game has taken really really different style and story apart from theRE series. i honestly was terrified that FPS in RE game would suck like dead aim.but capcom proved me wrong. for all RE fans like myself, i would strongly recommend to buy this gameand wait for discount.... Overall Its ♥♥♥♥ing worth it!!!!!"
,Recommended,418370,29516358,Posted: 26 January,all,l,it's good
76561198082221498,Recommended,418370,29746544,Posted: 6 February,all,jebpleace92,just beat the game on normal about to start over ! they did it after the last few games it really has gone back to what it should be like i remember playing resi 2 with my uncle and being terrifide as he walked through doors its so good i think that everyone should play this game ten out of ten from me big ups to the devs awesome production
,Recommended,418370,29746875,Posted: 6 February,all,paul.matthew.barham,This is a game you must have because everything in this game looks so real it is the best resident evil game out of the whole series i rate this game 10 out of 10 its very scary being in first person and it feels like your there in the game
,Recommended,418370,29745281,Posted: 6 February,all,raysprad404,"RE7 is quite amazingly spectacule and a tremendous return to the series roots of being survival horror. You actually have to manage your inventory/ammo. Ammo is more available than you'd think, but unless you place your shots appropriately you're gonna go through is quick  and the boss fights take everything you have/can find to take down. The best part of the game to me was the grand return to the psychological aspect of the game, which is just as fantastic as it is completely disturbing. Playing with the headphones on is quite unnerving and scared the crap out of my several times, best way to experience RE at it finest though!The story is fantastic also, honestly the game reminded me more of Silent Hill than it did RE (maybe just because of a couple aspects). The environments are gorgeous and creepy as hell, they really do a good job of hammering in the atmosphere of the game. The latter part of game reminded me of Rapture from Bioshock...sweet beautiful Rapture, of course if it was moved to land instead under the sea.Honestly to me the game feels more like controlling a character in a movie than it does playing a character in a game. It can be kinda short but that depends solely on how you choose to play the game. It's however long you want it to be, since you can either take on or down as many enemies as you'd like. The length also depends on how much time you expend on exploring the environments, which there is a lot of stuff hidden and a fair amount of back tracking if you're up for being as thorough as possible.Amazing game that's well worth the price tag especially if you're a RE fan that's been craving a return back to what made the series quite a joy to play to begin with."
,Recommended,418370,29770092,Posted: 7 February,all,ShomotionStudios,"This game is absolutely the best thing to happen to the Resident Evil series since they remastered the original Resident Evil.  If you are looking for a survival horror game thats not just a run of the mill zombie shooter, than buy this game.  This game has everything that made the original Resident Evil great while managing to go against the grain a bit.  I'm glad that Capcom took a chance and made a unique first person horror game that I will enjoy playing for a long time to come."
,Recommended,418370,29770206,Posted: 7 February,all,OldManJason,Amazing
76561198057755597,Recommended,418370,29773978,Posted: 7 February,all,madge,After the last 2 resident Evil dibacles i was reluctant to try number 7 .... But i must say well played Capcom on brnging the series back from the dead with a vengence ... this has all the key Resident Evil trademaeks and the first person view with the limited vision is how all Res Evil games should be played .... one word Bravo !!!!!
76561198208290491,Recommended,418370,29622805,Posted: 31 January,all,sunbarza,"I loved this game very much,"
,Recommended,418370,29635210,Posted: 1 February,all,TheZEDHunter,"A nice trowback to the franchise, with better visuals, good gameplay (now in first person), full of horrifing moments, with all the feeling of Resident Evil."
,Recommended,418370,29635237,Posted: 1 February,all,Yoshi the Umbreon,"The Resi game that fans been wanting for years had came. The game had gone back to its roots of horror rather then feeling like a Call of Duty game with the Resi title slapped on top of it. The game really feel like Capcom listened to their fans, for once, and hit the books hard on what made Resident Evil what it is.The line of games had gone through a lot of...phases, and gone through...things...but Capcom really want to keep one of their main money makers at the top of their charts with this one. I mean, it does have an area where it feels like they're forcing you to use up your ammo because they want you to do it rather then you having no other call to do so.The game does and look like the old Resi game the older fans that entered the Resident Evil Fandom. Part of my game play was me trying to trick that damn monster to keep him away from an area I needed to get him away from. But damn, he does everything to remind me of RE3. Do kind of wish they allow you to make your own custom ammo like shotgun shells from jars of gunpower A and B. But overall, it does feel like a game that had to be made."
76561197969262906,Recommended,418370,29635380,Posted: 1 February,all,jisiku,"NO SPOILER TO BEGIN WITH (i'll make it clear before i ruin anything)This is completely different to any other RE game you have played, but in this case change is good.It's basicaly RE1 style but in First person, and more based around fear instead of simple ""do i run past this guy"" tactics.The atmosphere is outstanding....the constant feel of threat is always close, and when you get chased ..... well, play it and see yourself. I can honestly say i've never played anything as scary and tense as this!!.9.5/10. Worth is without a doubt.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------SPOILERS<-----------------------If you're reading this then don't get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off if i ruin something for you.Play time is weak, 10hr approx. However i think it will contain huge DLC in the very near future.Severe lack of enemy types......maybe 4? excluding boss'. Terrible.....Puzzles are RE style, but stupidly easy to figure out, it basicaly explains them.Died on a boss? don't worry....the load screen will instantly tell you the exact weak points....Last boss is an absolute disgrace. Zero mechanics, just shoot and shoot and shoot, then pop a cutscene.Don't waste time saving ammo and herbs, not needed (normal-diff), i saved my magnum and ended up not using the thing, 350 SMG rounds, 30 handgun rounds, 5 max heals, and a damn lock pick thing.But still.....i loved it and stick by the 9.5 rating, worth every penny. I just hope the DLC perks up the lost content / difficulty. (gonna try madhouse next.....should really have been available from the word go)"
,Recommended,418370,29635543,Posted: 1 February,all,Fist M'daddy,"First RE game i play but i am well aware of the franchise, lore and I have to say that this is one of the better games that I've played in a couple of years."
,Recommended,418370,29639244,Posted: 1 February,all,EddieLoRock,"As a fan since RE1 on the PS1, this gets a top rating approval from me. It's about as long as other RE games (9-11 hours), and certainly connects well to the established lore. It gets repetitive after beating the main story 5 or 6 times to unlock everything, but it's certainly not boring, especially on Madhouse mode. Plus, as of this date, there's still content coming in the future, so there's room for more RE fun.The step back to horror is a welcome change, especially with its forced perspective camera (you never know what's around the corner). The tension is back, the scares are back, the feels are back, RESIDENT EVIL IS BACK.And if you want more Horror based RE than the action oriented 5 and 6, you should definitely send a message to Capcom by buying this game!"
,Recommended,418370,29538139,Posted: 28 January,all,JUN,DO I RECOMMEND THIS GAME?
,Recommended,418370,29621463,Posted: 31 January,all,See you space cowboy...,"By far the best Resident Evil in years, I'd even go as far as saying the best resident evil will ever be.10/10 would recommend buying if your're a fan!"
76561198074260006,Recommended,418370,29621512,Posted: 31 January,all,Legacy,i like the game at least the 10 mins of gameplay i have of it i would give the game a 3 star just becuse they have a crashing problem just like in the beta so if they fix this problem i will highly recommend this game to other players but for right now i would pick it up on ps4 bec there is no bugs i have seen online when trying fix my error
76561198026070185,Recommended,418370,29621629,Posted: 31 January,all,Dragunova,"Totally recommending this game. I was not a fan of the other RE games but this one really ""caught"" me."
76561198052804160,Recommended,418370,29621647,Posted: 31 January,all,BriBri,"A definite return to form for RE with modern first person stylings. It's also probably one of the best horror games in years. The game is truer to the survival-horror roots with far more emphasis placed on atmosphere and tension. There were many parts that genuinely had me apprehensive about what's around the next corner. It even brings back item box/inentory management and old RE-style puzzles. The story is also a high point, with it becoming more and more intruiging as it develops and unfolds over the course of the game. It's best if you don't watch this game before playing it yourself so you can experience it from an unknown perspective.Note: I did have stuttering early in the game but was able to fix it by turning off Ambient Occlusion and Shadow Cache."
76561198003142155,Recommended,418370,29506340,Posted: 26 January,all,zomby1872000,This is definately a 9 out of 10 so far. Im 3 hours in and its worth every dime. The only complaint i have (and im sure they will fix this soon) is no 21:9 support on day 1. And i have to ask why the hell would u have no 21:9 support upon release? Cmon capcom seriously? im keeping away from playing any further until 21:9 support is added.
76561198070094774,Recommended,418370,29616487,Posted: 31 January,all,FeelsBadMan,"Tried playing in broad daylight, still♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants.10/10 will♥♥♥♥♥♥again!"
76561198065725354,Recommended,418370,29619320,Posted: 31 January,all,Luna,"Great game kinda sort beginging to end is around 10h an acheivment for beating the game on under 4h but replayability in madhouse difficulty and bonus unlockable items i have done everything possible madhouse, speedrun acheivment and ulocked all items in about 24hr will still play a bit more since its a fun game!"
,Recommended,418370,29619496,Posted: 31 January,all,JTRthehax,Aunt Rhody. Go tell her.
76561198042812061,Recommended,418370,29619628,Posted: 31 January,all,upload420,I feel in love with resident evil when i was a young teen. 1234 all amazing games i beat time and time again. 5 they started to lose there touch and became to action like but i alway still loved my re games. Couldn't get into the raccoon city bs but revalations was decent.Now Residnet Evil 7........ It is the best damn one hads down nuf said.
76561198011486091,Recommended,418370,29619680,Posted: 31 January,all,Mr. Plinkett,"Came in dreading a walking-sim horror game, actually got a Resident Evil game. 10/10 would shoot molders' heads off again."
76561198039226437,Recommended,418370,29619720,Posted: 31 January,all,boxingfool,First horror game I've really enjoyed since Outlast which only makes me for excited for the sequel
,Recommended,418370,29619740,Posted: 31 January,all,Chocola,Shinji Mikami's souls strong in this one.
76561198047555343,Recommended,418370,29614999,Posted: 31 January,all,KingWik,"Superb...lots of excitement from start to finish! Love the voice acting, story and setting! Oh the nasty nastalgia, brings me back to RE1."
,Recommended,418370,29617348,Posted: 31 January,all,The Scissors Guy,its got all that good good with the scaries and the heebie jeebies.
,Recommended,418370,29617490,Posted: 31 January,all,Pleb_Tony,"This is by far the best resident evil in the series.  Along side with Resident Evil 4 & 1 Remaster.  With its similar tank controls from the RE 1,2,3 and no stupid QTC (Quick Time Commands) that were in RE4,5,6. Returning to its orgin of game play as true survival horror genre.  Weather your a returning veteran or new to the RE series, I would recommend going into this game without having seen any spoilers that floods on the internet.  Soley because the element of surprise may frighten you but at the same time will leave you an experience well ingraved into you.  So go into this without any spoilers.The only thing this game lacks is monster variety and boss battles (ie. Final Boss).  I felt the boss battles can be more clutch like the old games where there would be a self-destruct timmer.  Also where is my Unlimited Rocket Launcher MANNN!!!"
76561197971193443,Recommended,418370,29458144,Posted: 24 January,all,[silent]TwItCh,Game is great so far! Glad to see the change in pace! Game looks great too!Max settings @ 1920x1080i7 6700KGTX 107016GB RAMWIN 7 64
,Recommended,418370,29616682,Posted: 31 January,all,Doodle Snap,"Now this game is spooky but maintains elements of gun play, It has a cast of crazy characters and for me the scariest parts were when jack was walking swiftly towards me. I also quite enjoyed the story and withoutgiving too much away it has a crazy ending."
,Recommended,418370,29616967,Posted: 31 January,all,جوزيف هارتلي,"I thoroughly enjoyed this family friendly romp, must play!Enjoy such activites as:-Scavenger hunting-Hide and seek-Rough housing-Coin collecting-Puzzles solving-Getting your leg cut off, picking it up, and crawl around for dear life until you bleed to death-Birthday celebrations-Family bondingAnd much more!Welcome to the family!   10/10"
76561198066435655,Recommended,418370,29617131,Posted: 31 January,all,Actual Cannibal Shia Labeouf,10/10 would get stabbed in the hand by my crazy ex wife again.
,Recommended,418370,29620402,Posted: 31 January,all,☢Weeaboo Jones☮,"Amazing horror game with great plot, atmosphere, voice acting, and character design. It has a Texas chainsaw, Evil Dead, and the Evil Within feel about it with truly astounding tension. Plus it scared the living♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me! i give this game 9.5/10. Resident Evil 7 is not just one of the best horrors games, it is my favorite game. I recommend anyone reading this to BUY THIS GAME NOW!!!!!!"
76561198029898667,Recommended,418370,29625002,Posted: 1 February,all,JackBurton5524,One of the best Resident Evil's I have played.
76561198237496386,Recommended,418370,29584841,Posted: 30 January,all,scumbag,Just finished my first playthrough gonna do a 100% run now for my second one.10/10.this game is ♥♥♥♥ing dope!
,Recommended,418370,29584970,Posted: 30 January,all,chingok,"The new generation of Resident Evil, it is best for VR but everyone can also play it on a flat monitor. Don't remember, turn the sound louder and you will get the best experience!"
76561198136454506,Recommended,418370,29584973,Posted: 30 January,all,Sean,7/10
76561198143504468,Recommended,418370,29590368,Posted: 30 January,all,bigheadboney,amazing game not worth $39.99 tho i would wait for sale.
76561197993528201,Recommended,418370,29590586,Posted: 30 January,all,Docco,"This game is messed up - in a great way if you like blood & guts survival horror.  That said, this is the first game where I find the ole' nerves needing some rest in between sessions.  Some of the gameplay is reminiscent of Alien Isolation which is awesome.  That said, parts of this made me realize just how goddam lucky Ripley was to have a motion tracker and umpteen million lockers to hide in while she was being hunted.  Your good ole' eyes and ears will have to do, and even then, there are no shortage of ""oh sh#t"" moments in just the first few hours.The immersion is intense.  The graphics at 4k are spectacular.  The sound is great.. The plot, what little of it I have been able to make it through, due to nerves and changes of pants, is compelling.One of the few games in recent history easily worth a triple A price tag if you like the genre."
76561198021174095,Recommended,418370,29590822,Posted: 30 January,all,shadowpuppet,"BEST RE GAME IN YEARS!Back to the good story, puzzles and outright jump scares. Pretty disapointed the deluxe version didn't come with fresh underwear though as some parts scared the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me, maybe there saving that idea for the collectors edition?Dont do what i do, scroll looking for the one bad review from someones whos a total idiot........... buy the game!"
,Recommended,418370,29590792,Posted: 30 January,all,Ray P. Daddy,"RESIDENT EVIL 7: Biohazard is a new forme of Resident evil, mutch like Re4 the changed from Fixed camera angels to an over the shoulder camera and more action, now we get a first person perspective with slower more atmosferik gameplay with some resemblance of the ''old fashioned'' Re games.The adoption of the Biohazard name may throw people of as a soft re-bot since thats the original eastern title. But its a fully realist sequel that dosent depend on known charakters or the already established univers.I thought this was gonna be one of those boring modern horror games at first, but it surprised me. Playing and feeling just as a Re game should be playd (with a little slower pace and a little less personality).The game isn't at all scary, you may experience some intense moments but never scary.Only disappointment is that i didn't use the AutoMag as much as i wish i could  have. I love that gun."
76561198011483382,Recommended,418370,29591358,Posted: 30 January,all,Hipperion,"Reeeally enjoyed it!This is how first-person horror games should be made.9/10 in my book, highly recommend it."
76561197963143998,Recommended,418370,29574944,Posted: 29 January,all,Luffan,"This might be one of the best games in the series and for me one of the best games Ive played in my 25 years playing games! It has it all, the puzzels, the scary monsters and the incredible atmosphere and sound design. Even the story kept me hooked all the way through the 14h it took me the first time thru the game. I really wish this game will sell well enough for capcom to make a sequel to this masterpiece!"
,Recommended,418370,29608190,Posted: 31 January,all,Somebody once told me,♥♥♥♥♥s meo
,Recommended,418370,29607724,Posted: 31 January,all,¡¡¡ -,"Resident Evil 7 will go down as a good example of rebooting an *almost* stale series.It's replayable, it has a competently scary atmosphere your first time through and the narrative/dialogue have some small B-Movie traits here and there; it's a legitimately good Survival Horror game. It may not be as long or expansive as the fourth and fifth entries, but the gameplay is just as tight as those two were.Buy this."
,Recommended,418370,29602195,Posted: 31 January,all,Xheanorth,The nightmare continues in this amazing entry from CAPCOM. Resident Evil is back! Mia is hot.
,Recommended,418370,29589711,Posted: 30 January,all,Artillicus,"Resident Evil 7 is the return to form that fans have been wanting. It almost feels like a fan game, or an indie title made in the style of the old school RE games. But no, CAPCOM did this, they did something right.There are save rooms with item chests, point-n-click adventure game style puzzle solving, strong enemies that make every bullet count, and an oppressive atmosphere that makes every step a hesitant one. As a life-long fan of the series, it pleases me to say:You have once again enteredthe world of survival horror.Good luck!"
76561198026057183,Recommended,418370,29589716,Posted: 30 January,all,Alien,welkam 2 de fagmily sunne jam
,Recommended,418370,29589788,Posted: 30 January,all,mikeshollen84,"Where my opinions come from:I'm a big fan of the older Resident Evil (RE) games (0, 1, 2). The resources were scarce and the combat was difficult enough that it got your adrenalin pumping and made the jump-scare moments more effective. I even enjoyed the fixed camera angle, because it added an element of creepiness when you were unable to see all around your character while hearing things coming to get you. I was somewhat disappointed with the trend that RE4 started because the game felt like it shifted from an original horror survival concept with excellent puzzles to a more common shooter with mediocre puzzles.Overall Throughs:I am very pleased with the direction RE7 went. The game felt like it reconnected with it's horror roots and was more exciting than the last few releases by Capcom. If you loved the older RE games, I would recommend this!Pros:- Limited resources for the first half of the game added to the tension of getting acquinted with the horror backdrop where the story takes place- Lightweight crafting with no vendors further contributed to the feeling of scarcity- Interesting combat with enemies where weapon selection and attack/defense tactics somewhat mattered- Engaging storyline with just the right amount of mystery and ambiguity to leave your mind guessing without making the plot confusing to the point of feeling lost and/or disinterestedCons:- Resources became more plentiful in the second half of the game. Although the enemies became more difficult/numerous, it felt like the resource to enemy ratio wasn't balanced as well as the first half.- Progression through locations in the game felt somewhat linear. There were definitely some areas where I felt I had significant control over where to go, but majority of the game felt like I was being directed from place to place.- Maybe I just felt like the puzzles were better in the old games because I was much younger, but I felt like the puzzles in RE7 were very quick, easy and obvious for the most part. I think difficult puzzles add value to the game. It adds playtime and keep the mind engaged, and in the case of RE it adds opportunity for jump-scare moments after you 'think' you've cleared the area and are 100% focused on solving the puzzle.- At nearly $90 for the game + season pass, the cost is a bit high. I was able to beat it in under 10 hours with a completionist playstyle (read all the documents, tried to collect everything I could find, etc). I wish Capcom had lowered the price by $10-20 for the bundle and allowed us to play on a higher difficulty than Normal for the first playthrough. Hopefully the Season Pass content is worth the price tag."
,Recommended,418370,29515764,Posted: 26 January,all,BalmungMP5,"This is really almost like REmake but in first person. Save rooms with storage boxes are back, mansion with puzzles, limited ammo etc. The first person perspective makes fully immersing yourself in the setting all the more easy.That being said, the game can rely on scripted ""in your face"" events that feel almost like cheap jumpscares.At any rate, this is a fresh take a on an old series, and IMO the best game in the series since RE4. Recommended."
76561197976838073,Recommended,418370,29515868,Posted: 26 January,all,BIG SHAWN 92,"So you play through the game as a disturbed young man, Ethan. You terrorize your inlaws house down in Louisiana, in an attempt to win back your wife. Things get pretty hectic as you can imagine. You embark on quite the rampage killing off damn near everybody you come in contact with on your journey.Great game. There are many moments of Whiskey Tango Foxtrot that will keep you occupied for hours to come. 10/10 Capcom got back to their roots on this game for sure."
76561198242356450,Recommended,418370,29516514,Posted: 26 January,all,some_random_person,"Just beat it on madhouse, and I've gotta say, it was fun. My only complaint against it were enemies and bosses who had too much speed, and were able to spam attacks that knocked you down repeatedly until they killed you. Despite that, the enemies toughness felt right, and at times kept me feeling pressured."
,Recommended,418370,29516598,Posted: 26 January,all,Jun.On.Fire,The most nerve-wrecking game of hide and seek you will play without actually getting yourself dissected by a real life axe-murderer.10/10 Will beg for my amputated foot again
,Recommended,418370,29516629,Posted: 26 January,all,Theangrydeadman,"Way to kick off 2017. This game has been one hell of a ride. The staff at Capcom and Havok have learned from their mistakes in previous RE games and have managed to make something legendary. From the beginning to the very end the game keeps you in suspense. The story is psychologically twisted and emotionally heartbreaking, the characters feel authentic and the game in and of itself is beautiful is terms of map design and the atmosphere they managed to create. It feels truly dark and creepy, something straight out of a horror film.10/10 Amazing GameCan't wait for the DLC packs."
76561197993544619,Recommended,418370,29517040,Posted: 27 January,all,WOLFAITH,"Great game. atmosphere  10/10, Horror factor 8/10 Why i say this is because it gets very repetitive on Normal and easy difficulties. Have not played the hardest mode yet. But first time through the game it is a 10/10 for first time through in all factors of the game. Great story. Ties in well with Resident evil. Way better than res 6 they brought it back. I highly recommended this game For horror fans and Resident evil Fans."
,Recommended,418370,29517310,Posted: 27 January,all,Damn,Most definitely worth my money and await the dlc that will soon release.
,Recommended,418370,29517321,Posted: 27 January,all,Nah,"Pros:-   An AMAZING piece of art. Biohazard 7 took another risky move (compared to 4 when released) and managed to bring back that feeling of never being safe no matter where you are.-   Slowly piecing together the story of the Baker family through files and written notes throughout the house created an interesting and fresh look on a series that has become more of an action run-and-gun shooter.Cons:-Not a huge diversity in enemies.-Main protagonist can seem very dull at some points and very emotionless for someone whos wife was kidnapped and is being hunted down by an entire family.Overall this game is an amazing revival to the Survival Horror genre, and i can't wait to do my 2nd playthrough for the other ending!"
,Recommended,418370,29517407,Posted: 27 January,all,happycakes,"Finally a return to form for Resident Evil. This game recaptures the spirit of some of the older games with its gameplay cycle. You enter a room, prepared for the worst and most of the time you're ok to explore and find story related notes, or puzzle items, or combat items. And then you scour the next room.The combat is fine, it's a first person shooter. So it's not bad, it's just a bit meh, there's nothing really new or interesting to the combat that other games haven't done better. You're either kiting enemies or shooting their heads. It isn't particularly exciting by the end of the game, and the last hour is a typical end of game slog that feels like it drags on for a bit too long especially with some cheap monster spawn placements. There was one time I ran out of ammo for every weapon in the game, about midway through due to my own fault really, so I don't think there's much tension coming from scarcity. Rather it is the atmosphere and the sound design that keep you on your toes for the majority of the game. The game nails its atmosphere, the music is pretty awesome. Actually felt a little reminiscent to Diablo in save rooms. The boss fights are pretty exciting.The puzzles seemed less like puzzles and more like get the 3 macguffins and put them in the magical locked door to proceed. There are a couple of puzzles, but they are very simple, you're more likely to forget you have a map and get lost then to be troubled by the puzzles.The story is fine to good for Resident Evil. However the game seems to be missing a chunk towards the end, where an established character who you expected to encounter at some point seems to just disappear after threatening you. There also felt like a lack of video tapes. It seemed like there was room for more, and lots of places you could use them but there simply aren't many in the game. If you're completely unintiated and reading ♥♥♥♥♥♥ steam reviews for some reason, the videotapes in game are used to transport you to a past event where you will generally control a character exploring the locations in the game, giving you context or clues about what is going on or what might happen to you.The game is incredibly short, I think I finished in roughly 7 hours. However, it's clear that the only way to add more length to the game would be to spend more time making quality scripted content, as attempts to artificially lengthen the game with combat would kill the game. I personally probably won't buy the DLC, but there is definitely potential for some cool stuff to be released if you're willing to pay again for more.Good horror game, but definitely on the expensive side considering what you get for the money. I would recommend waiting for a sale unless you love heavily scripted horror games."
,Recommended,418370,29517520,Posted: 27 January,all,Power of God and Anime,I thought it was just gonna be a regular Resident Evil 6 copy with just nothing but action.Boy was I wrong.
,Recommended,418370,29517547,Posted: 27 January,all,MasK,This game is sooo good. Definitely recommend it.Silent hill + Resident evil =  10/10But for those who have heart problems.........nah.
,Recommended,418370,29506307,Posted: 26 January,all,themerotes,"Survival Horror is back.Best Resident Evil experience since Resident Evil. RE7 has put the horror games genre back on the map.The closest thing to being inside a great terrifying horror movie.The original RE formilar is back too but no hiding behind doors in the next room this timeand feeling safe.I know RE7 isnt the first to go firstperson horror but its the best, I would love if they didnt RE 1 &2 remake in this style although RE7 is way more terrifying, can only play for an hour at a time then I need some fresh air and daylight.oh and its sooooooooooooo violent and gory, it really doesnt hold back I love it. 9.3 out of 10"
76561198138308653,Recommended,418370,29513506,Posted: 26 January,all,Gandorlf,"When I heard RE7 was on the way I didn't pay much attention as I had grown tired of the series and didn't even bother with RE6. After trying the demo though, I was immedietly interested.This isn't a walking simulator. A lot of people compare this to games like Outlast and Amnesia and I can see why, but underneath this is a very different beast. This is pure Resident Evil 1 through and through and 7 hours in I can tell you this is one of the most satisfying games I've played in years, why? Because I bought a game that met all my expectations and I was scared too.CAPCOM have put a lot of effort into this game and it really shows, if you're not planning on paying full price (£39.99) then pleae add it to your wishlist and get it at a discount. I urge you."
76561198110729099,Recommended,418370,29662417,Posted: 2 February,all,Wall-E94,It's a must play game if you're into horror games!
,Recommended,418370,29662634,Posted: 2 February,all,Frenchy Fry,Perhaps the best survival horror game I have ever played.
76561198218825347,Recommended,418370,29662878,Posted: 2 February,all,newmanj94,"BEST RESIDENT EVIL GAME EVER PLAYED chainsaw level was amazing, its resident evil as a fps common what's not to like?"
76561198017326340,Recommended,418370,29663101,Posted: 2 February,all,Ub3RLo_oTZFtw,"Played majority of the Resident Evil games. I loved 4/5 the most. BUT WOW! This game delivers with its new way to play ""Isolated View"". You wouldnt think ""OMG CALL OF DUTY GAMEPLAY"" or ""GEARS OF WAR 3 GAMEPLAY"" but no...This game is legit creepy and scary to play. The gameplay/story is AMAZING. I cant get enough. I really do enjoy the amount of puzzles they put into it as well <3. Very ""Resident Evilish"" LEL but GRAPHICS ARE OP :^). The only thing I fear is that this game might be too short. I'm not finished with it yet, still more to go but we shall see. Resident Evil 7 is a must buy if you love their games."
76561198050197731,Recommended,418370,29610888,Posted: 31 January,all,This is Meenarstotzka,"resident evil 7 review : this is true resident evilfinally after wait for real horror resident evil , we finally got it !if you like and love re 1 , re 2 & 3 including 4  and revelation you shouldn't miss this gamePros +-great and tense atmosphere-nice visual and detail-gameplay balance old and new mechanic-gore and horror are well done-music and soundtrack are great and tense in meantimecons --puzzles are simple-AIs are stupid , they could be smarter more challenging-disappointing final bossscore : 9/10welcome to the family , son !"
,Recommended,418370,29658585,Posted: 2 February,all,Mansel,"Old school Resident Evil, in first person. Awesome."
,Recommended,418370,29658806,Posted: 2 February,all,Vondervöl,"The story starts so unassuming and linear, but as it progresses just gains more and more traction before an incredible trill ride climax. Not everything is as it seems, with tragic villains, an intense and disturbing obscured backstory (not unlike other Resident Evil titles) and an incredible atmosphere which creates an all around visceral experience that will not soon be forgotten. I've completed ending 1, and am ready and willing to play through once more to see ending 2.The game play is quite similar to any first-person survival horror seen post 2014, and still retains the Resident Evil aspects which keeps it a playable, fun game all the way through. The puzzles are challenging (though not very) and you are rewarded for in-depth searching. There are some frustrating elements, yes, namely the enemies, however once they are defeated, there is an unbeatable satisfaction which keeps you going. As far as jump scares go, they are few and far between, but they're definitely in there. I mostly just kept scaring myself the whole time.I enjoyed this game a lot, and am very excited for the future DLC which I will be no doubt purchasing when it arrives."
,Recommended,418370,29659203,Posted: 2 February,all,Corrupt,Fantastic game all around. One of the best games I have played in a while and definitely the best for horror. Great story. Great gameplay.
76561198023964113,Recommended,418370,29659575,Posted: 2 February,all,cjbarger,"Gameplay Elements from Outlast & Mostly from Alien Isolation, Capcom’s Resident Evil 7 is fun new take on the Aging franchise."
76561198021129638,Recommended,418370,29660871,Posted: 2 February,all,Freakedoutduck,"Resident Evil finally returns to it's roots. I've always said that Resident Evil 4, 5 and 6 were good games, but they were never good Resident Evil games. RE7 is scare and fun and brings back that old school terror that the old games had. Would recomend to anyone who is looking for a game similar to the older games."
,Recommended,418370,29661435,Posted: 2 February,all,SyntheticShrimp,"My final playthrough time on Normal difficulty clocked in at 7 hours and 57 Minutes(Also keep in mind that Madhouse difficulty is said to deliver an even more difficult experience with less ammo, harder monsters, etc. So this review is for the game on someone's First playthrough when Easy and Normal are the only difficulty options to choose from).The game starts like Outlast, ends like a modern day Resident Evil (Action packed and tons of ammo), but what differentiates this game from RE4/5/6 is the little references and gameplay mechanics implemented into the game that serve as an ode to the early days of the franchise.The way the story unfolded was simply brilliant and as a fan of Resident Evil lore, it sparked nothing but wonder, questions were answered as new ones, and more risky questions for the franchise form.Only time will tell how Resident Evil's story continues, but I think they definitely took a step in the right direction.At the end of the day all I can say is that Capcom saved the franchise, extended its lifespan another 5-10 years.My only concern is the length of the game, if Resident Evil 8 has a longer main story, then it'd be hard to criticize anything about the game, given it follows a similar formula."
76561198009347258,Recommended,418370,29661528,Posted: 2 February,all,cberg8866,"Love the game, only con is that it is extremely short. About 6 hours in and I've beaten the main story."
,Recommended,418370,29641930,Posted: 1 February,all,[HDF] SnowBall,"Wow. That's the first word that comes to mind when I think of this game. It easily stands alongside the earlier classics in the Resident Evil series, and in many ways... it even surpasses them.To start, this is one of the most atmospheric and moody games in the series. The transition to first person was a smart one as this really helps to immerse you in the enviroment and your character. This direct connection you share with the protagonist not only limits your field of view (like the fixed camers of past) but it also creates a strong sense of dread and terror.Also smart, was the decision to keep combat in the game. While you wont find yourself flipping, sliding, and doing trick shots (I'm looking at you Resident Evil 6)--the combat in this game is superb. The weapons all have a great amount of oomph, and hitting enemies causes them to stagger appropriately (the shotgun feels reeeeaaally good). That said, there's always a feeling of vulnerability. You never quite feel as confident or as well armed as Chris Redfield.Lastly, there's the characters. This game has created one of the most memorable sets of characters in the Bakers. They all have such well developed personalities, that they feel like real individuals (albeit very twisted ones). Jack will undoubtably go down as one of the most memorable and oddly charming Resident Evil villans.That being said this game far exceeded my early cautious skepticism. Resident Evil is back, and it's so good. Time for my fifth playthrough!"
,Recommended,418370,29541731,Posted: 28 January,all,CORE,"Just finished it, It's a must play! Good♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198149965267,Recommended,418370,29541858,Posted: 28 January,all,bee zo bu zin,"Scary, Fun, and battles are amazing and adrenaline rushing."
76561198029037225,Recommended,418370,29640622,Posted: 1 February,all,#For A nominal Fee,this is not the best resedent evil but damit capcom thank  you for going bac to what your good at  it looks superb  grapicly  and the sound  effect are exactly  wwhat one would expect in a jump scare RE gamethe bakers are fantastic antraganests  all of them are scary and crazy and♥♥♥♥♥me if that isent the scarest grandma i ever did see . i found the pusselz a little easy it  seams a little short but i hiugly recomend it so capcom will keep making good quialty stuff like this as opose to whatever those last two confused REs were8 out of 10  pleese poerchase it make sure capcom keeps making this stuff
76561197993429739,Recommended,418370,29728577,Posted: 5 February,all,HAZARD-bot,"Resident Evil 1 meets Outlast, and it's using the better parts of both. If you were hankering for another classic style RE game, your wish has been granted.Legitimatly, my only complaint is that the final boss is a bit of a dissapointment."
,Recommended,418370,29728715,Posted: 5 February,all,Son of a Shepherd,Fantastic game.
76561198093985990,Recommended,418370,29728752,Posted: 5 February,all,Yoh | SADMOON,An absolute fantastic game. It has a stellar narrative depite it losing it's atmosphere toward the end. It is great at building tention and creating clostrophic atmosphere's with really terrifying chases that require a mix of running and hiding and over all a very well thought out experience.
,Recommended,418370,29729087,Posted: 5 February,all,CLARPUS,The intensity of this game caused me to take several breaks in the middle of playing!
76561198337587466,Recommended,418370,29713572,Posted: 5 February,all,valencian123,"If you love horror games  stop thinking and buy the game  I ve played all the horror games you could ever think of , this game is special its defenitly one of the best games in 2017 if not the best ."
76561198109755073,Recommended,418370,29720970,Posted: 5 February,all,ohayooitsme カ イ リ,"This was my first experience in the Resident Evil/Biohazard series. I had never played any of the former titles in the series so going in I had no idea what to expect besides a run of the mill horror game. Fortunately, I was wrong and this now is one of my favorite horror games I've ever played. The atmosphere is amazing, making you paranoid that something is lurking around every corner.Pros:* Graphics* You can't go in guns blazing, and have to consider if you should use your ammo* Tension building* Story* ScaresCons:* Final boss was quite lackluster compared to the others* The game is relatively short. I beat it in about 6 hours, and that was with me getting lost in one section of the game for about 40 minutes* Jumpscares are a little overused"
76561198035972980,Recommended,418370,29721196,Posted: 5 February,all,stan the man,highy reconmended one of the best resident evil`s games.the added coin from the demo was a nice bonus to the game10/10
,Recommended,418370,29711406,Posted: 4 February,all,Franken Turkey,"I've completed the game 3 times so far with another run currently (only to get achievments at this point).The first playthrough was just for fun and to experience the story.The second playthrough was to get all the bobbleheads and complete the game in under 4 hours.The third playthrough was to beat the game on madhouse difficulty.All 3 playthroughs were incredibly fun and overall give you a solid amount of gameplay. I could go on with the pros all night. The RE series has been dead to me for a long time, but RE7 has definetly brought it back for me (as well as countless others apparently).I would recommend playing the demo first and if you enjoy that buy the game."
76561198321734782,Recommended,418370,29712097,Posted: 4 February,all,kendallwilliams,"Very dope game, although the censorship for Japan gamers is whack!"
76561198058936233,Recommended,418370,29710593,Posted: 4 February,all,The Red Stripe Hunter,"At first this game feels like outlast, but once you get into it everthing changes, Everything. You flip-flop from being safe and having lots of ammo to spare to being scared ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and running around looking for at lest one shotgun shell. This game needs more then one play through, you will always be on your two no matter what diffilculty you play because of the atmosphere feels like the scarest movie ever. No matter what time of day it is, it will always be scary.10/10 will lose pants"
,Recommended,418370,29710632,Posted: 4 February,all,GI Jesus,"Where can I start? Bavo Capcom bravo. If I could describe this game it would be like this. Living as a prisoner in the house of 1000 corpses house (to anyone who's seen that movie) but at the same time still pulling off making it feel like a classic resident evil game all while in a stunning and beautiful 4k resultion. The last few games were just mere action games imo. I was never really scared or worried. This game though. Every new door I'm opening I get worried about what's going to be on the other side of that door. And if it's something nasty it's even more scary. Also the Baker family members are frightening in their own way as well because (tip you cant kill them for a large portion of the game). You can land a large number of head shots and down them but that only buys you like 3 minutes before they are back up looking to straight axe murder you. And when or if you down one don't do what I did and get mad and start slashing or stabbing the ""corpse"" bad idea. I've been taking my time with this game as I do with all really good games. It's literally like being trapped in a horror movie only you can make choices. As far as controls I've yet to find any compaints, the story is new, fresh and interesting which was badly needed for a resident evil game. I think I've maybe gotten halfway through not sure and already am writing this review. I was going to wait but decided it couldn't. If it weren't for the claims of it being kind of short 20 hours (yet i've played 30 and haven't gotten halfway. I guess it depends on how you play. If you cheat and use guides and just rush past with exploring things, reading notes, finding out about the lore then yes it can be a short game but I wouldn't reccomend going about it that way. That being siad though resident evil games are usually noted for being very long and since it's shorter and proven to be a bit shorter I can give it a 9/10 instead of a perfect 10/10 which is the only reason. That and the fact us PC users have to wait a year for VR support to work. But get this game pay the full price. Capcom needs the money to understand that this is the kind of resident evil we want. Back to old school scavaging for ammo, being freaked out all the time, literally running cause you have no ammo weapons to fight with. That's what made the originals back and all those elements are back. Plus the boss battles... Well I've only been in one so far and I wont spoil but man is it ♥♥♥♥ing intense and satisfying."
76561198143740895,Recommended,418370,29710908,Posted: 4 February,all,Bl00dyR0sari0,I really enjoyed this game. Capcom definetly came back from six.
76561198046775556,Recommended,418370,29515462,Posted: 26 January,all,saber138,Runs good Plays good.
76561198085193327,Recommended,418370,29515501,Posted: 26 January,all,A.W.E.S.O.M.-O 4000,ILOOOOOOOOOOVEITTT!!!
,Recommended,418370,29515537,Posted: 26 January,all,Wise Guy,"A Return To FormHaving been a Resident Evil fan since day one back on the playstation, I can say with great certainty that Resident Evil & is a must have title for any horror fan. It is a perfect compromise of the classic Resident Evil style of the early titles and the hectic action of Resident Evil 4. Throw in a nice helping of modern horror in the vain of P.T. and Amnesia and you get one hell of a game. While it's not as long as many of it's predecessors (you'll likely finish in 7-9 hours), it is definatly worth your time and money."
,Recommended,418370,29515567,Posted: 26 January,all,B I G T A S T Y,W E L C O M E  T O  T H E  F A M I L Y  S O N
76561198209023343,Recommended,418370,29515591,Posted: 26 January,all,StevieeeJayyy,"For the past couple of years I have not been so interested in a game before. I dont even rememeber the last game i was exicted to play, and not feel like its a chore. Take note, this is my first Resident Evil game and this makes me wanna play the rest."
76561197970354789,Recommended,418370,29518201,Posted: 27 January,all,Kane,"Despite my love for the old style games in this franchise and my suspicions about the changes for this title, I actually enjoyed it.I have been dissapointed with RE ever since RE5 released. That game diluted the franchise, removed atmosphere and puzzles instead focuing on action. And then came RE6 wich was even worse and the god awful spinoffs. The attempt to appeal to the ""dudebros"" did not appeal to me.This game actually has atmosphere and again a throwback to playing smart and micromanage your inventory etc. It also modernised the combat and put you in a first person view although it is by no means a first person shooter.It is very different from previous RE titles and at times it seems this horror game is about the supernatural instead of the biological explanations that has always been there in RE games.Personally I'd prefer this game to be a spinoff of the main franchise rather than a numbered game in the franchise because it does differ ALOT from both those expecting something like the good old days RE1-4 and Code Veronica, and from those expecitng an action game like RE5-6. And I think alot of the dissapointment from those givining it scores of 0 and 1 comes from just that, it beeing to different from those games. And the tieins to the RE world and old games are very minor to be even worth mentioning.It is very similar to other horror titles available though. Particularly on pc, cues from the style of Amnesia and Outlast are obvious, only with combat added. But make no mistake, on it's own it IS good. And had it not been a RE game alot of the same people trashing it now would score it alot higher.I enjoyed it enough to play through it three times. My first on normal, my second on madhouse wich had shifted around enemies and items and my third as a speedrun on easy. Making a different choice in two of the playthroughs to se both endings.My main issues with this game are not enough varied enemies, choices that really only result in a very slight difference to the story and gameplay, even the endings are very similar aswell and very little tie in to RE world and previous games for it to be a numbered game in the franchise.Performance wise on my trusted soon 4yo rig, i7 4770K, 16GB RAM and GTX TITAN Black it ran at locked 60fps at maxed out 1080p. No drops whatsoever, no bugs and no crashes. I'd like a few more pc options but overall I'm very happy with the pc version of this game.If you love games like outlast, amnesia etc. and are not tired of them this game is for you. It adds combat but otherwise works in the same vein. If you are more into RE5-6 style gameplay, more into action than setting and ""horror"" then this is not for you."
,Recommended,418370,29512931,Posted: 26 January,all,Vinx,"Well, Capcom knocked this one out of the park. The game was incredibly tense through and through, the story was phenomenal, the combat is remarkable, the enemies are hard to kill even later on with better gear. The fact that when you are in a safe zone, and don't feel safe, is something I never thought a game could make me feel. They pay homage to the feel of the originals as often as the game can. The last 3 hours or so of the game were a thrill ride. I can't wait for more from this story, and hope they do it justice.10/10, buy it and you won't regret it."
,Recommended,418370,29518298,Posted: 27 January,all,DShep,"So....resident evil 7...trend with long running titles is that it gets worse and worse,,,,well thats wrong. I really appreciate capcoms willingness to change with the times for survival horror.  I enjoyed it all the way through its between 8-10 hour length.Pros ++Wonderful Graphics+Story that makes you want to dig deeper into the lore+True survival horror (Madhouse mode)+No downtime, game knows when to lay off the scares and when to make you crap your pants+replayability, more items (thats all im gonna say to avoid spoilers)Cons --Why did it have to be so short.....felt like a tech demo for something truely beautiful....-Stuttering during gameplay and small freezes (possibly pc related)I would recommend this game for anyone wanting to see what I feel could be the future of surviaval horror. True potential here to make a 20+ hour game something special. Cant wait for RE8, wanna see what they have up their sleeve!!!"
76561198147582524,Recommended,418370,29516402,Posted: 26 January,all,GarretLampshade,One of the best games I have played in a long time.Performance = PHENOMENAL!Graphics = Smack yo mama good!Immersion = $#!t your pants and have to change multiple times!
,Recommended,418370,29772093,Posted: 7 February,all,Dhampyr,"Freaking Fantastic, feels familiar yet new."
76561197992477881,Recommended,418370,29752313,Posted: 6 February,all,momland,"One of the greatest games i have ever played. Great level design, fun gameplay, plus it actually manages to make a survival horror game scary. Inventory managment is a hassle though. 9/10"
,Recommended,418370,29777935,Posted: 8 February,all,Super Salty,"This game feels like resident evil 1 remade 20 years later, I love this game and usally im not a big fan of first person horror games, but this one is great, personaly I feel like they added the zombie type enemies to make the game less scary, because hillbilly chasing you in a big house is legit scary."
76561198074919660,Recommended,418370,29779528,Posted: 8 February,all,derBöseBär,"Absolutely loved it for the most part. Great atmosphere and sound design, with a decent story, and the Baker family are nuts. It looks really nice too and the gameplay is smooth and mostly rewarding. The only downsides for me are the overly simplistic puzzles, some weak boss fights, and the shift to a more action based style as the story progresses. I played 1 back in it's day and still really enjoyed 5 so, I'm not arriving from any point of bias.Would recommend this to anyone"
,Recommended,418370,29770949,Posted: 7 February,all,PZLA,Best Resident Evil since RE2
,Recommended,418370,29776557,Posted: 7 February,all,SelenesAngel,"****Spoiler Free Review****I'll be honest I was very skeptical at first about this game. Especially with its predecessors not entirely meeting expectations (RE 5 and RE 6). But Capcom completely won me over with this game.The story itself was intrigueing and kept me asking questions wanting to find out more with whats going on. Graphics were exceptional and captivating. RE 7 echoes the original horror aspect from the first few games and also includes a bit of action shooter. There are a few clever puzzles that you also have to solve along the way which I found quite nice.The first person aspect, I thought was a good direction to take this game and wouldnt mind seeing future RE games in this format. Overall, Resident Evil 7 is a terrifying yet thrilling experience and I would reccommend anyone whos a fan of Resident Evil or just like these types of games to try it out.I'm looking forward to the DLCs ;)"
,Recommended,418370,29801899,Posted: 9 February,all,ＧＩＴＴＮＥ,"Wow... Now THIS is one hell of a way to make a comeback! I did not expect Resident Evil 7 to be that great of a game, let alone an awesome and terrifying excperience! Never thought I would say this... But, Capcom, you've actually managed to make a good game and, most importantly, a Resident Evil game that truly feel's like a Resident Evil game. Horrifying... Disgusting... Clever... Tense... Hectic... And fun!The first thing I wondered before I started playing the game was if the shift from third person to first person was going to ruin the game... And after completing the story, I can confidently say that it actually helped with the atmosphere, the suspense and the combat. A risk Capcom took that, I think, payed of quite well. You never know what to expect with the cramp rooms and corridor's with the first person perspective. The first person view also makes enemies feel much more threatening and ten times scarier.The enemy design is also really nasty and nightmare inducing. All the family members look utterly insane and loathsome, and when you try to fight them in ther final stage of mutation, their fear factor goes up to like 101/10 (especially Marguerite, she became straight up nightmare fuel). All the versions of the Molded are grotesque to, they're some sort of mix between the regenerador's (one of my favourite monsters from the franchise) and the Leech zombie, which got me super scared when I first encountered them in the first mold room I encountered and the basement. The only problem I have with the monsters is the fact that the variety isn't that great. It's either the family or the Molded, but most of the game, It's the Molded (and I'm not counting the insect minions Marguerite controlls, even though that part of the game scared me the most ;_;).The story is something I also loved with this game! It's a classical Resident Evil like story with a corperation making a bio-weapon that they lose controll of and make's the whole situation go south. BUT, this time, you don't play as a soldier or agent. No, instead, you play a civilian, named Ethan Winters, who's looking for his wife Mia, who's been missing for 3 years. It all lead him to Dulvey, Louisiana and a big mansion that belongs to the Baker family. I won't tell you what more happens, you just have to figure it out by yourself :)Thanks to the RE Engine, the environments look super good, the gore, mold and all other disgusting things look super detailed and the sounds are nearly flawless and almost always startling. The combat system is puneshing but also satisfying, rewarding you but also having you on the edge the entiere time. The weapons are extremly satisfying to use and every weapon has it's use. Inventory management is also present, and safe places, with an eerie, but also comforting, melody in the background that reminds you that here, noone can harm you. All safe places have this box where you can store all your items if you don't need them right now, but maybe later.The soundtrack is amazing... Enough said!There's only 2 bugs I ever noticed in this game. One is if you press shift+tab without pausing the game. If you do that, the in-game cursor stops working and won't work unless you press shift+tab again. Nothing game breaking, but not to fun either. The other one is when a Molded just walks into a wall without changing directions. It actually helped me when I was scared by making me laugh. But other than those, I've not noticed a single bug.Summary: To me, this has to be one of the best Resident Evil games in a looong time. With what I mentioned above, it's nearly flawless, from the design of the monsters to the sounds to the gameplay, to even the notes scattered around. Which is why I'll give this game a 9.5/10. GO... BUY... IT!!!"
,Recommended,418370,29788351,Posted: 8 February,all,(╯°□°）╯,Completely recommended. This is resident evil redefined. No BS quick time events. If you loved RE 4 & didnt like 5 &6 that much then this game is perfectly for you. Dont get fooled by IGNs low rating its a pretty good game. BTW the current price is a bit high I think it is a bit overpriced at the moment. If you can get it at a discount then definitely get it.
,Recommended,418370,29793954,Posted: 8 February,all,Tyler,This game is so refreshing when compared to the last three games to come out in the RE universe. I love it all the way through from the graphics to the combat and ending on the narrative everything felt just right. The end credits sequence alone felt like something out of American Horror Story. I would highly suggest to anyone to pick this game up if they want a solid Surival Horror game experience. More so if it's on sale because it is entirely worth it. Now time to wait on the DLC and see what gets added on top of what was already incredible.
,Recommended,418370,29792870,Posted: 8 February,all,Domdagger,"This game was excellent great storyline, great graphics, great scares and puzzles. The only thing that frustrated me was that the gameplay time was really short like 4-6 hours on my VERY first time playing it. the other resident evils however were like 8-12 hours which was awesome just they were more action based. If I'm going to be paying 60 bucks for a game it has to be long. EVEN resident evil 4 was cheap and THAT had a very LONG storyline. I find that kind of disapointing but im still recemmonding this game cause other than the very short storyline. It was good so play it enjoy it. Remember I WILL be writing a different review however when the dlc comes out so this wont be permanent."
76561198361010027,Recommended,418370,29780289,Posted: 8 February,all,alexanderr3b,did not regert playing it. just wish i was a little bit longer but tbf!
76561198152584299,Recommended,418370,29783221,Posted: 8 February,all,Domenikus,9/10
76561197973481972,Recommended,418370,29951424,Posted: 15 February,all,JoeDjN,"Great honor game - not perfect, would recommend"
,Recommended,418370,29494426,Posted: 25 January,all,cassiius,"Foreword: never played an RE game before, so coming in as a newbie of sorts.I've always loved horror games and the genre, but usually chicken out an hour or two in c uz I can't take the anxiety. I decided to stick with it through RE7 and am glad I did. The horror is more akin to deadspace imo than say amnesia.I'm in love with the story and the way they told it.Downside is it can be a little clunky and the facial animations are kinda meh. would have liked to see motion capture. Still would recommend it hands down at full price."
,Recommended,418370,29850081,Posted: 11 February,all,Divine,Great climatic horror-game
76561198156466946,Recommended,418370,29886556,Posted: 12 February,all,The_Moist_Police,"This is probably one of the greatest games I have ever played. I'm not really into horror games but when i saw some videos and the reveiws about Resident Evil 7, I bought it and it was awesome."
,Recommended,418370,29465711,Posted: 24 January,all,Azi,Nice game
,Recommended,418370,29881582,Posted: 12 February,all,Mulligan Wizard,"TL;DRProbably the best survival game in a long time, and an easy contendor for GOTY 2017. Very similar to Silent Hills' PT demo, except these guys actually finished their game.Pros: Spoiler-Free-Very scary for the most part. Any horror fan will feel the tension throughout their experience.-Combat is very rewarding when done right.-Inventory management makes it important to plan ahead and consider what you actually do and don't need.-Outstanding graphics. Nearly photo-realistic from start to finish.-Long game. This isn't something you'll be complaining about being too short.-Puzzles are surprisingly logical for pretty much the entire game. Never had to look up a guide.-The game advertises a free expansion pack coming out.Cons: Spoiler-Free-Enemies take a ton of bullets, even if every shot is a headshot. Makes using guns feel very weak on normal enemies and doesn't reward you for being good at using the guns.-I've accidently used a healing item when I meant to crouch a ton of times. For how scarce health items are, that is extremely frustrating.-Season Pass.----EVERYTHING BELOW THIS LINE IS A SPOILER----Pros:-Bosses are very memorable.-Tons of references to other horror games that will be cool for horror fans to see, while not alienating non-horror fans.Cons:-Horror-wise, the game falls off pretty heavily during the second half.-While the dad ends up being the most memorable villian from the game, the mom kind of just happens. There's little to no exposition on her and really nothing to make her memorable other than her spider form.-Although the big reveal about who the little girl is is pretty cool and shocking, once it settles in it seems less and less cool.-The final boss :\\-After the final encounter with the dad boss, I thought that was the ending. After that the game just seemed to drag on.-The boat section was pretty frustrating to get through, and involved a lot of ""I see that, but I can't interact with it yet because I'm not there in the story yet""."
76561198017325778,Recommended,418370,29882706,Posted: 12 February,all,uzi_02,This game is crazzzzyyyyyyyyy
76561198328349405,Recommended,418370,29882199,Posted: 12 February,all,eriklovestacos,"The game is visually awesome.  It's also super hard most of the way through.  The ending was disappointing in terms of gameplay.  Again, visually great but seemed like you couldn't lose.  Other battles throughout the game were insanely harder.  Would've almost rather had a swarm of molded for the end game.  Would've loved a longer story as well.  8/10."
,Recommended,418370,29882209,Posted: 12 February,all,sexy pinaple,this is a great game and you should buy or i tell aunt rhody!
,Recommended,418370,29885592,Posted: 12 February,all,Jeffro20301,"As a long time fan of the RE series, this is a fantastic addition to the series. I recommend playing through the whole game before writing a review stating its nothing like the other games.I'll admit, the first playthrough I did of this game was on easy, just because first person horror is on a different level of spooky for me. I jumped more times than I would like to admit playing through, i jotted down all the information so I could do a speedrun on the second playthrough, on normal.Second playthrough, Normal mode. it was the same stuff, just a little more difficult. Fine, as expected, got my speedrun achieve. woot!but Madhouse....oh boy, the level of spook is turned up to 11 for Madhouse difficulty. All new enemy locations, higher difficulty, much more inventory management. Going in to a cold sweat when im down to my last few shotgun shells, praying there will be a health item, or some ammo nearby. Then turning a corner, getting attacked and killed instantly becuase I didn't manage things properly. Its great! it took me back to the first games and the fear I had when I was younger, playing Resident Evil 2 on the N64 all the time.This game reminds me most of RE3, especially in madhouse difficulty, where you're being stalked constantly through the first part of the game, and even if you take down your enemy, knowing where he'll pop up next from easier playthroughs, he'll just get back up after a few minutes and attack you again. I was on the edge of my seat through most of this game, and I loved every second of it.The graphics are fantastic, the character models were a little weird for me at first, but after seeing a few people in the game it felt very realistic. Although, I can't understand why the Bakers have so many entertainment systems in each room with speakers, but no television, and the giant stack of CRTs you find later wouldn't even fit in those entertainment systems. Oh well.I would give this game a 9/10. My only real complaint with the game is the completion rewards. In the original games when you beat them, you would get infinite chain guns, or rocket launchers, or crazy overpowered magnums right at the start. Granted, the layout of this game wouldn't really call for a rocket launcher, but a little more variety in the weapons would have been nice. That being said, I do enjoy the hand saw you get at the start after completing the game."
,Recommended,418370,29494849,Posted: 25 January,all,claisolais,"It is a Resident Evil game.Mixed with a bit of re (the best part), RE4, 5, Revelation, and of course, a bit of Outlast. （UPDATE： And F.E.A.R. ! I almost forget that.)Many of us worrired if the game will turns out to be a Outlast 2.5: Bio Hazard/Resident Evil. It's okay, it's still feels like a resident evil game, if you've played the pervious games that I mention above, you'll see the similarities from all of them...yes, include Outlast, the first few hours feel like Im playing a Outlast game, but thankfully, it returns back to RE pretty quick.IT'S A GOOD GAME, A GOOD RESIDENT EVIL GAME.--The graphics looks awesome, and it's not a hardware killer. However, all character's facial acticvites are as bad as a PS3 tech DEMO. (I'm playing with 960M, had to set to lower setting, and lighting seems to have some issue. :/ I'm seeing shadow stripes a lot in this game.)--The sounds is okay, although most of them feels like a random horror movie's sound track's rip-off. Only the safe house BGM still taste like the old RE style.It's far from perfect, but it's a great try. This change has potentials, I really wanna see them making a zombie RE game with this game mechanics. Regarind the game mechanics, I like it, but I donno how to describe it, try other review pls. :("
,Recommended,418370,29904926,Posted: 13 February,all,Stronkman,"Going to be really honest, I have never played an RE game. Like ever.I played some of 5, but the controls were diabolicle, so i decided to just drop it.This however, is fantastic. Story is well done, the scares are well timed, and never feels cheap, or like it has to rely on them, simply because the atmosphere is so damn good, and so damn captivating.Loved every minute of it.And weirdly, I've started seeing this girl following me around? Anyone know what that's about?"
,Recommended,418370,29746140,Posted: 6 February,all,Filiv,"I was borrowing my friend's account to play this game and then finish the game, and then i bought it in my account and  realized the save game cannot be moved to my save file .. and i started this game again from the beginning...............[Warning] Probably spoilersPros :More horror than previous sh** series, you will see a lot of jumpscare, horror atmosphere, ""disgusting"" moment, and yes the ""survival"" is also take a part on this game especially on madhouse difficulty, making this game hard to finish. The graphic is also good especially when mia cut off ethan hands or jack cut ethan leg, its soo realistic. Good experience on first-person when you play it using VR, and many more.Cons :- The GameplayI find it somehow hard to aim on enemy at first but if you play through the game you will get used to it and feel more easy to aim and you will find its easy to block an enemy, i prefer dogde or run tho for better horror and survival. ( i mean srsly my heart beat so fast when jack fuc***** chase me )- The LengthThe story is good but its kinda disappointing that i can beat this game under 3 hours and yet they make an achivement about clearing it under 4 hours, so it looks like they designed this game for such a short story. At first time playing this i finish it within 6 hours.- The EnemyAnd its also disappointing that they focused on making a mutated-zombie enemy, i feels like i played another horror game, it will be great if they put some human-zombie enemy.- The RiddleI found that the riddle is not that complex, it just probably hard to finish because some enemy, and the riddle on the demo version is really complex and probably you can't figure it out without some guide or google making the riddle on the demo is better than the full game.TL;DR :The game is not worth for 50$ because of the length of the game, but its worth for the good graphic, good story, good experience. And i feels like i need to go to the doctor to check my heart because i not really good with jumpscare.Overall 8/10 because i dont really mind about the length of the game."
,Recommended,418370,29746146,Posted: 6 February,all,_Glitch_,"took me 7 hours to beat the game , pretty scary to be honest.now this was the real resident evil we been all waiting.10/10"
,Recommended,418370,29726085,Posted: 5 February,all,[RGQT] Curseius,"SO here is my take on this,resident evil 7 was a great experience the last 30 mins or so gets a little shooting gallery-ish there were so holes left in the plot which means we could see a sequal-ish game coming in the future, the first person view did exactly what it was supposed to and that was make sure you couldnt just see around corners and know where there was danger you arent given a ton of ammo for the shotgun/magnum/grenade launcher early on (though you can craft 2 types of grenade ammo but you cant craft shotgun or magnum ammo making them both very precious) they did a great job hiding all the items in the game if you want to find EVERYTHING you have to look for it all very very hard,overall though ethan is slow and weak and gets man handled by almost every monster and boss in the game you have to be dead on to kill the molden in just a few hits or they will take a ton of ammo just to put down (and ammo can be very precious and the idea that you are being hunted by an unkillable boss for a long while is just downright scary as heck toooverall this game did what it was supposed to do the end boss was a little disapointing but whatcha gonna do the game was hard enough on the first play through on normal9/10 would go tell aunt rhody everybody is deadcheck my playthrough on youtubewww.youtube.com/curseius"
76561198005256144,Recommended,418370,29726187,Posted: 5 February,all,Crofty.,Best game I've ever played
76561198028846053,Recommended,418370,30099658,Posted: 22 February,all,masshold,Best RES game ever!
76561198100993365,Recommended,418370,30096465,Posted: 22 February,all,志雷's Sphere,the best Resident Evil game in ten years!
,Recommended,418370,30093218,Posted: 21 February,all,leeca25,When you realize that the Baker household is nicer than your current accommodations..10/10would look around and take stock at my life again.
,Recommended,418370,30093635,Posted: 21 February,all,Florentb18/♥~Minkeh~♥,"Just awesome,Really good graphics,remembers the first Resident Evil and more,DLC's are great too! Can't wait for Not a Hero free DLC"
,Recommended,418370,30090812,Posted: 21 February,all,Jewbacca,"As the best Survival Horror games go, Resident Evil 7 is among the best. For best conditions, optimize your graphics, turn off the lights, turn off your second screen (if that applies) and allot yourself at least one hour of uninterrupted play time. Resident Evil 7 will grab you by the soul and pull you into the nightmare that is the Baker Mansion. Use your wits, conserve your ammo and health, and RUN LIKE HELL."
76561198108964657,Recommended,418370,30089618,Posted: 21 February,all,viper14bite,The game has as the right amount of pop ups and scary moments. 10/10 would play again
76561198039897910,Recommended,418370,30070130,Posted: 20 February,all,Tengu,Feels good to be on edge for 15 hrs.
,Recommended,418370,30073910,Posted: 20 February,all,ViCEMAN,"Its good, if you exclude the boss fights. I didn't know, was I on the right track killing the bosses. I thought there is some strategy beating them, but after all strategy was same in doom.. Just shoot shoot shoot shoot..."
76561198041028955,Recommended,418370,30078519,Posted: 21 February,all,mgfreak83,"Made me sweat, other than that it is a disturbingly beautiful masterpiece."
,Recommended,418370,30079928,Posted: 21 February,all,L E G E N D S,"*** There will be NO spoilers in this review ***I've been waiting for a game to come along which gave me a reason to put down Call of Duty. Capcom delivered that game for me with Resident Evil 7. I've been a fan of this series since it debuted on the Playstation so it was refreshing that it was a Resident Evil game which grabbed my attention. For simplicity, I'll have two lists displaying Pro's and Con's for me along with some final thoughts.Pro's:- Authentic Resident Evil gameplay atmosphere- Love the switch to 1st person view. Definitely works well- Plenty of secrets to unlock which requires you to play through more than once (replayability is decent)- Decent amount of exploration required- Multiple endings in typical RE fashionCon's:- Puzzles aren't challenging enough (this one does knock down the overall score for me a bit. Resident Evil games are supposed to put you in a position where you so badly want to Google an answer because you're stuck and cannot proceed). Most of the answers to the puzzles are easy to find to the point where they're almost gifted to you.- Game could have been longer.Overall, the game is easily worth the 60 bucks. I haven't purchased the DLC content but, that's probably next on my list after completing more of the hidden achievements. I've played the game through twice and will try and start my third play-through this evening. If you enjoy survival-horror or Resident Evil in general then, get it. If you're easily creeped out by games in this genre, don't. Simple.- Mike"
76561197976843692,Recommended,418370,30048211,Posted: 19 February,all,Frankie-Z-,Super Awsome Super creepy
,Recommended,418370,30067511,Posted: 20 February,all,Pew Pew,11/10♥♥♥♥♥♥myself
76561198304619254,Recommended,418370,30067774,Posted: 20 February,all,Tool,"I love this game. Like it is wonderful. Game might be short, but once you beat it on normal/easy you can have a few hours of frustration and self loathing on madhouse."
76561198068327331,Recommended,418370,30070740,Posted: 20 February,all,SirSuckMyGlock,awesome game
,Recommended,418370,30102288,Posted: 22 February,all,SplitCore,Lit
,Recommended,418370,30107210,Posted: 22 February,all,walmart warrior,I liked this game but they hid the ending and story tie ups behind future DLC and for a ten to fifteen hour game sixty is not fair plus thirty for the two DLC packs that are out less than a month later pisses me off
,Recommended,418370,30106560,Posted: 22 February,all,Beefjake,"The most incredible horror game I have ever played. Suspenseful, thrill seeking, enjoyable, and kept me on my toes the entire adventure. I would play it over again and again. I just wish I could play it for the first time again."
,Recommended,418370,29750201,Posted: 6 February,all,Shameful,"TL:DR: Do I recommend the game? Yes, it gets more right than it gets wrong.The good:•	I really like the way this game looked. All grimy, slimy, gritty and gross. There is depth and detail all about. I even cranked up the brightness after my first play through to check out the environment in depth.•	Finding things stashed everywhere is pretty cool. If you're bad at this there are in-game drugs that help.•	Sound design is pretty great. Adds that extra spooky.•	Character puts their hands out when the walk up to something instead of just walking face first into it.•	Chainsaws•	Calming save music oasis.•	Just enough ammo for you need to make sure most of your shots count.•	The beginning of the story is good.•	Scattered documents filling in the gaps in the story.•	Peeking into other rooms by opening doors just a crack. Just solid use of doors here.•	Spinning objects in your view to find things inside them.The Meh:•	Puzzles and locked doors as a way of increasing play time in a small environment. Backtracking galore.•	The middle and end of the story is kind of weak.•	Stopped being scary after a while.•	Restrained field of view.The Bad:•	Being unable to unload your magazines. This leaves bullets stuck in guns that have become obsolete.•	The boss fights. They aren’t so much scary as tedious and annoying. Just running, side stepping and doing damage. Seriously considered getting a refund because of them. Multiple times, had to convince myself to stick with it.•	Seriously though that last boss fight... That could have been done a lot better.•	Lack of VR."
76561198035759596,Recommended,418370,29744788,Posted: 6 February,all,trackur,"Best game ever. not much else to say about it.. About length, I played on Normal first playthrough and reloaded 35 times. I got all th files but missed a couple coins and some backpacks. It took 13 hours according to the game but I had 15 hours total play time.If you play for 10 min and die then that time isnt counted since you reload a save game.. this game is plenty long enough.. Especially considering you will play it a second time on Madhouse difficulty.. you will get 30+ hours out of this with 2 play throughs. PLus it has 2 endings so of course you will play it twice."
,Recommended,418370,29747350,Posted: 6 February,all,iisDylon,"To put it short, i'm a massive Resident Evil Fan. The past few games were a bit of a let down to me, I was practicly begging for capcom to bring the game back to its horror roots. This game done it. 9/10"
76561197963366336,Recommended,418370,29748590,Posted: 6 February,all,Farmero,"I really enjoyed this game! The thing that bothered me was that the hassle with the item box is still there and the game was a bit short. The last part of the game the story losed some ground and felt rushed. Otherwise it felt very ambient, atmospheric and gave me chills a lot of times."
,Recommended,418370,29748802,Posted: 6 February,all,The Dank Knight,"Satisfying to look at, scary characters, scary atmosphere, yes its GREAT. only thing that drives me up the wall is it stutters, sure hope to get this fixed inn an update or whatever because it was fine for the first hour."
,Recommended,418370,29731957,Posted: 5 February,all,Drewvakiin,Go tell aunt Rhody to buy this game.
76561198134543902,Recommended,418370,29733353,Posted: 5 February,all,mozzym,"I loved the gameplay, however it would have been a bit nicer to be able to interact with more items. Also the riddles were pretty easy in this game. The shadow placing locks were a ♥♥♥♥♥ though with keyboard and mouse.Overall  a wonderful game with good schock effects, but comparably short in the game-time.Not sure it was worth the price but as a true fan it didn't matter much to me."
,Recommended,418370,29731777,Posted: 5 February,all,NellucGameGuy,"9/10 - ExcellentThis is actually the first Resident Evil game I have played. I think that's a good thing for this review, since I won't be comparing this to any of the previous games.Resident Evil 7 is a PERFECTLY executed horror-survival game.The atmosphere (which is the most important thing in a horror game IMO) is creepy in a subtle way that keeps you on edge, even in a ""safe room"".The monsters are dangerous, but not frustratingly overpowered (I played this on Normal difficulty).The story is well told, through cutscenes, dialogue, and the bits and pieces you (literally) pick up searching the environment.This game is rather on the short side for $60, but still worth it."
,Recommended,418370,29734048,Posted: 5 February,all,Kingbob,"Easily one of the best games that I have played in years. The game never failed to hold my interest and made me want to keep pushing forward to learn more about the story. The plot was great and answered all of the most pressing questions I had while leaving several questions open to be answered in the future. The combat felt great and always very challenging (in the best possible way) and forced me to make every shot count since I never knew when I might find more bullets. The survival horror aspects were handled very well, I frequently found myself low on one item or another but I never felt frustrated by any of the item's frequency. The horror was done great, it managed to always make me feel unsafe but never made me feel powerless. Overall it is a fantastic game."
,Recommended,418370,29709938,Posted: 4 February,all,^4W^7ar^4M^7achine,"been around since the first one, this doesnt fail to impress. seriously creative with the VHS tapes, I was blown awayTexas Chainsaw Massacre meets House of 1000 Corpses on all fronts!degree of difficulty, scarey as hell, lots of jump scares that were well placed/timed, puzzles were fun not over the topWorth every penny, was dying for this to come out :D"
,Recommended,418370,29710269,Posted: 4 February,all,Lionel-Dota2吹水站,Nice
,Recommended,418370,29647465,Posted: 2 February,all,Angry Toast,"I personally loved Resident Evil 7. I have been playing since the very first mansion run through on PS1. I come back to all of the Resident evils occasionally and truly admire them for the works of art they are.RE7 goes back to the first three Resident Evils for me at least with puzzles, back tracking, jump scares, crazy bosses, solid level designs with lots of hidden items to find. For the true RE experience you need to play this on Madhouse after you beat the game once. It completely brings you back to the difficulty of the originals requiring saving ribbons, limited ammo, to many baddies and unrelenting difficulty.The story is very unique and at first you don't really understand the connection between Umbrella and past games towards this one, but it quickly becomes obvious through files you find and the cutscenes in between. The four bosses you fight are all very unique and very thrilling. The first three bosses are very unique in how you fight them, the environments and the type of fights. The last boss is very different in design, BUT it seems way to easy for being the last boss.The gunplay is really well done, and it does have that old school tanky control feeling (but that may just be me). The game does well instilling fear and creating that uneasy gut feeling. It is a true Resident Evil game. Don't get me wrong I love being able to do CO-OP with my girlfriend on 5 and 6, but it is nice to get back to the roots of RE.I plan on going through this 1-2 more times with different goals in mind and the final game being the insane Madhouse mode.Goodluck in your run throughs of RE7, and don't worry about the naysayers. This game is WELL worth it with plenty of DLC on the way to expand this view of the universe!"
,Recommended,418370,29645148,Posted: 2 February,all,SKILL & CALCULATIONS,"bad game, which is why I 100%'d it gg"
,Recommended,418370,29645273,Posted: 2 February,all,MalleyCrowlz,Amazing. Nemesis dlc please
76561197963016077,Recommended,418370,29645551,Posted: 2 February,all,Rallens,"Resident evil 7 is a game I can finally enjoy as a resident evil game again. I played through Resident evil 5 once. I couldn't even finish Resident evil 6, but this game has returned to format. Inspired by recently good survival horror games, it incorporates and assimilates them into the formula of what makes Resident evil games a resident evil game. And by that we're talking about: bullet counting combat, mild adventure puzzles, and creep factor galor.You adventure through the baker estate as if it were a dungeon, always being cautious at whats behind every corner. The ui is unintrusive until it covers the corners of your screen with gore to remind you without a doubt you are in a world of hurt. You fix this obscurity by washing yourself in first aid which is quite satifying in which you want to find more of the stuff.What is sorta new (resident evil outbreak had a character class that could do this) is the protagonist ethan can raise his arms to guard and reduce the incomming damage of an attack. This abilty works well in the first person perspective and its a useful and needed addition when damage is going to happen and you simply are wanting to counter its effect on you. Taking damage is no minor deal either as 3 well placed hits on ethan without guard can kill him with some enemies and difficulties reducing this down to 1 or 2 hits.I could go on about all the other awesome throwbacks to the entire series (the original trilogy comes to mind) and all the easter eggs but this game is a game worthy of the series name and brand.  I actually am thrilled what new resident evil delights will be comming out in the future again."
76561198094321557,Recommended,418370,29653106,Posted: 2 February,all,CactusJack,wont regret
,Recommended,418370,29653539,Posted: 2 February,all,rludz412,deffinitely one of the best resident evil made to date.its a nice change going back to survival horror rather than action. The length of the story is a little on the short side but it was still fun!.only thing is the first half of the game was incredible the other half ehhhhhhhhhhhhhh it was okay. still though definitely worth the buy for me.
,Recommended,418370,29592562,Posted: 30 January,all,Sesser,"This is a good game, and I can't post a positive review vote without putting this description."
76561198013774983,Recommended,418370,29592801,Posted: 30 January,all,Olims,"If you want to crap yourself and give your self a heart attack this is the game for you my friend, overall greatest comeback for the series!!!"
76561198258276810,Recommended,418370,29474084,Posted: 24 January,all,AdD1CtEd1nK ™,This game seriously makes your ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ twitch 10/10
76561198206750692,Recommended,418370,29474098,Posted: 24 January,all,MLG Remy Speak,This game is really amazing im loving it so far great way to go back to the old roots of re games. Didn't really like the ending but im not gonna spoil that.
76561198005428151,Recommended,418370,29474104,Posted: 24 January,all,Ashua,all i hoped for
76561198030801845,Recommended,418370,29474160,Posted: 24 January,all,Mr. Bungle,Terrifyingly AMAZING! 10/10.  I'm glad they took this Resident Evil in a different direction.  The company needed to do something because the games were more and more AAA movie blockbusters and to me that was boring.  This game brings back survival HORROR to a T.  I can't wait to♥♥♥♥♥♥myself some more.  Time to get playing again!
,Recommended,418370,29474164,Posted: 24 January,all,Tall Nut,Game is worth the 60
,Recommended,418370,29474265,Posted: 24 January,all,cmodYT,Very good game so far but it is very gory and violent to!https://youtu.be/KQhZG1QHahU
76561198160150903,Recommended,418370,29474274,Posted: 24 January,all,SWAGART,"Resident Evil 4 was my absolute favorite and still holds a very special place in my heart. If you're looking for a similar experience to those then this might not be the exact thing you're looking for. However, as a huge fan of resident evil series, this is such a fantastic and refreshing take on the game. The intimacy that the game provides in each encounter is so amazing. The game is once again horrifiying in every way. When you aren't in combat you honestly fear the next encounter. Enemies are once again terrifying on a level that hasn't been seen in previous iterrations of the Resident evil series. If you love survival horror do not, DO NOT, skip out on this game. 100% worth $60."
,Recommended,418370,29474380,Posted: 24 January,all,Missingno,brraAaainNNNNSSs 10/10
,Recommended,418370,29474410,Posted: 24 January,all,Severeon,"A resident evil that is scary, and not just filled with jump scares."
76561198042277778,Recommended,418370,29474567,Posted: 24 January,all,Reaver1Reaper,Game is amazing. 10/10 Would play again.
,Recommended,418370,29474575,Posted: 24 January,all,Mashu Kyrielight,This Resident Evil make me scared.... lol
76561197993541378,Recommended,418370,29474580,Posted: 24 January,all,Diamondblade,"See, this is why marriage isn't worth it Bob.  She stabbed me in the fricken hand twice Bob!  IN THE FRICKEN HAND BOB....... 10/10"
76561198049097394,Recommended,418370,29474599,Posted: 24 January,all,Revolver_Jerkalot,"Being a long time die hard fan of the Resident Evil Universe and its games I had a great time playing this game. Although there are some issues overall it is a brilliant game that has returned Resident Evil to its roots carrying on with modern elements.Pros:- Amazing atmosphere.- Terryfying antagonists.- The gun play is quite decent.- Keeps old RE tropes like finding keys for certain multiple doors and inventory micro-management.- The story is really interesting but there was a lack of story content.- Soundtrack is well matched to the atmosphere.- THAT EVER SO RELAXING SAFE ROOM MUSIC!.Cons:- The game is extremely short my playthrough lasted 5 hours and 40 minutes without rushing and sometimes standing still from fear to carry on.- There was an issue with the lip syncing in the beggining of the game but after spending an hour in the settings menu and restarting my PC it worked.- Even though my PC is more than powerful enough to run in ultra I had frame rate issues until I stayed with default medium setting which made textures look like something out of a 2003 game. But anything imprtant like guns, items and character textures were still great quality.- There were too little documents, my favourite thing is looking and finding those documents expanding the lore but there are only 32 documents in the game.- every jump scare you think will happen WILL HAPPEN.- Sometimes the frame rate would dip for no reason, this hopefully will get patched.Although there are some cons, this is still day one and hopefully if some things in the techinical aspect are patched this could easily be the best survival horror game in years.a definite 8/10 - 1 point off for the short game length and 1 more point off because of the techinical issues."
,Recommended,418370,29474621,Posted: 24 January,all,Agent Smashing,"Incredible return to form for the series, scariest game I've ever played and loving every second of it somehow.  Cannot recommend this enough."
,Recommended,418370,29474482,Posted: 24 January,all,ArrogantLife,"I love my wife so much I would risk life and limb to get her back.10/10 would get stabbed in the back by a chainsaw again.10/10 would walk go back to the basement I just left towards the breathing again.on a more serious note. I'm not very far in. The second part of the first 'boss' had me stressed enough to set it down for the night and give my nerves a break and come back after work tomorrow. But what I've come across so far is so reminiscent of re1/re2 that I absolutely adore it. Classic puzzle solving with a constant feel of impending doom about to drop down on your♥♥♥♥♥with all the force of a supernatural apocalypse. The sounds and the visual feel of the game is more modern (and has you sweating on the edge of your seat as you try to look everywhere at once) and it's a wonderful blend with a classic feel.I hear it's not very long, and to be quite honest, that's a bit of a disappointment. I was hoping for a lengthy game much like the older resident evils, but so far I'm not regretting dropping the money on the game.So if you like to have the♥♥♥♥♥♥scared out of you and feel like your constantly about to get jumped from behind, mixed with some classic puzzle solving and exploration, I would recommend this game."
76561197970280321,Recommended,418370,29474631,Posted: 24 January,all,MrT2k6,"Excellent!!! Love this style of game since number 4, but this has really changed the Ball game!Totally submerssive and graphically stunning! If you don't have surround sound or headphones with at least 5.1 then upgrade and get it because the sound is intense too! Can't rate this game high enough!"
76561198045611773,Recommended,418370,29474649,Posted: 24 January,all,El Virgil,"good game, not like the other resident evil, is not a shooter like the othersI havent play that much but I really like it how this change. but I was hoping to be more like RE4SOME HAVE PROBLEMS WITH THE FRAMES DROPING OR SOME KIND OF SHUTTERING,THIS HAPPENS BECAUSE THE OPTION OF SHADOW CACHE IS ON, i HAVE 2 GTX 980 AND HAVE THIS ISSUE, i JUST DISABLE IT AND EVERYTHING IS PERFECT"
76561197991544934,Recommended,418370,29474652,Posted: 24 January,all,42nd| KhaoticKhaz,Just beat the game absolutely loved it. The gameplay was refreshing and I enjoyed all of the boss battles and piecing the  story together piece by piece. Definitely one of the scariest games I've palyed in a long time. A lot better than most horror flicks out now. Probably going to put in another few runs to try to get alternate endings and see if i can beat it faster/ with less stuff being used. Atmosphere is perfect and everything feels great. After you learn how to block and deal with enemies it feels a lot easier but that goes with every game.
,Recommended,418370,29474829,Posted: 24 January,all,Gravedigger,"Join the Bakers as they try to bring the US back to its classical roots, core family values, football, and serial murder. They're tired of hiding who they really are, they'll have you for dinner if you want to visit. Don't mind the smell, it's just the bodies in the basement."
76561198069919748,Recommended,418370,29457779,Posted: 24 January,all,Pasta Batman,"Initial review: This is the first resident evil game I intend to play from start to finish. I've dabbled in some of the other titles, but just have never gotten into RE. After playing through the demo, though, I knew this would be a great chance to give the series a serious try. Seeing as this game stands alone from other resident evil titles, both in story and mechanics (no longer 3rd person) I've had no trouble at all getting right into it.Pros:- Its creepy! playing alone in the dark at 3am has my nerves on edge. As a survival horror I think it does a great job of really making you feel trapped in the house. The claustrophobic atmosphere is ever present, however new areas give a constant change of scenery that helps keep the gameplay fresh. The super human powers of Mia and the Bakers creates a sense of helplessness. The fact that someone could be behind the next corner, door, or even come bursting through a wall at any moment (and I would be powerless against) them gives me feelings of terror I haven't experienced since Alien Isolation.- Graphically the game is beautiful on max settings. So far everything has run smoothly.- The puzzles aren't impossible, but they're just tricky enough that you feel satisfied upon completion and are rewarded with progression. Finding different items and having to figure out how and where to use tham reminds me a lot of those old point and click adventure games.cons:- none so far. I'm playing this game with a very open mind. I know a lot of people are complaining that it doesn't feel like a resident evil title, however because I have such little experience with the series I really can't weigh in on the matter.Overall I've thoroughly enjoyed my first few hours with REVII. While it may be a departure from trends set in previous games, It is undeniably fun and scary. For the past few hours I have been nothing short of entertained, and at the end of the day that's all that really matter to me."
76561198161165151,Recommended,418370,29594915,Posted: 30 January,all,aBendyStraw,"Fantastic game. Great gameplay, very intense and challenging. Fun/interesting story. Not as scary as I was hoping but that didn't detract form the game at all. This is my first Resident Evil game, after finishing it I imediately want to play the older games. But first I must play through this one again on Madhouse and get all the collectables and try the other ending. I have never wanted to play a horror game more than once, so that is really saying something. If you're a fan of horror and/or survival games then this is a must play."
,Recommended,418370,29595619,Posted: 30 January,all,Deagle,Great game but a little short. Seems like a test pilot for the next first person resident evil. But even though it was short it was still very well done.
76561198293252384,Recommended,418370,29596168,Posted: 30 January,all,Marmut Indo,"WTF, this game really make me always scream every corner, in the other side im enjoy playing it.so far i can't finish this game bc im so scare. lol"
,Recommended,418370,29593427,Posted: 30 January,all,Im a hoovy,This is a game made me throw up on my computer screen when I was fighting momma...  It was not nice
,Recommended,418370,29578464,Posted: 29 January,all,S O 6 I X,"I loved this game, one of the scariest ever this year.buy this game when you can, its worth it.But ♥♥♥♥ too scary :(10/10"
76561198154399345,Recommended,418370,29641453,Posted: 1 February,all,jerichoarreola11,best game ever worth the 60$
76561197993474519,Recommended,418370,29630253,Posted: 1 February,all,gzweet,Very good
,Recommended,418370,29892184,Posted: 12 February,all,IndigoVulpine's Slave,"Absoloutly hands down, one of the greatest games i have ever played in my entire life. The story was brilliant and was layed out perfectly. The gameplay was scary at times but a lot of the time just felt like a super fun action shooter. If you are considering purchasing this game i beg you, do not wait! It's an experience you'll never forget."
,Recommended,418370,29892296,Posted: 12 February,all,mudball2,"New engine. New setting. New characters. It overall feels very fresh for the series and the personalities of the Baker family (especially Jack) are actually quite charming in a weird survival-horror way. While I didn't take much issue with the more action-oriented games, I'm glad to see that I can actually feel spooked in these games again. Not to mention the return of actual brutal gore.Multiple endings, upcoming free story content, and extra difficulty give you enough reasons to go back to the game. I wouldn't mind seeing a couple more installments with this engine."
76561198084696870,Recommended,418370,29889592,Posted: 12 February,all,Darko,Resident evil <3
,Recommended,418370,29891742,Posted: 12 February,all,OGRE LOAD,This game is awesome as ♥♥♥♥ it's a must buy!
,Recommended,418370,29892753,Posted: 12 February,all,YOUR FACE! GODAMMIT!,like shooting at things?like puzzle survival horror?love resi games in general?dont care if you answered yes or no just get it
76561198015287868,Recommended,418370,29893620,Posted: 12 February,all,Walking Talking Stephen Hawking,"A Resident Evil game done right. Honestly one of the best singleplayer games ive played all year. awesome story, wicked scares, brilliant visuals and a great atmosphere almost makes you feel like your playing a horror movie.Anyone thinking of getting this game, you wont be disappointed."
,Recommended,418370,29881019,Posted: 12 February,all,Daydreamer,One of the best games i have ever played. good story easy to follow 10/10
76561198258174503,Recommended,418370,29869053,Posted: 12 February,all,ChubbyCarg0,"Awesome Game!  The story is great, graphics great, gameplay is exciting and scary!"
76561198096031910,Recommended,418370,29876811,Posted: 12 February,all,Eco,"Amazing game. Holds the tension very well, and at the same time allows for a little bit of that enemy-slayin' action we all love. 9/10 cos nobody is perfect!"
76561198151818857,Recommended,418370,29876820,Posted: 12 February,all,Frosty McPie,"It has been a while since I had the butt pucker factor while playing a game, but Resident Evil 7 does it and does it pretty well. There were quite a few times I tensed up and ran frantically trying to find a safe area to recollect my plan of action. The story is not too bad either, just be sure to read all the notes you can collect as they give more insight to what exactly is going on in this universe.My only real complaint is that the game is short. Only took a heavy 9 hours to complete and could easily be completed in a shorter time if you're not interested in exploring the scenery.I don't think it's worth the $60 asking price, but at the same time I don't regret paying for it. I'd say wait for the price to drop to really get your moneys worth, but if you just can't wait to play it you won't regret it."
76561197994308325,Recommended,418370,29877278,Posted: 12 February,all,SirMonkeySuit,"An absolute joy of a game. The feeling of elation and relief I have right now is above and beyond. I have always had a passion about Resident Evil and it obviously hasn't been great for a while, with Resident Evil 5 and 6 falling flat. Resident Evil has always been at its best when it's Survival Horror and this game pulls it off perfectly. The atmosphere is incredibly thick and eerie. I recommend playing this game with Headphones with surround sound if possible, you'll find yourself constantly looking over your shoulder and slowly making your way round corners not knowing what to expect. A lot of great tension building and not completely filled to the brim with jump scares."
76561198099742354,Recommended,418370,29481214,Posted: 25 January,all,Wattsy,"Resident evil has returned true survival horror, totally awesome gamecompleted it in 9 hours lol not very long gameplay but all in all amazingruns really well no problems!!!!!"
76561198118504108,Recommended,418370,29479407,Posted: 25 January,all,gingertom69,Great game very similar to resi 4 in the sense of atmosphere and general terror. the controls are clunky at first but become managable and the story is good from beginning to end. however its some what shorter than i expected. maybe not worth 40 quid unless you're a big fan of the older resident evil games
76561197972313534,Recommended,418370,29479555,Posted: 25 January,all,ledzppln6,"Resident Evil 7 takes a lesson from Alien Isolation on how to do a proper first person survival horror game.  After playing the demo, I wasn't sure how much of a resident evil feel this game would have, but once I played the actual game I felt it right away.  Be prepared to only be able to stomach this game an hour at a time.The game is also very well optimized and runs great on PC.  A definite must buy."
76561198008370293,Recommended,418370,29479618,Posted: 25 January,all,Pachinko Brand Konami™,"RESIDENT EVIL 7 biohazard / BIOHAZARD 7 resident evil ReviewWith a step away from the shenanigans of Jake ""Kung-Fu Action Man"" Muller,  Chris ""All my Men are Dead"" Redfield, and Leon ""President Shooter"" Kennedy, RE7 tells a riveting tale of a quaint Louisiana family who are constantly plagued with trespassers.10/10""I don't do ADR"""
,Recommended,418370,29479625,Posted: 25 January,all,ＮＯＳＴＡＬＧＩＣ,GOOD GAME!Capcom did a very good job reviving the series with this. i would like them to continue the series just like this.
76561198075134293,Recommended,418370,29479664,Posted: 25 January,all,Cesar,"Everything we asked, served in a plate with even some new and good stuff. My best spent 90 dollars. Amazing experience. I cant imagine how epic this would be on a VR headset. Capcom you rised again!!! I was born with RE in 1996, RE was always in my life, i will buy your games till the day i die! (If they are as good as this one) :)"
,Recommended,418370,29479720,Posted: 25 January,all,[GRN&GLD]G.Wrex,"this game is awesome. not too scary i would say more creepy. 3 hours in but the combat and everything else feels good, natural. I imagine it must be hard to play with just the pad on  a console. Buy this game, it's good like Resident Evil 1 good..,"
,Recommended,418370,29480132,Posted: 25 January,all,InsanityPleas,"My first review and I can say that this is thoroughly deserved.I'm not a huge fan of the horror genre as I'm pretty weak when it comes to the ol' scares, but this game is super enjoyable; scares included. Definitely not over the top with jump scares as Until Dawn was.Atmospheric with a believable cast and setting.9/10"
,Recommended,418370,29491713,Posted: 25 January,all,undrentide,"I got confused for a moment...creepy house, mannequins, torchlight.. I felt like id stumbled into a new installment of Silent Hill but no its the new Resident Evil or Biohazard as its known overseas. Intial impressions are very very positive.. Its genuinly unsettling with lots of homages to classic horror films. I dont know to much about the story yet so i wont delve into that.Graphically the game looks gorgeous, and doesnt appear to suffer from any problems. Looking forward to delving more into this adventure.HOWEVER, and this is a big however - First person mode.. I cannott play anything with a first person mode without getting motion sickness and Resident Evil has proved to be the same even with the head bob option turned off. If you suffer with motion sickness like i do its maybe worth trying out the demo and seeing how you get on with that, otherwise youll be like me and have to play in  short sharp bursts stopping when the sickness becomes a bit too much.Having said that, this does have the hallmark of being a classic game and well worth playing."
,Recommended,418370,29457031,Posted: 23 January,all,The Lone Knight,"So far, game is great. Scary as all hell. The devs really captured a horrifying atmosphere with the audio to go with it. Haven't played enough yet to give a full review, but I can say my excitement wasnt for nothing. HOWEVER, it is worth noting that the game has crashed on me twice and ive played less than two hours. Im hoping this doesn't become a habit and that the devs patch this very quickly, because its a great game, so far, and doesn't need anything to tarnish it. This is a beautiful new direction for the RE franchise!For reference on crashing issues:i7 4790evga gtx 980 scAsus tuff series ddr3 sabretooth16 gb hyper x ddr3OKAY !!! WOOO!! I just beat the game and let me say GREATEST F******* GAME !!! Definately in my top games of all time. The gameis really dynamic and is totally a resident evil game just with fresh air breathed into it. AS AN UPDATE ON THE PERFORMANCE OF THE GAME : The game didn't crash once after my inital playthrough. I also initially played it before the latest geforce driver for the game was released. Once I installed it the game ran even more buttery smooth.Don't hesitate please pick it up and support this game !!!10/10Gonna play again when Vive support drops."
76561197983681400,Recommended,418370,29823435,Posted: 10 February,all,mwebby,short but sweet
76561198325094609,Recommended,418370,29824923,Posted: 10 February,all,Reaper_RavenX,"This game is totally recommended ! Survival horror feature was definitely exist in RE 7, unlike RE 6, it had a lots of jump scares, lack of ammo, run and hide, solve puzzle and improvise. Brilliant environment and AI, especially Baker's Family member when they chasing you around the house. Seriously love this game."
76561198060313216,Recommended,418370,29808272,Posted: 9 February,all,Injuriosum,"Amazing game.Juste finished it, and already want to play it again in survival mode."
76561198113271135,Recommended,418370,29842169,Posted: 11 February,all,Ameister,"I give this game a 7/10 It was decent, It kept me entertained and grandma kept me crackin up every time I turned a corner and saw her chillin in her wheelie chair...I will be comparing this to The Evil Within as I've played both and this game closely resembled it.Still don't think it was a scary game, in my opinion *MY OPINION* The Evil Within is a much better purchase for the price and comes with loads of more content and play time...This game has the same enemies every corner unfortunately, you could honestly live through the entire game with one gun (the shotgun) and the environment really didn't creep me out as much as I thought it would.I didn't really click with the characters on a level I wanted the game to make me connect to them, this also makes me not love it as much, the replayability is none... The time you seen I've put in to beat this game is all you're ever going to see...Regardless, if you have a day or two off of work you want to kill and don't mind spending $60 dollars, I definitely would recommend this game, however if you want to spend $19.99 on a game with all three DLC being their own games and = $25 all together I'd definitely go with The Evil Within"
,Recommended,418370,29842205,Posted: 11 February,all,Hroin,Ayeeeeeeeeeeeeree lit 😕
,Recommended,418370,29682280,Posted: 3 February,all,P.F.,"*** SPOILER FREE REVIEW! ***INTRO:Resident Evil 7 returns to the series' roots as an atmospheric horror game that emphasizes smart usage of your supplies and careful observation of your environment to unravel the mysteries of the deadly Baker Estate and escape. Combat and action are still present, just like the classic era games, but is naunced to make you feel ill-prepared and outmatched for the majority of the game.PROS:- THEY FINALLY DITCHED THE RE4 FORMULA! After the disaster that was RE6, there is no more over-the-shoulder action movie BS.- First Person Perspective. This point is a little contended, but I feel it REALLY helps the game, even as a die-hard fan of the classic era games. The perspective immerses you into the environment and helps the scares have a bigger impact.- Classic RE mechanics make a return. Ammo and healing items are ample enough to help you ward off enemies, but scarce enough to leave you defenseless if you are wasteful. Also returning are inventory management, safe rooms, and puzzles.- Gunplay feels solid and rewards skill. Bodyshots do very little damage, consistent headshots are the key to conserving ammo and taking down enemies quickly.- The atmosphere and level of detail feels spot on. I was iffy when I first heard about the setting of the game, but it really does bring back the classic sensation of creeping through an abandoned, dirty mansion filled with death traps and monsters. The graphics are gorgeous and there are items often hidden in plain sight to help increase your odds of survival.- Madhouse mode. The game feels decently challenging on Normal, but if it is too easy for you try this out. It's more or less like Arrange/Advanced mode from RE Director's Cut and makes RE7 feel like an entirely new game.CONS:- Most of the areas feel a bit too small. This is the biggest con for me. I wish the Baker House was about 30% bigger at least, and the cat-and-mouse section with Lucas was about doubled in size, in particular. When you don't know where you are going it feels massive, but quickly shrinks as you find your way around the game.- The endings are pretty underwhelming. Or rather, the ""attempt"" at two different endings is underwhelming. You're basically given a choice like three quarters through the story and you can either pick the good ending or the bad ending. If you've played RE1 or SH1 you'll know endings in survival horror (or just in general) are specifically supposed to be the result of a build-up of choices over the game, not one seemingly random decision. Also, the writers are basically saying Mia is more important than the peoples' lives she ruined, and ♥♥♥♥ that.- Game tries to be too cinematic at times. Second biggest con, part of the charm to the classic era games was the LACK of story intervention and the focus on figuring things out yourself. While RE7 does have a decent bit of solo exploration, you are often pulled out of it for a scripted cutscene or an objective dump. ALSO NO SKIPPABLE CUTSCENES! WTF???- The enemy variety is stale. The ""Molded"" act as the basic zombies for this game, and there are only 4 different forms for them and they all look generic. This is an especially stark contrast to a game like RE0 which had a wide and colorful cast of monsters for you to fight.- Number of boss fights. The boss fights are enjoyable for the most part, but there only four of them and the fourth is too cinematic and far too easy.OVERALL:RE7 is intensely enjoyable especially on your first playthrough, but the lack of content starts to show through after a few playthroughs. I am sure the DLC will fix this problem somewhat, but even if it doesn't this game is still very solid and will provide an excellent template for RE8.8/10"
,Recommended,418370,29787421,Posted: 8 February,all,NKBЯizzle,Not worth 60$ its a pretty short game. Beat it in 8 hours just because I wanted to go after collectables while playing on Normal. Not that many evil enemys they all look the same. Pretty cliche story with a game full of jump scares. 7/10 but not worth 60$.
,Recommended,418370,31036355,Posted: 9 April,all,you honey dicker,returned it cause it was2spooky4me
76561198024545362,Recommended,418370,30086787,Posted: 21 February,all,SK747,Its very good. buy it
,Recommended,418370,30116324,Posted: 23 February,all,ClydeTheBlackMage,"Pros-Good story-Scary-Doesn't rely on jump-scares-Combines the good old Resi formula with FPS gameplayCons-Kinda shortI have been a fan of Resident Evil for years now.. Played trough all the classics, witnessed the disappointment that was Resident Evil 5 and lost the faith in the series after 6 and Umbrella Corp.. But this game has given me so much hope for the future of Resident Evil. This game is absolutely amazing and a must for a Resident Evil fan or a horror fan in general"
,Recommended,418370,30116541,Posted: 23 February,all,Nilabraz,"The best Biohazard game ever but the wrecked ship part was boring, i'm not sure why the ship is a common occurence or setting for the series but yeah, that part of the game was a real snoozer."
76561198073464800,Recommended,418370,30069906,Posted: 20 February,all,At0m the great,"Buy it on sale, it's worth 39$ with DLC. Don't waste your money on this at full price.The game is pretty short. which is frustrating if you spent 60$ on it.The game looks great. it's pretty intense and scarry. a few well placed jump scares. but most of the fear is from the atmosphear. I like the challanges it has.And they've already released DLC that costs way more then it should.. Capcom really must be hurting if they're charging players so much for the game and DLC.. what a slap to the early buyers face :/"
,Recommended,418370,29512027,Posted: 26 January,all,SeaTurtleMan,"Love you, Eveline :*"
,Recommended,418370,29512063,Posted: 26 January,all,Artifuse,"This game went above and beyond my expectations. We all know we can never really go back to RE123, but if this isn’t the new gen RE I don’t know what is. It seems like Resident Evil decided that buff guys, assault rifles and roundhouse kicking zombies wasn’t the way all along. You can clearly tell the developers took this game incredibly seriously. The game makes sense, feels like a resident evil game and more importantly sets the foundation for future installments."
,Recommended,418370,29512226,Posted: 26 January,all,Hiz,Awesome game. Love that the RE series is going to back to the right direction.
76561198052101006,Recommended,418370,29512245,Posted: 26 January,all,Aetherius,"Resident Evil is a return to form for the long running series. Which Capcom has successfully returned to its survival horror roots. That atmosphere is particularly eery thanks to the excellent sound design. From the sound of footsteps on the floor above, to the sound shutters banging against the house due to wind. You really feel as if you're trapped in a delapidated and depressing home fighting for your life. This all is helped by the series first foray into being completely played in first person. Whether it's hiding from an stalking enemy or slowly opening a closed door, the tension is definitely ramped up thanks to this change. It's something I was nervous going into the game, but it feels right at home as you progress.There are a multitude of puzzles that harken back to the orignal games. Puzzles initially start out as simple ""Bring item A here"" soon become more involved and intricate, which due to potential spoilers I won't go into detail. Tense enemy encounters with eery environments really trigger memories of nostalgia for past games. Gone are the stylistic action set pieces that series previously diverged into. RE7 returns to the frantic feeling of you versus an imposing foe with limited resources. Every decision matters and a bad one could be your last.Resident Evil 7 really spoke to me. As a huge fan of entries 1 - 3 and I couldn't be happier with the end result. This is Resident Evil. Returning to what made the series popular should be commended by Capcom, but it also adds plenty of new things to keep it feeling fresh. This entry is also a great jumping off point for those new to the franchise. Easter eggs and other references are plenty and sure to be picked up by the most hardcore fan. Yet it won't bog a new player down to those unfamiliar without prior series knowledge.My completion of Resident Evil 7 on Normal clocked in at right around 10 hours. Resident Evil 7 brought back feelings for a franchise I thought were all but forgotten. The negatives brought on by RE5 and 6 are completely gone. This is Resident Evil at its finest. If you are a long time Resident Evil fan this is a no brainer of a purchase. If you're new it's a great jumping off point for this storied 20 year franchise.Final score...9/10"
,Recommended,418370,29705607,Posted: 4 February,all,Buhdahl,Resident Evil is Horror again!
,Recommended,418370,29705805,Posted: 4 February,all,3kim,Awesome game just not that long
76561198006561843,Recommended,418370,29709050,Posted: 4 February,all,Darkside99x,"Survival horror - YesResident Evil - Barely, tho there are times u get the vibe more than others.Worth it -  Yes, while its a hell of a lot less scary than the demo was, its still a very well put together horror game.Thumbs up.Hope the Resi 2 remake has this much love."
,Recommended,418370,29709087,Posted: 4 February,all,Kattonious Van Helsing,LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOVED IT
,Recommended,418370,29694594,Posted: 4 February,all,Firestarter,that moment you've completed the game on normal and you open the first storagebox to find yourself the Albert-01R handgun lying there just for you to shoot Jack in the face after he killed your favourite deputy.
,Recommended,418370,29707219,Posted: 4 February,all,36 HURRICANES IN MY HEART,"I have beaten this game three times. I usually don't complete games I purchase, so that's a hint this is a good game.It starts off scary but is mostly only tense later on. There are many jump scares, which I personally don't like.Most people seem to take 7 or 8 hours on their first playthrough, to give an idea of what kind of length to expect.I may purchase the DLC, but it's dumb that it's already out on a console but won't be available on PC for weeks still."
76561198261241018,Recommended,418370,29706275,Posted: 4 February,all,Shawsta,"Best horror game ever, PERIOD!Capcom really pulled it off, this game is utterly a nerve wracking experience which makes you feel like you're in the game yourself. It also has The Texas Chainsaw Massacre vibe to it!A MUST buy!"
,Recommended,418370,29620668,Posted: 31 January,all,Nate,This is one of the only games that I didn't feel safe when walking with a shotgun.
,Recommended,418370,30295849,Posted: 3 March,all,Spookjax,"The best Resident Evil game since 4. This game is a massive change in the right direction for this series, going back to its survival horror roots. Basically if the original RE had been made today. Super spooky, looks gorgeous, massive replayability and a wealth of extra DLC content (which is worth the price). Looking forward to where this revitalised series goes from here."
76561198010114285,Recommended,418370,30305643,Posted: 3 March,all,tarantula,"I have only ever played one other resident evil game, but I am loving the atmosphere in this game, it keeps me on my toes wondering if there is something around the corner or behind every door. It's not perfect but it is a thrilling ride none the less."
76561198219778611,Recommended,418370,30365694,Posted: 6 March,all,Charming Taint Man,"Aye, fight and you may die. Run, and you'll live... at least a while. And dying in your beds, many years from now, would you be willin' to trade ALL the days, from this day to that, for one chance, just one chance, to come back here and tell our enemies that they may take our lives, but they'll never take... OUR FREE DEMOS!  I've loved ya.  Always have."
76561198108510381,Recommended,418370,30320012,Posted: 4 March,all,davidvilches94,"Defintely a must have. If you have played Resident Evil 1 you will become familiar with the game mechanics. Very dark atmoshere that keeps you on your feet all the time. For the best experinece play at night, lights off, and use headphones...., oh and a diaper just in case :)As for the price I would wait for a discount I honestly expecting for a longer gameplay. But overall CAPCOM did a great job with this game!."
76561198018631955,Recommended,418370,30329145,Posted: 4 March,all,yarwood89,"Good game, but very disappointed in its short length and low replayability. Glad I only bought the 60 dollar version. Wait till the price comes down or it goes on sale. NOT WORTH THE 60+ dollars!"
,Recommended,418370,30326731,Posted: 4 March,all,the_ninj4,"Amazing, terrifing experience!"
,Recommended,418370,30324079,Posted: 4 March,all,MythicDawn,"First i'd just like to give the specs on my rig considering a lot of ""NO"" recommendations are due to qualityCPU= Intel Core i7-4770K 3.5GHz  Quad-Core ProcessorMother Board= MSI Z87-G45 Gaming ATX LGA1150Memory= 2x Corsair Vengeance PRO 16GB DDR3-1600 Memory...32GB of total RAMVideo Card= EVGA GeForce GTX 780 Ti 3GB Superclocked ACXI built this PC April of 2014 making this PC almost 3 years old and I was able to run this game @1920x108050.00HzFull ScreenW/ Texture, Texture Filtering, Effects Rendering and Shadow Quality all set to ""High""With that being said, the game never lagged, lost frame rate or froze at any time during my playthrough. I also had the xbox app, steam app, elgato game capture and youtube all running on a separate monitor. So overall maybe the problem for most people lies within the type of settings they are changing within the game?Anywho, This game was a VERY enjoyable change of pace for the RE franchise. It brought back the ""survival horror"" aspect people had been begging for and also introduced us to a possible ""New"" story line...that is just speculation of course on my part....I will admit i was a little irritated that the game wasnt following any of our characters we have grown fond of but with the reassurance of seeing the words ""umbrella"" and in game files referencing old RE games among other things, it made me happy to know that we are still at least within the same world/universe or time period as the incidents from Racoon City and that our beloved characters are alive....somewhere....Bottom line, if you have thought about getting this then by all means GET IT, you wont regret it and its replay value is high IMOFun boss battles, challenging enemies, and so much lore you'll be checking every single note throughout the game."
76561198023383968,Recommended,418370,31208312,Posted: 17 April,all,t3hrazor ✯,"Well. Resident Evil 7 here it comes again...First to begin with all the other resident evil games have sucked so i didnt pay much attention to them, but then this game came out, played the demo, seemed promising, only thought was how scripted is the game. Well, its alot but putting all that aside the game is ♥♥♥♥ING awesome!FX graphics are decent+ shadows are amazingly done, gameplay is solid as hell, and the storyline is absolutely perfect to be a RE game!. only thing that i felt was pretty bad was that the game didnt last very long but id say the game is worth it, felt so immersed in the game the whole time!Long story short, its worth 50 EURO by my opinion!"
76561197981175705,Recommended,418370,30312541,Posted: 4 March,all,Femto,"Cons:- Game has a big problem with VRAM usage, if you have a GPU with less then 4 GB's of RAM, you will experience stuttering even on textures set to medium, I have a GTX 980 and anything above medium textures makes the game freeze every minute for up to 20 seconds, pretty bad. Note that actual texture quality aka resolution of textures, doesn't change on setting from medium to very high, the only thing that changes is how much VRAM the game uses to store textures to avoid pop-ins.- Very high shadows kill your framerate for no visiible benefit.- No VR support, even though it seems to be the best game out there that is designed with VR in mind, have to play it on PS4 if you want that experience.Pros:- Rest of the game settings are optimized well.- Most fun I've had in a survival horror since Dead Space 2, the game is amazingly well paced, has a lot of variety, never stops to surprise you.- The game has a very tense and tangible atmosphere and uses it to make you scared instead of relying on cheap jump-scares.- A lot of Resident Evil mechanics return and done right, exploration is rewarding, a lot of doors are closed until you figure out a way in, or find the keys, item combination and invintory managment are here too in all of their glory.- Combat is fun and varied as well, the game has an impressive amount of weapons you'd never expect.- Boss fights are very fun, tense and intresting. The Baker family itself is probably one of the best villians any game of survival horror has seen. Think they will be remembered and compared to new antogonists in the genre for years to come.- Madhouse difficulty is a total overhaul of the game, less enemies (but they're all much tougher), new placment of enemies, very limited resources and ammo, boss fights play out differentely and are much harder, no autosaves, you can only save in safe houses using tapes, which are rare and are 1 use only.Overall - a must have for survival horror fans, a very very impressive return to form from a franchise long stagnant and out of any ideas what to do with itself. Here's hoping Capcom learns the right lessons from this, and expands on this new, fresh and definitely better vision of RE formula."
,Recommended,418370,30320423,Posted: 4 March,all,The Real Fiction,"I'm a long time fan of the Resident Evil series, and I'll say first and foremost that I was not one of the people looking forward to this ""new direction"" for the series. I'm not particularly fond of First Person Horror games, and I disliked the Texas Chainsaw Massacre vibe (I still don't really like it after finishing the game twice). That being said, I think this is the best Resident Evil game since Resident Evil 4.So, I'll say a few thinkg about what I liked and disliked.First off, the new engine delivers some great graphics. Especially where the skin textures are concerned, this is one of the better looking games on the market. However, you should be wary of playing this game on lower end systems. The VRAM requirements are pretty insane, going over 10GB's frequently. I play it currently on a system with an EVGA GTX 950 (which is a very good low-mid range card) with 2GB's of VRAM, an Intel i3 6100, and 16GB's of DDR4 RAM and get decent framerates for the majorty of the time (60-90fps) but experience very frequent stutter. With some settings tweaked, it's playable, but still stutters quite a bit.Other than this though, the game looks and plays great. The shooting/combat mechanics get the job done and done well, but could have been improved in my opinion. They're a little stiff, but that could have also been a bit of a design decision. Also, I really hope Capcom or whoever decides to keep the healing system they came up with. The animations for wounds healing right in front of you is pretty awesome, and I hope they expand on it with different types of injuries and their subsequent healing animations.This game is violent. Very much so, which I appreciate. I won't spoil, but some of the early game injuries are pretty shocking your first time through. The level designs are very good, with a lot of meaningful backtracking, puzzles, and environmental storytelling. The Baker Estate was a surprisingly good area to play through and explore.And, since I brought it up; Let's get on the topic of the story:I thought this game had a very interesting story, (even though the main concept is almost straight ripped from Silent Hill 2) with some VERY interesting characters... except the main character. I found Ethan Winter likeable enough, but a lot of what he says and does (plus his reactions to things going on) do not fit well with the tone of the story they're trying to tell. It doesn't make much sense for Ethan to keep on trucking through all this crazy s*** just to find his wife. That being said, the game gives you just enough threads of story to keep you interested and invested until you hit about halfway to three quarters of the way through. Especially with the very last few hours (let's say 2), the narrative just kinda drops off and everything falls into place a little too neatly. There are two ""endings"" triggered by a choice you make close to the end, but really there's not much of a difference between the two and the obvious choice is the one that you're better off going with. The ending left me intrigued, as it has some very interesting implications for long time fans who have followed the story like I have.The only other real complaint I have is that the game is a bit on the short side, taking about 6-9 hours during a normal playthrough.I want to see where they're taking the series, and hope to see the old characters make their returns.WHAT HAPPENED TO JILL VALENTINE DAMMIT?!?!?!?!?!?! I WANNA KNOW!"
76561197972447870,Recommended,418370,30328629,Posted: 4 March,all,Elipsis,If you like RE1/2 buy it. Not a perfect game but definitely a step in the right direction for Capcom.
76561198006779910,Recommended,418370,30298575,Posted: 3 March,all,ObsessedEddie,RE IS BACK
,Recommended,418370,30309937,Posted: 4 March,all,Kamisama,Hands down the best Resident Evil since RE4. It's not scary at all like people are complaining about lol.10/10 well done CAPCOM.....well f*cking done.
76561198041033531,Recommended,418370,30351686,Posted: 5 March,all,RosenFell,The game is absolutly fantastic! It is great to go back to the roots of Resident evil with the true horror and the somewhat stratigic play style that requires further thought when it comes to playing through in madhouse dificulty which I 100% recomend as it is a blast. With the great success of RE7 I have faith we will see great things to come from Capcom.
,Recommended,418370,29555962,Posted: 28 January,all,Kelt1c,"Good game, uses a ton of VRAM though so if you dont have a newer card like the 1070 you will have to play on low settings. Even with a 970 I get bad stuttering in even medium settings, especially during cutscenes."
,Recommended,418370,30301762,Posted: 3 March,all,Kim Bo Kastekniv,"Daddy Likey, i do not like the aunt Rhoadie theme song though. But i love the old game references in the story. Resident Evil 1 through 7 have all been decent in my opinion"
76561198376977837,Recommended,418370,31306341,Posted: 22 April,all,carldgregory,"For the most part I was very happy with this game, plenty of jump scares and traditional survival horror features.  The game sometimes felt liked it was being played in a back to front fashio, I would receive loot at certain points which I could have used at earlier points in the game.  There was also a little too much fetching and carrying of things and items and concepts that I at least easily missed.  From a 'graphics' perspective I cannot fault the title, the game renders beautifally in 4K and runs extremely smoothly with the artists deserving particular praisee for their grasp of the horror imagery that was used.  Excellent in all departments, cant waot for the next one!"
76561197997709219,Recommended,418370,31331275,Posted: 23 April,all,drrrtysanch,"Very spooky game. Everything that I wanted in the series.  A nice change of pace from RE4-6. I love first person because it makes the chases that much more intense.Story: 8.5/10Graphics(max setting): 6.5/10 sorry, just didn't look good. But the gameplay makes up for itAudio(5.1 surround): 10/10 this made the game for me"
,Recommended,418370,29502143,Posted: 26 January,all,ItsSheriff,"Well at first I thought this will be a P.T rip off but good job Capcom you did it,you saved the franchise! Don't let the new first person perspective deceive you guys,as a huge fan of RE series I can easily say that the game has returned to it's roots.With the upcoming DLC,this game will definitely turn out to be one of the greatest RE games ever."
76561198358969359,Recommended,418370,31386286,Posted: 26 April,all,mikecal28,"GReat graphics, off the bat, twisted and different from any other resident evil game ever played."
76561198010039410,Recommended,418370,31219353,Posted: 18 April,all,=irish=,all good   to ply  the go in to your  big picture mode   it works
76561197999436605,Recommended,418370,31266799,Posted: 20 April,all,PezOnaytor,Has anyone seen Aunt Rhody? I've got an important message for her!10/10 would get theme stuck in head for weeks again...
,Recommended,418370,31405750,Posted: 27 April,all,xaos-,"Great graphics, great atmosphere, great story... til the end. Got blue balled on the ending. Still an amazing game, will be playing again when I get new underwear."
,Recommended,418370,31330401,Posted: 23 April,all,nextlol,"** Hell Yes! ** ( 9 / 10 )Resident Evil VII reminded me what started my love affair with the franchise!Perfect mix of creepy unsettling visuals and jump scares.  I felt like there was a lot of nostalgia for the first Resident Evil throughout.  If you been gaming long enough to have been around for the franchises introduction, this will definitely bring you back and make you proud.  I definitely recommend buying!---Scores for key elements---Graphics / Visuals : 10/10Audio Quality / Use : 9/10Jump Scares : 9/10Creepy / Unsettling : 10/10Gameplay / Mechanics : 11/10Story : 8/10"
,Recommended,418370,31483832,Posted: 1 May,all,REBORN JOE,I have gave up this game when i found it is really hard for every scene(under the hradest model) ! Nevertheless  it is still worth to play!!!
,Recommended,418370,31495726,Posted: 1 May,all,Windypeens,This is one of my favorite games in the Resident Evil collection. This team did an amazing job at creating such a creepy atmosphere and intense gameplay.
,Recommended,418370,31495699,Posted: 1 May,all,TheRadicalBro,"If you want a 9/10 horror game, well you've come to the place. Resident Evil 7 is the best horror game I've ever played."
76561198043035901,Recommended,418370,31430284,Posted: 28 April,all,Navalstar Elite,"Think Before You BuyResident Evil 7 provides a interesting story with interesting characters. The gunplay feels natural and the way you interact with your surroundings and monsters feels good. I've strived to get all of the achievements in this game (including Ethan Must Die) and I loved every minute of it. If you are a former player of the Resident Evil franchise, this one may be quite a shock to you since it isn't similar to the rest, but I believe this is exactly what the franchise needed, and I believe it is a must play or a must watch.ProsInteresting story and charactersMechanics are interesting and smoothMusic and sound are fineGraphics are greatA fair amount of play timeGood for multiple play throughsConsOther than the redneck family, the enemy variation is horribleThere are only like 3 different types of enemies, not including boss fights"
,Recommended,418370,31434007,Posted: 29 April,all,Scruffy. The Janitor.,"The best in the series since Resident Evil 4. Literally can't say I got 1/5th the enjoyment out of this game as 4, but it's still solid nonetheless. I'll be making a lot of comparisons between 4 and 7, since 4 is my favorite (and probably the best critically reviewed too).Cons:-tiny map and restrictive setting. Seriously, it feels so small. In 4, you visit villages, mines, a castle, a military island. You call in helicopters to aid you, and snipe sentries out of watchtowers. In 4, the environments range from misty woods to dimly lit corridors to wide-open opulent interiors filled with burning braziers and priests chanting ""die die die"" in spanish to sewers with invisible beasts to a frightening lab. In RE7, you get dimly lit corridors.-few enemy types-not many weapon selections or choices for alternative game ""paths""-Like most ""modern"" videogames, feels more like an interactive movie than a gamePros:-captures spirit of original game better than any title, despite shortcomings in gameplay-horror aspects are better than critics say. Literally was anxious for whole playthrough.-satisfying gameplay and fps-fun bossfights-Zoe Baker is my waifu. Not to spoil anything, but she's a pretty tragic character. Turns the whole RE ""1 useless female, 1 kickass female"" convention around.If you're old enough to remember the thrill of the first 2 RE games, this one is pretty much the modern equivalent. Something about the atmosphere, ""revisiting"" of old areas rather than a linear path (like 3+ and the GC games had), and constant desperate lack of ammo/resources for most of the game perfectly capture the visceral feeling of the first 2 games like no other title.It has its flaws, and isn't objectively the best GAME (that'll be RE4 for me, for a while) in the series, but it's definitely better than the disappointing mediocrity that was 5 or the abortion that was 6.If they can take the atmosphere and visuals of this, and combine it with thetl;dr version: play this game if you liked the original 2 games. It's the closest thing we've seen to those atmosphere-wise in decades. If you don't expect the expansive feel setting-wise of 4 and 5, you'll be pleasantly surprised."
,Recommended,418370,29504310,Posted: 26 January,all,KF ¨Dimebag¨ Johansson,"The best Resident Evil released in over a decade, even tops Revelations 2 which was the best game since RE4 in terms of Survival Horror.I love it so much I finished it two times already on Normal, soon I'll play the Madhouse mode which is more like the classic RE's, leaving you with a limited amount of saves since you need cazzette tapes to save your progress.The replay value is great, it gives you unlockables as you finish the game the first time making you want to play it atleast one more time with those items, and don't forget the FREE dlc coming in spring called ¨Not A Hero¨.Don't listen to those saying that ¨This is no Resident Evil game¨, they're wrong, this game is more Resident Evil than RE5, RE6 and Revelations 1. They're just mad about that it's First Person and that it's in Texas trying to say that it's a game where you only run from a pair of rednecks, not anything near it. And don't compare it to games like P.T. and Outlast due to some similarities, that's just sad.Capcom really revived the series here, bringing RE back to it's roots.Easily a 10/10 from me, coming from a big RE fan."
76561198022991982,Recommended,418370,31588029,Posted: 6 May,all,radioboss,"Great one, and great music too. A bit short, though."
,Recommended,418370,31574565,Posted: 5 May,all,A Moon Laying Space Dragon,"Overall good game. glad to see resident evil going back to their roots. The game was a little short, but has room for replayability for those interested."
76561198089913160,Recommended,418370,31626119,Posted: 8 May,all,jaykoe012,"The last resident evil game I played, there was a merchent who asked ""whata buyin"" pretty sure that was like 4 or 5.This game is actually much better than I thought it would be.Some moments that actually made me jump, or look behind me.Not the most difficult game, But the story is good and keeps you playing so you can peice together what happened.I would give it a 8.5/10.Major drawbacks are its way too short! Im the type of player who looks at every corner for secrets, and I beat the gamee in 20 hours on normal. The gun choices seem limited, but thats norm for this franchise. REplaying now on Madhhouse dificulty. Def check it out, its a great game."
76561198148843622,Recommended,418370,31590364,Posted: 6 May,all,anas_alhosni,Excellent horror game and amazing graphics. But stutters even with high end GPUs. Medium settings recommend and the game is just awesome and scary.
76561198004984262,Recommended,418370,31623352,Posted: 8 May,all,Serval,"Good game. Short, but a great return from the rediculousness that resident evil was becoming."
,Recommended,418370,31618957,Posted: 7 May,all,Anthony,"They definitely took some inspiration from Outlast, but it's a big step in the right direction. I really appreciated the atmosphere, environment, and quality of the graphics. Rich narratives are never a strength in resident evil games, but the gameplay is always bad @$$ and fun to play. Get this game while it's on sale, turn off the lights and grab some popcorn."
76561198019009835,Recommended,418370,31507560,Posted: 2 May,all,Kel`Thuzad,really spooked10/10Can't wait to play through with VR.
76561198283295820,Recommended,418370,31506850,Posted: 2 May,all,響,"I think Eison is a bad man he killed his grandfather and grandmother just for his wife ?why he refused his family's invitation ?if you want to know,buy and  play this laji game !"
,Recommended,418370,29479633,Posted: 25 January,all,Dead Sirious,Looking forward to Not A Hero DLC!
,Recommended,418370,30057673,Posted: 20 February,all,SuperDova,ให้ความรู้สึกกลับไป RE ที่ต้องทำทุกอย่างเป็นวินาทีมากๆ  มันดีมากนะ แต่จบเร็วไปหน่อย 9/10
76561197960587588,Recommended,418370,30104564,Posted: 22 February,all,Dr. Chuck,"Great experience, res evil is back in the right direction"
76561198008006661,Recommended,418370,30107626,Posted: 22 February,all,Blackout8163,"So far I'm really enjoying this game, it's interesting, suspensful and can scare the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you."
,Recommended,418370,30085742,Posted: 21 February,all,smarrties,"Amazing game, fits in well with the rest of the series and really took me back to the ps1 days. A little too easy though."
,Recommended,418370,29567555,Posted: 29 January,all,WORLDS WORST KILLER,"Review AFTER beating the game: As a big P.T. fan I picked this game up due to similarities (and straight up copying). This game starts off very strong story wise and scary AF... then drops and drops as the game progresses. Jump scares become relied on by a dumb monster in the molded. Ehh... As the game goes on it becomes very predictable. P.T. was scary cus you never knew what the hell was going to happen. Overall: Good game, above average story, worth beating. But still nowhere near what P.T did to me."
76561198140713405,Recommended,418370,32169933,Posted: 4 June,all,Your pal from guadalcanal,"This game is pretty awesome.I had a friend literally watch me play it all the way through because the graphic fidelity and story of it is comparable to a movie.The whole scare factor of the game goes away after about an hour or two in game,It took me about 9 hours to get through the main game.It was creepy and unsettling all the way through but you get really hooked on the overall story of it which is nice.I definetly reccomend this game,best resident evil I have seen in years."
,Recommended,418370,32276731,Posted: 8 June,all,Bigoldbum,best res game ive every played
76561198015423491,Recommended,418370,32293829,Posted: 9 June,all,Iwanikus_SRB,Very Nice game!!!
76561198075958715,Recommended,418370,32409622,Posted: 14 June,all,kyle11113,very fun
76561198050152935,Recommended,418370,32422038,Posted: 14 June,all,XCALIBER,great game if you have the stamina.
,Recommended,418370,32326103,Posted: 10 June,all,Jacobtheepic,"Well I just want to say this is the most emotional Resident Evil game I've played. Not going to spoil everything but read everything you see so you understand the story. I would defiantly reccomend this game, it's a great dark masterpiece.."
,Recommended,418370,30127591,Posted: 23 February,all,King Woodstock,"After Re6 I had lost hope on Resident Evil ever being good, then this amazing game came out. I recommend this game highly especially for those who have never played an RE game before."
76561198082202988,Recommended,418370,32331706,Posted: 10 June,all,jerome the wise,"great game. If you  like the first RE then you will like this one. It seems a bit easier, but it still give you that RE1 feeling. I wish there were some zombies tho. Not a big fan of the dlc."
,Recommended,418370,32352189,Posted: 11 June,all,Serpent,"its quite good game , the only negative thing is that its too short"
,Recommended,418370,30679387,Posted: 22 March,all,DC_Train,Best survival horror game to ever exist if you dont get this game you are missing out on a genre defining game and if I didnt get this I would have never groun to love this game
,Recommended,418370,32328958,Posted: 10 June,all,renatyllib,crapped me pants so many times
76561198030191876,Recommended,418370,32331645,Posted: 10 June,all,SuperDoggie,"Buy it now.Graphics are stunning, atmosphere is immersive and first person view works surprisingly well, letting you sink into the main protagonist whilst forcing you to constantly watch your back. Playing at night with headphones on and correct brightness settings allows the game to show its true potential. Thanks to first person mechanics and truly terrifying game world, you will actually take the time to explore the incredibly detailed surroundings. This alone shows how much passion designers put into this game.Of course it's not perfect. Second half definitely feels a little rushed and is not as impressive as the first. You will however still want to complete the game for its storyline and characters alone. Also the ending could have been done better. It's good and rewarding except for... well you'll see :)"
,Recommended,418370,32458429,Posted: 15 June,all,Dysentery Green,The only thing wrong with this game is its so short. Other than that its great and I hope to see more!
76561198326242924,Recommended,418370,32459969,Posted: 15 June,all,mirrorworldman,"great fear factor and atmosphere,"
76561198208733279,Recommended,418370,31197682,Posted: 17 April,all,murphdog83,definitly worth 40£ i recommend for the resident evil fans out there
76561198377322992,Recommended,418370,32486336,Posted: 16 June,all,SS.Shady,"simply put, amazing game..."
,Recommended,418370,32479938,Posted: 16 June,all,MMA guy,"Why divorce from what made previous RE titles great? I just don't like the idea of hitting your fans so hard with completely random change in game. Don't name it RE at least. Otherwise, it was good as a horror game with lots of scares. ♥♥♥♥ though, i was expecting a ♥♥♥♥ing First person shooter game where I got to decimate half of Raccoon city's adjacent cousin, Baboon city's virus-plagued population with a submachine gun and then find a cure for it all, become rich, and live as a happy legend in the history books. Alright perhaps I wasn't so realistic. I guess Resident Evil is a fitting for this game since there are evil people living in the residence. I am completely flabbergasted though, why I thought this game didn't have enough action. I love the scarcity thing going on because it scales well with the plot but I really wish there was a way to crank up the fireworks somehow because there simply wasn't enough action going on. Otherwise, this game was a utopia, comprised of heterogeneous elements of horror and FPS blending into a very potent formula for an intimidatingly good game. The scary moments are incredible, the characters are well developed, the in-depth focus on items and their interactions with the player is a semaphore of a game well crafted. I, coming from a background of CSGO, COD, and Battlefield games, had this presumption stirring in my mind that Resident Evil will imitate its Hollywood adaptations and follow suit, creating a partisan environment for the player and providing them with an influx of weapons throughout their progession in the game. Boy was I wrong. This might have influenced my initial negative reception of the game and lots of people here just want to give me thumbs down for this. Great game anyway."
,Recommended,418370,32798388,Posted: 25 June,all,Emo Spider Boy,Better then I imagined
,Recommended,418370,30311473,Posted: 4 March,all,Jeremz,I think this might have actually been better than Resident Evil 4... Fantastic game.
,Not Recommended,418370,30132245,Posted: 23 February,all,Unforseen Liquid Emission,10/10  best spoop-pewdiepie
,Recommended,418370,31290022,Posted: 21 April,all,EvilTigz,"This game wins the ""Be scared in your pants"" simulation award, what is really awesome about this game is they also includded ""Be scared out of your pants"", ""Be scared in/out of your knickers"" and the excellent DLC ""Be scared while wearing a bunny suit and choking on a chicken sandwich"" content as well.  A+ game unless you prefer gardening."
,Recommended,418370,31245562,Posted: 19 April,all,daniel,I beat this game in 6 hours. Probably worthwhile in VR. Kinda lackluster without.
76561198338743405,Recommended,418370,31385312,Posted: 26 April,all,FadedSeven,One of the best RESIDENT EVIL/ Biohazard games I've played for sure 10/10
,Recommended,418370,33157392,Posted: 2 July,all,XX1VFIGHT tradeskinsfast.com,"Phenomenal game, especially when you hook it up to the 4k television and realise how good it looks until it crashes because your pc is bad."
76561198337620892,Recommended,418370,33175735,Posted: 3 July,all,betty la fea,"hey steam why cant i play this something will pop up if i play it and if i click x that thing would disappear abd the re7 too it says appilication exit please please please please please please need your help guys.-sincerly betty la fea,"
,Recommended,418370,33157663,Posted: 2 July,all,Moholty,"Time taken to complete: 7hrs 30mins (Easy mode)Number of deaths through whole compaign: 3Being a traditional RES fan, like many others I was not so sure on RES7. Unlike the traditional games of the franchise, RES7 is a first person shooter instead of third person. This unsettled many hardcore RES fans like myself as it is a different approach to the franchise. However, after completing the game for my first time, I can confidently say that I do not regret purchasing this game. RES7 surpassed my expectations and I will definitely be replaying the story again and again.PROS:-Great graphics-Emissive story-Replayability (Alternate endings, collectibles and extras)-60fps-First person enhances gameplay and is fear-inducing during combat-Puzzles returnCONS:-High system requirements-Field of view can be annoying on times-*Insert CON if you can find another*Overall Rating - 9.5/10.Welcome to the family, son."
,Recommended,418370,33218311,Posted: 3 July,all,Zekotay,"Awesome game. Great atmosphere, great characters and pretty damn long too!"
,Recommended,418370,33324924,Posted: 6 July,all,Tschisi,Meh !
76561198001198139,Recommended,418370,29512354,Posted: 26 January,all,Legend,This game is abolutely fantastic. I highly recommend it to anyone who played and enjoyed the original Resident Evil game for Playstation... And anyone else who wants to see what a real survival horror game is all about!
,Recommended,418370,33332799,Posted: 6 July,all,GoldenZero,"Ow man,this game is very creepy because the face and they wanted to chase me!! So Coooollll"
,Recommended,418370,33365014,Posted: 7 July,all,NoTalesToTell,So much classic RE yet not at the same time.  This is one of the best RE games to date and a must play for all RE fans.Highly Recommended!
76561197980910801,Recommended,418370,33363471,Posted: 7 July,all,Haute DIO,"You gotta hand it to Capcom, at least when it comes to Resident Evil. This is the second time that the series has been on the brink of death. Right when you think it's over, you feel teeth sink into your ankle as it pulls you down for more. A cursory glance might give the impression that it's an Amnesia or Outlast knock off, but there's so much more in RE7 that the comparison seems forced. The combat is focused on resource management and spacing. The antagonists are hideous and remarkably unique- you simply haven't seen bad guys like the Baker family. The story is threadbare at first (gotta find muh wife) but by the end I wanted to pour over all of the documents I found again. Even the black goop monsters (which have been in vogue for the past 10 years in the most random games) have had some serious work put in their design and animations. And the setting! The swamps of Louisiana are an absolutely perfect location for a dilapidated old house. Which is good because you're going to be spending a lot of time exploring said house. Combat, resource management, exploration, and story? Sounds like a good ol' fashioned Resident Evil to me- do ignore the smell though."
76561198048996180,Recommended,418370,33225413,Posted: 4 July,all,ckkchau,"The game is good, much different approach than first 6, through I only play 1, 3, 5.... I did not play on VR. In terms of scary, the early hours is very dreadful, but after getting out of the Main House, it was ok.I wish the game is longer like Rise of tomb raider, but overall I really like the game"
,Recommended,418370,33383838,Posted: 8 July,all,laaurennnnx,"I haven't played any of the other resident evil games in full so although I cannot compare it to the other entries in the series I'd definitely reccomend the game for anyone who enjoys horrors.The game doesn't rely too heavily on combat and jump scares which allows it to be thouroughly enjoyable without being predictable. The storyline was easy to follow but not overly simplistic and although the game itself was short I feel this was due to the storyline not being overly stretched out.My first playthrough I focused on the main storyline, however I look forward to playing it again on a higher difficulty, getting more achievements and items and just playing the game in more detail."
76561198036242559,Recommended,418370,33455863,Posted: 11 July,all,Bobfish,"After the long years of console-shooter-tosh capcom have fed us, this game returns to what resident evil should be. They have finally woken up to first person view and it returns the terror to that of the early fixed camera of the original. Whilst immersive, capcom still can't quite drop their console moronics such as a big floating crosshair on the screen. The lack of iron sights annoyed me, but if you turn the hud off completly, the off-centre aiming adds to the panicked, screaming like a girl, terror. The madhouse setting with new enemy placement adds to the replay factor, rather than the usual ng plus pointlessness.A massive step in the right direction, which for resident evil is back towards it roots."
,Recommended,418370,33473268,Posted: 11 July,all,bmac2021,Scary as hell. Many of undwear ruined.
76561198293324932,Recommended,418370,31648215,Posted: 9 May,all,Steen,Awesome Game
76561198141140869,Recommended,418370,31633332,Posted: 8 May,all,Bearchan,"I enjoyed the game, the ending was unfortnately not great, but overall worth it. very good game."
76561198177901389,Recommended,418370,29911582,Posted: 13 February,all,oh worm?,after watching every single youtube video and then spending the 60 dollars i dont have for a few hours of enjoyment away from my lonely depressive life.....yes
,Recommended,418370,32335028,Posted: 10 June,all,Stiildus,"I'll be honest, this is the first horror game I have completed. But even so, this game is amazing and one of the best First Person Shooters I have played.I got this game after I decided to try the demo and enjoyed it greatly. Before considering getting this, I highly recommend you try out the demo. But onwards:Pros:+Visuals are disturbing and creepy+Little cheap scare tactics or jumpscares, instead relying on creepy visuals and gameplay+Great antagonists, especially the Baker family, who will be hunting you down throughout the game. Jack Baker is especially good, managing to be Scary, Insane, Hilarious, and sympathetic by the end. Easily on par with other great villains like Vaas, each part you go against him is intense and easily the best parts of the game.+ Gameplay is challenging and fun with great progression. You start out with zero weapons, relying on stealth or running like a madman. But later, you get a knife and some guns which you can use to keep the Bakers off your back and deal with the Molded (which I will talk about later). This also goes along with the fact that as enemies will get more dangerous, you will too, making unfair difficulty spikes  non-existant. The game also somehow manages to make backtracking rewarding, to the point where I actually wanted to go back and look for what I might have missed.+ Most boss battles are amazing, making you think outside the box to win, and is not afraid to not take things seriously.+ the game actually has a good, fully explained story which keeps you engaged and interested.+ Their is a firm division in the difficulty levels, I have found this out by playing a game of all (exept I have not uflly completed madhouse). Easy: did not die once. Normal: good balance between challenge and fun. Madhouse: Highly self-explanatory.+ Decent replay value with rewarding collectibles and unlockables.Cons:-The Molded are easily the worst part of the game. They are sludgy, zombie-like creatures. They start out creepy, but then they become annoying to fight as you realize how poorly programmed the AI for them is. THEY CAN'T EVEN OPEN OR BREAK DOWN DOORS! This also leads to very little diversity in enemies, as when you are not fighting the Bakers, these are almost always what you will face.- The game has a good story, but it has several cliches. Crazy Hillbilly Murderers? Check. Creepy little girl? Check. ""Redshirts'? Check.- The last third of the game is easily the worst section. You will be fighting a lot of molded and their is an exposition dump near the end of the game which gets pretty annoying.- I have to say this since no one else seems too, but the final boss is GOD AWFUL. It requires almost no strategy, or thinking, its not very interesting, feels very out of place, highly scripted, and is basically just a bullet sponge, in heavy contrast to the rest of the bosses.- If you remain undetected, you can tell the Bakers have a 'somewhat' pre-set AI path. This can make them predictable if you remain cautious enough.Despite its cons, RE 7 is one of the funnest games I have played in a while, and I highly recommend you to get it. There is also free DLC that will come out at some point in the future, which few games (much less ones by big companies) bother doing, I might make a review for that when it comes out,"
,Recommended,418370,34729320,Posted: 4 September,all,Deathtrix,"I recommend this game, but not without the season pass, and not if the combined total of a Season pass + Game purchase is above 50$.This game clearly tries to return to its roots with the slower paced resource management of the originals. Unlike the previous games IV-VI which turned enemies into ammo pinatas. IV-VI also prefered more wacky insaine bioweapon bosses that made us feel overwhelmed. VII finds a good mid ground in this respect.The enemies continue to move away from the ""Zombie"" basis the series was built on and continue to play the bioweapon card. But at the same time they keep a very nemesis feel by adding enemies that you would much rather avoid unless you prefer to take them on directly. But there are compulsary bosses.With the game now fully in First person mode the survival horror experience is more intensive, and by keeping the protagonists face hidden they try to make you place yourself in that role.The game is very short, the additional content will expand the games universe, but is also very limited in what you can do with it. Hence why I recommend this game only be purchased under 50 dollar with the Season pass."
,Recommended,418370,29753678,Posted: 6 February,all,Medenutcracka,"This is my first RE game so I can't say whether or not it is a good RE game, but as an avid horror fan I can easily say that it is fanstastic in that category. Did you play Outlast and wish you could just fire some lead into Chris Walker? Play RE7, the game is awesome."
76561198217832733,Recommended,418370,34788329,Posted: 6 September,all,Kaneki 金木,Got chased by the entire Baker Family because i didn't like their food.Great Game! 10/10
,Recommended,418370,34765934,Posted: 5 September,all,johnpinky7,"What can I say, Resident Evil was literally saved by this game.  The switch to FPS was a great idea and it brings Resident Evil as a whole back to horror.  Even though there are P.T. vibes out the ying-yang, there is still the Japanese Resident Evil charm we all know and love.  I played it with my SO watching and it was a blast, she witnessed me jump and shake more than a few times!Pros:-The game runs and looks great-Creepy atmosphere-Looting, item management, and crafting-Boss fights were extremely intense due to the constricted rooms-The music and sound design suits the setting well-The character design is stripped straight out of a horror movie, they captured the hillbilly vibe wellCons:-Story, I guessed the twist long before it was revealed-Not much of a con for the main game, but the DLC lacked the story I was hoping for and instead packed extra game modes-Length, only because the last half of the game was linear and flew by so quick, I want more locations to explore!I would definitely reccommend you play this if you like horror games.  It was a supurb ride that I wish I can forget and play it through again."
,Not Recommended,418370,29522932,Posted: 27 January,all,Yuuki Rito,welp don't buy this game just wait they release gold edition it will include Zoe dlc.people who bought deluxe edition like me will have to pay for that dlc because it's not in season passso♥♥♥♥♥you crapcom
,Recommended,418370,34798087,Posted: 7 September,all,Scrambles,"it says i only have 2.? hours of playing this but im pretty much only in offline mode so all my times are offits at forth at least one playthru. it feels more like resident evil 2. i dig the first person but theres really only one enemy type (♥♥♥♥ing molded) and few bosses. but still worth playing thru maybe a good 2 times to get everything, maybe wait for sale price."
76561198111949596,Recommended,418370,34809251,Posted: 7 September,all,EnricoMezza1981,Yeah alright
76561198050454310,Recommended,418370,34855177,Posted: 10 September,all,l3gionofone,Was one of the better survival horror games ive played lately.
76561198097414596,Recommended,418370,34874556,Posted: 10 September,all,D.A.D.,"TLDR: Whether or not you're a fan of Resident Evil or not, you WILL enjoy this game. Solid gameplay, well optimized yet graphically impressive, good level design and easy flowing progression.Story: The first part of the game doesn't quite feel like a Resident Evil game, despite traditional formula of scarce ammo and healing items. It feels like a spiritual successor to P.T. in many ways, including level design. After getting further in the story you eventually feel the Resident Evil formula of puzzles and combat begin to set in, which still doesn't feel overdone. The references and easter eggs found throughout the story serve as a clever connector to the main series. The main character is a little unlikeable for a few reasons. He seems underwhelmed by the supernatual horrors unfolding before him. At one scene in the game literally seeing a glimpse of a severly deformed humanoid creature and responding with all the enthusiasm of ""oh, neat."" However the nitpicks with the main character don't take anything away from the overall experience.Graphics: Despite this game being very well optimized and running at a very consistant framerate, it is VERY graphically impressive. Playing on max settings results in incredible lighting and shadow effects that in some scenes are nearly photorealistic. Throughout the entire game, despite being chased through some of it, I found myself stopping to appreciate the very well placed partical effects and crisp textures. Playing this on ultra with a mobile gtx 1070 resulted in a consistant 120 frames per second. Attempting Medium settings on a gtx 870m resulted in a very smooth experience as well. WIth a few tweaks this game may even run on a machine that doesn't quite meet the minimum specs.Gameplay: The gunplay in game wont blow you away by any means, but certainly won't hinder your experience. Despite the ammunition scarcity typical of a RE game, your patience and aim will make sure your bullets hit home and never leave you without ammo for too long. Encounters never feel unfairly difficult, despite some being a tiny bit frustrating. The puzzles are fairly challenging but giving every environment a modest search will result in several clues to help should you get stuck on a puzzle. I found only one or two times I had to use a guide for solutions that turned out to simply be something I overlooked due to impatience.Conclusion: If you just like horror games, this is a solid title in the horror genre. If you enjoy the Resident Evil series, this one will be no exception. All in all this game is a good example of a well executed AAA game. Even if you buy at the AAA price, this game will be a good purchase."
,Recommended,418370,33578418,Posted: 15 July,all,Cankles,"Really well done, scary enough for me to♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants."
,Recommended,418370,29464078,Posted: 24 January,all,M A T T,"""Welcome to the Family, SON""Ever wanted to have an undying and scary af hillbilly cannibal zombie family chasing your♥♥♥♥♥while trying to solve all the puzzles and avoid ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ your pants in the process? Or experience survival horror in first person while trying to micromanage and search for supplies in the face of daunting enemies?Then RE7 is for you.Resident Evil is finally back.HEY BRO -> Most effective laundry detergent for cleaning out all the gunk, blood and sweat that your clothes are bound to pick up from this adventure."
76561198135448534,Recommended,418370,29710500,Posted: 4 February,all,Omegawuss,"I totally adore this game. It is very fun and scary, and it is paced very very well. 15/10 would see grandma underneath the porch again :)"
,Recommended,418370,34938897,Posted: 13 September,all,Excited Cock,"Where do I start? I bought this game twice, once on PS4 and again on PC. The textures and graphics are stunning and the game runs great on my outdated rig (Radeon R9 280) and has no trouble hitting high frames on all settings. I only get stuttering on very high texture settings so I sit around medium-high and it still looks incredible.The sound design has to be some of the best in a game I've seen, random noises and bangs will echo through the house and make you wonder what caused that. The AI is also fairly intelligent, able to appear at times you least expect it and offer intense chases in early game areas.What are you waiting for? If you have the cash and love survival horror with action elements this is the game for you. My words can't trully explain how good this game is. I would also recommend waiting for the gold edition due around December 12, I'm expecting it to cost around $60 with the base game and all DLC's."
,Recommended,418370,34955110,Posted: 14 September,all,NogNogScottishBear,"I've been playing horror games all my life, and this game was the first in a decade that made me pause and take deep breaths. Soundtrack, graphics, storyline. VERY impressed. Highly recommend this; RE goes back to its roots of horror and little ammo rather than run-n-gun, and they did it beautifully. Finished minutes ago, unlocked the tough difficulty and am about to start again."
76561198139727008,Recommended,418370,34968245,Posted: 15 September,all,Joxian,"It was awesome!!I missed this in the previous three games by resident evil where there is a tragedy in the story and horror, thrilling OMG it was just perfect game"
,Not Recommended,418370,30038526,Posted: 19 February,all,CheZ,Many will say that this game is Resident Evil return to form. I just don't see it. No matter how many times I step away and then come back to this game.
76561198153170735,Recommended,418370,34921507,Posted: 13 September,all,Werns7337,Really scary!!!!
,Recommended,418370,34964756,Posted: 14 September,all,parkerstark,Literally bought this crazy expensive game so that i could play 21 and i have zero regrets *thumbs up*
76561198382192452,Recommended,418370,34211515,Posted: 13 August,all,3208435822,特别推荐疯人院难度
,Recommended,418370,29477030,Posted: 24 January,all,caffeine.tv/citflux ??,This game scared the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me so badly I decided I needed to go to the restroom to clean it up. But when I got to the restroom there was somebody in there who wanted to kill me so now there is♥♥♥♥♥♥all over the place. Basically sums up my gameplay thus far.
,Recommended,418370,29481249,Posted: 25 January,all,Diamond,Best Resident Evil game in all the series
76561198186232653,Recommended,418370,34409038,Posted: 21 August,all,GoldenGummi,"This game has made me believe in the Resident Evil franchise again. After the alright, but fun RE5 and the terrible RE6 I was really hoping Capcom would get this right, and they have! What a blast to play! Scary af! Good old Resident Evil is back!"
76561198411589701,Recommended,418370,34409368,Posted: 21 August,all,Pope Maddogg,"The combination of a first person perspective, an atmosphere that reminds me of ""The Hills Have Eyes"" and a mystery that keeps driving one forward equals Resident Evil 7.  Some points in this game even do something very hard for a game to do: actually scare me a little.  Good job!  Welcome back, Survival Horror!"
76561198020186519,Recommended,418370,34409810,Posted: 21 August,all,Fallout Boy,"Well what can I say? OMG! The twists and how it ends is truely amazing. Suspect the unexpected thats how I would put it. I have to say I cant wait for number 8. If it's anything like 7 then damm I'm in.I mean this game had me sitting on the edge of my chair and scared the ♥♥♥♥ outta many, many times. Well what I mean is I played this game in the dark with headphones and holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ You have to play this game OMG!Graphics: 10/10Wow man so realistic. I have not to my knowledge seen graphics this awesome. The rusted steel, water on steel concrete, the blood and manu other odjects you can see. Fx well spot on so bloody scary all the time.Sound: 10/10The voice acting was superb, the sound affects wow, like talk about♥♥♥♥♥♥myself :) They event sounds were spot on.Layout: 9/10The level(s) design was excellent. However the mine level was to short.Game Play: 8/10Wow killing things in this game can be sometimes difficult as it sorta hit and miss. I had to watch a couple of You-tube vids. Weapons are ok but some of the textures on them were not the best.Look without spoiling the game you have to get this. I got to the point where I had to stop playing it was scaring the ♥♥♥♥ outta me. (But I dont wanna go around that corner cant you hear it?).It is bloody obvious that they spent alottaaaa..... money on the development of this game .I mean you can see it in the quality of the Graphics and Sounds. The story was so compleling so well thought out, I just wanted more and more then.....the end."
,Recommended,418370,34405041,Posted: 21 August,all,Quett,"For a self-identified coward like me, this game has just the right amount of horror to be scary without it becoming unplayable.Despite moving to first person, the series still has the old mainstays of item-rationing and puzzle solving, though the puzzles are few and pretty easy.Has collectables, hidden upgrades and post-game unlocks.Could use a little more aesthetic variety with the regular enemies."
,Recommended,418370,34402833,Posted: 21 August,all,Spaceghost,It's like eating a Birthday Cake...with mutants.
,Recommended,418370,29529110,Posted: 27 January,all,viskup,New Condemned game  zombie virus
76561198077893706,Recommended,418370,34051536,Posted: 5 August,all,Axe_Hax,"Great game. Brings the RE franchise back to horror, I enjoyed every second of the 10 hrs it took me to finish the game."
76561198018759539,Recommended,418370,33977057,Posted: 2 August,all,TheAbominableDan,"Resident Evil 4 was the last game in the series I'd played. The shift towards action gameplay and diving face first into the conspiracy nonsense story drove me far away from the Resident Evil series for a long time. But I really liked this game.It's scary. Maybe it relies a little heavily on jump scares, but they're almost always followed by a mad scramble for your life. The environments are grimey and gross in a way that makes me really uncomfortable. And putting it in first person made sure I was always on edge.It does slide back to being more action oriented in the last third of the game. But by then it had already made me a fan. I had a lot of fun playing this game."
76561198200606583,Recommended,418370,33974628,Posted: 2 August,all,dorgedrogt,"The music fits in really well the atmosphere and story are really good but it is not really scary anymore after the first hour. But it is at least al little creepy, I mean 5 and 6 were stylized at most. The game has a good amount of content (especially weapons) and is replayable enough for a second play-trough. Everything combined a good return to the roots of resident evil and a premise for more in the future."
,Recommended,418370,33874355,Posted: 28 July,all,Scythe,"Graphics and sound design are really quite good and I find the game to be pretty well optimized.Probably the first time a Resident Evil game has had interesting characters.Short, and replay value is diminished by the biggest flaw which is all of the unskippable ingame cutscenes.  Enemy variety is low.Enjoyed it more than Outlast/Layers of Fear/Amnesia:TDD/SOMA (the most obvious comparisons).  Very horror focused; a large departure from RE 4-6 or something like Dead Space."
76561198325076576,Recommended,418370,34489982,Posted: 25 August,all,xCrayxZx,"I loved this game! I gotta say, everything about this game was perfect! No glitches! No lags, just an amazing game it's slef. Great work guys!"
76561198046830363,Recommended,418370,34475643,Posted: 25 August,all,Dman455,Resident Evil 7 is the breath of fresh air the series needed for 10 years if you're iffy on the game but are a fan of the series i recommend this game personally i was'nt impressed with what i seen of the game till i tried it and it was enjoyable it has the classic feel of resident evil games of old with a new perspective i give this game a PlayIt if you don't like what you played that understandable
,Recommended,418370,34483871,Posted: 25 August,all,ReligionFlag,"New resident evil gaming experience, loved it, ending was a bit disappointing but overall gaming is awesome!"
76561198034740265,Recommended,418370,34484710,Posted: 25 August,all,Bizarro lexilogo,"Is it perfect? No, not at all. Weapons like the Burner suck, the game itself is relatively short, and the final parts of the game starting from the ship have a noticeable drop in quality compared to the first section of the game.However, is it a bad game? No. It's closer to the original spirit of Resident Evil than Resi 4 was, it being standalone is an amazing saving grace (seriously after the garbage crossoverfest that was 6 I think we needed to get away from the rest of the Resi universe for at least one game.), the game itself feels great and it has a LOT of replay value as is to be expected from a Resident Evil game- You can get at least 3 playthroughs out of it.Don't buy if you're looking for a dollar to hour ratio (I mean, you shouldn't buy horror games period if you want a dollar to hour ratio, they're a genre that inherently benefits from being short and sweet), but do buy if you want a decent, but not necessarily classic, Resident Evil game. Here's hoping the free DLC is good, and that the best influence this game had is on Capcom's business philosophy, though looking at sales compared to Resi 6, prospects of Resident Evil returning to actual decent games as opposed to blockbuster Michael Bay-esque garbage seems bleak. At the least, we can enjoy it while it lasts."
76561198289284819,Recommended,418370,34457539,Posted: 24 August,all,Boba Smrad,RE 7 is one of the best games I have ever played.It made me scream so many times. Atmosphere is great and terrifying as well as the characters( Jack Baker specifically).Absolute buy for all horror fans10/10
76561198032775734,Recommended,418370,34520765,Posted: 26 August,all,Iamsodagood,If you find this onsale one day and are thinking to buy do it. I dont see how you could be disappointed. Amazing game to say the least. 10/10
,Recommended,418370,34541877,Posted: 27 August,all,Blueberrywaffle,"Probably the most immersive RE yet. I really like the approach they took with this game. It looks spectacular and the attention to detail is great. The story doesn't feel like a classic RE title, more along the lines of Texas Chainsaw Massacre or The People Under The Stairs with some paranormal elements thrown in. This isn't a bad thing but if you are expecting a lot of references to Umbrella or previous RE events/characters, you might be disappointed. However, if you're looking for a decent horror game this is a good pick."
,Recommended,418370,34492231,Posted: 25 August,all,QuantumSauce,Great game! too short! is it too much to ask for at least 40 hours of gameplay without dlc charges and having to replay it??
,Recommended,418370,34552072,Posted: 28 August,all,BraveMessiah,"I made it past my first playthrough and to summarize the whole experience; it was a good, thrilling experience with some scares that made the hair on my arms rise. The story itself kept the game intriguing and that's what made the game very interesting at the same time which kept me playing it through until the end of the game and wanting me to continue for another round in it's next difficulty level.9.1/10 - I rate this game, based not only on it's graphical level, but also the content of its story and how the game kept the 'feeling' of what it means to survive while playing and how much the developers put in their efforts to create this game. Should they make a sequel or another game that resembles RE7, sign me up!"
76561198141643674,Recommended,418370,34463645,Posted: 24 August,all,Kokusho,RE7 is a great fp-horror game. It's blast from the past.4/5
,Recommended,418370,29475312,Posted: 24 January,all,Justin J (PuNk),"like the old skool resident evil 1, meets resident evil 3, meets relelations 1, meets new skool resident evil.I was skeptical at first, thinking this game was another ""amnesia"" style game, which i don't care for. NO, this game is not much like amnesia at all. in fact this game really does have the feel of the old resident evil games to it. this door seems to be locked, go find the key, that cabinet is bolted shut, find bolt cutters, need to use this, go find that.like resident evil 1 you are in a mansion/house and the atmosphere is amazingly creepy and fits perfectly. there are puzzles. limited ammo. safe rooms. item boxes are back!like resident evil 3, there is enhanced extra ammo, gun powder, etc. there are enemies that stalk you very similar to nemesisthere are enemies that remind me highly of the enemies from revelations 1like new skool resident evil this has great graphics and real time inventory, the inventory does not pause the game. while you are in inventory you can be attacked and killed.SUMMERYgreat atmosphere, with limited ammo, enemies that stalk you, safe rooms with item boxes and saving, great graphics, weird enemies, special ammo. all the best features from previous games brought together perfectly to make this amazing piece of work.PROS:amazing graphicsnot another ""amnesia"" style gameweaponsgunslimited ammocreepy/scary as hellfeels like resident evil stillpuzzleschallengingitem boxesgun power is backenhanced extra ammo is backgreen herb is backenemies similar to nemesis from re3 (stalking)CONS:way to many boss fights.i need more than my gtx 980 to max it out all the way :(8/10"
,Recommended,418370,34555134,Posted: 28 August,all,Bill Clinton the Rapist,"I was hesitant since a lot of people say the game is short. I have no regrets after playing it. It took me a little under 9 hours, but it felt great the whole way through. It is a little shorter, but it also doesn't have any ""grindy"" areas so the whole experience is fun. Make sure your resolution is set to scale at 100% or it will look like crap. Mine was at 80% on default and the game looked like a turd. Once that was fixed it was an amazing game"
,Recommended,418370,34540986,Posted: 27 August,all,unJerme,nice game
76561197985870592,Recommended,418370,34544607,Posted: 27 August,all,ebecraft,"Not sure how this flew under my radar, but hey, at least I got it 50% off.First off, this is a great game, 9/10, I highly recommend it.Sadly, it went from A+++ to B+ about 2/3 of the way through and turned into a typical Japanese style/residental evil plot horror game. Not saying that is a necessarily a bad thing, but man, the first 2/3 of the game blew my mind."
,Recommended,418370,34528426,Posted: 27 August,all,chaoticflint,i beat this game 18 times in 4 days plz buy it
76561198040197865,Recommended,418370,34547711,Posted: 28 August,all,thebaconson,"Now, before we get started I am usually pretty harsh on games and RE7 will be no exception, so lets cut to the chase.The first thing I noticed was it crashed and crashed and took me a while to figure it out, but got it solved in the end. So if you do have issues, there are ways to fix it, though it is never a good start.To be honest it's good but it's not that good, graphics for this day and age are pretty average but it takes a lot of grunt to run it, the coolings fans on my graphics card have been working overtime while playing this game which it's not common for them to run constantly. It does leave me wondering why? It's not the graphics are bad they're just not spectacular not what I was expecting for a AAA game now days, I mean what is with their hair? I have seen better, more relaistic hair in PS2 games.The game play does run smoothly though, it's your average trudging slowly around style, but it flows well, no stutter, even going from a slow walk right into quickly drawing your weapon and gunning down enimies then back to walking it all works really well.Sound effects escpecially early on are great with random squeaking floor boards and closing doors, does build some good atmosphere, unfortunately that doesn't last, the effects do, well the sound effects do, the effect they have on you don't as it eventually becomes background noise and you realise enemies have their own background noise, so no need to worry about squeaking floor boards.Now to the game itself.Story is.. thin... very thin, there's not much happening, which is good and bad a straight forward plot is often much better than a thick convoluted plot with ridiculous twists, but there wasn't enough to keep me wondering and engaged, audio dialog, though well spoken is pretty light on content as well.But it's RE what about the scares you might ask?Well it starts off good, few decent jump scares here and there and while it is atmospheric, it just didn't suck me in. I almost played it casually a few hours here and there, not something that I was glued to in the zone. The sound effects like I mention earlier probably played apart as does getting further into the game the enemies rather than changing types or getting stronger just become more abundant, so you start to expect them around every corner. Out of actual types of enemies there seems to be just the 4 main ones, besides bosses and weird one offs for one zone. So they get very easy to learn.Overall I rate it 6/10Average, more like a well polish indie title than something I'd expect from a major publishers flagship product."
,Recommended,418370,34555744,Posted: 28 August,all,LopeyKneeGrow,"I absolutely LOVE this game. This is BY FAR the best Resident Evil game since Re4. I feel like it did the same thing Re4 did for the series in its own unique way. While Re4 felt like it had more of an emphasis on action, Re7 feels like it relys more on the survival. Every shot counts, head shots are vital, yet tricky to pull off because of erratic enemy behaviors. The game world itself feels so organic and everything opens into one another. Creating this living breathing gameworld thats littered with detail around every corner. The Bakers are interesting characters, and the First Person makes for a much more immersive feeling as a whole. I highly recommend this to anyone who loves the series and hated the last 2 games."
76561198253368153,Recommended,418370,34576047,Posted: 29 August,all,bstickles33,Its a good survival horror game and a first fps in resident evil! I recomend GREATLY
76561197970617377,Recommended,418370,34720237,Posted: 3 September,all,Ice,"Yes, I love this game :)its not like RE1-2, but its a new way of the RE world, witch I like.But it could have been longer game play.. I have done some under 3h gameplays, and its not so hard to do that, sadly."
,Recommended,418370,34706306,Posted: 3 September,all,grovesy22,what a great game always a fan of the series nice to see a return to the roots of evil
,Recommended,418370,34672653,Posted: 1 September,all,crapor,Possibly the best RE ever made. I hope they make more like this! 5 and 6 were enjoyable but not the same.
,Recommended,418370,34645181,Posted: 31 August,all,Eggerd,Amazing game with absolutely brilliant atmosphere! Just go and play it! Even if you never played a Resident Evil game before - it doesn't make a difference! Play it..
,Recommended,418370,35093702,Posted: 20 September,all,Protomessiah,A return to the roots of the series with true survival horror with a fresh first person perspective. Pace lags in the middle and the ending is a little disappointing but one of 2017's finest. 8/10
76561198372850294,Recommended,418370,35247691,Posted: 27 September,all,conormcgregor709,"Love this game, even though it scares the heck out of me. xD"
76561198151619940,Recommended,418370,35285324,Posted: 29 September,all,Deadlivin,This game is a breath of fresh air in a franchise that was heading towards a smelly part of town. Good job recognizing it and great job at succeeding. Worth any gamers time. A true horror game with the perfected timing of slow-paced suspense and sudden sprints of terror. There are so many new horror games I feel are pushing the boundaries of the horror genre. This is one of them. (also check out outlast 1 &2)
76561198127821166,Recommended,418370,33179537,Posted: 3 July,all,hyp3d,"One of the best RE and horror experience out there, getting it on sale is worth it."
76561198193165602,Recommended,418370,35305871,Posted: 29 September,all,themonster,"The best survival horror game ive playd in a long time its like the evil within but a lot more horror to it,(not that i didn't like the evil within because it was good too) story is fantastic characters are great too buy it, play it, you wont regret it."
76561198131892163,Recommended,418370,35380880,Posted: 1 October,all,SkelletonBT,Ok this game is good it gives you some scares and stuff and thats what i like in games GJ Devs
