user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,418460,32614648,Posted: 21 June,all,Rumble,"Come on down to Vietnam!We got:-Napalm and flamethrowers-Lots of cool and classic guns-Most guns being able to kill in few shots, this is dependent on the caliber of the weapon you're shooting enemies with, which bodypart you hit and the distance to the target.-Cool boobytraps to kill GI Joe-White Phosphorus grenades to burn out gooks-Pretty trees and landscapes, but don't get distracted by them or you'll get shot like the idiot you are for looking at nature instead of focusing on the battle-Tunnel networks that'll end up being perfect spots for you to ambush unsuspecting GI from-Grenade launchers to get the gooks from behind cover-Mounted machine guns that tear through everything-Helicopters with door machine guns so you can pretend you're that guy from Full Metal Jacket shooting at ""well-disciplined VC""-Other helicopters that have cannons, rockets or grenades with grenade launchers in a turret-Character customization to make sure everyone on the frontline knows you're the cool kid in town-Lots of men screaming in agonizing pain-Ambient noise consisting of gunshots and more screaming-Classic voicelines, like: ""YAAAAAAA!"" and ""SCAUT, REPARHT IN""-Political discussions in the chat about whether communism works or not (it doesn't, trust me on this one)-A playerbase that mostly uses mics and has cohesion/teamwork. This game has one of the best communities for multiplayer, even for newer players. (Personal experience, yours may be different)Only drawback is the lack of maps, which I hope is gonna get fixed soon enough.What's not to love? So pack your bags, say goodbye to your parents and sweetheart and come on down to 'Nam for some fightin' and fun! Just remember that the voices in your head won't stop after you come home, no matter how hard you try to drown them with booze."
,Recommended,418460,32067413,Posted: 30 May,all,Kamil!,How do i unlock forrest gump
76561198100037502,Recommended,418460,32169383,Posted: 3 June,all,Clown Funeral,no weapon skins10/10
,Recommended,418460,34678134,Posted: 2 September,all,GC⌁Enka,"I have no idea where these ""This game is broken. The netcode is terrible. The devs are doing nothing"" are coming from. The game runs just fine. The devs are very in tune to what the community is asking for. They continously pump out balancing patches, UI improvements etc. The only explanation I have for the netcode complaints is that sometimes a server shows up as low ping in the list, but when you join turns out to be higher ping. But you'll see every player in this type of server has a higher ping. Another issue might be alot of COD kids seeing a cheap shooter (it's dirt cheap considering how good it is), doing 0 research on what type of game it is and find a wholly different type of shooter they are used to. Just kills won't do it. You have to play the objective. You have to understand the various roles in the game. They actually matter. Not matter how good an entire team is, if your squadleaders aren't informing the commander, or the commander isn't capabable, there is a big chance you're going to lose anyway. Don't mind the trash reviews. Watch some livestreams and youtube vids. Then decide for yourself."
,Recommended,418460,32077919,Posted: 30 May,all,Kabby,"1) buys game, loads up...excited about vietnam2) picks commander because it sounds the coolest3) has no idea what he's doing4) calls in artillery strike & kills hundreds of friendly troops5) gets auto-banned from server10/10 decided to attend Officer training at Westpoint before playing Commander again..."
,Recommended,418460,32183223,Posted: 4 June,all,TheDisableBore,"Brutal and satisfying gunplay, endless amounts of nutheads roleplaying cult classic movie characters from 'Nam cinema, beautiful and well designed maps with tons of ways and roles to achive an objective, rewarding and encouraging teamwork squad-based tactics, fair and square treatment to all players, no DLC, no paywall for unlockables, no season pass, a perfect excuse to blast the speakers to your favorite 60's and 70's song playlists on the browser while in-game, and gives you legitimate PTSD. What's not to love?"
,Recommended,418460,32075792,Posted: 30 May,all,《H3RO》,im here to invest in the bubba gump shrimp corporationand im also here to save Bubba
,Recommended,418460,32680358,Posted: 23 June,all,Felix Mortem,"Rising Storm 2: Vietnam is a worthy successor and a tense, atmospheric FPS game.RS2 has a lot of the same strengths that Red Orchestra II did in my mind. It occupies a really happy medium in the FPS world, sat comfortably between FPSs that are too unstructured and slow (Squad, ARMA) and gimmick-filled ADHD fests like Battlefield. The game is a lot of fun because it feels authentic and is really immersive, but it's also not too boring. The action is constant and the pacing is spot-on.The gunplay is excellent, with weapons feeling hefty and deadly. The map pool certainly isn't the biggest but I like all the maps in the game. The maps are detailed and it definitely pins down the whole Vietnam aesthetic and atmosphere.The issues with the game are the usual Tripwire problems of definitely being a bit rough around the edges, with lots of little bugs. It's far away from the complete disaster that was RO2's launch. Balance wise, the game is pretty good too. I was especially surprised that the helicopters were done really well and aren't overpowered or underpowered. One point of contention is that the voice acting is comedically bad. The Vietnamese announcer sounds ridiculous and the lines just don't have the intensity or delivery that made RO2's voice acting exceptional.All in all, it's a really fun immersive FPS that rewards teamwork, stragetic thinking and patience. Highly recommended."
76561198018651328,Recommended,418460,32111137,Posted: 1 June,all,JabbaTheBlunt,Finds a sever45/64''Clicks join''''Full Sever''Hype is real.
,Recommended,418460,32123011,Posted: 1 June,all,kepler0,If you:- Barge in: you die- Fly a helicopter: you die- Stand at the front lines: you die- Get out of cover: you die- Choose the Vietnamese team: you die- Like this game: you buy
,Recommended,418460,32212729,Posted: 5 June,all,SonsOfLiberty86,"Listened to US players spam Rolling Stones, CCR and Surfin Bird over the mic while Vietnam players were screaming in Vietnamese accents ""Go home G.I.! Take your hamburger home G.I.!""10/10 would fall in punji pits and suffer side effects of Agent Orange again"
,Recommended,418460,32183136,Posted: 4 June,all,AverageTim,They're in the trees man
,Recommended,418460,32157035,Posted: 3 June,all,JOKIN MADNESS,-Call of Duty: for kids-Battlefield: for teens-Red Orchestra: for adults-Arma: for mature roleplayers / real soldiers-Rising Storm 2: for Old grumpy disabled homeless war veterans!
,Recommended,418460,32420146,Posted: 14 June,all,Sierra Actual,"I should rush this bush: deadDid I hear a grenade?: deadBro, I think I hear something: deadWatch out, he's in the trench, I think I hit him!: deadI'll lean and try to hit him: deadLet's crouch walk down the center: deadToo many, let's retreat: dead (shot by allied machine gunner)What if we---?: dead (Shot from 99999 KM away)Let's sit at this bush for a while: shot by teammateThrow a random grenade : 4 kills (3 of them being team-mates)Snipe: dead (Got Machine Gunned)Machinegun: dead (Got Sniped)Serious note: Game is an expensive, buggy and it is unfinished, refunded. Buy Red Orchestra 2 instead if your computer can handle it. RS2:V is not a bad game but not a good one either."
76561198051892869,Recommended,418460,32071855,Posted: 30 May,all,VERY KalmUnist DDoggo NO Burghwa,only buy if you dont mind the smell of napalm in the morning
,Recommended,418460,32141164,Posted: 2 June,all,Battle8111 [8thMB],"Rising Storm 2: Vietnam is the successor to the game/independent expansion of the game Rising Storm for Red Orchestra 2.If you liked those games, you'll like this.To note, this review is mainly for those who have played RO2/RS and are not sure about RS2, as there are many things in this review you will not understand if you have not played RO2/RS.Rising Storm 2: Vietnam combines all the right things RO2/RS did. Massive battles, limited important roles, Commander, Squad Leaders; and then expands upon that.How it expands upon that is improving the RO2 abomination of a Squad system with squads that can be created on the fly with a maximum of six people. Those six members are free to chose their own roles compared to RO2/RS where the roles were confined to specific squads. Also on top of that is an improved VOIP system that allows you to talk to your fellow squad members (without the enemy hearing it) to coordinate without having to talk in Team VOIP, so essentially Squad VOIP is the only chat that is needed to be used by Squad Members, while the Squad Leaders just use Team chat to talk with the commander (depending on how you run your server, clan, or etc.) in theory.The other big change is how one spawns on a squad leader. For the US side, its spawning on the squad leader like in RO2/RS, but not only can you do that, you can spawn on a transport helicopter and be dropped behind enemy lines! This allows more in-depth strategies that the Commander can do on top of calling in artillery, recon, etc. The era really makes it more deep then what RO2/RS. Not only are there Transport helis (UH-1 Huey), there are also Scout (OH-6 Cayuse/Loach - mainly called loach in-game) and Combat helicopters (AH-1 Cobra). These provide a great amount of firepower to the US that if used right can shape a game dramatically.For North Vietnam, they don't spawn on the squad leader, so they have to set up a tunnel which the squad and squad leader spawn from. The squad leader builds it with a pickaxe and is constructed about 30+ meters away from a objective and around 5+ meters away from other tunnels. It's a quite effective thing to use and the squad leader can focus more on the battle and fighting (can die more) then acting as a mobile spawn point compared to the US squad leader.Fighting has changed a lot in my opinion; everyone and their mother now has an Automatic weapon! There are some semi-auto weapons like the SKS, M14. Also the bolt-action Mosin from RO2/RS makes a return, but automatic weapons really change the dynamic compared to RO2/RS. The primary dynamic change is that the battlefield is not really a “front line” anymore like it was in RO2/RS, as both the map style and automatic weapons have caused a direct effect on the battle (That being Vietnam). There is a lot more flanking, maneuvering, ambushing and etc. It makes it a lot more fun than RO2/RS, but at the same time it can become a bit harder for those who are used to that older play style. Overall, I think it's an improvement and fits the era well.Pros and Cons below:Pros+Good feeling and fun automatic weapons+Historically accurate weapons+Role balance (good set number of roles from map-to-map)+Squad System+Squad VOIP+Controls+Removal of weapon upgrading/improvement+Cosmetics for your character (for those who like that)+Good Graphical options (though supersampling is missing, have to do it through nvidia control panel)+Good Game options (Manual bolting, advance flight module for helicopters, icons view distance, tips, etc.)+Good load times+Strong teamplay (if you are in a good squad)+Supremacy (A new gamemode where you have to control locations that give you ""points"", using points as I don't know how else to describe it, in a tug-of-war until you have more points than them or they run out of tickets. If you connect your main base to theirs, it starts to give you a bunch of ""points"" until you win! It's a constant battle for those positions and is quite fun compared to all territories on RO2/RS)Cons-Hard / annoying dedicated server setup (For those clans or communities out there)-Broken features on launch for dedicated server (Reserved slots don’t work, so have to kick people manually for my clan members)-Memory leak on high-end hardware (happening for me and many others)-Hit registration (can be bad especially in those moments you fire, you know you shoulda hit them but you die as you fire the weapon)-Only 5 large supremacy/territories maps, 3 small skirmish maps (though more will be released within the next year, Q3, Q4 and into 2018)Important NoteThe developers for this game are downright dedicated to improving it and listening to feedback. They are almost always on their discord helping with bugs, telling us if they are working on them, and interacting with the community. They just simply enjoy helping make the community better. I met them at PAX South and really liked their game, they answered all my questions and (also been hyped for it for a while and wasn’t disappointed) told them about the community I run and got a lot of Beta-wave keys for members and friends. They are a overall great development team and have a very strong community-center focus that helps improve the outlook of the game.Overall, I recommend this game to anyone who likes semi-realism FPSs and though I have some issues with the game, they will eventually be resolved (And that memory leak issue wasn’t a thing for me in the beta-waves strange enough) and wants a change from other FPS's or was getting bored of RO2/RS. I hope this helps and see you in the Jungle!EDIT:To clarify, the recent patch fixed the Memory leak issue and many other numerous bugs as seenhere.Even before that I figured out a way to stop the memory leak issue if anyone is interested on how I fixed it, I used this post from the websiteGame ErrorsI also did some re-wording on the last paragraph and some grammatical fixes."
,Recommended,418460,32067408,Posted: 30 May,all,Snaut,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w63AjVEoiT4Originally there was actually going to be an overhaul mod for Red Orchestra 2, called “In Country: Vietnam”, which was going to be quite similar. However, it was never finished and did not see the light of day. In the meantime, Antimatter Games and Tripwire Interactive started working on their own new project – the next instalment in the Red Orchestra & Rising Storm franchise, but set during the Vietnam War just like the aforementioned mod.And, oh boy, is it a good one! I’m so glad that they decided to stick with traditional beta phases for this and none of the Early Access bull$hit, the difference in quality is huge; in fact, I think Rising Storm 2 is thus far having a much smoother launch than RO2 had. Most of all, it offers the same kind of excellent, intense, teamwork-focused, realistic gameplay that strikes the perfect balance between the Call of Duty and Battlefield formulas, while feeling more authentic and hardcore than either of them, but still retaining a degree of accessibility that can’t be found in the ArmA series.Furthermore, this new setting that takes us away from World War II and into Vietnam calls for a variety of gameplay changes and modernisations, which I am very happy to say have not ruined but only refined the Tripwire FPS model. The flamethrower from the Pacific Theatre has returned; the Americans also get to pilot choppers this time and, of course, drop napalm. This may seem overpowered at first, but the North Vietnamese receive other useful tools – such as a number of traps and a makeshift barrage strike. A welcome addition is attaching and removing bayonets from your rifle, just like in Red Orchestra: Ostfront 41-45, as well as the entirely new feature of folding gun stocks.Identically to the previous parts of the series, we can choose from a variety of classes. Each comes with its own weaponry, equipment, combat role and sometimes even a unique ability. Radios are not stationary, having been converted into a mobile radioman class for players. Since this is no longer the ‘40s but the ‘60s and ‘70s of the 20th century, warfare has changed and most classes now have access to automatic firearms. Fortunately, this somehow works amazingly well and does not damage the format, even though previously most players could only use bolt-action or semi-automatic guns.Applying bandages to wounds has been completely revamped; you no longer just press a button and wait until the animation is over, but now have to hold the key until the injury has been dealt with – all the while you can see your blood dripping down to the ground, which is a nice touch. While squad leaders on the US side still function as the mobile spawn points of old, the Vietnamese equivalent of this role must build tunnels on the battlefield in order to allow his troops to get through. It is an interesting change that suits the historical setting and potentially gives the guerrilla fighters a much needed edge in combat, as a well-placed, hidden, and continuously defended tunnel can quickly lead to the swift taking of an enemy-controlled area.We may choose to play as soldiers of the Việt Cộng and of the People's Army on the Vietnamese side, whereas the Americans get the United States Army and obviously the Marine Corps. This time we can even customise our characters with various helmets, hats, bandanas, outfits, facial hair, eyeglasses, tattoos, and so on. Don’t worry, there are no loot boxes or microtransactions here – only unlockables that you gain access to as you level up your in-game rank and, at least right now, there is no option to spend real money for cosmetics or to give yourself an edge.At this point, the main problem I have with the game is the stuttering. It is not by any means continuous, the game often runs as smooth as butter, but I have had a few games that turned into an unbearable slog. The worst offender as of yet was one match that was running without complaint in the first round but turned into a hellish nightmare on the second one, once it even hung up for a long time, fooling me into believing my PC crashed. When this happens it can obviously drastically affect how well you play.The only other real issues I’ve encountered so far are some minor visual glitches, such as a teammate operating a machinegun whose skin was invisible, or a bug that caused the list of maps you could vote for at the end of the match to disappear on one server. Another time the ground textures turned completely red at the end of a match. I will probably come across more small annoyances like this with time, but right now I can’t say that I’ve found any glaring flaws that affected the experience as a whole really negatively. Rising Storm 2 seems to be a much more polished and stable product than its predecessor was, especially at this stage.Overall, I’m very happy with how this is turning out and I can wholeheartedly recommend Rising Storm 2: Vietnam to all fans of the series. Newcomers may also enjoy this as long as they realise what they are getting themselves into. Even with the stutters, which will hopefully be fixed over time, I must give this product a glowing endorsement. It is also worth mentioning that the game doesn’t feature a great deal of maps at the moment, but it will surely be fleshed out with official and fanmade additions over the coming years just as its predecessors were.I truly enjoyed the first Red Orchestra and played its sequel for over 320 hours. If RS2 continues to grow with free content updates, I can easily see myself spending just as much if not more time on the scorched rice fields of Vietnam."
,Recommended,418460,32066568,Posted: 30 May,all,Ben Garrison,Your daily reminder that napalm sticks to kids.
76561198044505897,Recommended,418460,32066660,Posted: 30 May,all,Steel rehn,"Welcome to the rice fields, mothеr♥♥♥♥еrs!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i8a3gjt_Ar0"
,Recommended,418460,32099334,Posted: 31 May,all,8dBagel,"Excellent game so far. People that are new to the Rising Storm scene are complaining about the difficulty, but that's the whole point. This game is as brutal as it is unforgiving.While this may be enough to put people off, if you keep at it, and get good, you see this game's true colours.We're talking insane tactical strikes, teamwork, and kills that feel so rewarding that actually take skill.Once you get good, you have a really fun time and I can easily recommend this game. I hope this game stays good, and that the devs dont mess anything up. I'm really happy to see how positive the reviews are for this game, and would love for it to stay that way."
,Recommended,418460,32945698,Posted: 28 June,all,ღLil' Amber Eyesღ,"Rising Storm 2, the sequal to Red Orchestra's stand alone expansion, Rising Storm, and has formed a Love-Hate relationship with me. The games setting is vietname (obviously) where it pits americans against north veitnam soldiers against in multiple different game modes, some requiring you to capture points to hold the most area, and capture points to push back a defending team. Although I do love the game and its realistic damage model, it does have its flaws, mainly in balancing and content.While this game does have workshop and mod support for people to create they're own maps, its supply of vanilla maps is deffinatly lacking. If your a player who likes the large 64 player battles, you'll probably be playing around 5-6 maps. Another problem is balancing, the game uses a asymetic balancing system where each team has their own abilities and weapons though it does have problems at times, for example. The American flamethrower is great for close range combat, but after any sort of range, its use falls short, which is a problem when 5 of the 6 maps you play are mainly longer ranged maps with a few compounds, camps and villages littered between points and caps, and mind the fact that americans cant bring primaries into tunnles, it really reduces its use.The Game is good for its price, but it still has a LONG way to go before it reaches its full potential"
76561198127701739,Not Recommended,418460,33986114,Posted: 2 August,all,MasterKief,"Stop just taking our money and getting lazy, finish this game or the community will crumble. So much potential yet so little has happened.....That being said I still love Rising Storm but come on guys!"
,Not Recommended,418460,32385194,Posted: 13 June,all,PAW.Predator,"it's a fantastic gamepre-ordered it and absolutley loved itthe problem is the lack of color-blind support and due to the color scheme it's immposible for color blind people to enjoy itEDIT: i have ""STRONG DEUTAN"" which is a red-green colorblind type so due to the color scheme of the game and most maps it can be very hard for me to see the objective icon or any other markers in the worldcolor blind support mode in other games usually changes icons and markers colors so colorblind people can identify them from the rest of the environmentEDIT 2: some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ kids downvoting the review and saying that i should'nt give the game negative review because of my colorblindness... I'm giving negative review because the game lacks  a basic feature that is in almost all other fps gamesEDIT 3: some screenshots from other games that have colorblind supportOverwatchBF1BF3The Witcher 3League of legendsTitanfall 2Armored WarfareHeroes of the stormWorld of warcraftwildstarand the list goes on"
,Recommended,418460,32169635,Posted: 4 June,all,get outta my rice fields g.i.,"Very fun, and is now argueably one of the best Vietnam war themed games out there in terms of realism and team communication but it can be challenging at first."
,Recommended,418460,32162887,Posted: 3 June,all,Jerry,You can make GI go home all day every day. 10/10
,Recommended,418460,32119234,Posted: 1 June,all,Fw.Laidoner[FJR.420],Better than infinte warfare
,Recommended,418460,32078708,Posted: 30 May,all,泥鰍小妹妹,"This is the best Vietnam Era FPS I've ever played. It will remind you of BFBC: Vietnam and Battlefield: Vietnam but in hardcore mode. The music, the gun sounds, the yelling, captures how the Vietnam war must have been, the game play is incredible. It shows how much time and testing was put into this game too, the maps are perfectly balanced, the game play is immersive, your adrenaline will be pumping during each round. The guns do a realistic amount of damage; you'll be dropped off in the jungle by helicopter, looking for Charlie. Out of nowhere an ambush will light up the tree line with gunfire, dropping GI's like flies. Just when you feel like the enemy has the upper hand, a napalm strike will clear the battlefield and a epic battle ensues, my hands are still shaking from the last round I played. The price is right, there's no pay to play, it's the best FPS I've played in a very long time 10/10. See you in the jungle boys. I love the smell of napalm in the morning...smells like....Victory..."
76561198009505956,Not Recommended,418460,33911665,Posted: 30 July,all,=]NOD[=Mittens,"This game is fun and is worth to play. Why the negative review you might ask now? Let me give you a detailed overview on my opinion.As a person that played Red Orchestra 2 for more than 1k hours it appeared to be a miracle that TWI is bothering to make a new RO/RS title, but there we go. When the game has been anounced and the Beta has been launched I received my key and had a fair amount of fun playing it.Bugs in the beta have been known to me from playing RO2 (I mean literally the same old bugs they had in the last title). During those beta waves I felt a lack of progress and all of the sudden they launched the game with a ridiculous amount of maps, same old beta bugs (for example sprinting while having the weapon ready to fire from your hip) and audio, movement and weapon glitches implemented aswell....The list of bugs goes on but those wouldnt even bother me, if I wouldnt know the history of TWI. Having the same bugs we had in RO2 is frustrating. Seeing how TWI launched a game, which is far from finished, without patching the bugs fast enough is exhausting. Seeing the developer relying on the community to design new playable maps is angering.For potential clan-buyers. Comp gaming is not implemented and is most likely not going to work in the future, so be aware of that aswell.So why did I say the game is fun to play?If you only want to play a few hours, flying heli's, shooting heli's down, or simply want to stalk your enemies through thick jungle vegetation, this game actually might be fun for you.I found the game to be enjoyable being played with more than 4 people in an own squad. Communication is the key to victory and they really managed to enhance this point compared to RO2 (imo).So here for those ♥♥♥♥♥ that don't want to read all the text:Pro:-Fun if you play with several people-Good feeling-The individual feels importantContra:-Many old known bugs-Bugs that have been in the Beta have never been fixed-To less maps/content/progress-No competetive modes-Dev is relying on the community to provide contentTy very much. I would rate this game 4/10 due to my own frustration as Red Orchestra 2 Veteran.EDIT:After the latest patch the game is more enjoyable. I still wont recommend the game but I wanted to let you folk know that TWI is working on the problems.Things I would wish for a recommendation:- Maps (more of them in general not only community stuff)- Real weapon improvement (not only 2 Pistols and 1 Surpressor for an already existing weapon in the game)- Work on the Server engine ffs (Server can't handle more than 48 Players)"
,Not Recommended,418460,32133049,Posted: 2 June,all,SchmerZ,"So first things first: I am a huge fan of RO1 and RO2, including Rising Storm 1, spent hundrets of hours on it. So naturally, I was hyped about RS2:V. During the various Beta phases I managed to get my hands on the game for a first impression. And it was good. Not solid, but good.Now the game has been released for a couple of days already, and my expectations for this to be a great game dropped close to zero, and here is why:Pros:The Vietnam-Setting is just awesome. Period.Cons:The engine has come to age and its obvious in many regards.The netcode appears to be somewhat inconsistent regarding hit detection and such.The sound design is outright bad. While in general the SFX work great, the napalm just blows your brains out and the artillery barrage will rock your chair, the adjustment of sound to everything else is just bad. It is impossible to have the sound at a solid level for noticing footsteps while you are still able to talk on teamspeak. Its either too loud or too quiet, even to a degree where I seriously thought to be turning deaf.If RO2 had the best gunplay for realistic large scale historic settings, then RS2 hands you waterpistols on a sixgraders birthday in the park. Theyre big, clumsy, they dont feel right in many ways. Lets take the stakeout shotgun for example.. the model is constantly shifted towards one side or the other, even when prone and not moving, thus there is no point of reference whether the iron sights actually align with the target or not.Sprinting sometimes affects your accuracy, but in general it appears that the Northern Faction ignores all stamina related impacts on the handling of the weapon.The lack of customization: Yes, this is no COD, no BF. But its a Rising Storm. And the fact that the minimal customization you were able to unlock in RO2 or RS1 is not being implemented at all is a huge no-no for me. What, like no 30 Round magazines for the M16 (4 mags instead of 8 wouldve been a solid balancing act). It doesnt have to be much, but displaying the option and then limiting it on the grain size of shotgun pallets is a slap in the face.Why are there squadleads, if there is no squadlead kit? Ofc I can take a Pointman-Kit if I need smoke grenades so desperately, but the Pointman is supposed to be leading the squad (not that there is any teamplay for that matter, most players ignore voice chat anyway). The Southern Squadlead though is supposed to stay behind to provide a spawn location for his squad. So you either take away an important class from your squad/team, or you simply can not cover your advance with smoke. Solid design choice there. Not.Attaching choppers to your squad sounds cool, but will never work in public matches, hell, I even got teamkill-penalties because some pilot kept running into my rear rotor blades in order to troll me... and you cant do jack♥♥♥♥♥♥about it. Ofc, there is the polling/voting thingy, but as long as this person isnt drawing any attention to its actions the votekick never works out. That may vary on different servers, true.But even to get on one of the only so many well tended servers is nearly impossible once theyre full, because there is no waiting queue. Even SQUAD in its alpha stage has this feature. Oh yeah, SQUAD is running in UE4. Shocker.Last but not least: No hardcore mode? Whats the point of a killfeed if its only about draining the enemy tickets anyway? RO2 had a hardcore mode, wiping all the interface and thus creating sweet immersion. Now, you can disable those things for your client only, which makes this feature utterly useless. And dont get me started on the little selection of maps, 5 is pretty lame, especially if theyre dependant on the game mode.tl:drThis game is a huge disappointment in many regards. The class design is unripe and flawed, the gunplay is imho a mix between arcade and not existant (the contrary to the predecessors which I held up to be a standard in gaming). The engine is from yesteryear and main pillars of the gameplay simply dont work or render useless.I wouldnt recommend this game unless youre not giving a damn about rewarding game developers for solid work or if you can shoot this game for less than 10 €/$. Iam sorry, RO2 was my religion for a good amount of time, and even RO2 was just half as good as RO1. The downward slope continues with RS2."
,Recommended,418460,32099461,Posted: 31 May,all,loxtor,I got actual ptsd.
76561198129685655,Recommended,418460,34244838,Posted: 14 August,all,[HTT] Zoot,"Rising Storm 2: Vietnamis a something all of us history buffs ever wanted for a modern Vietnam War based game. It is harsh, brutal, and you will die again and again. If you are willing to learn from your deaths, you will find yourself spending much more time on the battlefield, and less time staring at the respawn timer.I highly recommend going into this game with a usable mic, and a willingness to chat with your team, as coordination plays avitalrole if you seek to win games/battles.Every inch of this game places an accurate vibe for a harsh Vietnam War based game. The yelling, artillery, men dying, and the sounds of gunshots will always follow you around and can make oneself panic and shaken, but it will make a veteran out of you yet, making this game quite enjoyable. (Maybe one would have to be masochistic to like this game yea? Haha, kidding)I pre-ordered this game as soon as that option rose, and ever since the release date, I am glad the game is still being worked on currently. It definitely has quite a bit of things that need to be polished, such as a few minor bugs that need fixing, and more playable maps would be great.To conclude, for what the game is worth currently, it is a fair price, and you will get your bang for your buck. (Pun not intended)(2017-09-07)Edit: I have no idea why there are quite the number of negative reviews for this game, but after taking a look at them for myself I can say that most of them just make quick and poor judgements of the game. These remarks are just about bugs and current issues that the game has. Well guess what, the game is STILL being worked on by the developers and has a steady flow of updates. This means that there is still PLENTY of content that will be flushed out for players of this game. In all, I suggest ignoring the majority of the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ written negative reviews."
,Recommended,418460,32631640,Posted: 21 June,all,floopsybunny,We are tayken delta
,Recommended,418460,32120304,Posted: 1 June,all,randybutternubss,"Best game yet, In my top favorites. Hits home for me had realitives in Vietnam, and its just a fun game. If you pick this game up it is somwhat realistic, And you need an okay PC/Laptop to run it. Overall rating 12/10"
,Not Recommended,418460,33393717,Posted: 8 July,all,Stagger Lee,I would not recommend this game at the moment. There are just too many bugs and performance issues plagueing it right now. I just went back to playing R02/RS1 and was amazed how much better it feels than this game. The map variety is also kind of lacking. Fortunatly all new maps and added factions will be free so patience is key. Tripwire games always have horrible launches that usually get fixed within a couple of months.
,Not Recommended,418460,32307833,Posted: 9 June,all,Chuker34,"I would love to give this game a thumbs up, I really would but after even just a few hours of gameplay I can say that RO2 is leagues better than this game in my opinion.The game suffers from what feels like a rushed release, they went through so many betas then what felt like out of nowhere to me they just announced it was going to be released. I didn't expect or even WANT the game to be released until the end of summer or even fall. There are still so many bugs, bad voice lines and things I feel are missing compared to the previous titles in the franchise.I'll get my gripes off the table first: Lack of weapon leveling, lack of iron sight shift zoom, the game is STILL on Unreal 3, sound design and mixing is just strange and while better than in the beta, still bad, balance issues, lack of a RO2 style territory campaign mode and a lack of maps features that should be here that just aren't as well as animations.I will go in order hereWeapon leveling: I feel this adds SOMETHING to the game, for someone like me who enjoys leveling it sort of takes things away when you already have everything. Yeah sure, players not having a scope for their MG starting out is a disadvantage and how RO2/RS1 did it wasn't quite right, it was still fun to just use a weapon to get that unlock. Just playing with a pistol so you could maximize its rank was fun and now there is none of that.Iron sight zoom: Contreversial yes, but it did help and is bizzarely still in the game but for MGs only. That little level of extra zoom helps make out figures in the distance and makes precision aiming easier, it also helps with some of the limits of the Unreal 3 engine as I will talk about now.Unreal 3: Why. Just why. This engine performs great, it still has decent visuals but its render distance is attrocious. In RO2 it was more of an issue not being able to see player models as far as the maps were designed to allow you to (Yes everyone who always replied ""durr, set graphics higher"" I DO play with everything cranked and still get 100+ FPS, it's an engine limitation. In a semi realistic shooter that allows weapons to adjust their sights hundreds of yards/meters why is it that the engine limits you being able to see someone to around 200 meters, even then there is a thick fog covering them. Weapon zoom helps this, but this simply shouldn't be the case.Sound design: I can't really say too much on this other than that there are sounds that come from afar that sound like they are two feet from you, the levels of things such as bullet flybys, footsteps and bullet impacts is just off. I swear weapons are very indistinctive, I do know that some weapons do and should sound similar, I myself own a good few old military arms some of which are presented in this game, and they sound exactly the same as a weapon firing a round twice the size. What was so good about the sound of RO2/RS1 was that you instantly knew what weapon was being fired around a corner. Even if it weren't entire realistic, there is a reason why most games have weapon sounds that are very distinct of one class/team/faction. Furthermore, the voice lines all sound a little bored and some are just outright bad.Balance issues: The US army gets helicopters. Great, that's fine, but sometimes it's just way too damn many for BOTH sides. What I mean by this is that as the VC you walk ten seconds out of spawn and get rocketed. So fun. As the US team when half your team is flying around in helicopters and the pilots won't/can't land, there is nobody on foot to defend your objective. While you have a squad or two trying to back cap a point as a distraction the VC ignore it and take two of your points, furthermore you have one more squad flying around waiting to land. That's half your team in the air while they have their whole team able to attack you at once. Non auto rifles feel somehow less accurate than full autos and certain weapons just feel useless. The shotguns feel mostly good but at more than about 50 feet away, they are BB guns. This isn't how actual shotguns work and unless you get a lucky headshot, whoever you shoot just runs away and heals. This even happens at point blank range where somebody will just shrug off being hit by a whole shells worth of buckshot. This could be hit detection. I don't really know.No territory campaign: If you have played RO2 you know what I mean by this. I can't count how many additional hours I have sank into that game just to see a campaign to its conclusion, even if I'm going to lose. It's fun and there's just nothing more to say. (With how few maps there are in the game you really can't have this, which is a shame)Animations: Why when I bayonet charge does my soldier hold his weapon still. RO2/RS1 had this more correct than this game by MILES. I dare you to go pick up a SKS or Mosin Nagant and run full speed at a target with a bayonet and bayonet charge it as this game depects. It doesn't happen, you MOVE while doing it because you are at a full sprint. It makes bayoneting in this game feel less enjoyable. As well as that, some of the animations feel so still and mechanical, this isn't specific to this game at all,most games are like this I feel and I am someone who LOVES good animations. This game feels like they hired an animator from a Call of Duty game to help them. I am very sorry to soil this reveiw with that name, but it has to be said.I don't think this is a bad game, I want to love it, I want this game to be good, but it stops me from thinking it is as good as RO2 in any way. Red Orchestra to newcomers is a pretty frustrating game, I spat curses at RO2 years and years ago myself, but this game frustrates me in a far different way. The maps have giant empty spaces that are just there so helicopters don't go out of bounds and are left unused save for some random sniper or squad leader to set up in and be unkillable unless somebody goes even further around, the maps are so open you can just run around anywhere and be fine until a chopper fires heat seeking miniguns at you and kills you in half a second.There's no chokepoints as there was in RO2 to direct battles leaving fights a very sporadic and unorganized mess in which nobody is sure what is even happeneing.I feel the game was released far too soon for its own good and unfortunately with no leveling past the leveling to unlock cosmetics, very few maps and game modes and a variety of small issues that meld together to create a larger irritation, this game will lose some playerbase before it is fixed with more maps and bugfixes.There's many classes but they all have the same three weapons and play almost the same where as in previous games at least a few classes felt different.Customization is good, but when a class is both a flamethrower and a standard grunt then what is the point of even having a seperate class. RS1 had things like this right in my opinion, solid classes that are dedicated to one thing rather than trying to be two or three at once.Solid game, easily a 7/10, but it is not for me quite yet."
,Recommended,418460,32216260,Posted: 6 June,all,bUm805,This game is so good im writing a review for it.its good.
,Recommended,418460,32150779,Posted: 3 June,all,Fulltimespy,"Awesome shooter, gameplay is amazing and combat can be extremely intense.Running trough a recently napalmed area and see all the burned to crisp bodies...For an old engine it looks decent.Too bad for me it suffers some performance issues ( I7 3770K gtx 970 ).Some people with simmilar setup have no issues."
,Not Recommended,418460,32099790,Posted: 31 May,all,nigher,"I really wanted to like RS2 because of my love for RO2/RS1, but Tripwire/Anitmatter really dropped the ball.By far, my biggest complaint is that the final release is literally just the open beta build with miniscule changes. All the bugs from the previous beta waves are still here, and there are also some new bugs. Expect to have trouble placing tunnels and traps, expect to get killed by napalm that has already dissipated, expect to see bodies fly 10 meters into the air when shot, expect to have some BS deaths because of bad hitreg, etc. The horrible presentation is another indicator that this game is unfinished. The stupid decision to continue using Unreal Engine 3 combined with the non-functional antialiasing and bad lighting cause the game to look dated. It seriously looks like an Xbox 360 game from 2011. The menus are also horribly designed and are very unresposive.While it's not necessarily a problem, as more maps will be released in the future, the fact that there are only three maps for TE and two maps for SU (nobody cares about SK) may turn off some potential buyers. The maps are well designed, though, and offer plenty of replayability without feeling stale.One thing that might not bother others, but bothers me greatly, is the lack of immersion compared to that which was found in RO2/RS1. The excellent native language voice acting was the primary reason that RO2/RS1 felt so immersive. The voice acting in RS2 is utterly, undeniably terrible. The Americans all sound too old to be fighting in Vietnam. The average age for a soldier in Vietnam was 22; most of the voices sound like they're 40+ years old. The American voice lines are also way too cheesy and PG-13 for a war game that takes itself somewhat seriously. The Vietnamese announcer doesn't use his native language like in RS1; he instead uses a cartoonish, exaggerated Vietnamese accent while speaking (broken) English. Both of the factions have the problem of sounding way too calm while in a stressful environment. Also, the Vietnamese still use the Japanese screams from RS1 (even though the changelog says that they were replaced), which is unacceptable and incredibly lazy.The game is missing any sort of tutorial for new players except for a few short videos that don't really teach you much other than how to walk and shoot. Also, none of these tutorials are mandatory. This leads to new players taking important positions like helicopter pilots and squad leaders and not doing their job correctly at the expense of their team.As a final verdict, this game is unfinished and has no right to be sold on the Steam store. If you do decide to buy this, caveat emptor, as you're essentially purchasing a beta."
,Recommended,418460,32178889,Posted: 4 June,all,Walter Sobchak,Fun game with great sound design. The levels/maps are really bad though. They opted for close combat run and gun instead of low and slow jungle warfare. Shame.
76561197973113433,Recommended,418460,32080925,Posted: 31 May,all,Jak Reacher,I LOVE THIS GAME. used to play bf1.  this is my new home
,Recommended,418460,34669376,Posted: 1 September,all,Rettungssocke,"One of the best Vietnam Games that has been ever made.Its realistic,brutal,authentic.I like the Maps,the weapons and its variations.But it has some Bugs and Netcode Problems which makes you mad sometimes.All in All a pretty good fps shooter."
,Recommended,418460,34690010,Posted: 2 September,all,þerch,"For the fools saying that ""we want a campaign"" or ""not as much content as RO2"" or ""where is the propietary VOIP?"" can all suck a♥♥♥♥♥♥This game isnt RO3, its RS2 (Rising Storm 2). If you've played Rising Storm 1 (which I can only assume the people who thumbs down didn't) then you'd know these are not the same games. The Rising Storm Series is more of a testement to aymmetrical combat than it is a ""military simulator"". In fact, it's not a military simulator at all (nor is RO2 for that matter), and if that's what you are looking for, ♥♥♥♥ing look elsewhere. Yes RO:2 had tanks and APC's, but the thing is is that Rising Storm:1 stripped these out when it first came out and never updated them in. Does that suck? Of course it does, but the ♥♥♥♥ing videogame is like 30 bucks what are you ♥♥♥♥♥ing about. Most negative reviews on here dont account for the price of the game and the predecessor that came before. This game is inline with the evolution of Rising Storm, it is progressing as the developers see fit and they just updated the game adding 2 new guns and another gun variant. Also why would you even want a campaign? The RO:2 campaign was dogshit and if you think it was good your opinion just is not valid. Offline bots at the most; but this is a multiplayer game for purists. Free aim, minimal hud, lethal weapons and realistic recoil. This is what the game is about, not vehicles or campaigns or easy modes. Play Insurgency if you want that, but good luck finding a good Veitnam game; besides this one of course.I made this review in part of the vehement responses from the so called ""community"". This game won't die, Rising Storm: 1 is still going strong for Christ's sake. I love this game because there just aren't games like this out there. If I had to talk about the improvements of this game I'd have to say accessibility is its strongest suit. This is one of the few ""mil-sim/twitch shooters"" I can pick up and just have a blast in, with friends or by myself. More so than Insurgency because of the massive maps and usually non-linear objectives, and more so than Battlefield 1 because of the brutal, tactical realism and one shot kills this game is so fond of. You also can't beat the Vietnam backdrop that so few games take advantage of. The removal of experience based weapon upgrades are nice and the cosmetic replacement is even nicer. With every click in the menus and options and upon observance of this games production value you can absolutely see the love that went into making this game.All in all this is a one of a kind, Tripwire attention to detail, 'Nam romp that is waiting to be explored by more players. If you enjoy FPS shooters even a little bit, dont hesitate, It's a great little game that admittedly could use more players. Then again, I never struggle finding a full server (64 players) myself (I live in the U.S.).Anyway, ♥♥♥♥ the haters this game is great. I needed to make this review because people have been ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ on this game for no reason."
76561197997794666,Recommended,418460,32099466,Posted: 31 May,all,Tikigod,"Pros: By far, the best simulation of Vietnam to date.  Effects, animation, and modeling are excellent.Cons: Can't stand the ""Return to Combat Area"" feature.  If team captures a location you can all of a sudden end up in enemy territory which disables your weapons and puts a large banner saying ""Return to Combat Area"".  This kills the atmosphere and realism of the game.  So, many times you end up in some spot that doesn't allow you to retreat properly and you end up running into groups of enemy with no way to defend yourself.  This also, restricts your ability to flank or come from a direction they don't expect.  There has to be a better way to implement this feature without turing off the ability to defend yourself completely.  It ruins the gameplay, atmosphere, and is just annoying."
,Recommended,418460,35223958,Posted: 26 September,all,Midgetnator,">Starts Game>Cue's up Vietnam era music playlist>Join supremacy as U.S.>Fight for Delta for 5min against constant waves of VC>Run out of ammo for my M16>Use 1911, run out of ammo for that>Pick up an SKS off a VC's corpse>Kill 3 more Gooks>Get killed by a friendly danger-close napalm strike>Lose Delta>Have Flashbacks of how your team leader deep fried youBest FPS I've played in years 10/10 would burn alive again"
76561198150902172,Recommended,418460,32155418,Posted: 3 June,all,thedoctor712,"Rising Storm 2 is a good game, but it is not for everyone. It is a very hard game, especially for someon eho was never played RO2 or Rising Storm.Things I like about this game:Sounds matter - Footsteps from an enemy can tell you that they are nearby. Also you can tell if an enemy is closeby by recognizing the sound of their weapons. Also hearing the click of a grenade as it falls nearby can notify you of its presence.Realistic damage - One of the best parts about this game is that it doesn't take 500 shots to kill someone like it does in battlefield or cod. That being said, it also means that you can get killed very easily.Serious community - Trolling or griefing or not fulfilling your role in this game will get you kicked, which is nice because it keeps the game pretty immersive.Napalm.Things I don't like about this game:Main screen - Run Through The Jungle is definitely one of my favorite songs, and it should belong in any Vietnam game. However it is the only song that ever plays on the homescreen. No Fortunate Son, No For What's It Worth, just Run Through The Jungle. Also it is very glitchy when you enter a game. It will play for a few seconds in the loading screen, and then cut ofdf abruptly. Also if you are at the home screen long enough that the song ends, it will just be complete silence.Not enough specialty slots - This is good and bad. When I say not enough specialties I mean that there are very few spots for Machine gunner, sniper, etc. This is good because you don't want all of these level ones running in with a machine gun with no idea what they are doing, but also does not give you any time to learn, which brings me to my next point:Bad Tutorials - I reallky enjoy flying helicopters in games, and flying a Huey in Vietnam is pretty awesome. However the tutorial they gave is very lackluster and the key bindings have nothing for vehicle controls.The vietcong has the same ads time as the USA despite the vietcong carrying their weapons in a single hand below them while the USA carries them against their chest with two hands.I'm sure there will be more things that I come across that I like and dislike, and there will also be things that Tripwire fixes. Some of these might not be true, I don't know, but that is my experience with it. But overall, for the first week of the game, very impressive."
,Recommended,418460,32080545,Posted: 31 May,all,Panda Switch Vassili,"Compelling gameplay, great soundtrack and wondrous environmental sound, Rising Storm Vietnam is a great mix between realism and fun, a genre apart. This is not like Battlefield, not like Arma or Squad, this is a great mix where the entertainment is the priority. But it's still realistic. You'll be dragged down inside the Vietnam war, crawling into a bunker or run across a rice field.Close combat is the king, but there is also air support and you can drive for the first time in the series an helicopter!Besides, Tripwire will support this game absolutely FOR FREE. You don't have to pay for extra maps, updates, new modes and others. You need just to spend 20 bucks. And that's all."
,Recommended,418460,32098101,Posted: 31 May,all,RedBarron54,"This is an amazing game and a amazing sequal to Rising Storm, I loved RO2 and this game so far has made me very happy."
76561198277871544,Recommended,418460,32146316,Posted: 3 June,all,Obito Uchiha,-Realistic Graphics-Realistic gameplay-Realistic weapons-Requires aim-Bullet drop-Sprey control-Team kill10/10
,Not Recommended,418460,32222120,Posted: 6 June,all,Richard Frederiksen,"Well, I wanted to really like RS2: Vietnam, it is quite fun to play, but has large problems at the moment that haven't been addressed and leave it in a frustrating state. I'd love to be positive about the game as it feels good, on the whole, but it is let down by the following:- Hit detection: It is terrible. I don't know what they've changed since the Closed Beta, but shots are ever so iffy on whether they actually connect or not. You can put a catridge of buckshot into an enemy within 10m with a shotgun and not have it connect. You can dial in the range perfectly and put your scope's crosshairs on the target's static head and still not have the bullet connect, even after repeated attempts. There are times when it works perfectly and times when it decides the bullets will not do anything.- Few maps: Where are the others? The few maps get rather dull rather quickly and bring little variety. They need more for each game mode, particularly Territory which just sees the US attack on each map.- Wounds: 'tis but a scratch! Getting hit by a rifle calibre bullet isn't a problem for the US or Vietnamese so long as it strikes the leg or arm! But even then taking a bullet to the torso can be dealt with by the simple measure of whacking a magic bandage on it. It is terribly frustrating to hit a target in the leg and for them to just keep running around as though they've not just had skin, muscles, veins, arteries, bone, etc. struck by a metal object traveling at over 2,000fps.- Bugs: Bugs galore! Stuff just doesn't work.Frankly, I don't think this game should have left Beta for quite a while yet. It needed more time and work, more content (maps) made for it and bugs ironed out. Also needs a hardcore mode."
,Recommended,418460,34715743,Posted: 3 September,all,DJFunkyFresh,How to have fun in this game:- Play low and slow- Flank- Use your god damn smokes- Play the damn objective- Don't worry about dieing a lot. Its a really tough game and its going to happen.I dont know whats up with all the negative reviews here (aside from the free weekenders). Its a great game and I love it as much I loved RO2. Sure there's a few bugs here and there but honestly I find it to be a lot less janky than RO2 was.Oh and ya'll need to embrace the hunting shotgun. That thing is amazing.
76561198006978810,Not Recommended,418460,32093436,Posted: 31 May,all,Fistismack,"Fantastic game, if you played RO2, RS you know exactly what you're getting, and the games only $25 so I can't complain much about the minor bugs that are involved in the game.However, I can't recommend because of the memory leak. Checking memory usage during gameplay, for the first few maps, your mem usage is ~4GB which is normal and not a problem, however after playing the game for a few hours (which you will because it's addicting) you'll notice that your ram will eventually be fully utilized leading the lag spikes and stutters, audio jumps etc. I'm a peasant and only have 6GB ram in my rig but I've read on forums people with 16GB also having the full 16GB used up as well. You can always shut down the game and restart it to have a fresh usage of your ram, but the problem will keep coming back and this shouldn't be necessary.plsoptimize/10"
,Recommended,418460,32100544,Posted: 31 May,all,Cyka McBlyat,It's just a tiny bit rough but the actual gameplay and teamwork is easily some of the best in any gaming community.
,Recommended,418460,34864227,Posted: 10 September,all,Simulacra_53,"If I am completely honest with you, this is a game you can hate with f-ing intensity.Sometimes if it all comes together - good commander, good SL and Team coop and everybody has a quality connection it can be a great Viet Nam experience.However, most of the times it ends up being a disappointing or a near rage quitting experience.Lot of veterans keep insisting this is a great game, but in the end it is a clunky camp fest with most of the players camping their guts out and shouting realism - as they shoot their 50th kill.Recommend it like a root canal, you know you need it, but you f-ing hate it.You don't have to like what I write, it is not meant to win a popularity contest.I f-ing hate this POS game - which is fitting for a game about the Viet Nam war!"
76561198118531236,Not Recommended,418460,32196343,Posted: 5 June,all,Officer Nice,"At the moment I cannot recommend that you get a hold of Rising Storm 2 for a couple of reasons. Once those have been dealt with, then I wouldn't hesitate to recommend it.---- CONS ----The game launches with 8 maps. 3 for Territories, 3 for Skirmish and 2 for Supremacy. Which means it gets very samey, very quick, and the map quality varies a lot. The game is not running smooth and definitely has problems with ping. Often you find a server and it says 40 ping, then when you're ingame your ping is doubled. Hick ups also happen from time to time in game which result in hit detection problems, and I've been going back to RO2/RS, both for that reason and others, to refresh my memory and there are not the same problems, at least not for me. I have 2 qualms with the audio. There is no directional sound on grenades which means you can't determine where the hell they are landing: In front of you, left of you, next to you or 10 meters away. So I usually just stay put and cross my fingers.The main game mode for this series is Territories. For those not familiar with the series it can sort of be compared with Battlefield's Rush, although in Territories you have to capture 1 or hold 2 objectives in order to progress to the next 1 or 2 objectives. Personally, this is what I play for, and what I loved to play in Red Orchestra 2/Rising Storm which is among my favourite FPS games of all time. However, RS2 only launches with 3 maps for this mode whereas there is only one map I deem good and fun. That map is Hue City. Whilst it can be a major pain to play when your team, and specifically your commander does not know what to do, it can be loads of fun. Then there is Hill 937 which is just a poor attempt to make another Iwo Jima, which is a map from the first Rising Storm. Cu Chi is just a flat map. Starts in a little village. After that you have to make your way cross a flat field and die. Die again. And again. And again. I rarely see this map being voted for and for good reason.A new game mode has made it into the series - Supremacy. Which is just conquest from Battlefield. Personally, I am tired of this mode because it's the same crap it's always been. Capture one objective and then the entire team neglects it, enemy capture it, and then it often just comes down to running back and forth between the same objectives all the time. I don't find that enjoyable at all. I've played way too much of it in Battlefield over the years and I am just sick and tired of running back and forth. That is not what I play this series for, and not what it featured in the past. It does add variation, of course, and for newcomers it will without a doubt a plus. Currently, there are only two maps for this game mode, and they are pretty decent but as mentioned it gets samey when there's only this few maps to choose from.Last but certainly not least is the Skirmish game mode which essentially is Domination from Call of Duty. Not just in the mode inself but also map size, as in the maps are incredibly small. I don't see this being voted for a lot and there are not a lot of servers running this mode. Not an enjoyable mode and I hope this is not going to be at the top of the priority list. That's all I have to say about that.Finding servers... 55/64 players. Great, I'll join! *Server is Full*. 62/64 players. Oh, I can just sneak in!! Server loads. Map loads. YES, I GOT IN! Get kicked out to the main menu. *Server is Full*. This was ♥♥♥♥ing annoying in the first game, and it is still annoying. This is the only thing I miss from Battlefield: the damn ability to queue for a server so when someone leaves you get in.I don't know how much of the game has been done by Tripwire, and how much of it has been done by Antimatter but the map quality has to go up. I hope they are going to include community maps into the official rotation like in the past because that could without a doubt do miracles.---- POSITIVES ----They already showed this with Killing Floor 2, they have improved SO much on making a UI and interface that looks better and is more intuitive. Compared to the last game it is so much easier to join squads, mute players, kick players and they even added a role kick and thank god for that.The game has received a good looking visual upgrade compared to the last game.They removed the squad leader role. So now you can be a squad leader as machine gunner, sniper, grunt (rifleman) and so on. Personally, I love this and it is great when combined with the new squad system where you can just join and create your own squad as you please. U.S. squad leaders also get a signal smoke which ""turns"" into an artillery mark which is really great if you are on a hill for example, and you want to mark and artillery downhill without having your face blown off.Radioman is a great addition. This means the commander does not have to be stationary at a radio nowhere near the action and he can get a good position to mark artillery himself if his squad leaders are pinned down.As VC you cannot spawn on your squad leader, he has to put down a squad tunnel for you to spawn on. I think this is a neat mechanic which changes the dynamics and feel of each side. People playing U.S. just needs to be more effective to take them out.The VOIP changes. In RO2/RS you had to bind public voice, team voice and squad voice to different buttons. Now you can just change channel with one button and have one push to talk instead of 3. Great change. Even better is that a lot of servers turn public VOIP off so you don't have a lot of mic spamming ♥♥♥♥♥♥s shouting.Shooting feels as great as ever. You can't just use full auto and empty a magasine into an enemy like in other games. I like the sound that comes when you nail a headshot. When it works of course and they guy you shot doesn't just run off. I imagine that is a server problem.Helicopters. I haven't flown them yet but it is nice that there is a simple and advanced option for people to choose from when flying. VC has plenty of options to counter them, and it is a nice addition that VC can prone and then not be seen by recon and the Little Bird. They've done a great deal to balance things but it is up to a good team to make sure things are countered.You can customize your soldier. Not much to say on this, but it is nice so you don't run around with all your triplings and so on. And hey, no microtransactions like in KF2. Don't get any ideas, Tripwire.And hey, it's Vietnam which is kickass. Been waiting so long for a new Vietnam game since the HC servers for Bad Company 2: Vietnam died off last year.---- CONCLUSION ----Overall, I would say hold off until they fixed the performance. After that, I would still say hold off for veterans who wants to play Territories and Campaign*. For newcomers, I would say go for it.So far there is great potential for this game. As you can see, there are a lot of good things in this game but it is being held back. It needs better maps. More maps. Better perfomance. I will still be returning from time to time, but I will be spending most of my time killing japs in the first Rising Storm.*Campaign is an online mode from RO2/RS where there is a big map divided into sectors where you have to capture all sectors to win. I don't have enough space left in the review to explain it fully. xD I didn't mention this as a con that it is not in the game because it has so few maps and there's no need to slag it off for that. I can't even remember if the first game had it at launch.EDIT 1.01: AC47 bug has been fixed."
,Recommended,418460,32300869,Posted: 9 June,all,Givemeice,Death? What do you all know about death?
,Recommended,418460,32071747,Posted: 30 May,all,Juncker,Downloads game...Launches game...Instantly greeted with Creedence Clearwater Revival's Run through the jungle as the menu themeGoes into random serverGoes USSelects Marksman class (Sniper)Spawns in a chopperLandsGets outHear a JetNext a big Explosion happens in the village infront of usWe all charge in to clear the rest that didnt dieI see a guy standing 5 meters from meI snipe himHe falls on his back and starts crying and screamingI shoot him in the head and then he shuts upI actually felt bad for the guySo I walk over to his lifeless body...I tbag him11/10
,Recommended,418460,32365682,Posted: 12 June,all,[TG] Xero,"This game is INTENSE! Hordes of Vietnamese and American shoulders running head to head at each other, GUNS BLAZING! Bullets, Grenades, Rockets, whizzing by your head before you take a sniper round to the dome! Shooting a RPG into a well defense shack just to see their body parts explode against the interior walls!! It's a rush to say the least, don't think you'll survive that long in this SLAUGHTERHOUSE of fun!The game definitely has a learning curve, but once you gain some game sense and get deep into the action it's hard to put this game down!!Minor issues like clipping through in game geometry, and clunky weapon reloads are a few things I will complain about.. but it's not a game breaker for me and I am sure those things will be fixed!"
76561198036001557,Not Recommended,418460,32178684,Posted: 4 June,all,Enormous Caveman in Africa,"Dont buy this game until they have pushed it to at least 1.01 or so as it is still buggy as hell. This is a fun game when it works but for now the crashes, sound glitchs, and others issues prevent it from being enjoyed as it should be. Also there are only about 5 maps in the game right now which after after about 10 hrs of playing feel nothing but repetitive. I really want this game to be good but as it is now put it on the backburner and get somthing else. It may be worth coming back to when they have either added more maps through steam's workshop or themselves, and have also fixed the bugs that break this game."
76561198009146729,Recommended,418460,32067736,Posted: 30 May,all,⎛⎝Trash Panda⎠⎞,WELCOME TO THE RICE FIELDS MOTHERF***ER
,Not Recommended,418460,34333145,Posted: 18 August,all,you like laundry detergent,"Red Orchestra 2 is one of my favourite ""realistic"" shooters of all time, so my hype for Rising Storm 2 was through the roof. I'm sad to say the game in its current state is a bit of a let down. This is going to be more of a poorly-written rant than a review.My biggest issue with the game is the tiny amount of maps, and the fact that most of them are sided towards the US team. There are SIX MAPS. That's unacceptable.  Hue City is the worst map in the game, so of course it's the new Bridges of Druzhina (meaning people vote for it every other ♥♥♥♥ing match) and most of the games end up playing out exactly the same. A lot of the time you get stuck in the janky♥♥♥♥♥terrain of some of the jungle maps. Also map-related, it's way too easy to go out of bounds. It doesn't help that your gun gets lowered and you can't do anything other than stand there like an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ getting laced up when you see an enemy. I get that it's necessary but when I have to open my map and look really closely at the randomly placed boundaries to stay inside of them, that means I can't look for enemies.Weapon diversity is sorely lacking, and the weapon sounds themselves are pretty awful and lack impact. There's only a handful of guns actually worth using, meaning the M16, M60, AKM, and RPD/DP-28. They tried to add variations to the AK, but the AKM's the only one worth using. If you're going to add variations, give some of them advantages besides running faster or folding the stock (which is a pointless feature, by the way). Guns like the M3 grease gun are utterly useless because the iron sights are horrendous. Developers need to learn how iron sights on weapons actually work, you don't see a giant ring surrounding the front sight post. Shotguns often take several shots at point blank range just to kill somebody, hit detection is totally wonky. Except for the double barrel shotgun. That thing's awesome. The M16 is inexplicably more powerful than the M14 (which fires a larger cartidge compared to the M16's smaller 5.56×45 round), the Mosin Nagant on the VC side is absolutely trash compared to its RO2 counterpart, it often takes two shot to the chest to kill somebody. The SKS is basically a novelty when you have a 30-round AK to use. I honestly think Tripwire should have made the SKS the main weapon for the VC and have the AK in limited supply. On top of all this, there just aren't that many guns in general to choose from. There were quite a few weapons used in the Vietnam war and this game barely scratches the surface. The good news is RO2 was the same way and they eventually added more (prototype, but still) weapons to pick, so I'm hoping RS2 gets the same treatment.The immersive battle chatter, screams, and sounds of war from RO2 are basically gone and replaced with unconvincing stereotypical voice actors. The vietnamese voice acting might be some of the (best?) worst I've heard in recent memory. At least they kept death sounds. You'll probably get tired of them after hearing ""Gettin' a heart for this one"" for the 754th time that game, however.The customization options are also sorely lacking. To get anything cool you have to get up to level 60 and above, and that takes dozens and dozens of hours. The leveling would be so much better if the speed was doubled and the unlocks were rearranged a bit. Weapon leveling was also inexplicably removed. It sounds small, but it gave me incentive to use all the weapons back in RO2 and RS1.Now, I'll give credit where credit's due, they did try to innovate a little bit by adding things like helicopters, DShKs, traps for the vietcong, etc, and they work pretty well for the most part. The RPG is also a really fun class to play with, even if it's a bit overpowered. Shooting a helicopter pilot in the face with an AK from 500 meters away is probably my highlight in my 43 hours.The game is still fun, don't get me wrong. It's still a Rising Storm game, it's unforgiving for new players. It'll give you 'nam flashbacks even though you were probably born 20+ years after the conflict ended, but there's a ton of tiny issues that add up to be pretty big. I enjoyed the hell out of it at first, but after playing for any extended period of time the crippling issues become pretty obvious. I can't really recommend it in its current state if you're looking to play it for any length of time. Just buy and play RO2/RS1 until it's finished. The game feels like it's still in beta.By the way, why the hell is the spooky still completely silent after like 4 updates? It's pretty lame getting killed by a completely silent plane chilling up in the sky. Literally unplayable."
,Recommended,418460,32530043,Posted: 18 June,all,ϟϟKraut Space Magicianϟϟ,"Before I played Rising Storm 2 :＼＼＼ ＼( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)＼ <　⌒ヽ/ 　 へ　＼/　　/　 ＼　＼ﾚ　ノ　　　 ヽ_つ/　//　/|(　(ヽ|　| 、＼| 丿 ＼ ⌒)| |　　) /ノ )　　LﾉAfter I played Rising Storm 2 :／ﾌﾌ 　　　　　　 　 ム｀ヽ/ ノ) 　　　　　　　　　｜ ｜/ ｜　　( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°） ⌒（ゝ._,ノ/　ﾉ⌒7⌒ヽーくー ＼　／丶＿ ノ ｡　　 ノ､　｡|/`ヽ `ー-'_人`ーﾉ丶 ￣ _人'彡)"
76561198253396751,Recommended,418460,35210835,Posted: 25 September,all,Dublt55,"10/10 Would:>Get napalmed by team commander>Fire both barrels of the shotgun at point blank and miss both times>Tripwire all tunnels>Fail to take off from helicopter base due to sensitive controls>Spam grenade launcher in attack copter and only end up TKing>Get RPGed in a helicopter>Get AA Missiled in a helicopter>Get sniped while riding in a helicopter>Die more times on the fist objective in Cu Chi, than in the entire war historically>Fire off a whole mag without hitting an enemy right in front of you>Crouch in a bombed out house in Hue City while listening to a dude next to you drown in his own blood>Enter VC tunnel with your trusty 1911, turn corner and get point blanked by a sawed off shotgun>Hear the sound of your helmet and skull being penetrated by a sniper's bullet>Recongize the sound that the VC make when getting flame throwed from Rising Storm>Become squad leader and lead your men to their deaths becuase you have no idea what to do>Hide in a tunnel after the Americans took your control point, take cheap shots at recently spawned Americans making their way to the next objective, get suprised by the team commander who sprinted all the way from the back of the map to retreive you becuase you are a radio man and he wants to call in a missile strike, and run all the way back across the map with the team commander so he can use your radio>Constantly hear your team commander who is from Thailand yell ""RADIOMAN RADIOMAN I NEED RADIO"">Listen to actual Vietnamese people talk over the mic>Win a match as the VC and listen to a fellow team member blast Vietnamese Communist music over the mic>Perform psychological warfare on Capitalist Pig by yelling ""G.I. GO HOME!"">Defend rice fields>Decide whick AK varient to use. Russian original? Plastic Chinese copy? Chinese copy without stock?>Play as pointman and spot Punji Stick Trap. Tell the grunt next to you not to go through the door. He walks through anyway and you watch him get nailed in the back. Proceed through the door now that  the trap is disabled.>Spend the whole match walking around the outside of the map to get to the enemy rear. Die as soon as you get there.>Be the last man on the team and hide on the map border behind a rock and watch as the entire Vietnamese Army runs past you.>Kill commies for mommyAgain!Based off of what I have just listed off, you can tell I suck at this game, but it is still amazingly fun and I would cerntainly recommend it. Plus it's set in Vietnan and who doesn't love Vietnam?"
,Recommended,418460,32137689,Posted: 2 June,all,Survii Gecko,ANTIASS DEFENCES ARE ACTIFF
76561198166175991,Recommended,418460,32682762,Posted: 23 June,all,The King of Spades,"Whoa thought it was a nightmareLord it was so trueThey told me don't go walking slowThe devil's on the looseBetter run through the jungleWhoa don't look back to seeThought I heard a rumblin'Calling to my nameTwo hundred million guns are loadedSatan cries ""take aim""Better run through the jungleWhoa don't look back to seeOver on the mountain, thunder magic spokeLet the people know my wisdomFill the land with smokeBetter run through the jungleWhoa don't look back to see"
,Recommended,418460,32146518,Posted: 3 June,all,Dandarabilla,Nice mix of arcade and simulator with excellent atmosphere implemented over strong team based mechanics.
,Recommended,418460,32196769,Posted: 5 June,all,BigChiMinh,"This game is more authentic than phở bò and I'm VietnamesePros:The maps feels really genuine and accurateThe weapons are era accurated and feel solid(but not like squad, I would like a little more of a kick to it) and there should be more ww2 weapons since vc were farmersCons:Not enough mapsOne-sided >USA coz of helirape and spookyThe uses of coms don't feel exactly like squad and Arma. It feels more like CSGO or cod screaming music bullying etc xdDoesn't feel like 64 players but more like 30 players becuz half of them just f allPlayer movement doesn't feel smooth, sometime u glitch into the round by crown hong or proneConclusion:Fun game and add a longer timer for artillery and spooky air supports(rn everyone spams them very 5 mins)Remove team coms for everyone expect commandoNeed Higher respawn time to make ppl work together around 30-60secsMore ww2 weapons and more recoil to all the weaponsMore Bullets drops?"
76561197972940535,Recommended,418460,32344446,Posted: 11 June,all,Blackthorne,INTERNATIONAL HEALTH WARNING:  This game *WILL* give you PTSD.EDIT: And yet I keep coming back for the digital shell-shock...
76561198049875141,Recommended,418460,32070219,Posted: 30 May,all,Ed,"“Smell that? You smell that? Napalm, son. Nothing else in the world smells like that. I love the smell of napalm in the morning. You know, one time we had a hill bombed, for 12 hours. When it was all over, I walked up. We didn’t find one of ‘em, not one stinkin’ dink body. The smell, you know that gasoline smell, the whole hill. Smelled like… Victory. Someday this war’s gonna end…”"
,Not Recommended,418460,32095312,Posted: 31 May,all,Scum,"Overrated game, expected more. Game is still as buggy as the closed beta. Nothing new added."
76561198278506223,Recommended,418460,33511839,Posted: 13 July,all,(.-.),10/10 best PTSD simulator
76561198089580396,Not Recommended,418460,32117898,Posted: 1 June,all,Grue,"We're getting there when it comes to ironing out bugs. I can see myself getting hooked on this game within the near future.Balancing is still debatable, but it feels like it has more to do with being the designated attacker, which is often seen as US, more than one faction being much more powerful than the other.Soundwise it's getting to a point where you actively seek cover when being shot at, still needs tweaking with the bullets snapping past, but otherwise it sounds good.Kinda hate how sensitive the character is when it comes to vision blurring, even when it's something that shouldn't affect you, but that might just be personal preference.Movement is still a bit clunky from time to time, but nowhere near as bad as release.Love the custom maps, nd actually being able to be US as defender.Overall, will recommend within the next few updates, hopefully.(Old Review)Great potential, love the explosions. Looks nice and keeps most of the controls from RS.Still buggy as hell though, and doesn't feel quite finished yet. Feels rushed to meet the release date.Will recommend when they have patched it enough"
,Recommended,418460,32169616,Posted: 4 June,all,Vazul,"If you don't enjoy it, then give it another try.I tought it was♥♥♥♥♥♥when I first played it, but I actually fell in love with this game.Otherwise lol refund and gtfo ♥♥♥♥♥."
,Not Recommended,418460,32168084,Posted: 3 June,all,Cleetus (bone hurting juice),"-TL:DR at bottom-If you are on the fence about this game hear me out, fanboys with 200 hours why are you even reading reviews? This game suffers mainly from lack of content. For the main 64 player battles there are five maps. Out of those 5 only three of those are worth playing or the ones that get voted for every time. You get what you pay for though, if this game was priced higher it would be a bigger issue. They will (hopefully) be adding more maps in he future so if you're on the fence about this game give it a few months, let Tripwire iron out the game and give us new maps.Gamemode problems: SupremacyI think supremacy is just a bad gamemode. It is taken directly from the battlefield or call of duty games, maybe to attract that market, who knows. The mode is ""capture the flag points and hold them for longer than the other team"". Anyways, this mode really suffers when teams refuse to work together (something that has always plagued Red Orchestra series) and players just run to the next red flag to turn it blue, rinse and repeat. There are no incentives in points for sitting on a flag and waiting for the next attack, so the teams switch objectives with not much direction. As far as playing vietnam side on these maps, transport helicopter will be the deciding factor if the pilots know how to fly. They have the mobility to land in really half the map that have no points, and theres no incentive to watch these areas or any defence against the helicopters. Vietnam forces get one heavy machine gun in a static postion that helicopters avoid or bomb it to oblivion anyways. There are numerous places to land on these maps and most players of RS2:V can't be bothered to sit out the whole game in hopes of a helicopter landing in their exact spot.-TL:DR- wait for game polishing and more maps so you can avoid the bad Supremacy games"
76561198052389040,Not Recommended,418460,32577005,Posted: 19 June,all,Hezues16,"This game was released way to early with way to many bugs, and it has one of the worst game communities ever."
,Recommended,418460,32351986,Posted: 11 June,all,pek,"""I've seen horrors... horrors that you've seen. But you have no right to call me a murderer. You have a right to kill me. You have a right to do that... but you have no right to judge me. It's impossible for words to describe what is necessary to those who do not know what horror means. Horror... Horror has a face... and you must make a friend of horror. Horror and moral terror are your friends. If they are not, then they are enemies to be feared. They are truly enemies! I remember when I was with Special Forces... seems a thousand centuries ago. We went into a camp to inoculate some children. We left the camp after we had inoculated the children for polio, and this old man came running after us and he was crying. He couldn't see. We went back there, and they had come and hacked off every inoculated arm. There they were in a pile. A pile of little arms. And I remember... I... I... I cried, I wept like some grandmother. I wanted to tear my teeth out; I didn't know what I wanted to do! And I want to remember it. I never want to forget it... I never want to forget. And then I realized... like I was shot... like I was shot with a diamond... a diamond bullet right through my forehead. And I thought, my God... the genius of that! The genius! The will to do that! Perfect, genuine, complete, crystalline, pure. And then I realized they were stronger than we, because they could stand that these were not monsters, these were men... trained cadres. These men who fought with their hearts, who had families, who had children, who were filled with love... but they had the strength... the strength... to do that. If I had ten divisions of those men, our troubles here would be over very quickly. You have to have men who are moral... and at the same time who are able to utilize their primordial instincts to kill without feeling... without passion... without judgment... without judgment! Because it's judgment that defeats us.""Walter E. Kurtz"
,Not Recommended,418460,33912067,Posted: 30 July,all,=D= Civil,"RS2 is lacking the hook that keeps you playing it, you've seen pretty much everything the game has to offer after 20h.Also the game at it's current (and knowing Tripwire, most likely nearly finished) state is definetly not worth 20€.-Only 5 major maps-Bugs that have been around since the release of RO2 in 2011 and many new ones.-Poor hit detection that the developers are trying to sell as a feature, which I truly would love to get behind but it simply doesn't feel like an intended thing and usually ends up in quitting the game rather than need of getting better with the game mechanics.I have good stuff to say aswell, communication system has been enhanced a lot, game is beautiful to look at and new player roles bring a whole new level of gameplay in.All in all:Unfinished game that has potential is pretty to look at, but only enjoyable with friends after reasonable alcohol consumption.I would highly suggest not even considering buying it before the price goes under 10€.Author has 1300+h in RO2/RS1"
76561198050042833,Recommended,418460,35219689,Posted: 26 September,all,OVERLORD,"Devs,I love the game and thank you for making it such as it is :DBut I will suck your♥♥♥♥♥♥if you can please add a (waitnng to join list)   Ie, (64/64 - 3 players waiting in front of you)its so annoying having to constantly click to join, ""server full""  click to join, ""server full"" click to join, ""server full"" click to join, ""server full"" and so on for 10 minutes....other than that awesome game!"
76561198031726375,Not Recommended,418460,32511139,Posted: 17 June,all,WillBSaucin,"Just wait until they fix all the bugs in the game. Here are my gripes. Why do you have to mount an entry to a hut that is 6 inches off the ground? Moving from prone to crouch is bugged, it takes pressing the related command button possibly 3 separate times and leaves you extremely vulnerable in the field. In addition the hit registration in this game is flawed and absolutely frustrating. There are 8 maps, but only 5 are really played on servers, leading to boredom and repitition. Compound and Firebase are complete♥♥♥♥♥♥shows that are hardly enjoyable. The server browser menu is completely busted and dont expect to have smooth gameplay with ping over 120. I wish more gameplay features of RO2 were integrated into the game since its using the same engine. When i first began playing I thought it was great, but further away from initial launch it just seems worse."
76561197990926038,Not Recommended,418460,32098393,Posted: 31 May,all,Heresy,"Game seemed decent in Beta. They literally did exactly the opposite of the feedback i gave in the surveys. Maybe too many cod kids where in the beta waves.Im not suprised. This is the outcome when catering to casuals.If Tripwire had just stuck to its guns (Literally) and reskinned Ro2 or RS into a newer time and place this game would be sweet. Instead they kept the worst mechanics and bugs from previous versions, made lots of new problems and didnt improve on the formula which made RO series great games.Rising Storm Vietnam is the prerfect example of regression to casual masses and i wish the devs didnt cave so hard to little American kids."
76561197992674721,Recommended,418460,32080804,Posted: 31 May,all,DDD,"THE GOTY, NOT MUCH MORE TO SAY.tripwire knew had to make a fps since day 1, just trust this company like no other, they already proven themself enough (Killing floor 2, rising storm and red orchestra)"
,Not Recommended,418460,32230446,Posted: 6 June,all,Choppah,"Released far too soon. If your enjoyed RO1/2 and RS1 then I suggest you wait until the game is actually finished. The general lack of polish, bugs that shouldn't have made it out of beta, small selection of maps, and game mechanic issues are on full display despite this game being on the UE 3.5 engine that the devs should have already been familiar with.I am going to keep checking back after each patch but I truly believe the wait will be about 6 months to a year before this game is up to snuff."
76561197983623200,Recommended,418460,32094954,Posted: 31 May,all,HellSpawn,"Great game, great price tag"
76561198045869355,Not Recommended,418460,34330783,Posted: 18 August,all,Chief Choke-a-Ho,"I want to love this game so badly. I followed this game through the start of the closed/open betas and have never ran into so many bugs as I do in the released version. I'd even go as far as saying that they're game breaking.From weird graphical gliches like my character's arms and gun flying all over my screen as I try to aim down the sights or the gun on my screen starts shaking like crazy for no reason.  I also find that the optimization is horrible, I have worse performance than I did in the betas. Stuttering and low fps is what I'm getting all of a sudden, it's like I'm laggin but not because of my internet. Even if I put all the settings on low, it still acts the same as they would be in ultra.I'd like to also mention that I have exactly 500 hours in RO2/RS and never once ran into the issues that I am facing in the amount i've played RS2. I love getting immersed into these games but with the amount of bugs in RS2 right now, it's incredibly hard for me.I've been craving a good Vietnam game, but as of right now, I'm forced to watch this game be unplayed in my library until they fix the problems. Currently, this game to me is unplayable with the amount of game breaking bugs."
,Not Recommended,418460,34377579,Posted: 20 August,all,falseprophet,"no new maps, barely any updates except a few minor bugfixes, weak anti-cheat and a community which is getting smaller and smaller. i really like the game, but sadly the devs are starting to ruine it."
,Recommended,418460,32073772,Posted: 30 May,all,Rattlesnake8,"Rising Storm 2 is the most authentic Vietnam wargame you can play. Everything from the atmosphere to the sounds and maps are incredible. The amount of detail in the maps is top notch and if you are a fan of team based online first person shooters there is no reason you shouldn't own this game.There are a variety of classes which allows you play in different roles, using different weapons to help your team win. Each team can have a Commander who controls the battlefield by giving orders, calling in recon aircraft, artillery strikes etc. Squad Leaders provide markers for the Commander to call in artillery, provide foreward spawn points for their Squad and give orders to their Squad. Then the rest of the roles mean you'll be using your standard assault rifle, sniper rifle, machine guns, flamethrower etc.The maps are large and include a high level of detail. Fighting through the streets of a city or in the deep jungle are always entertaining and will have you on the edge of your seat. In some maps the US forces are able to use helicopters to transport troops and drop them in different areas of the map. This allows for tactics to be used on a wide scale across the map and not just at a squad level. A US controlled village could be contested and a Huey could land and drop off reinforcements, only to then be ambushed by a few VC who lay in wait.Gunplay is very satisfying. The sounds are authentic and you can take down enemies in one or two shots, but be warned, that also means you will be killed very quickly if you rush in. There is a wide variety of weapons and traps to claim victory by destroying your opponents.Rising Storm 2 can provide you with the most rewarding and incredible experience gaming offers. I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,418460,32873272,Posted: 27 June,all,[Sigmnt],love being america in vietnam
,Recommended,418460,32103183,Posted: 1 June,all,Tyler,9/10. Just needs more maps. I love tripwire though. Free DLC and mod tools. As long as they keep those principles I will be a fan.
,Recommended,418460,32072122,Posted: 30 May,all,Kasynk,"TL;DR:This game is so good I would consider it a steal at the current asking price even without discount, there's no excuse for not buying it, but be prepared since it's orientend towards hardcore gameplay.Full review:Somethings to take into consideration first... The person writing the review is a former Battlefield fan/player and a military and weaponery nerd. Bad Company 2 and it's Vietnam themed expansion pack is my favourite FPS of all time. At the time of Rising Storm 2: Vietnam release in 2015 I was already unhappy with the direction Battlefield was taking and was learning heavily towards more ""realistic"" FPS with less forgiving gameplay, since Bad Company 2 days of a ""harder Harcore"" mode were gone, I knew Rising Storm (the first one) was a good game that was fitting more my style than others FPS, back at E3 2015 I knew this was going to be a game that would suit my taste since Tripwire is heavily involved and Rising Storm, Red Orchestra 2 and Killing Floor 2 (and the first one too) are such good games. Well with this out of the way, let's start...Rising Storm 2: Vietnam take you to either be a US Troop or a Vietcong/North Vietnamese Army, you can either be a selection of different infantryman or helicopter pilot (exclusive to the USA), not going to deep into the classes but basically you can range from a regular rifleman with a M14 or M16 to a Sniper to a Flamethrower operator, there's also the Commander class for both faction with specific and different support options. Don't expect much to enter RS2 fresh and be an awesome Green Beret Rambo grunt killer, it's a hard game, and every weapon is different and specific, it will take you some time to get into them, you will most likely have your favorite class or weapon of choice, but more than once you will see yourself picking other classes or weapons to either feel them a little bit or to fill an specific role your team is in dire need of, specially the Commander class, this one need a certain grip and aknowledgement of the gameplay since it's a very important support class that can, for real, be the difference between a win or a loss for you and your team. The helicopter pilot class is divided in two classes, Combat Pilot and Transport Pilot, the first let's you either be a AH-1 Cobra or OH-6 Loach (Cayuse/Littlebird) pilot or the gunner on the AH-1 Cobra (you can too be a spotter as a OH-6 Loach passenger), Loach missions can be tricky, you'll fly around and the aircraft automatically spots hostile troops and update the map, as the Loach is armed with one M134 ""Minigun"" it's amazing at supressing and you can too be the Commander's personal chauffer and haul him above the battle ground for more precise use of the strikes habilities he have, the AH-1 Cobra has it's own tricks to fly but the mission is simple enough, the pilot and the gunner must rain hell in an area with enemy presence, pilot has unguided rockets and a slower firing-rate machine-gun and the gunner has a moveable turret with a 40mm Granade Launcher and a M134 Minigun. Transport pilots fly the UH-1 Huey, an airborne truck used as mobile spawn point for every troop in the game, they spawn as you are flying and you have to land somewhere so they can get out and fight, the Huey is unarmed for the pilot but have one M60D machine-gun on each door that can only manned by players, trick job since landings are not easy in this game since you are slow and low, plus you are a big-fat target for the enemies small-arms fire and RPG-7s.Infantry wise is as simple as can be, you are a grunt on the ground fighting for your side/faction, both sides have two factions with different uniform characteristics, the USA have the Army and the Marine Corps and the North Vietnamese have their Army and the Vietcongs (named National Liberation Front in this game). The US Army will be fighting in regular Olive Drab clothing, the US Marine Corps will be fighting in ERDL (the father of the M81 Woodland camouflage pattern), as for the NVA they will be fighting in some sort of onesies either in an brown-ish/tan-ish uniform or some weird-but-effective looking camouflage, VC/NLF looks like farmers/citizens/villagers, all sides and factions are fairly customizable as you progress into the game levels. The weapons, well... you can imagine, good old M16A1, M14, M60, M3A1, M40 (and more!) for the US side and a mix of soviet and french weapons for the Vietnamese like three different variations of the AK rifle, SKS, Mosin-Nagant and SVD as well as some french MAT-49 from their previously war with France. Pistols goes like this, US side have the 1911A1 and the NV side have the TT-33, simple enough. Don't expect the reload times to be lighting fast, they aren't. A actual hard point for me in the franchise are how the key behaviour, they feel kind clunky and unresponsive and sometimes they don't work at all, you'll have to really go for them or stop and dedicate your action for that, like for example, don't try to run and change your weapons, I've never saw it work that way. Every long gun also has it's own bayonet, for example the M16A1 has the classic M9 Bayonet while the Type-56 variation of the AK have the infamous ""triangle bayonet"".The sound effects are amazing and the fine animation details are good, it's not for nothing I easily jokingly call this game ""PTSD Simulator 2017"", explosions can turn the characters into bits, fire turn them into toasty corpses, as they are shot, they don't simply drop death, they agonize and scream for sometime until they finally die, making you feel bad and hopeless for the (virtual) guy, if you die from a headshot, your screen you simply turn black and you will hear nothing until the spawn menu comes naturally. The world seems very well constructed and the maps are fairly balanced making good use of each side specific perks. Another great thing the developers implement in their more recent titles (Killing Floor 2 and this one) is that if you press the reload key when the weapon is full it will trigger a animation of the character checking the chamber or playing with the weapon (that actually check how much ammo the weapon has loaded).At the moment of this review my two complaints are the instability on the framerate of the game (not a deal game and not a game breaker) and the supression system... See, it feels a lot like the [in my opinion] horrible supression system commonly encountered in Battlefield 3 and 4, the supression system [again, in my opinion] from the first Rising Storm feels much better and balanced. [added later: both improved since launch]As for the new-coming players, if you like games in the lines of Insurgency or Day Of Infamy, if you feel Battlefield, Call Of Duty or any other military don't suit you anymore, that you need a more hardcore feel to your military FPS, then this is for you, as for the veterans of the franchise, don't even blink. Another great point for this game is the price, I was expecting 40 to 60 US dollars pricetag on launch but no, it is priced at US$24,99 for the Regular Edition and US$29,99 for the Deluxe Edition, with a 25% discount during the entire pre-order.Tripwire Interactive and Antimatter Games are active developers and I don't expect the game to be forgotten after release, their previous titles receive a lot of aditional content post-launch and I wouldn't expect much difference from them on this one.Little last note, if you are new to this game, it's very important to be a team player, this is not a game that values much your K/D Ratio, your skill here is measured in cohesion and playing the objetive, shooting well and killing hostiles is very important, don't get me wrong, but it's far from your only and most important skill, don't be sad that you are getting killed a lot, it can be also a very casual game, in the sense that [from my experience] the community has a great sense of humor and are not salty ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s like in most online games nowadays."
,Recommended,418460,32078534,Posted: 30 May,all,[Jager]Cannon Fodder,"RS2:Vietnam is the best vienam war game ever!my 4 suggestions:1.More Factions such as South Korea, South Vietnam2.More outfits3.More Faces for characters4.More weapon optionsBTW I LOVE THE SMELL OF THE NAPLAM IN THE MORNING!"
76561198014244676,Recommended,418460,34704785,Posted: 3 September,all,Serigala,"Im a veteran RO2 and RS1 player and gotta say, Im enjoying this game very much despite several backlash. It is definitely on faster pace than the predecessors, due to the era's weaponry. The game is a realistic tactical shooter but not as hardcore as ARMA but certainly more enjoyable for me personally than bullet sponge BF series. |So far, the content are not many as the predecessor but the developer team are working hard on patches and  churning out new contents like maps, weapons, and factions in the future, although its not on fast rate as AAA games due to diffences on budget. But still, Its nice to have them later.I would definitely recommend this game to you guys who like pretty realistic tactical shooter with quite large map and especially vietnam era."
76561197987398797,Recommended,418460,33898231,Posted: 29 July,all,JJRimmer,"Rising Storm has always been a realistic shooter series. Vietnam is no different. If you have played the Arma series you will probably enjoy the dedication to war simulation, if however you are expecting a game like Call of Duty or Battlefield, prepare for a rude awakening to true simulated warfare.Be a sneaky VC and place a trap on a forest track to surprise the G.I.Burn out a village hut with a flame thrower as a Marine engineer.Hide in bushes and bayonet the enemy as one wonders past.Ride into the LZ on a Huey and pocket the rice fields with your M60.As commander, Call in Artillery and send pink mist across the enemies lines.Rising Storm 2: Vietnam is accurate, brutal, 64 Player Warfare.A tip for any new player, take it slow. Don't be a leeroy. Listen to your commander / Squad Leader and most of all, play the objective! If you come into Rising storm with the correct expectations you will have an amazing time, if you come into it with the wrong interpretation you will end up aggravated.The community is very active and loyal to the series. They can be very helpful but also rough on new players, especially if you refuse to follow those simply tips I mentioned. Be a team player and the team will be there for you."
76561198374318238,Recommended,418460,32331449,Posted: 10 June,all,Obsyas,"After every match that I've played, there's always one person on the North Vietnamese side who always says.""Go home GI.""But still! It's a great game, I recommend it."
76561198026473198,Recommended,418460,32070233,Posted: 30 May,all,Vulpes,The best Multiplayer game of 2017 and definitely the best Vietnam game out there!
,Not Recommended,418460,32276652,Posted: 8 June,all,Autismo Prime,"The game by itself isn't bad, it is just so empty. there's only two real gamemodes : Supremacy (a joke) and Territories.the third one is called Skirmish , and it's basically a 8vs8 deathmatch with objective in very small maps. i still don't get why this is a thing but w/e.Territories is the usual stuff , two teams : one defend objectives while the other capture them.Supremacy is straight out of battlefield : you have a really open map with 5-6 objectives and you need to capture some so that they give you point. little twist, though , the objectives need to form a link (so if you have a single objective in enemy territory it won't bring any points.)now, Supremacy could be good but saddly the game is a lot faster than other tactical shooters and spawning isn't made in wave (like in RO2) so usually you end up with 2-3 players engagements around the map and a huge battle going on in the middle (where most people go, since it's closer to spawn). As of right now, most player just rush to an objective , get killed by another player who will proceed to rush in , who will get killed by the first dude over and over again until the end of the match while ""real"" players capture everything.This is the same for Territories map. most people rush and die, and in a single match there's around 100 death per objective.The hype for this game was also with the new chopper system. spoiler alert, if the VC team isn't straight up ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ , the choppers will be useless : the LZs are either MILES away from the objectives (useless because the VC will hear the chopper and go toward it) or they will be camped. same for the recon aircraft (nobody uses it correctly and they kill noone). the only chopper with a real use is the cobra, and it got nerfed over the various betas so now it's more or less a flying freight train, each turn you take will drop you AT LEAST 20m closer to the ground (good luck trying to fly this thing while getting shot at !) (Special Mention : not being able to change your fly controls other than ""left and right controls roll or lean left and lean right controls roll)The sound design in this game is good, but it is NOWHERE near RO2. some sounds are good, but really the voice acting is ATROCIOUS (""Urh, 'getting a heart for this one"") to the point where the burning VC screams are just the japanese screams for RO2. and the biggest problem of all, the way sound is played does NOT reflect what's going on around your character. if you got shot in the back, the sound might come from in front of you. or on your side. sometimes the sound won't play at all. sometimes you hear someone die and when you enter the room you get blasted because no one died. sometimes the AC47 makes no sound so you don't know if you're getting shot at or not.now that we talked about the new mechanics and the maps and the sounds, the next big thing : the weapons.they suck. most of them do, at least, while some are completely OP. the american M16 for instance is a laser pointer of doom with no bullet drop and amazing stability. other weapons, like the M14 are completely useless (in this case if you can get the M14 you can also get the M16. why go for a worse weapon ?)Let's also mention that this game is heavily bugged (as of the patch 1.01 at least) and there's ""Hit Registration"" being talked about. having experienced them, it basically goes like this : you shoot first, all of your rounds hits. yet you die, and your enemy doesn't have a single wound. other times , you will shoot at an enemy and won't even see any dust or blood coming from the impact. is it a clever implementation of Project Eldest Son , or is tripwire just stupid enough to release a game that should still be in beta ? we will never know.Anyway, i believe this game should not be bought NOW. let me emphasize that, this game sucks right now because it has no content, but with mods coming and (hopefully) tripwire doing their job, it might get on RO2's level (although i have doubts about the sounds and voices being changed)"
,Not Recommended,418460,32208289,Posted: 5 June,all,Caboose,"Best vietnam game ever made? yes.Does it live up to the red orchestra 2 level of polish? no.I really cant recomend the game in its current state as it just simply does not feel as well done as RO2.I feel as it we were really taken advantage of with this game. There are a lot of little differences that i could go into but anyone who has played both games knows that RO2/RS1 is a far smoother and for lack of a better word, better game."
76561198039343297,Recommended,418460,32153708,Posted: 3 June,all,Manhole,"I recommend for anyone looking for realism, while it stilll being fast-pased and fun :)Been playing rising storm 1 for a long time, and comparing the two, this one is more nerve wrecking. Sounds are better. Artillary is better. Better weapons. You wont get as good a k/d as in rising storm 1 unless you are an MG gunner or teamleader. It is just harder to stay alive. But thats good."
,Recommended,418460,32074904,Posted: 30 May,all,Ragen Strongbow,Daddy's gonna skin him a commie tonight10/10 would flush charlie out of ratholes again
,Recommended,418460,32067483,Posted: 30 May,all,VVARHEAD,"Some folks are born made to wave the flagOoh they're red, white and blueAnd when the band plays Hail to the ChiefOoh, they point the cannon at you, LordIt ain't me, it ain't meI ain't no senator's son, sonIt ain't me, it ain't meI ain't no fortunate one, noSome folks are born silver spoon in handLord, don't they help themselves, noBut when the taxman comes to the doorLord, the house looks like a rummage sale, yeahIt ain't me, it ain't meI ain't no millionaire's son, no noIt ain't me, it ain't meI ain't no fortunate one, noSome folks inherit star spangled eyesOoh, they send you down to war, LordAnd when you ask them, ""How much should we give?""Ooh, they only answer More, more, more!It ain't me, it ain't meI ain't no military son, sonIt ain't me, it ain't meI ain't no fortunate one, oneIt ain't me, it ain't meI ain't no fortunate one, no no noIt ain't me, it ain't meI ain't no fortunate son, no no no"
,Recommended,418460,32304690,Posted: 9 June,all,Serpy Serperior,Go home gi
76561197991416093,Not Recommended,418460,32529371,Posted: 18 June,all,GrimGravy,The game in its current state is fun but buggy and with only a small selection of maps. I would recommend buying later once all the kinks have been fixed and more content has been added.
,Not Recommended,418460,32969554,Posted: 28 June,all,IIEmeryII,"I do not recommend this game yet. It is kind of lacking in content. I found myself mind numbingly bored within 4 hours of playing. If running the same non capricious rounds over and over again is your jams, this game is for you. If you crave a bit of variety, then do not buy yet."
,Recommended,418460,32066694,Posted: 30 May,all,Kona,GOOD MORNING VIETNAM
76561198045000812,Recommended,418460,32098255,Posted: 31 May,all,Exzerno,>Playing as U.S.>loses match>gets told to go home GI>leaves room for a break>liberal sister calls me a baby killer>goes to GF's house>walks in>cucked.jpegA true military experience :^)
,Recommended,418460,32090842,Posted: 31 May,all,🎃 spooky scary pet 🎃,"Good mooooorning Vietnaaaam!I just want to say that I love this game from the bottom of my crappy little heart. It's far superior than the previous titles, but keeps the same charm. If you want a real war shooter with the Nam' skin over it, this is your game.Pros:Extremely beautiful graphics and immersion: It actually makes you kind of feel like a Vietnam vet.Intense combat: I mean, Just watching your enemies burn from a napalm strike is probably the best feeling ever.Massive multiplayer: 64 battles, 32 on each side, it's ♥♥♥♥ing insane.Great optimization: I run this on Ultra with over 80 fps, It doesn't require alot either. It's just great.Developers: Tripwire are the MVP, super nice folks who really listens to their customers.Factions: You can play as a badass Murican' or as a Vietnam Commie, they're all different and special in their own way!Mehs:Community: From what I've seen, the community is a mixed bag. There is alot of really dope people, who really wants to enjoy the game as it is, a realistic war shooter. And then there's elitists/trolls. They're not that bad for most of the time, but they can get pretty damn salty, which results in throwing, trash talking, TK'ing, RQ'ing etc. But it's not CS:GO tier, so that's good.Cons:Bugs: There's a couple bugs here and there, like I've encountered a bug where I can't spawn, I've gotten BSOD's randomly (Which is the most concerning one) The server menu is bugged too, full games when it says it's joinable. But Tripwire usually fixes it pretty quickly.Maps: There's not alot of maps, at all. I know it's newly released, and I know Tripwire has spent alot of time fixing this game, which is awesome. But I really hope there will be new maps in future updates!All in all, this game is perfect for someone who enjoys realistic shooters, and GOOD OL' NAM'"
,Recommended,418460,32090394,Posted: 31 May,all,High Clarity,"Review written at 30 hours.Love the immersive feel of the combat and the community these Tripwire war games have had since Red Orchestra 2, and the low price point makes a few of the shortcomings much more bearable.Gunplay is fun, requires combat sense, staying low, suppressive fire, teamwork actually makes a difference and the helicopters are fun to both pilot and shoot down.Hoping they add a few more official maps over the lifetime of the game and that they can work out some of the minor bugs, but playing through R02's lifetime, I have little doubt Tripwire will do just that."
,Recommended,418460,32077829,Posted: 30 May,all,MYTHICAL|BANANA,Who doesnt love the smell of Napalm in the morning?A. Probably those filthy vietcong
,Recommended,418460,32231343,Posted: 6 June,all,NARQUOTIX,"Being a recent release we can expect the minor glitches here and there, and as someone who only has 990MB of VRAM available my experience is obviously an extremley supressed one, however even factoring this, the game is something extremly fun and entertaining. Just like Red Orchestra and Battlefield the main attraction here is killing lots of bad guys and having fun while doing so, however the role system and voice comms make the experience so much better. You can expect to produce gameplay that directly correlates to your personal alertness and skill, but at times your preformance and goals will depend heavily on the actions of your squad, team and most of all your commander. Is it worth the $20???... Yes. The product almost comes close to AAA standards but it isn't perfect. There are downsides here and there but they are so minor they aren't worth thinking about.NOTE:Refrain from letting your inner animal out, people may run into battle shouting racial slurs, and as comical as this is, it's not a healthy habit to develop. You are not really a war veteran, you do not have to carry that vibe into this generation's world."
,Recommended,418460,32304674,Posted: 9 June,all,Stattikkoman,Charliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee is under AttaccCharliee
76561198067071974,Recommended,418460,32093384,Posted: 31 May,all,X-BigDukeSix,"Charlie dont surf! Get this mother f-er. It's good.UPDATE: after 400 hours in this game I'll do a real review.The game adhere's to a close proximity of a realistic TOE from the war era. This in itself is appealing to me because it really emphasizes teamwork and proper use of the specialty weapons available. This may turn a few people off , especially those who want pink rifles, optics on everything and every weapon made till 1975, but for those looking for what was actually used by most grunts- there's the key- grunts- you'll dig it.  One of the main things i like is it limits anacronisms. There are some, but nothing terribly significant. If you are into the history and weapons of the Vietnam war, this is for you. If you know nothing about it, you'll probably be better off staying in Minecraft or CoD.Napalm. Yeah - Napalm. It doesnt just stick to kids it sticks to everything.AC47- Spooky will get you.Communist booby traps are for real and you'll step on at least one every game. Or ten.There are no superpowers for higher level players. You get cosmetic unlocks to make your toon look salty, but what separates players is their game skill, not boosted skills.Teamwork wins. When it's not there, you'll lose every time.There are some A-holes in pub chat which can be a turn off. I just mute them but Im hopeful as the community matures these people will disappear.If you have some knowledge of the war, the attention to detail in the small things will impress. Chieu Hoi broadcasts can be heard and the VC wear Ho Chi Minh sandals. The Citadel at Hue looks just like pics from the battlefield. VC wanted posters hang about. Graffitti on the walls. Cool stuff.  If you have a chance to looks around, the devil is in the details.just dont say mean things on the steam forum, the devs are snowflakes"
,Recommended,418460,32085206,Posted: 31 May,all,Onion Ninja,"My experience with the Helicopters in RS2 vietnam:Hop into AH-1 CobraHuey pilot tells me he’s landing by bravo, and to cover his approachI tell the loach pilot to fly over the LZ to scout for baddiesThe map ♥♥♥♥ing lights up with enemy positionsUsing my best southern accent I tell my team I’m coming in for a run,I swing from the east and dump ten rockets, get 6 killsCommander tells me to “♥♥♥♥ing get those gooks Onion!”Huey pilot “Yeehaws” loudlyHuey comes in on finalTroops rush out shouting “GET THOSE COMMIE ♥♥♥♥S”Huey lifts of the deckGets hit in the tail with an RPGStarts swinging around wildlyScreams “JOLLY GREEN IS HIT, MAYDAY MAYDAY, JOLLY GREEN IS GOING DOWN, WE’RE GOING-OH SHIIII-”ExplodesCommander yells “Jolly!, nooooo….”“God damn you gook ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s!” I cry outSwing my cobra around and work those VC until I don't have any rockets leftStart using my canonCopilot gets blasted out of the front seat by a RPDThe cockpit is now spattered with blood,In one final act of americanness, I smash the carcass of my helicopter into the VC’s main, getting 2 kills.In chatGohomegi4471: wtf? I spawn and a heli just crashes into me?!?!?"
76561198093509634,Not Recommended,418460,32107407,Posted: 1 June,all,Arcticfreezi,"Before I state my opinion, I think it is worth mentioning that I absolutely love this game. On to the review.Rising Storm 2 is the sequel to the original, Rising Storm, being an expansion to Red Orchestra 2, an absolutely fantastic WWII title aimed for the hardcore fans of the fps genre, trying to make the game feel as realistic as possible while still managing to keep the game fun and refreshing every time. Years later, they come out with Rising Storm 2, a game centered around the Vietnam war, with lots of major updates to the gameplay such as air support, a new and improved squad system, and lots more. While this is great and all, I do feel like the game does have a couple of issues that not many people, if at all have adressed. The game balance, to be honest, feels off. Matches seem to be very one sided depending on the map, with either the Amercan or Viet Cong side absolutely stomping the other. Weapon balance feels a bit off too, with many Viet weapons feeling slightly underpowered to the American counterparts. While it does make sense historically, this doesn't mean that either side should have a clear advantage over the other, taking away from the fun aspect of the game, because at the end of the day, it is a game, and things shouldn't be unfair for one side or the other. Not only that, but the spawn system seems a little flawed too, forcing the American squad leaders play like cowards so that their squad can push a point, and Viet squad leaders being forced to play mining simulator to set up a spawn point. I think squad leaders on the American side should have the ability to spawn on allies, and as for the Viet side, maybe give them the same mechanics as the current American spawn mechanics and buffing tunnels a bit so that they don't become irrelevant (Such as faster spawn time if you decide to spawn on a tunnel). I do realize that the game will be getting constant updates, with new maps, features, and so on, I just hope that maybe the base content can be given one more look to maybe fix a couple of things. The game has a lot of potential, but it isn't quite there yet."
,Recommended,418460,32111138,Posted: 1 June,all,Ojii-san Vain,"Felt depressed than was watching ""Forest gump"", ""Full metal jacket"" or another film about Vietnam? Good, cause now you can try this atmosphere by yourself."
,Recommended,418460,32206642,Posted: 5 June,all,GIULI1933,"I played all the previous games, Red Orchestra 2 was even one of my earliest games I played on steam.The biggest criticism so far is the lack of atmosphere compared to the older games.  All games were inspired by WW 2 movies, ww 2 movies are sad, gray and generally give of a darker vibe meanwhile Vietnam movies like Platoon and Full Metall Jacket usually have a self deprecating approach.While in RO 2 the player hears violins and sad choirs, in Vietnam the player listens to an electric guitar and 70s rock.That explains the biggest issue that veterans have, its not the game itself but the setting change.The game itself is fantastic from all parts including gunplay to the new squad additions."
,Not Recommended,418460,32174497,Posted: 4 June,all,Avering,"Right now I am going to downvote the game, just because of the lack of maps and the bugs currently present. There will be an SDK which will help the map situation, and a patch is already in the works, but you should hold off on purchasing the game until at least the latter comes out.The game in and itself however is great. Not really noobie-friendly, you die a lot before learning to notice a good cover, or just being able to keep your eyes open, but when you get into it, it's a really enjoyable experience."
76561198112106288,Not Recommended,418460,33267395,Posted: 5 July,all,electromongol,"i'm a huge fan of RO/RS series, but i really regret that i preordered thisGame isn't complete, it will take a century to fix all the problems, the old bugs from RO2 is still here too. I am more than certain that this game is just a quickie to get some money, do not buy it in current state, or better don't buy it at all"
,Recommended,418460,32235930,Posted: 7 June,all,mad chops,"We landed at Qui Nhon to have our tank topped off to its 1200-pound, 200-galloncapacity before the flight to An Khe. Beneath the overcast sky the air was hot andmoist. The smell of human waste drifted from the sand dunes beyond the concertinawire that bordered the runway, apparently part of the city's latrine. I saw peoplesquatting among the dunes and shreds of paper drifting in the breeze. We stared liketourists at the people we had come to save. A young boy wiped himself with a barehand and then licked same."
,Recommended,418460,32166780,Posted: 3 June,all,1st RVR | 247-0006-0001 'Jimbo',"One of this years best games.When the floors not turning blood red, I'm painting it black! An I think I am the fortunate one to have bought the game with its soundtrack and extra content.There are so many moments where you are like: ""Hey, now. What's that sound? Everyone look we are going down!"" As a Ddshk clips the rotor of our helicopter, sending it into the trees. Then it's better to run through the jungle, because, hey joe, the VC watch all along the watchtower. Then you get shot 75 metres away by a double barrel shotgun and you call your team trash and leave the server."
,Not Recommended,418460,33292863,Posted: 5 July,all,HorizonBC,Not enough maps. Its gets old real quick to the point I now only enjoy the custom maps which in some cases play better than the base ones.
,Not Recommended,418460,32168348,Posted: 3 June,all,FoD-eLeMeNt,"Too clunky, the engine used is too outdated."
,Recommended,418460,32937351,Posted: 28 June,all,Thoros of Myr,this game gave me PTSD within the first few minutes.it's amazing.10/10
,Not Recommended,418460,32093852,Posted: 31 May,all,0V3RKILL,"Shows about 2 to 3 hours of me playing this game but Ive been playing this since the closed beta days. Anyway looks amazing and plays very nice and it performes great. having said that, I give it a 2 stars out of five and thats why its a thumbs down. The gameplay doesnt feel at all like a red orchestra. At this point I rather play RO2 than this to be honest. The squad system still useless cause you never hang out with your squad. Your squad leader is always going one way and you are forced to go somehwere else cause there's no way to spawn on him and the game has no revive. So expect to play this on your own a lot. I honestly thought this was going to be more fun to play than ""Squad"" and it is NOT."
76561198053942611,Recommended,418460,32069237,Posted: 30 May,all,Udder Disaster,Smells like napalm in the morning
76561198146738103,Recommended,418460,32084507,Posted: 31 May,all,CrouchingToasterHiddenPastry,Nothing like shooting someone's heart out at 300 meters because you think you saw a bush move
76561198022850869,Recommended,418460,32077572,Posted: 30 May,all,Jack Reace,"Do you know what a m-97 flamethrower sounds like? It roars like a dragon, a fiery god purging everything in its path. Hold down the trigger and the whoosh drowns out everything else. Focus on the noise and you can almost convince yourself you don't hear the screams. By the time the tank is empty, everything is over, even the men are quiet. There's nothing but the crackling of burning thatch. You see, it's not the noise that keeps me awake at night. It's the silence."
,Recommended,418460,32066827,Posted: 30 May,all,Mad Murdock🇦🇺,Rising Storm 2: VietnamThis game sucks but put on a veitnam soundtrack and it a 10/10 mastapicei tell ya
76561198067278758,Recommended,418460,32227217,Posted: 6 June,all,FuzzyPooka,"As any Red Orchestra veterans already know- a Tripwire FPS is a project, the initial release merely the framework for years of patches, community and developer maps, and additional content. Accordingly, Rising Storm 2 is a little barebones currently. This is of course part of the healthy $25 price tag (+$5 for an additional copy for a friend, a fantastic deal and promotion). But even at release, I heartily recommend the newest iteration in historical, asymmetrical, and realistic large scale shooters.The game is graphically very similar to Red Orchestra 2, using the same engine, I believe- but with upgrades. Character models are improved, as well as sky boxes and overall dynamic lighting. The jungle terrain is especially good, as well as vastly improved explosives and particle effects. Overall, I wish more work had been done to improve the graphical fidelity of the game, it looks dated especially compared to Frostbite and CryEngine shooters. The game runs well, with no significant frame drops even when in heavy combat. Aesthetically, I appreciate the UI, which clearly uses red and blue markers, and helpfully disappears when not needed. The menus are clear and navigable (except for the server browser, which refuses to update, forcing me to enter far too many assumably open servers, to be hit by a delayed 'server is full' message). Unfortunately, I think they missed the mark with colorful and modern 'Team Symbols', very stylistic renditions of the American eagle and Communist star.Audio wise the game is functional and crisp, with sharp gunshots and booming artillery. VOIP works perfectly, and the ambient battle noise and radio chatter is effective. The Vietnamese soundtrack is fantastic, but this is completely offset by the terrible American score, which uses bland and mellow rock music, completely contrary to the Vietnam score I expected. The voice acting is atrocious, with a generic Vietnamese announcer who speaks fractured English (""A is being attack!""). The American soldiers all sound bored and monotone. Such poor performances are off putting in an otherwise fantastic game. Finally, the menu music is CCR's ""Running through the Jungle""- great, but not on loop. The song plays once, then the menu is quiet.Negatives aside, gameplay is where RS2 shines. Taking cues from the original Rising Storm, the two factions play very differently and are strong in very different areas. The Vietnamese are ambushers, hiding from reconnaissance planes when crouched and many classes able to lay traps. The squad leader lays a 'tunnel' which serves as a spawn point, meaning squads can assault from behind enemy lines. The Americans dominate the open ground with attack helicopters, and can also deposit entire squads anywhere on the map with transport choppers. They play similar to the conventional RO factions, spawning n their squad leaders, as the commander directs napalm strikes and other area denial methods. As such, a team which fails to play to the strength of their faction often fails, and one team usually has a vast advantage in certain situations.Gunplay is still very rewarding- enemies satisfying falling to well aimed shots, or the cacophony of suppressive fire which feels amazing to lay down, and terrifying to be under. Because both factions rifleman sport automatic weapons (the M16 and AK47), urban and CQB combat is far more prevalent and chaotic than the reactive, bolt action fire of RO2. The classes are diverse and interesting, requiring skill and practice to fully master all of the tactics available. The cover system is fairly buggy, oftentimes aiming does not automatically 'peak' your weapon over cover as advertised, requiring you to obnoxiously stand up. Additionally, the classic territories mode (essentially a mix of Conquest and Rush from battlefield) always see the Americans on the offensive. Besides from being boring (never being able to try offensive Vietnamese or defensive American tactics), the US is not particularly suited to offense, as in Rising Storm. The numerically smaller force (having pilots not on the ground) is then forced into a slaughter as they attack.It may seem as though I've spent a lot of time complaining, but community feedback is vital to improving the game over the next few years. Rising Storm 2 is a fantastic tactical shooter, with great asymmetrical team play and a good base for future content. But, new maps are essential, as well as switching up the teams for attack and defense, and of course- patches. Unfortunately, the game still looks dated (though improved), with atrocious voice acting and a bland score. Absolutely recommend."
,Recommended,418460,32418730,Posted: 14 June,all,panc,GO HOME G.I.https://youtu.be/-URQrU_j9lk
,Recommended,418460,32101180,Posted: 31 May,all,Monte Melkonian,This has to be one of the best if not the best game out there for vietnam era combat. The mechanics are well designed and implemented in ways where it takes the guesswork out of the game and lets you play. Not a single shooter I have played so far has implemented the over-the-wall steadying/resting feature as well as this game. You don't need to press anything. you go up to a wall and the height is adjusted appropriately for you to begin laying down the wrath of god towards the enemy. I could not recommend this game more.
76561198155958333,Recommended,418460,32078648,Posted: 30 May,all,TheSpekldorf,just bought it. fought in 3 battles so far. died many times. killed 2. never saw a single enemy soldier.love it so far.
,Recommended,418460,32369169,Posted: 12 June,all,infestedRabbit,"one of a kind tactical fps , needs advance play, no room for CoD play style. battlefield series are arcade near this game.if you run you die, if you dont run in time you die. fire without taking cover you die, dont listen to your commender you die. eventually if you dont die for objective you loose. this game rocks. worths buying it. i recommend it for mature players which can communcate well in game."
,Recommended,418460,32092015,Posted: 31 May,all,E ϟ T L A N D,This is a great game aside from me having to restart my computer every single time I play due to the game crashing my computer even though my computer specs meet the system requierments. You better fix that♥♥♥♥♥♥right now bih
76561198253750206,Recommended,418460,32082025,Posted: 31 May,all,SuperJoshuaMan,Nam
,Recommended,418460,32089483,Posted: 31 May,all,Adfrost,Spoilers: GI GO HOME!!!
76561198057152072,Recommended,418460,32113462,Posted: 1 June,all,FIRESTARTER,"Hey guys this article might help you after playing this game:Treatment for PTSDThe main treatments for people with PTSD are psychotherapy, medication, or a combination of the two.  Everyone is different, so a treatment that works for one person may not work for another.  Some people may need to try different treatments to find what works best for their symptoms.  Regardless of what treatment option you chose, it is important for anyone with PTSD to be treated by a mental health professional who is experienced with PTSD.PsychotherapyCognitive Behavior Therapy (CBT):CBT is a type of psychotherapy that has consistently been found to be the most effective treatment of PTSD both in the short term and the long term. CBT for PTSD is trauma-focused, meaning the trauma event(s) are the center of the treatment. It focuses on identifying, understanding, and changing thinking and behavior patterns.  CBT is an active treatment involved the patient to engage in and outside of weekly appointments and learn skills to be applied to their symptoms. The skills learned during therapy sessions are practiced repeatedly and help support symptom improvement. CBT treatments traditionally occur over 12 to 16 weeks.Main Components of CBT:While different CBTs have different amounts of both exposure and cognitive interventions, they are the main components of the larger category of CBTs that have been repeatedly found to result in symptom reduction.Exposure therapy.  This type of intervention helps people face and control their fears by exposing them to the trauma memory they experiences in the context of a safe environment.  Exposure can use mental imagery, writing, or visits to places or people that remind them of their trauma.  Virtual reality (creating a virtual environment to resemble the traumatic event) can also be used to expose the person to the environment that contains the feared situation.  Virtual reality, like other exposure techniques can assist in exposures for treatment for PTSD when the technology is available. Regardless of the method of exposure, a person is often gradually exposed to  the trauma to help them become less sensitive over time.Cognitive Restructuring. This type of intervention helps people make sense of bad memories.  Oftentimes people remember their trauma differently than how it happened (e.g., not remembering certain parts of the trauma, remembering it is a disjointed way).  It is common for people to feel guilt of shame about aspects of their trauma that were not actually their fault.  Cognitive restructuring helps people look at what happened with fact to get a realistic perspective on the trauma.What is CBT? Listen to this podcast.It is important for anyone with PTSD to be treated by a mental health care professional who is experienced with PTSD. Some people will need to try different treatments to find what works for their symptoms.Description of Specific CBTs for PTSD:Cognitive Processing Therapy (CPT) is a form of CBT that utilizes cognitive therapy to evaluate and change trauma related thoughts.  CPT focuses on the way people view themselves, others, and the world after experiencing a trauma.  Often times inaccurate thoughts after a trauma keep you stuck and prevent recovery from trauma. In CPT you look at why the trauma occurred and the impact it has had on the persons beliefs.  CPT focuses on learning skills to evaluate whether you thoughts are supported by facts and if there are more helpful ways to think about your trauma.  There is strong research support showing CPTs effectiveness across a wide range of traumas.Prolonged Exposure (PE) is another form of CBT that relies more heavily on behavioral therapy techniques to help individuals gradually approach trauma related memories, situations, and emotions.  PE focuses on exposures to help people with PTSD stop avoiding trauma reminders.  Avoiding these reminders may help in the short term, but in the long term it prevents recovery from PTSD.  PE uses imaginal exposures, which involve recounting the details of the trauma experience, as well as in vivo exposures, which involve repeatedly confronting trauma-related situations or people in their life that they have been avoiding.  There is strong research support showing PEs effectiveness across a wide range of traumas.Eye Movement Desensitization and Reprocessing (EMDR) is a form of psychotherapy that involves processing upsetting trauma-related memories, thoughts and feelings.  EMDR asks people to pay attention to either a sound or a back and forth movement while thinking about the trauma memory.  This treatment has been found to be effective for treating PTSD, but some research has shown that the back and forth movement is not the active treatment component but rather the exposure alone is.Stress Inoculation Training (SIT) is another type of CBT that aims to reduce anxiety by teaching coping skills to deal with stress that may accompany PTSD.  SIT can be used as a standalone treatment or may be used with another types of CBTs.  The main goal is to teach people to react differently to react differently to their symptoms.  This is done through teaching different types of coping skills including, but is not limited to, breathing retraining, muscle relaxation, cognitive restructuring, and assertiveness skills.   There is modest research support showing PEs effectiveness across a wide range of traumas.Other PTSD Treatments:There are other types of PTSD interventions that are not considered CBTs.Present Centered Therapy (PCT) is a type of non-trauma focused treatment that centers around current issues rather than directly processing the trauma.  PCT provides psychoeducation about the impact of trauma on one’s life as well as teaching problem solving strategies to deal with current life stressors."
76561198036180917,Recommended,418460,32068614,Posted: 30 May,all,Parker the Americanator,"Like napalm? Like white phosphorus? Like killin' gooks? Well, you'll love this game!"
,Recommended,418460,32944091,Posted: 28 June,all,Panther,Well after 200+ hours I hafto say this is probably the most intense war game ever made... it's not without it's bugs but with frequent patches that should all get fixed fairly soon.Recommended for fans of Red Orchestra.
,Recommended,418460,32091178,Posted: 31 May,all,Satoverlord,"If you are a RO2/RS1 veteran than you can skip the following parts——Welcome back/RS2 is worth your money/You know what to do(mostly)If you are new to the franchise, then you probably wanna know:Rising Storm 2 is a hardcore realistic shooter. You will die, a lot, before u learn the basics of the game. You will die from bullets out of nowhere, napalm, mortar, flamethrower, RPG backblast, etc etc. There's no HP bar or some auto-recovery ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.To put it simple: You get hit, you die. (most of the time) (if u somehow survived u hv to use ur bandages)You will soon learn why you should keep ur head down and ur body low.The game is balanced. From a certain aspect, it even ditched the weapon upgrades unlock from RO2/RS1. Everyone gets to use the same weapons.unlike BattlefieldTeamplay is a major part of the game. A good commander with good squad leaders can be all the difference between a win and a lose. In a sense, the system is similar to that of BF2, although with much more to offer. If you are new to the game, please do everyone a favor: watch and learn.TL;DRRS2 is a realistic balanced PTSD simulator with a very steep learning curve. With the new Vietnam theme, introduction of new elements sparks new tactics and strategies to explore.8.5/10 Worth to buy if you like war history and enjoy a decent FPS with a heavy stress on teamwork."
,Recommended,418460,32079888,Posted: 31 May,all,ＤＥＣＵＲＩＯ,You haven't lived until you've gunned down at least twenty gooks with an M60 from the side of a Huey while blasting Surfin bird down the microphone.
,Recommended,418460,32086841,Posted: 31 May,all,Croissant,is pretty good
,Recommended,418460,32180598,Posted: 4 June,all,Volvo Enthusiast Chriso,Napalm Sticks to Kids!
,Recommended,418460,32067279,Posted: 30 May,all,(noob)cobra,Welcome to the rice fields
,Recommended,418460,32146675,Posted: 3 June,all,Tex Mex,"uggh, rice 6 to rice actual overroger that rice 6  this is rice actual send over.we have spotted half a dozen rice moving rice-rice at a pace of rice, breakthe rice seems to be carrying rice to the forward operating rice, request permission to rice, over.Roger that rice 6,wait one.this is rice actual to rice 6, message over.rice 6 to rice actual send over.rice 6 i am vectoring the first rice brigade to your rice to assist you in your rice.roger that rice actual.RICE ACTUAL THIS IS RICE SIX, MESSAGE OVER.this is rice actual send over.RICE 6 IS UNDER HEAVY RICE AND REQUEST A RICE-STRIKE ON GRID RICE-RICE-RICE RICE-RICE. OVERroger that rice 6 rice on the wayricespashthis is rice 6 good effect on rice, request permission to move in.confirm rice 6, ricespeed.the transcript above is a real time log of two units from the rice liberation front and the army of the rice republic in action against eachother in the ricefield. this could be you if you buy this game.rice be with you soli-RICE-der"
,Not Recommended,418460,33628101,Posted: 18 July,all,seventh down,"If you live anywhere in Asia, forget about buying this game.When I want to play a multiplayer game, I open the game and I browse for servers, and find a decently filled server anytime I want. 3am in the morning, sure. 8pm in the evening, why not.This is not the case for this game. Tripwire doesn't host official servers there, the playerbase is very low. You still get players there, but guess what? 3 people in a 64 player map. They only get filled when it's during the evening, and now it's withering.I want to take over the entire Hue City, but it's occupied by one Viet Cong, and the entire armed forces of the US military consists of two people.This is one of those games I regret purchasing, honestly."
,Recommended,418460,32068992,Posted: 30 May,all,Koyle,You never feel save in this game one moment you are running with your buddies trough a rice field the next second you see all your friends burning on the ground from an american napalm strike with you being the only survivor and hear american voices right in the next trench...
76561198218456000,Recommended,418460,35017428,Posted: 17 September,all,HavoK,Great Game. My first game that I've had in the rising storm series but it is very well made and very detailed.  Feels very much like a historical simulation
,Recommended,418460,34940385,Posted: 13 September,all,ΣＬΣＴＲＩＫ,good
76561198102038871,Recommended,418460,35131807,Posted: 22 September,all,puckhead,"Good shooter. Some hit reg problems and could use more maps but overall a buy. TWI is still tweaking it and fixing things. Nowhere near the amount of hackers that CSGO has and since this game requires more skill and teamwork, not as much of the #pewpew crowd like CSGO."
,Recommended,418460,34847149,Posted: 9 September,all,Nuka,GI go home simulator.
,Not Recommended,418460,32066988,Posted: 30 May,all,Rooks,"First things first, I just want to point out that this game is fun, and if you're new to the franchise, then it will be a great game for you. I've enjoyed some of the hours I had put into the game, but in it's current state, it's pretty unstable and feels lacking when compared to Red Orchestra 2/Rising Storm. Reason why I'm giving this a thumbs down is because the game felt a bit disappointing, lately every extra hour I put into the game, it just feels like I'm finding more flaws. The game's release was clearly rushed, too."
,Recommended,418460,32159013,Posted: 3 June,all,Sergeant FeF,"YouSmellThat?DO YOU SMELL THAT?...Napalm, son. Nothing else in the world smells like that. I love the smell of napalm in the morning. You know, one time we had a hill bombed, for twelve hours. When it was all over I walked up. We didn't find one of 'em, not one stinkin' dink body. The smell, you know that gasoline smell, the whole hill. Smelled like... victory. Someday this war's gonna end...But no. This war never end and i like this... and love this game."
,Recommended,418460,35483619,Posted: 4 October,all,Hulk Hogan™,"Well done Vietnam tactical FPS. Enough realism to add gameplay depth, yet not too realsitic to be a sim. There are minor gameplay issues and such at the time of this post (10/4/2017) but they are easily over looked. Overall a good budget game. Biggest bit of advice is to please use a mic if you play Squad Lead."
76561198082383679,Recommended,418460,32070306,Posted: 30 May,all,Rogue Ice,"Best ""farmers with AKs vs Super power"" simulator"
,Recommended,418460,32268890,Posted: 8 June,all,Cream <3,go hom gi
,Recommended,418460,32066553,Posted: 30 May,all,InsanelyOrange,"(see conclusion at the bottom for a tl;dr)Intro:Similar to the previous titles in the series, the developers are attempting to find the sweet spot between arcade shooter and military simulator. This time around, it feels they’re in about the same place. I have played ~75 hrs of the closed beta waves and roughly ~12 hrs of the open beta.Rising Storm 2: Vietnam is not a simple reskin of the Rising Storm/Red Orchestra series, the core gameplay style still exists but much around that has been changed; for better or for worse.Graphics/Performance:Graphically the game is quite nice to look at even though it runs on the older UE3. This is mainly due to the default vibrant colour scheme, lighting, foliage and lovely first person weapon models. Low quality textures can still be found throughout the maps, mainly those of rock and earth surfaces (such as tunnel interiors). These lower quality textures do not take away from the overall fidelity of the title. Inside the graphics settings, offers a plethora of options similar to the previous Rising Storm including different lighting effects to change the general colouring of the game, with an added LSD filter for those wanting an impossible and wacky challenge. Performance wise the framerate can be noticeably jumpy, similar again to the previous titles. With my current rig (specs listed at the bottom of this review) I usually stay within 70-110 fps depending on my surroundings. Stuttering is another performance issue the sequel has carried over from it’s predecessor. At least for me, stuttering isn’t common and hasn’t yet affected gameplay. One of my favourite parts of the game is the ragdoll effects. It’s quite pleasing to kill someone and watch them slump to the ground with realistic weight. This however isn’t always the case as sometimes the ragdolls bug out and can either spaz out on terrain or fly into the air.Controls:By default, most of the usual settings an experienced player may be familiar with are not enabled. Upon first launching the game, you will be presented with an introduction menu that allows you to tweak specific controls such as;  Manual Bolting, Team colours (being faction specific or your team always being blue), Defaulting semi auto fire mode on spawn and several other useful boxes to check and uncheck. You can also choose between the RO2 and RS2 default keybinds, I personally use a mix of the two. FOV, numbered sensitivity sliders and other useful features are present.Gameplay:Gameplay is extremely similar to RO2 except almost everyone will have a fully or semi auto firearm. This can sound like an issue but with suppression, sprinting and damage effects; medium to long range firefights can last longer than one may assume. Close range battles being the exception of course. The game plays similarly to the previous titles except for some tweaks. There is no longer a cover system, unlike RO2/RS2 where hitting ctrl would lock you to a piece of cover. This was taken out due to the difficulty of adding it for mappers and it’s general lack of use. This also means that you can no longer blind fire around cover and there will be no AI, so take that as you will. Maneuvering over cover can be a bit of a mixed bag at times due to some trenches not having perfect terrain features.Gameplay issues:(These issues are present as of publishing this review)-One of the major issue that will be felt in the coming weeks is there are only 5 maps (worth playing, there are 2 or 3 others that are 16 player specific maps). This will probably lead to players getting burnt out of the game semi quickly, the community mappers/devs will need to produce quality maps to combat this.-Attempting to play the game with friends can be challenging, there is no squad system for outside of servers and no queue system for joining servers.-Like in the previous games, hitting sprint before finishing the mantling animation can cause your character to give up mantling part way through which can be annoying. There are also places on the map where cover can’t be fully mantled over due to terrain issues.-Bipods can be tricky to use properly. In order to use a bipod you need to be crouched behind an obstacle and a darkened bipod symbol must be showing. Then just aim down sights and your character will mount the bipod on the piece of cover. This doesn’t always work on all windows, railings, rocks and terrains of varying heights. Most times, you will attempt to use the bipod but instead pop out of cover without having used the bipod while getting the indicator that you’re resting your weapon on the cover, rather than mounting your bipod on it.This is a bug I recorded that somewhat demonstrates the issue:https://youtu.be/MTsj2S-XLAY?t=28s-Traps, which are one of the Vietnameses key weapons are a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to place at times. Two of the Three traps (the Punji Trap and Tripwire Trap) need to be placed in soil. The game seems to have trouble with what is and isn’t soil. This leads to frustration by having to play hot and cold with the game to figure out where you can and can’t lay a trap. The MD-82 Mine (which is the least common of the traps) does not have this problem, as it can be placed on any terrain. Vietnamese Tunnels, which work as spawn points also must be dug in dirt and suffer on certain maps of this issue.Weapons:RS2 has a good range of firearms and ammo types/loadouts/weapon variants to choose from. Mainly, the only classes that benefit from the ammo loadouts are the grenadier class on the US side (for different amounts of smoke, HE or shotgun rounds) and the classes that have the ability to use shotguns (for different shot types). The vietnamese have many russian firearms to chose from, some stemming from WW2 such as the tokarev, mosin and ppsh. Along with more modern era rifles such as; AK variants, the sks, SVD and RPG. The US side has what you’d expect; M16, M14, different variants of shotguns, the grease gun, flame thrower, m60 and a bolt action marksman rifle.For more detail, visit:https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=844599526Audio:The audio is decently done, distant firefights can be heard throughout the maps and weapon audio sounds good. There is some debate over the weapon audio, some feel it could be better and others are content with the current state. Decide for yourself herehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k4Kn2zrmz3AThe voice acting quality is also up for debate among players. It seems though, the majority agree that the voice acting leaves much to be desired. A few lines of dialog are a bit corny but all other lines of dialog are generally ok. There is no native language voice acting option for the vietnamese like in RO2/RS2. I’d conclude with general audio quality is under par with previous titles.Conclusion:At the price point of $32 CAD or $23 USD I’d say the game is a fair price point for what the game has to offer. Just don’t expect to push over 80hrs like I have without getting burnt out from time to time due to the lack of maps and gameplay bugs/issues. For veterans of the series, this is likely a must buy even though it may not live up to your expectations; with future updates it might surpass the previous titles. New players to the series, I’d recommend looking at gameplay and more in depth reviews about gameplay mechanics and control style before throwing your money down; it’s likely the first 10 hours may be frustrating for you but don’t give up.Generally, RS2 is a good game and has launched in a more polished state than RO2 did. After some more love and polishing it may surpass the previous titles. I recommend the game.EDIT:Specs:i7 6700kgtx 1060 6gb16gb ram"
,Recommended,418460,32921586,Posted: 28 June,all,Equaliser,This game turned me into commie hating racist
,Recommended,418460,32075802,Posted: 30 May,all,Legitzkrieg,Almost so intense that it's not fun.ALMOST.
76561198002212159,Recommended,418460,32139902,Posted: 2 June,all,Headless,Most fun death simulator I have ever played.
,Recommended,418460,32313172,Posted: 10 June,all,Biggs25,"A great addition to the Rising Storm Franchise!I have played a total of 5 hours at the time of this review. But with that being said I feel that it was plenty of time to try out each and every weapon, map, class, heli etc. I watched videos on youtube for some time deciding whether or not to just buy it (Kinda already made my mind up anyways) but I don't regret doing so. I will make things brief with the Pros and Cons.ProsWeapons and customizationSounds and atmosphereFairly balanced Helicopters Combat/TransportRO2 Control presetFactions Fairly BalancedCons64 slot servers need optimizationAnimations can bug out sometimes(Rare)handful of maps and gamemodesLacks the ability to configure a joystick/controller for Heli controls (from my understanding so far)Now with all this being said I am running on a I5-7500 w/ GTX 1060, Game optimization for the most part is rather smooth at ultra settings but it can get frustrating when you have to restart the game everytime you change even the smallest of settings lol. I mentioned the 64 servers needing optimization simply because there are times when the game will just freeze for a good 3-4 seconds, but not often. and i've never experienced it on the 32 servers. Some will say that this game still feels like it's in alpha/beta but I don't agree. Overall, everyone's personal preference is different. If you're a fan of the Franchise and have been debating on getting this game, don't hesitate just get it and try it out. It's fair priced and the quality is there. See ya'll in NAM!!!!"
,Recommended,418460,32895490,Posted: 27 June,all,poto,Buen juego donde tienes que aniquilar a empresarios chinos explotadores que utilizan niños para fabricar iphones.Tiene napalm 10/10.
,Recommended,418460,34844326,Posted: 9 September,all,You Know I Had To Do It To Em,Now when i see a camp fire or hear fireworks i get Vietnam Flashbacks
,Not Recommended,418460,32155479,Posted: 3 June,all,Jig,"If you catch it on a 50% off sale it's a decent buy I guess. The novelty of the Vietnam setting wears off pretty quick and what you're left with is a typical team-shooter built on an aging engine. What could have been a step forward for the franchise is only slightly better than some other franchises' Vietnam cash-in's. Aside from the setting, there's just not much this game even comes close to doing as good as any other modern tactical shooter on the market.Buy If: You want to shoot things and shout quotes from Full Metal Jacket until the novelty wears off.Don't Buy If: You're expecting any real level of depth, communication, and teamwork. There's nothing new or groundbreaking here, and for a game released in 2017... it doesn't even try to keep up with what we expect from a team-based tactical shooter these days."
,Recommended,418460,32068998,Posted: 30 May,all,Honey Badger,"When you first start playing you will die, alot and then you'll die more. One or two shots with any weapon will kill you. Learn the map, the pace of the game and where the battle lines get drawn per objective. Then you'll have a great time.Way better than Battlefield 1. No grinding for weapons!The only thing that may let it down is the graphics. Playing on Ultra with everything on I think it looks pretty good. I get constant over 60fps with GTX1060."
,Recommended,418460,33752227,Posted: 23 July,all,Podporuchik,"""How are you, G.I. Joe? It seems to me that most of you are poorly informed about the going of the war, to say nothing about a correct explanation of your presence over here. Nothing is more confused than to be ordered into a war to die or to be maimed for life without the faintest idea of what's going on. Isn't it clear that the warmakers are gambling with your lives while pocketing huge profits?"" - Hanoi Hannah, 16 June 1967The game needs many bugs to be solved (crouch glitch and hit detection issue), more maps, weapons and vehicles to be added, but it is still true succesor of Red Orchestra and i think game developers will solve these issues sooner or later."
76561198020218617,Recommended,418460,32118777,Posted: 1 June,all,John F. Kennedy,>Become commander>Got greasegun> Ambushed gook position> Mow them down without mercy>Yell at gooks telling them to go home instead of the other way around> call in napalm on my position>Watched gooks burn to death in front of me>Go home and play this game10/10 would feel like a hero again
76561197982950406,Recommended,418460,32883010,Posted: 27 June,all,Vamandrac,"Rising Storm 2: Vietnam offers a realistic tromp through the jungles of southeast Asia that is really fun and yet can be frustrating at the same time.  The game looks and sounds amazing and when napalm or an arty strike lands near you will probably get some PTSD.  Each team has its own unique set of roles and weapons that players can use, but the devs have done a great job of making the game balanced despite the US forces having superior firepower in many cases.If you are use to more ""traditional"" shooters, then RS2 will probably be a shock to your system as the devs have tried to promote communications and tactics over run and gun.  This means that if you are looking to be an army of one then you should probably steer clear of this game.  Using your brain wins the game just as much as your aim and firepower.  It is critical that you work with your squad and the commander if you want to be successful on the battlefield.Although I do recommend this game it should be noted that as of this writing the game still has some bugs to be ironed out and the map selection is very low.  Despite this, the devs seem to be working hard at fixing issues and adding content in the near future.  So if you are looking for a realistic shooter based on a war that doesn't get much attention these days then RS2 should fit the bill."
,Recommended,418460,32194239,Posted: 5 June,all,L E G I O N,Great game
,Recommended,418460,32066506,Posted: 30 May,all,DJ Big Moist,"A great improvment over the old game. The era music is a nice touch to the game.This game is a great way to bridge fast paced shooters and slow military sims. It can be a little relentless at times but thats part of the charm.The skirmish mode is a great way to ease yourself into the genre without it being too overwhelming.The weapons feel great ( the flamethrower still makes me cream), the map design is solid and immersive. this game is everything you could want.There is no sinlge player so its a little dispointing but i think the $30 price point justifies that decision.i give this game a 8.5/10 and would totaly recommend fans of the shooter genre to buy."
,Recommended,418460,32066455,Posted: 30 May,all,Quadrospazzed Fetus,I love the feeling of flashbacks in the mornin'
76561198078115731,Recommended,418460,32876371,Posted: 27 June,all,[Mugg-Tan] muggeW,SL1! PLACE A TUNNEL!
76561197989834367,Not Recommended,418460,32432812,Posted: 15 June,all,Rear,"Wouldn't recommend buying this unfortunately - even if you're a fan of Red Orchestra 1/Red Orchestra 2/Rising Storm 1 like I am.Buggy as hell (even compared to RS1) - random CTDs everywhere and weapons getting stuck mid-animation all the time leaving you with no option but to suicide via the game console. Sometimes your hands disappear altogether.Imbalanced weaponry - the US weapons seem far superior and the AKM for the Vietnamese fighters in particular seems like half of the bullets randomly disappear (at least in RS1 the lack of plentiful automatics for the Japanese was countered somewhat by banzai charges). Shotguns have ridiculous range and damage, similar to the trench gun in RS1. Pistols do crazy damage too.Mediocre music - seriously this is kind of where I expected the game to shine and capture the 'feel' of Vietnam.Poor sounds - especially the sound of grenades hitting the floor because you can't tell if they're right at your feet or way out of range, smoke grenades sound the same as explosive grenades when they hit the floor. A lot of the US voices are cut right from RS1, whilst the Vietnamese voices are just downright terrible.Graphics are ok, but the game has nothing on similar historical shooters (Battlefield 1 being the one I expect most will compare this to).Only 7 maps as far as I can tell (although two of those are so bad that most servers have disabled them) and they kind of feel like they were supposed to be used in RS1 but they decided to roll them over to the next game. Seriously, Tripwire, five maps upon release is NOT acceptable for the price of the game and expecting your community to make maps so you don't have to is detrimental to your reputation.It's nice that you can customise your character a bit in the game now, but this brings in further complications about how to tell friend from foe. The worst of this comes in the form of the camo boonie hats which are a pre-order bonus that you can use straight away on characters from all four factions, but make it horrendous when trying to pick the right targets to shoot at. Thankfully a lot of players have stopped using them quite as much.Traps are actually very fun but again sometimes buggy (for example if you shoot a claymore from across the map you die from the explosion despite the distance involved).Helicopter controls are not great - at least for mouse and keyboard.A good variety of steam achievements and some of them are very fun.Overall score probably 6/10. May increase to 7 or 8 with bugfixing and more maps."
76561198204981089,Recommended,418460,34208180,Posted: 13 August,all,chewypillow,"After playing the game for a little bit I decided to do a review.The game is overall decent. The graphics are nice, gameplay is amazing no doubt the best vietnam war game out.I love the intense fighting as both sides clash together all over the map its just amazing.Dont complain about how the game ""looks like a xbox/ps2 game"" and how the servers are laggy  when you have a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ computer that couldn't run roller coaster tycoon. Not one time while playing this did I ever lag. Maybe look at the sevrver before you join. If you are in the U.S join a U.S server same thing goes with UK and EU and maybe you wouldn't lag so much.The only problem I have had with this game is team killing, call of duty fanboys who talk nothing but♥♥♥♥♥♥the entire game about how ""bad"" you are, ""Meme War Veterans"" which are children who take the game way to serious and scream in the mic over every little thing that happens, which is every game dont get me wrong. Team killing is not that big of an issue but, I have joined in a few servers where people just team kill for no reason and it ruins the fun of the game. They should also add in jeeps and tanks and a few bigger maps.Overall I rate the game 8/10 worth every penny."
76561197989358141,Not Recommended,418460,33492863,Posted: 12 July,all,Rhugor,"Game is a buggy mess, with an elitist and obnoxious player base that can be pretty toxic at times. Each patch leads to more bugs and a lot of issues with crashes and glitches (This last patch caused me to crash every time I joined the server). I have played RO1, passed on RO2, and enjoy these types of ""psuedo-realistic"" games, but the supremacy gamemode is super lame, and the main game mode of terroritories (attack and defense) has 3 maps. VC and US sides never change their roles, the classes and weapons feel highly unfinished, aka the MGs are near useless because they set the temperatures too high on some maps so the barrel warps almost immediately; and there is a particularly frustrating bug with going prone that makes you get stuck in a loop of crouching, then going prone again, and repeat, and just gets you killed as you can no longer control your character. The devs have said ""they'll get to it sometime in august""... ♥♥♥♥ing really guys? There just isn't any content beyond the most shallow of levels, and this game currently feels like a functional but very rough Beta. I had fun, but kinda regret paying my $20.Spend your money elsewhere, there is terrible server lag lately, and the player base is quickly disappearing."
76561198047617787,Recommended,418460,34017686,Posted: 4 August,all,Shabba Ranks,"poo poo pc reviewall my settings on lowest. stock maps usually give me between 55 - 30 frames depending on situationmost custom maps are much better in terms of performance, usually get 80 - 70 framesrs2's slower paced nature means that super high frames and super low ping arent too much of an issue outside of cqbgoodcharacter customizationoverall pretty balancedlarge variety of custom maps, some of which are excellenteasy transition from ro2couple of populated servers in pretty much every regiondevs, while slow, are working and have discord where one can talk to themevery class is fun. riflemen are by far the most applicable class to any situationbadbeta maps released by devs eat poo poosome custom maps eat poo poo4 stock mapsstill a few bugs remaining1 song in menuVC players always screech ""go home gi"" in public chatsummaryeven if u have a poo poo rig comme moi, youll probably be alrightyeah, its got bugs. yeah some maps eat poopoo. even so the game is a blast, and things like that will only ruin your experience if you let themthe best vietnam war video game out right now"
,Recommended,418460,33620532,Posted: 17 July,all,[0 Coy] Rare BANZAI!,"Riders on the stormRiders on the stormInto this house we're bornInto this world we're thrownLike a dog without a boneAn actor out on loanRiders on the stormThere's a killer on the roadHis brain is squirmin' like a toadTake a long holidayLet your children playIf ya give this man a rideSweet family will dieKiller on the road, yeahGirl ya gotta love your manGirl ya gotta love your manTake him by the handMake him understandThe world on you dependsOur life will never endGotta love your man, yeahRiders on the stormRiders on the stormInto this house we're bornInto this world we're thrownLike a dog without a boneAn actor out on loanRiders on the stormRiders on the stormRiders on the stormRiders on the stormRiders on the stormRiders on the storm"
76561198123750698,Not Recommended,418460,33297104,Posted: 5 July,all,SOAR_Lt_Titan,"I am kinda disapointed, while it is a decent game per se, its not like the old ones, its not very tactical and there are many rambos."
,Not Recommended,418460,33607708,Posted: 17 July,all,Ballista,"I was wondering why pilots in this game fly like kamikaze, crashing their birds every slight chance, flying upside-down. So, I connected my thrustmaster hotas and saitek rudder pedals expecting to strafe some bad charlies and ... o.m.g. this game does not support even simpliest joystick controller... no freetrack/tracker support either.I wonder if they had a single quality assurance ""pilot"" guy that actually played any other helicopter game or ever seen a joystick. And if they had one, then I'm talking to you QA guy: How did you allow them to release it without joystick support? You have no soul!The game that features helicopter flying and does not support joysticks should have a big red flashing banner saying that you won't be able to enjoy flying.Ok, now, I think that this game is to be great when devs fix  bugs and add joystick and headtracking support. Untill then the game gets negative review. I'm tired of buying games just to discover that they are 80% ready.Update: Nothing really changed after updates. Great potential but mediocre realisation."
,Not Recommended,418460,32128834,Posted: 2 June,all,Charles Maynard,"As someone who puut quite a lot of time into the previous games such as RO:2 and RS1. I have to say it isn't a bad game, its priced reasonably. Futher I was a part of beta and alpha testing and the game has some what changed, but still feels 'betaish'.Pros:- The overall feel of the game is authetic.- Good use of the Vietnam setting.- Good gameplay mechanics.- Good character cosmetics.- Decent gameplay.Cons:- If you're looking for anything as authentic and as brutal as RO:2 and RS:1 this probably isnt for you. By no means is it a bad game, its just lacking.- Very small map selection.- The new squad mechanics really do not work well if people are not willing to lead and use the role properly, and at this point, hardly anyone does.- Squads can also be heavily specialised or not, which is problematic considering a sniper can be added to a squad of pointmen, having no real harmony in spawn or squad man power.Do I recommend this game? At this stage, no. The price is good, however the community needs to first work like it did with RO:2 and RS:1. Without the maturity and regular players the game becomes heavily dysfunctional and matches are not as fun as they should be.However if you wish to just have some fun with something new, then yes I would reccomend it. Yet if you are a seasoned Red Orchestra player then no, as you'll feel lost and frustrated.*UPDATE*After playing with friends for several hours, it becomes easier and better to play however, the problems of squads and the 'hardly expanded' classes I still would not recommend!"
76561198033547065,Not Recommended,418460,32445202,Posted: 15 June,all,Der Propeller,"I so wanted this game to be good. Being a big Red Orchestra 2 fan, I even bought it in its Beta version. Was really looking forward to it. But I find it impossible to hit. It depends so much on your latency.If I had got a cent for every time I encountered somebody, we both shot, and only I fell into the dirt, I would have my money back already. If this issue is solved, this can be a really nice game. And more maps would be nice."
,Recommended,418460,32800925,Posted: 25 June,all,battlefield4newbie,much actionsuch wowarma meets casual fps = rising stormno crosshaircamping everywhere12/10 would play again
,Recommended,418460,32070568,Posted: 30 May,all,Jenó,"Triggered my PTSD , 10/10"
,Recommended,418460,32792142,Posted: 25 June,all,Uncle Hank,we are a runnin outta thyme
,Recommended,418460,32503583,Posted: 17 June,all,AusMerc,"So far I have 20 hours on record which I believe is a reasonable amount of hours required to write a review on a game like this.For starters I do recommend this game however there are afew issues. The game lacks maps and has afew gameplay issues that I will point out. The game has afew issues with balance and gameplay. Some Full-Auto guns feel more accurate then Semi-Auto and there are some majorly overpowered weapons like the double barrel shotgun which can 1 shot people at 60 meters without properly aiming. Theres also a team killing problem in the game, many grenade kills are team kills. Now this issue with TKing may be simply because the game is less then 1 months old and people are still learning how to play the game properly.As far as the 2 factions South and North Vietnamese go they seem balanced. The North gets access to Infinite respawn points (tunnels) whereas the South Vietnamese(US) get access to Air-Craft that can assist them from above. Their aircraft can perform napalm strikes, recon, suppressive fire and transport.Roles:Grunt: The Grunt is a basic role that you would usually want to play as if you are new to the game or if the other roles are taken. Their weapons are the Rifles.Pointman: Pointman can detect traps and dissarm them and also spot enemies for your team. They use Submachine guns or shotguns.Machinegunner: This role utilises their weapon to keep the enemy suppressed so that your team can move forward without worrying about return fire.Marksman: The Marksman makes use of Sniper rifles which are used to pick off prime targets from a distance.Combat engineer: Use a flamethrower to clear out trenches and bunkers.Grenadier: Use a thumper to blow up enemies behind cover.Radioman: you have a radio on your back that commands can use to call in support.Commander: Call in support such as napalm strikes, Artilery strikes, Recon ect.Combat pilot: Pilot the combat vehicles that are used to conflict major damage on the enemies.Transport pilot: Fly a transport chopper to take a bunch of team mates behind enemy lines, The transport chopper also has door guns on them.This took 5 minutes to write."
,Recommended,418460,32416653,Posted: 14 June,all,Max Rebo,PTSD Simulator 2017
,Recommended,418460,32069123,Posted: 30 May,all,Drew_Phantom,-Gets headshotted-Restarts computer-Realizes my computer didn't black screen-Game is just realistic10/10 would napalm againBut in all honesty it is like Battlefield but actually really fresh and new and puts a huge emphasis on your squad and how a small group of soldiers can turn the tide of a battle.
76561198006125695,Recommended,418460,32353219,Posted: 11 June,all,PointBlank,Most enjoyable online FPS / team based game i've really liked in a while.Great game play also looks and plays well.Got that Vietnam feel in spades.
76561197993514531,Recommended,418460,32103704,Posted: 1 June,all,BazookaDan,"It is rising storm. Tough, realistic, and awesome. Felt like a real fire-fight."
,Recommended,418460,32088912,Posted: 31 May,all,Artyom Volkov,I'm freakin love smell of tha napalm burnin' ricefields.
76561198072214893,Recommended,418460,32089026,Posted: 31 May,all,BAKERFIRE,I  hate those VCs.
76561198190561579,Recommended,418460,32110421,Posted: 1 June,all,Fluffy Otter,"""Where am I heading?""""What should I do next?""""Who's shooting at me?""""Ah crap, it's friendly fire!"".......... One eternity later:""Look what we got ourselves there, it's a magical vietnamese tunnel!""""Yup! Let's camp there and do some real damage!""With another eternity later.... that match ended up with a KD ratio of 10:1.Quite Realistic.Great game 10/10!"
,Recommended,418460,32098913,Posted: 31 May,all,Nightrader,"This is fantastic.""The Americans are too busy staring at the ground, while the Vietcong are too busy staring into the sky."""
,Recommended,418460,32068227,Posted: 30 May,all,Skronash,SHUT UP AND TAKE THE PAIN! TAKE THE PAIN!!!
76561198082590901,Recommended,418460,32125731,Posted: 2 June,all,Sigmar,"I've been quite tired of the way avatars in modern shooters juke and jerk around wildly with WASD. My immersion tends to break whenever I see players slide around maps like Lucio on a Dance Dance Revolution expert track. So, in steps Rising Storm 2: Vietnam, one of the more realistic shooters I've played in recent years.Concisely put, I realised that though deaths are plenty in this game--you never really feel frustrated. I didn't lose an engagement because I didn't WASD hard enough or I didn't flick my crosshair over some dude's head as quick as he did. I lost it because I was out of position, or stuck my head out to get an artillery mark for my commander... Or some other totally acceptable reason.Failure in this game doesn't frustrate. It pushes you to consider what went wrong in that particular scenario. Pincer moves by the enemy, a trap you didn't pay attention to. It makes you learn. This is a game that makes you think. For instance, initially as a sniper I was dying way too much and too quickly to be of any use to my team. I was engaging enemies head-on the moment they appeared in my scope. Soon I figured I should belly-crawl slowly in the rice fields, along the flanks of the enemy. I let multiple enemy squads pass me as they advanced to the main ditch at Cu Chi, where they hunkered down against the suppressive fire of my own squad. At this point I lay prone inside a thick bush, and began picking off the commander and the American squad leaders at leisure.This game is full of deaths and failures that if taken in the right spirit, can lead to very rewarding outcomes. While there are times to rush objectives and storm fortifications, this is also very much an FPS for patient thinkers."
,Recommended,418460,32110441,Posted: 1 June,all,Beowulf,Best game in the series but needs offline mode
76561198037031882,Recommended,418460,32157285,Posted: 3 June,all,Nuvo,"They told me don't go walking slow,The devil's on the loose...Better run through the jungle"
,Recommended,418460,32116881,Posted: 1 June,all,iron_man_109,"This series has always had clunky controls but once you get used to it its duable. Realistc style of gameplay, time to kill is very low. Also need to be very accurate and use semi auto in almost all encounters. Camping is your friend on defending (duh), and attacking is a slow march up the hill. Territories is by far the best mode (basically rush on Battlefield. Prepare to die by your teammate, or a napalm striken or artillery of your own. Did i mention you die alot?"
,Recommended,418460,32081949,Posted: 31 May,all,Keyzee,"If you give this game a bad review just because you can't hit anything or die repeatedly, please play the game for longer than an hour. This isn't a game about instant gratification, it's about team work and objectives.If you don't want that kind of game, don't give it a bad review just because you're a call of duty, run and gun, kill everybody type of player.This is a great game though. The guns feel and sound phenomenal, especially the AK variants. The maps are all fun and seem well balanced, if the teams are well coordinated.With headphones on you will poop your pants. Hearing that F-100 fly over your head and napalm slamming right in front of you, burning your friends to a crisp as they scream for their Mum in a language you don't understand.Oh and don't forget the subtle rock music being played in the background as you sneak through the forest, makes you feel like you're in a FMJ. Amazing soundtrack as expected from Tripwire."
76561198073820745,Recommended,418460,32172341,Posted: 4 June,all,Wiremu,PTSD simulator 2017
,Recommended,418460,32070902,Posted: 30 May,all,[SCP]侍Phil295CZ侍[66pp],"Awesome realistic and tactical FPS shooter in Vietnam war times, with many helicopters, weapons and maps. You can customize your own character. Very good game !!"
,Recommended,418460,32259744,Posted: 7 June,all,Agent,GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD MORNING VIETNAM!Go home GI Simulator 2017https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i8a3gjt_Ar0
76561198018600022,Recommended,418460,32130540,Posted: 2 June,all,Kashyyyk's Finest,"This game is EPIC.If you have played Arma and been in the middle of battle. that intesne feeling? It's like that but almost all the time.Lying just behind a fallen tree trunk, gunshots making the ground kick up around you, cracking over your head. A comrade screams nearby as a bullet tears through his gut. You lean out, snap off a few more rounds, then jump back behind cover. ♥♥♥♥ it. Here goes the grenade.BOOM.Running out of cover, dodging the flying arm blown off a shoulder, jump into the trench. An enemy shoots out from a small alcove, BAM, you headshot him.But not before being shot in the leg. Sliding into the alcove you bandage up your leg, and spot the machine gun he just dropped.Picking it up, you limp down the trench line, out of the corner a yelling soldier bursts out of cover shooting, you fire wildly with the new gun, TCHAHAHAHAHA, Tchkuck. Your head explodes and your body falls limply to the ground, admist the sounds of explosions and not so distant gunfire. The fantastic sound track begins to play...This game is immersive and fun to just jump into.Good luck."
76561198205851379,Recommended,418460,32155181,Posted: 3 June,all,пЭс,"Я не играл в первую часть,поэтому не могу судить игру полноценно,а так мы получаем BF 4 во Вьтнаме,только более тактичный и реалестичный."
,Recommended,418460,32121187,Posted: 1 June,all,AirborneGamer,"Great game built by a quality team.  If you like RO2 or Rising Storm, get this now!"
,Recommended,418460,32146174,Posted: 3 June,all,Kootwigs,Battlefield + Arma = Rising Storm 2: VietnamTHIS GAME IS UNREAL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,418460,32272583,Posted: 8 June,all,The Fishiest Fish,Great Game! Little hard getting use to for a new player but is fun once you get the hang of things!
,Recommended,418460,32076711,Posted: 30 May,all,KaiBR,"Easily the best Vietnam game there is.- 32 v 32 (64 Players) combat.- In the future we are getting free DLC.- Community content will be added.- Workshop will be added- Authentic weapons are in the game.- The way the game balances both US and Viet Cong forces is great.- For the most part the community is great.- Helicopters are in the game and they fly great.- Gunplay is great.- Immersion is great.- Not the best graphics but they are still decent enough that you can feel immersed and on some of the maps the art style is really great so the dated graphics don't matter.- Gore, tonnes of it (can be turned off).- Best full fledged Vietnam War game I've played.Think of this as Battlefield and Arma/Squad put together in a Vietnam War setting, it is wonderful, I recommend this to anyone interested in either."
76561198011543805,Recommended,418460,32323741,Posted: 10 June,all,NapalmBreeze,"One of the best 'Nam shooters ever made. Tactical, immersive and aesthetically pleasant. A 2017 must-buy!"
,Recommended,418460,32335258,Posted: 10 June,all,Negative,"Get some of that hot and sexy napalm on rice field action with Rising Storm: Vietnam, where you don't have to go to Vietnam to to get Vietnam flashbacks and you can enjoy the smell of napalm, all day, every day."
76561198361248578,Recommended,418460,32108842,Posted: 1 June,all,Sproutmanv2,"Ummm, 1 1/2 hours and I only got 21 kills. Game is great, I'm just bad. 10/10 would spend 15 minutes crashing helicopters on the training range again."
,Recommended,418460,32430949,Posted: 15 June,all,Tigris,"Game of the year 2017Don't listen to the bad reviews the people making them either expect the game to be like call of duty, can't run the game or say that there are not enough unlockables (try playing the first rising storm)"
76561198034297555,Recommended,418460,32092392,Posted: 31 May,all,ChanandlerBong,"Graphics arent amazing, recoil is realistic, weapons are great. The game is hardcore. It isnt battlefield or call of duty, so dont lie to yoursewlf going into it. If you do, youll end up like all the other dorks that bought it, died running around out in the open, and then wrote a review here complaining about the ""Sniper Fest"" when theres a max of 2 per team...Theres a couple glitches i noticed, like a random street light that pops out didmembered feet and hands...yeah... but not too much to make this game bad. honestly a patch can fix all the issues its having. It is a day after launch after all. I havent had any of the frame rate or performance issues any of the negative reviews are complaining about, so maybe its time to upgrade your pc?"
,Recommended,418460,32788388,Posted: 25 June,all,DEUS VULT,"A true upgrade from RS ! the only thing I miss is the banzai charge haha.It is really more balanced than RS because both teams have now automated rifles, but it is always the americans that have the advantages in this game. M16's, choppers, shotguns!Viets are gifted too, they have AK's, traps, camo, climbable stuff.It's funny how they kept the screaming sound of the japs burned by the flamethrower, they just added that to the death sounds of the VC, thought it was funny :)Do not except any really really beautiful graphics because they are not, of course they are great but could be better.If you played RS you will familiarize yourself pretty quickly with the new controls, for example : the cover system is not there anymore.Very hardcore, more people communicating and less less noobs and TK's. Enjoy this materpiece just like it's predecessor...9/10"
76561197994405120,Not Recommended,418460,32078106,Posted: 30 May,all,40ozBOUNCE-imok-,"It's not good and the devs are bad. Remember this isn't a tripwire game, this is a budget $5 game they're charging $25 for.The controls are terrible.Try placing a tripwire on vietnam's side. You hold m1... don't hold it long enough and it cancels. Hold it too long and it starts placing another one.Place c4 on american. place it. Search for clacker that isnt clearly marked. c4 goes off prematurely.Try to play SL. See mass amounts of enemy in distance. Fumble for binos. Try to mark for arty. Nothing happens.In regard to the fumble part. This is a PC game. We don't NEED 3 items on ONE button. What terrible design.Great game."
76561198103973530,Not Recommended,418460,32488214,Posted: 16 June,all,Ody,"This is a unfinished game. So many bugs still not fixed.The optimization is trash like, and package loss is so often even when I connect to a server with below 50 ping. This make the gaming experience even worse because you will have big trouble landing your shots on the enemy.#01.07.2017 UPDATE#After the recent patch, it got even worse. The game frequently freeze. Sometimes it can recover and sometimes it will lose connection with server. On some servers, even with 70 ping it still lags. Even BF4 at its first release was in a better state than this game. Seriously, I thought BF4 was the worst, but RS2 proved me wrong."
,Recommended,418460,32069231,Posted: 30 May,all,Cipher,"Go home, GI"
76561198083653417,Recommended,418460,32135440,Posted: 2 June,all,Father Extreme,You mean to tell me this game is only $25Has no gay DLC's or crates?No skins and stupid pay to win options?AND a really good development team?Đếm tôi trong
,Recommended,418460,34744719,Posted: 4 September,all,fugro,get in the cap zone
76561198180015925,Recommended,418460,33569852,Posted: 15 July,all,LagzIntensity,Great Game!
,Recommended,418460,32101148,Posted: 31 May,all,✪ Jesus,This game is a great experience for me and I recommend this to any fps fan
76561198093504084,Recommended,418460,32125255,Posted: 2 June,all,birkners,Great looks and real Nam experance. not for the easly frustrated
76561198072008740,Recommended,418460,34849657,Posted: 9 September,all,SoFloAnthony,If you're a patriot like mah self you'd get this game
,Recommended,418460,32078559,Posted: 30 May,all,Wimly,"Not bad! But I was hoping for the full Red Orchesta experience in the form of content, but the gameplay and maps we were given do a good job for the price asked. The gameplay and gunplay are well done and the atmosphere and enviornments are on point. My only issue is I feel the amount of guns and maps are lacking. Why allow me to choose the loadout for my class if I can only use one gun for each of my classes? I feel like 4 Maps (For the 64 Player large scale) and two (16 Player) maps don't get the job done well enough. Other than that, it's a solid game (with some bugs) and it's a really good time!"
,Recommended,418460,34206046,Posted: 12 August,all,Rand,"Great game, very fun and balanced, at first I thought I'd only like playing the South cause of the helis and more firepower but it's equally as fun playing North. I'd recommend it to people who played RO2/RS and also battlefield players. It's very immersive. Can't wait for all the updates, this game is amazing. Buy it and help the developers!"
,Recommended,418460,32225530,Posted: 6 June,all,Woah...,Fun fun fun fun fun:Ppl actually playing the objective in a shooter???!Holy ♥♥♥♥.Play this.It's 20 bucks idiot.
76561198370666198,Recommended,418460,32226043,Posted: 6 June,all,Dizzyy,"Honestly, if they never touched this game again and left it as it is, it would still be well worth the 30 dollars you would have paid for it. As any new game, there are VERY SMALL bugs that are hardly gamebreaking, and you will see people on here nitpicking about certain things.  They have already annouced the first patch and it mostly addresses it all. Cover bugs, server stutter, all being addressedThe overall experience is one of a kind. Those that have played Rising Storm or Red Orchestra will feel right at home, as well as a few welcomed more realistic changes to gameplay. The maps are extensive, somewhat destructable, and you find yourself in such intense firefights across maps that it literally gets your heart pumping. The weapons are realistic, the rounds are realistic shooting through materials such as wood or concrete.Now the sound. Honestly this is what got me to review the game. The sound is absolutely amazing with headphones or good speakers. The artillery sounds amazing whether it be in the distance or right next to you. Its very bassy and you almost feel it your chest. The FLIES!. I swear i sat in my house for about two days thinking i had a massive fly that kept buzzing in my room and it was driving me crazy. Transfering of the flysound from the right ear to left ear was so smooth i literally thought it was real life and kept looking around for it. Every gun sounds realistic whether it be ricochet or torso hits. It is so unbelievably immersive with its sound that it really makes you sit back and appreciate it that much more.Great dedicated company that will be invested in this game for years to come. They listen to the community, and frankly its one of the best communities when it comes to player made maps. If you enjoy playing fps, this is honestly a must buy no question. Im not going to tell you when to buy it, but i will say that you are messing up by not experiencing this really good game."
,Recommended,418460,32225920,Posted: 6 June,all,Theo,"Pros:-> Runs very well, getting 60FPS on medium-high settings on a GTX 760-> Very statisfying to kill someone-> Very immersive-> Fairly pricedCons-> You'll get PTSD8/10 - Very good, immersive game definatley worth it for any FPS fans"
76561198067162435,Recommended,418460,34200115,Posted: 12 August,all,RO0ZiE,With the new custom maps available the game is dope.
,Recommended,418460,32147273,Posted: 3 June,all,Ropalcz,"I will try to keep it short.+ Character customisation+ Large variety of weaponry+ Better optimization than RO 2+ 64 player battles+ Heli support+ Smell of the napalm in the morning+ Rice fields- No ground vehicles so far (for example M113, M48 or M67 ""Zippo"" would be nice for US, T-55 and PT-76 (or their chinese copies) would be nice for the North Vietnamese)- Some maps are designed pretty badly (one is almost like Operation Metro in BF3)- Server join queue does not exist"
,Recommended,418460,32068085,Posted: 30 May,all,Shikahgo,"Very immersive game, amazingly done. A refreshing feeling to the current selection of FPS's. This game strikes the realism chord very well, while also keeping it from being impossible for a more casual player to jump in and learn. This game is all about taking your time, working as a team/squad, and really learning your weapons (zeroing in sight/scope and learning to shoot). For $30 or less on sale you cannot go wrong, this is a must have game. Many of the systems were greatly revamped from the old RO2/RS game. The cover system is much more fluid now, it doesn't use the latching cover system that was used in the old game, now you are able to freely use any height of cover and choose how you are conceled better. This leads to better usage of cover, which leads to less dying while using the cover system."
,Recommended,418460,32163047,Posted: 3 June,all,BlackSquid,Charlie's in the trees!
,Recommended,418460,32075775,Posted: 30 May,all,Young Stoneyyy,I love the smell of napalm in the morning
76561198034494744,Recommended,418460,33017025,Posted: 29 June,all,Jack-Clayton,Really great balance between tactical realism and casual shooter in my opinion. I find myself actually engaged in a heavy thinking game while playing this as your plan of attack makes a big difference. Now this wouldent be a proper review if i didnt compain about a few things so here are my problems with it. 1) Not nearly enough teamwork from randoms so its best to play with a group or on a private server. 2) I feel like some of the maps are geared toward one side but honestly not a huge drawback since you switch sides anyway. 3) FUCXXXXXXXING FLAMETHROWERS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,418460,32116039,Posted: 1 June,all,DaBushWookie,Napalm sticks.
,Recommended,418460,32218336,Posted: 6 June,all,Mikjaash,ptsd simulatormuốn giới thiệu
,Recommended,418460,32128286,Posted: 2 June,all,cuck fops,BETTER RUN THROUGH THE JUNGLE
,Recommended,418460,32079500,Posted: 30 May,all,LoudCore,"Will update review if I have new things to talk about.The game is ridiculously fun and so far I'm really enjoying it.I've played this series since the original Red Orchestra when it was a UT2004 mod and things have come a long way since then. I personally think this is the best of the series and will only get better once the after launch content comes in and community stuff.So far my current impressions are - literally just Rising Storm/RO2 in a new setting and helicopters (with a few other nice extras), to put it simply.Pros:*Awesome community.*Guns feel nice.*Gameplay is top notch, still keeps its original charm.*Great music.*Maps are a lot better and prettier compared to RS/RO2*Gives a very grounded war experience and isn't the usual Battlefield ""cluster♥♥♥♥"".*Visuals are nothing special, but for a small dev team, look great. (was just told this was UE3, wow, very impressive)Cons:*Common visual glitches, sometimes artifacting.*Some of the balacing is a little weird.*Some snipers are literally impossible to see.*Optimization needs work on heavy foilage maps.To address some of the comments on the forum:*It's not Battlefield, and if you want Battlefield, play Battlefield. This is a mil-sim like game. So it's dad-core.*It's a very PC oriented game. No consolized menus, GUI, Game mechanics, etc. It will stay that way.*Performance for me isn't bad. GTX 970 @ 2560x1080p with solid 60fps on ultra. Just a few hiccups when loading sometimes. Optimization will get better through time*Sound effects are fine imo and do the job.*Beta ran the same for me as it does now.*You can't expect devs to find every single bug in existance, especially on launch with many different computers.*Cheezy Vietnamese voice acting adds charm to the gameI think for $25 the price is very fair and there is more to come."
,Recommended,418460,32114546,Posted: 1 June,all,Mustbedrunk,"Best vietnam game in years (possibly ever, considering the depth) and Tripwire's classic attention to detail."
76561198129964023,Recommended,418460,32073359,Posted: 30 May,all,MartN187,A hardcore version of Battlefield Bad Company 2 Vietnam.
76561198052188643,Recommended,418460,32074452,Posted: 30 May,all,Ðesert™,"I broke an entire server's immersion by naming my squad ""Gook Hunters"" while playing as the NVA."
76561198019441212,Recommended,418460,32077294,Posted: 30 May,all,The Shotgun God,Hardcore but rewarding. This is one of the best shooters out.Makes you realize how ♥♥♥♥♥♥ the real war must have been.Insert forrest gump meme
,Recommended,418460,32080198,Posted: 31 May,all,Simon445,"Some poor farmers with guns and bandanas started shouting ""WELCOME TO THE RICE FIELDS ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"""
,Recommended,418460,32083735,Posted: 31 May,all,zzwardog,War is heck.
76561198360092106,Recommended,418460,32510825,Posted: 17 June,all,PelicanMan,i like much killing Nams
,Recommended,418460,32112473,Posted: 1 June,all,DEAGLE FOREVER,"If you bought this game and haven't bought r6 siege yet, you're ♥♥♥♥in up... Lookin at you, Bowl."
,Recommended,418460,32162807,Posted: 3 June,all,fuzioN,"This game is beyond fun especially when you have a commander who knows how to make the game fun for everyone on the team and you get some role play its so funny, but overall the game is very fun to play either by yourself or with friends. its tactical and most of the time you dont have little kids you have the more older crowd and thats always a plus because nobody wants to hear little kids right? :)"
,Recommended,418460,32089491,Posted: 31 May,all,Nick Crompton XDDDD,"""NLF Wins""GI GO HOME10/10 would return to the combat area"
,Recommended,418460,32404699,Posted: 13 June,all,matt,"this game is for people who like light mil-sims such as Red Orchestra, Insurgency, Day of Infamy, Darkest Hour, Squad, etc. however, some might be turned off by the game's unconventional asymmetric gameplay and balance quirks. it moves a lot faster and feels more arcade-y than i would like, but it has some of the most intense war-film-tier firefights of any modern shooter.like most games in this genre, a good percentage of the amount of fun you will have depends on how well you and your team communicate. you will have very fun rounds when all of the SL's and commander are in tune and working together. you will also have terrible rounds in which nobody talks or knows what they're doing.is it worth the price? absolutelythis is the kind of game that will increase in value over time as the developers and community modders add more content, but don't expect things to happen quickly."
,Recommended,418460,32071446,Posted: 30 May,all,kram,"amazing game that stays true to the series, if you are a fan of squad or red orchestra 2/rising storm, you will love this game.  if you enjoy battlefield but have a craving for a more realistic/brutal experience, this game will leave you very satisfied.  this game gives you PTSD in the best way possible"
76561198092444616,Recommended,418460,32091007,Posted: 31 May,all,Dinguin Farster®,"Rising Storm Vietnam needs a lot of refinement and optimization work. While some maps like Hue city run decently, other maps with lots of vegetation turn into a sluggish experience eventhough the game does not look that impressive.Animations are clumsy, leaning around objects in this game is a good example of how NOT to do leaning in a game.While the sound design is ok, it could be refined and made more potent. Some sounds like the mini gun in helicopters and the M60 machinegun sound artificial and out of place. The artillery strike sound and gunship sounds are horrible, and just sound like irritating noise, sounding the same regardless of when you are inside or outside buildings.Hit registration has issues. I often find myself shooting at an enemy player in close quarters only to have my shots (which should have been fatal to him as well) disappear if he kills me first. Do not be surprised if you die inside a building from an airship machinegun run of some kind or if you catch on fire from a napalm strike eventhough it has cleared.Despite its drawbacks, Rising Storm 2 Vietnam can still be tactical and intense. Once you get used to its mechanics and accept its clumsy controls,  overall combat and teamwork can be rewarding."
,Recommended,418460,34758477,Posted: 5 September,all,Ghost👻,I like it ♥♥♥♥ the h8ters
76561198225066352,Recommended,418460,34758029,Posted: 5 September,all,JCtheGamer24,You can napalm Asian kids
,Recommended,418460,34908866,Posted: 12 September,all,ClosreWolf,Amazing gameGraphics- 9/10Controls- 10/10Voice acting- 10/10Welcome to the rice fields
,Recommended,418460,34905760,Posted: 12 September,all,☭AntiSocialEd™,"Overview-Rising Storm 2: Vietnam is a semi-realistic vietnam first person shooter. Rising Storm 2: Vietnam fills a very wide gap for vietnam themed war games, as most war games are dominated by the Second and First world wars. The game includes multiple different unit typesThe South and North vietnamise and the US-Marines and US-Army.The game very successfully manages balance, with the use of US-Army helicopters, Vietcong tunnels that allow squad spawns and the ability to climb certain objects on the map.The only way i can describe this game is aMixture of Squad, ARMA III and VerdunIt has the squad based effort in fighting of squad, feel of a small scale ARMA and the defencive and offencive feel of Verdun, There are multiple game modes, Supremicy Territories and SkirmishSkirmish - TDMSupremicy - Conquest (Capture Points)Territories - A Mix Of Skirmish & SupremicySupremicy features Multiple Squads (1 pilot a Squad leader and infantry) that are controlled by a commander who plays more tactically by moving squads to objectives. Adding an immersive chain of command. This is assisted by the community, most of which enjoy theMili-SimProsMili-Sim FeelFills the Vietnam GenreBalanced GameplayJust CoolConsNot very many MapsOnly A Limited Amout of Playable Characters(Field Engineer, Machinegunner, Pilot Etc)-ConclusionPersonally Im Going To Be Very Bias Towards Rising Storm 2: VietnamPurely because i love the era. The game has quiet alot to offer for the lover of Military Simulation game servers and Immersive Military Action FPS games.In my opinion the game is 100% worth the £18 Price tag."
,Recommended,418460,35121404,Posted: 21 September,all,Sour,"I am now awake. The dreams would only scare you. All I had to do was walk away, never was the exit closed, But god help me i wanted to see what would happen. These visions have come to consume me, What other evils have i borne aloft purley from an unquestioned desire to ""see things through?"" Who else have I blindly followed ?? This is the last contact of a ruined soul. Let my carcass be a scarecrow, let it warn others that these feilds are fallow, that only a deafening darkness grows here, that this is the land of the empty, where those who assumed glory was their birthright shuffle for eternity. Their agony is silent, their phosphorus tears burn, oh god mother, how they burn.10/10 i watched a guy get vaporized before my suqad was reduced to ash, their screams for mercy echoing for eternity while i watched."
76561198366967466,Recommended,418460,32225002,Posted: 6 June,all,Jason,This was the game that made me decide getting a PC
,Recommended,418460,32134499,Posted: 2 June,all,The Roman Republic,"Great game and with more to come with the addtion future modding capabilities.Those that complain about the difficulty need to realise thats the whole point, it's brutal and unforgiving. Which is rare amongst modern FPS games."
,Recommended,418460,32484823,Posted: 16 June,all,Ben-Horon,"If you perform any action past spawning into the game, the likelihood of you surviving more than a minute or two is somewhere between ""zero"" and ""none"".Perfect Vietnam Simulator, you can even make GI go home."
,Recommended,418460,32070230,Posted: 30 May,all,Damien the Dear,"Honestly one of my favourite games so far, the aiming system is interesting and unique, the gameplay is brutal, the graphics are servicable. The fact that levelling up only unlocks cosmetics makes me happy, as well as supposedly no planned future DLC. The game is something like a mix of Battlefield and CSGO, and is very enjoyable to a patient player.The movement can be somewhat janky at times, but overall is good for an almost hide and seek system of play, where one or two shots can end your life.The death animations are visceral, dying comrades and enemies groaning or screaming in pain, falling uncinimatically to the cold, hard ground.The music is very fitting, grungy guitar chords fitting the era as well as the situationOverall, I very much enjoy and reccomend this game, and to anyone new to the franchise;Welcome to the rice fields, mother ♥♥♥♥er."
,Recommended,418460,33844234,Posted: 27 July,all,Harris,Always fun to put the fear of God into the gooks.
76561198210458568,Recommended,418460,33842364,Posted: 27 July,all,Eli83,"A really cool game with a thriving community. Communication is key and unlike other games you have whoile teams that work together via mics, and avid communication the likes of which we rearely see in games like this."
,Recommended,418460,32141212,Posted: 2 June,all,Windows Vista,Brings back the nam flashbacks....
76561197983125339,Recommended,418460,32172009,Posted: 4 June,all,BeHik,"It is most definitely smells like victory!For time being the game has some optimisation issues and then some in other aspects of it too, but it's definitely a good successor to the RO/RS series in my eyes and a great game overall. Dont pass by if you're looking for a more realistic, brutal and immersive experience in a BF-style game that also requires some amount of teamwork and happen to have a bit more depth to it."
76561198121216302,Recommended,418460,32518287,Posted: 17 June,all,Pirate Joans,my gramps fought for this
76561198110502186,Recommended,418460,32099456,Posted: 31 May,all,Spanza,War is hell
76561198027585384,Recommended,418460,32121986,Posted: 1 June,all,Lotus,go home GI
,Recommended,418460,34890973,Posted: 11 September,all,Mr. Fireworks Salesman,"If you're the kind of person who ♥♥♥♥♥es and moans about a game not being exactly the way you want it to be, this game probably isn't for you. There is plenty to complain about and you will probably get carpal tunnel from all the ranting you will do. However, the game is functional. If you're the kind of person who can make the best of anything, if you just want to have fun, and if you like realism and working on a team / with a squad, you should absolutely try out this game. Get a refund if you don't like it, but I think you will.I love this game. The weapons are available to you from the start, you don't need to do any leveling for that. The only thing that you need to unlock through levels are cosmetics. All the weapons have up's and downs, and the way I see it, everything seems to balance out. There's attachable bayonetts, claymores, punji stick traps, the works. This is not Call of Duty: Shoot a Man, this is fun.A match can take an hour, and capping a single point can take 15 minutes.The maps are well made, but you will probably only ever play on Cu Chi and Hue City. An Lao Valley if you're lucky.TL:DR Try it. If you don't like it, okay. If you do, neat."
,Recommended,418460,35035370,Posted: 17 September,all,moscaflaca,"Amazing game. If you played Red Orchestra 2/Rising Storm, I like to think of it like this: This game takes everything we loved about the previous game and either improves it or keeps it. Bugs and common annoyances that were common have been reduced. HOWEVER: This game is still buggy. The good news is that the developers are working hard to improve it as well as adding more maps, weapons and factions. To all the people that played RO2/RS and think this game is terrible, remember how many major updates RO2 had and how long it took them to perfect it, and it still isn't perfect. This game is an excellent sequel with tons of potential and hardworking developers.For those of you who are new to this series, this game is an excellent blend of hardcore tactics like you'd see in ARMA and Squad but no where near as intense, however nowhere near as arcadey as games like Call of Duty and Battlefield. I would say that this game is along the lines of Insurgency, Day of Infamy and Verdun as far as realism. However, this game has much larger maps allowing for more tactical maneuvering and much more fire support availability. Coordination between teammates, squad leaders and the commander are essential for a victory.This game is also extremely immersive, with Creedence Clearwater Revival playing on the menu, customizable soldiers which are unlocked as you advance your level, and gritty combat.This is an excellent game."
76561198158984054,Recommended,418460,35187156,Posted: 24 September,all,|RD|papa november,1st off i want to say overall i like this game.. the sides are evenly balanced. proper period weapons . the funny taunts and lots of good stuff that was carried over from R02 and plus the game is just pleasant to the eyes they really went all out with the maps. the game is not without flaws however. Ill just start with the maps releaseing a game like this one with only 5 MAPS! really!?? i see that as just lazy or they should have waited to release the game. hardly anyone plays the skirmish modes you could have put all that hard work into a few more maps.
76561198123598234,Recommended,418460,35205725,Posted: 25 September,all,Ottokar Drachen,Great game with a farmiliar feel to Rising Storm! The new automatic Rifles from the era make Combat intense in most situations. (IE: Getting suppresed with an RPD/M60 whilst attacking/defending a Point) Not to mention RPG launchers make for an intresting game of cat and mouse when hunting Choppers. (Kinda similair to tanks and Anti tank rifles in RO2.)I would strongly recomend this game in it's current state very stable 160-130 FPS on high for my Ryzen Rig!Specs:AMD Ryzen 1500x 3.5GhzNvidia GTX 1060 6gb16gb DDR4 2400mhz2TB 7200 RPM HDD
,Recommended,418460,32235895,Posted: 7 June,all,SHôGUN,"Brilliant squad play, and assymetrical battles between the US and Vietnam forces. Would highly recommend to any fan of decent hardcore fps games"
,Recommended,418460,32066662,Posted: 30 May,all,Just James,"Rising Storm 2. How do I describe this game?It has a gunplay all to it's own. It cannot be related to RS1/RO2, because all the weapons are automatic. It cannot be related to Arma because it is not clunky. It cannot be related to Insurgency because it is not as clunky as the Source engine.It is an overall upgrade to the original games, those being Red Orchestra 2 and the original Rising Storm. A massive upgrade to Rising Storm.Only weakness is lack of SP right now, and the limited choice of maps, however I can predict at least one of those will change.If you're interested in a gritty, realistic, historical game, then I suggest you buy this wonderful product.Oh, and the UH-1H Huey is God's gift to man."
,Recommended,418460,32075503,Posted: 30 May,all,Hazmire,"Decent game. Instead of following the downward trend that the red orchestra series has been heading, the devs sought to create something different. Vietnam is a much more casual instalment in the series, making bold changes to the series' formula to hasten gameplay and accommodate different play styles.***CHANGES TO THE SERIES***Squad leader roles are now gone. Anyone can create a squad and be squad leader as a grunt, sniper, engineer, pointman etc... While this does shake up the gameplay in a beneficial way, it also brings about a whole new set of problems. Most notably is the fact that depending on your squad leader’s role, they may either be terrible, or amazing, regardless of their actual skill level. For instance a grunt SL won't have smoke grenades. So they’ll be near useless for pushing or defending a rush. Sniper SLs will often be sitting at spawn the entire round, leaving you and your squaddies to constantly run from the default spawns to the frontline. I'm hoping this problem will be alleviated once the hype has died down, and the noobs either get good, or leave.The blackout system is gone. Some may be happy, whilst others will be disappointed. In addition, the bandage system has been revamped to be slightly less clunky.The cover system has been entirely removed, likely due to the fact that maps like Hue City are littered with debris that would have been a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥with the cover system. I don't really miss the feature, and the impact on gameplay now it's gone is very very minimal.The suppression system can be extremely annoying. Due to the fact that virtually everyone is armed with a fast fire rate gun, you will often find yourself in a near permanent state of obscured vision and hearing. This seems to have gotten better since closed beta. I'm pretty happy with the state it's in at the moment, but I'm sure they’ll fiddle around with it in the future.***CONTENT***At the moment there are two supremacy maps, and three territory ones. There's also a skirmish map, but I've never seen the appeal of that. This is in no way enough maps. You will probably find you only like 1 or 2 of the territory maps. I'm praying that map makers will get to work asap or this game will simply die due to lack of variety.There are plenty of guns to choose from. AND FINALLY THE WEAPON UNLOCK SYSTEM IS GONE! This means everything is instantly available to you! No more getting♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by a max level veteran with a better scope than you!Traps are much better in this game, then the previous rising storm. They are pretty balanced too, since you can disarm most if you spot them, and playing as a pointman allows you to see traps much easier, and disarm them to make way for friendlies.***ISSUES***At the time of writing the servers are completely and utterly ♥♥♥♥ed. On a London server, everyone, including me, has over 100ms ping. Most are closer to 200ms. This issue has to be fixed soon, or people will probably refund the game. It's not the official servers either, since even community ones are struggling to cope.Despite all the closed betas, the sound still hasn't been fixed. The grenades are much better, but a new issue has arisen in its place. The AC-47's gunfire always sounds like it's shooting directly at you. This bug is obnoxious and more often than not, the cause of your death. Since everyone thinks they’re in immediate danger, everyone gets up and sprints for cover and then gets shot instantly by a wary foe.Digging squad tunnels can sometimes have you get stuck inside them. You can usually crawl out, but it’s still an annoying minor glitch that should be fixed upThe sound design is pretty ♥♥♥♥ing bad. Games like Arma 3 with the sound mods installed are pure eargasms. This on the other hand is ♥♥♥♥ed. Guns sound too similar, footsteps are too quiet, voice lines are terribly acted and too sparse. The list of complaints only continues.There will be a microtransaction shop for cosmetics. As of now we don't know what these will be. If they are player cosmetics then i'll be pretty angry, because playermodels are tied directly to your level. I'm hoping it will just be vehicle skins and gun skins, but even these are risky business. In a game so focused on visceral, squad based fighting, clogging the battlefield with skins would surely spell disaster for the game's future.I definitely recommend this game to any Vietnam junkie like me. If you liked the previous games or any other tactical shooter, like squad or arma, then try this out. Even if you're a complete noob, rs2 is the best game to start with, thanks to the faster, more fun assault rifles, as opposed to the slow methodical bolt actions in the previous games. The game does have many many many many issues. But for the fairly cheap price, I think it's definitely worth a go, you can always refund it if you don't like it."
,Recommended,418460,32077521,Posted: 30 May,all,ALLMiGHT,why is it every game i like has shitlike performance.
76561197981159678,Recommended,418460,32202318,Posted: 5 June,all,Dr Strangelove,"If you are familiar with Tripwire and preceeding titles such as Red Orchestra 2/ Rising Storm then this should be a no-brainer - more of the same good stuff we know and love. If you have not played any of the older Tripwire games do not let that deter you - essentially they make really good historical FPS games which rely on teamwork, careful movement around the map and a good eye for spotting and shooting the enemy. One shot will tend to kill you; so if you prefer something a bit more casual I would suggest scurrying off back under the CoD/ Battlefield rock from whence you came."
,Recommended,418460,33145335,Posted: 2 July,all,Dutchoper72,The horror...the horror....
,Recommended,418460,32098159,Posted: 31 May,all,jericho,so good it gives you ptsd
,Recommended,418460,32073377,Posted: 30 May,all,Tourettes Tyler,"Watch Full Metal Jacket with friends, buy 5 copies"
,Recommended,418460,32378963,Posted: 12 June,all,greg,if u liked full metal jacket this is the perfect game for u
,Recommended,418460,32141931,Posted: 2 June,all,SoA|Djembe,♥♥♥♥in excellent
76561198069758759,Recommended,418460,32311308,Posted: 10 June,all,Captain,"Not many people have heard of the heroics of the SAS during the Vietnam war. The Special Air Service would come so close to enemy troopers that they could of physically touched them. But the SAS were issued a new form of weapon: Psychological Warfare. One such method of this new breed of fighting is listed below.Barry Wain reports this: The elite SAS are slipping into enemy camps and planting some of the most horrific weapons of war on trees and radio posts throught the stronghold. This leaflets read: ""DEATH NOTICE: Your camp has been discovered. You are no longer safe. Fill out the space on the back of this notice and keep it with you. When you are killed, we will use it to give you a proper burial."" The notice was in the Vietnamese death colours of black and red.The Australian army is known for being one of the kinder armies in the world to this day. When refugees came to Australia from Vietnam, they said as much. We were kind enough to inform them of their demise, then proceed to fulfill our end of the deal.Who Dares Wins!"
,Recommended,418460,32101507,Posted: 31 May,all,urnotjustin,"is that you john wayne, is this me?"
,Recommended,418460,32074416,Posted: 30 May,all,Shazbot the Brave,WELCOME TO THE RICE FIELD ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ARE YOU A LIFE TAKER? ARE YOU A HEARTBREAKER?HO CHI MINH IS A SON OF A ♥♥♥♥♥
76561198130604224,Recommended,418460,32085881,Posted: 31 May,all,Dank manVlog,"Welcome to the Rice Fields, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,418460,32832864,Posted: 26 June,all,Ranjeers,Very good and climatic game  =)I recomended it 4 all wietnam conflict fans
76561198051298578,Recommended,418460,33697384,Posted: 21 July,all,AndrewT,"In 2011 Red Orchestra 2 presented two equally equipped sides, Germans and Russians relied on bolt action rifles. In 2013 Rising Storm picked up the Pacific theater of war and thus went into the direction of asymmetric warfare, reflecting on the different arsenal of the opposing sides: Yanks used modern semi-automatic weapons, Japs used antiquated bolt action rifles. In 2017 Rising Storm 2 Vietnam rotates into the world of automatic weapons on both sides and still introduces the highest level of asymmetry of the series to date.Players are organized into roles and units. Roles are represented by classes, most of them are restricted to only a few slots, except for the Viet Rifleman and the US Grunt which can always be taken, and compared to the situational bolt action rifles attached to these roles in the previous installments, the AK47 and the M16 are more than capable of making an impact in any situation. The Squad Leader is not a class anymore, anyone that joined first or was promoted can be an SL regardless of the selected class, and gets allotted with certain SL equipments. Units are represented by squads, usually 5 squads of 6 men make up the platoon each side throws into battle. Infantry classes have similar counterparts on each side, sometimes only their name differs (like Sniper and Marksman), but there are also unique classes, like the northern RPG class which is primarily used against aerial targets, and its US counterpart is the Grenadier with the anti-infatnry grenade launcher. The US Combat Engineers are the only class in the entire game having access to flame throwers.Squad-play is the name of the game, and it’s a make-or-break feature if played well. Squads can be customized, problematic members can be removed, desired players can be invited and joining can be restricted to ensure the squad performs properly. Squadmembers are meant to move and work together, and to encourage this, they receive an increased capture rate bonus inside objectives, and are less prone to enemy suppress when acting close together. This would be a no-brainer to exploit, but requires an experienced SL that is willing to coordinate and communicate the squads goals, and the squad members to cooperate and play along. Although squad-based gameplay is the strongest feature of the game, and if used well it’s absolutley rewarding to be a part of it, also the lack of squad-play can ruin a match. Renegate SLs and lone soldiers are ineffective, are more exposed to enemy fire and result in wasted tickets. Unfortunately many players act like this, and sometimes moving to another squad or even leaving the server is the only solution.The mobility of the US is ensured by spawning on the SL and the ability to respawn in the transport helicopters that can drop whole squads into the back of the enemy. In contrast the Viets utilize surprise movements aided by the tunnels which allow them to reach far away objectives safely underground, and respawning through tunnel exits that the SLs can place anywhere on the map, except for the direct closeness of objectives.Only the US have access to vehicles, and only to helicopters, the Viets have their own stone for these US scissors in form of their RPG class and the northern commanders AA Deployment ability which shoots down anything that flies above 75 meters. The complexity of flying the helicopters requires hours spent on the training ground before taking up a pilot role in the game, as an inexperienced Huey pilot can easily kill a whole squad, or the huge damage dealing potential of a Cobra gets wasted.The classic Territory gametype is still the standard, where active objectives can be captured or held by having more men inside than the opposition. In Supremacy any objectives can be contested, but only those score points that are linked to the home base. These are the large-map gametypes for 64 players, where attacker and defender roles are swapped for Round 2. The small-map gametype is Skirmish, and is fit for 16 players along similar objective-based gameplay.Even though a player has experience with the previous installments of the series, RS2V imposes a cruel learning curve on them, not to mention those that are completley new to the series. The challenge is not really to master the new weapons or learn every little portion of the maps, it will happen with time though. The key is to familiarize with the virtual jungle warfare. After spending the first few hours with rushing for the objectives alone and getting killed by invisible enemies, and dealing damage to teammates, it will be clear, that the initial approach must be reconsidered. You cannot risk to run standing, veteran players spend most of their time crouching from cover to cover and crawling in the dirt. Players hiding this way, easily take down the Rambo-wannabes. The game is slow paced, and „running through the jungle” never pays out instead of „using the jungle” to your advantage and punish the careless. The players have nothing to stop a speeding bullet, but they can use solid covers and carefully planned movements. Fragility and mortality are realistically emphasized, and the jungle environment makes you rightfully worried about who hides in the shadows or under the foliage. Players have to learn to rely on each other, to obey the rules of the game and the orders of the battlefield leaders. They have to be able to move as a unit, approach the target in the cover of laid down smoke, flank the defenders, get and stay inside the objective zones at all costs.You want to know where you are, where your squadmates are, and that the movement you just saw in the distance was friend or foe, so you can open fire or throw a grenade in that direction. The game offers a handful of tools a player might need to decide if he can fire and avoid team killing. Experienced players don’t make a move without checking the minimap first. Certain skin colors, clothes and weapons can only be used by one of the sides. How a soldier holds his weapon while running helps to identify him. Paying attention to close range foregin battle chatter also reveals enemies.A fair concept by the developers that the game doesn’t „reward” those that are able to pump more hours into the game than others, and doesn’t „penalize” those that can’t. The gained experience and the lack of it respectively helps and hurts these players enough, there is no need to enhance this effect gameplaywise. Anyone that enters any game any time, has the same assets and chances to play and perform well, regardless of level and K/D ratio, which don’t really matter and after advancing on the learning curve of the game, will be improved anyway.Levelling up is connected however to character customization. After every five levelups, different helmets, shirts, fabric and accessoires are unlocked and can be equipped to the characters, which is not unique, still a very nice touch and effortlessly results in realistic variation of different looking soldiers on the battlefield. Greenhorns have their clean uniforms, veterans tend to look less formal and more functional.The game obviously doesn’t target the widest audience possible, casual players might not have the patience to wait for their efforts come into fruition. The price is less than half of the so called A-titles, but this obviously doesn’t mean half value. Although the initial release could have been somewhat richer contentwise, the developers are promising new maps, vehicles and gametypes, which should be available for free, new cosmetic upgrades are planned for sale.If you prefer tactical and cooperative gameplay, if you appriciate games with a carefully designed and succesfully implemented concept, if you are into authenticity and a fine line between realsim and fluent gameplay, if you want to support quality indie efforts, if you are looking for a game that won’t be abandoned after its new brother comes out next summer, you will stick to this game for years."
,Recommended,418460,32086898,Posted: 31 May,all,F00dCHAiN,"WELCOME TO THE RICE FIELDS, FAT AMERICANS!"
,Recommended,418460,32359680,Posted: 12 June,all,Mäxim,This game gave me flashbacks from rising storm 1.
,Recommended,418460,32087090,Posted: 31 May,all,Kingslayer. Oathbreaker.,Everything EA and Ubisoft wouldn't do.
76561198012357660,Recommended,418460,32072561,Posted: 30 May,all,M i L k Y,I wake up every morning with a cup a joe and smell the best scent in the entire world...NapalmAh how I love the smell of napalm in the morning10/10
76561197999436708,Recommended,418460,32139200,Posted: 2 June,all,scout,If youre tired of call of unreal tournament then this game might be for you. It is much more intense because of the contrast between slow / silent play where youre hiding our sneaking and then the moment when you find yourself behind an enemy squad and take out 4 guys. It is far more intense and fun than getting numb from jetpacks and constant shooting.Also the theme of the Vietnam war is great and the maps are absolutely awesome. Graphics are great and the game runs very smooth.
76561198038973566,Recommended,418460,32379720,Posted: 12 June,all,"Gordo, O Graúdo",I learned how Trotsky was killed ...NEED MORE MAPS ASAP !!!Napalm smells like burned rice in CuChiEXCELENT SOUNTRACK FOR THE US SIDE !!!The majority of my fellow alies are 60+ yo LOLKilled a GI running 120m away with a shotgun's buckshotSurvived a crash inside a heli with both pilots killed by a 50cal :)This game has much more potencial.7/10I really hope the devs add more content to the gameAnd of course ...https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S06nIz4scvI
76561197968357855,Recommended,418460,32071775,Posted: 30 May,all,Bonesjustice08,Solid game for the price. Would like to see single player or maybe co-op against bots.
,Recommended,418460,32191235,Posted: 4 June,all,Riley,"This is the end result of Red Orchestra 2, Insurgency, and Battlefield Vietnam having a threesome. Other than it needing more maps, it's a blast to play."
,Recommended,418460,32186972,Posted: 4 June,all,Yung Upgrade,"Yu may take our land, but u will never take our rice fields"
76561198090640755,Recommended,418460,33329659,Posted: 6 July,all,「Ocean Man」,Go home GI
,Recommended,418460,32366988,Posted: 12 June,all,A Big Guy,If you hate the USA then this is the game for you.
,Recommended,418460,32066620,Posted: 30 May,all,ExclusivelyNerdBox,"""Good job you just triggered a Vietnam flashback"""
,Recommended,418460,34700775,Posted: 2 September,all,Jørg,great for PTSD :)
,Recommended,418460,32066503,Posted: 30 May,all,GenieBruenette9,"in the first match i ever played in this game i unlocked the achievment ""unlucky"" - 11/10"
,Recommended,418460,32072496,Posted: 30 May,all,Ickie•°,"Every now and then something like this comes along!...A game that IS as good as it's Trailers.Tripwire you did it again!:)They will be compairing games to this for years to come.You will need a decent Rig for this, so be warned it will not run on a Potato!"
76561198007282680,Recommended,418460,32071272,Posted: 30 May,all,dajarvi,"A little over 20 hours into the game.  It is fun, full of Vietnam War, but that's where it falls short: It doesnt FEEL lilke the Vietnam War.  It's mostly long distance sniping instead of close quarter combat.  Weapon ranges are too far and guns are too accurate to actually feel like you're in the middle of a battle.  Vietncong aren't running around with guns blazing.  Bunkers don't work because you just get headshot from the crazy long-distance accuracy.  You don't need a sniper rifle.  Just an AK-47 or an M16.  My favorite is picking people off with the M60 at long range.Clearly needs work, but thumbs up nevertheless for tackling the Vietnama Era."
76561197968398206,Recommended,418460,32227608,Posted: 6 June,all,Locust Star,Huge amounts of fun!  Definitely brings back memories of Battlefield 1942 + Desert Combat (peak gaming imo) + a whole bunch of other stuff that just works.G.I. go home!
76561197970687383,Recommended,418460,33351874,Posted: 7 July,all,A Nameless Ghoul,"if you played any Red Orchestra / Rising Storm title(s) before you know what to expect:rather intense simulation-like warfare using a teambased combat that requires strategy and cooperation more than it does a trigger happy supersoldier.the graphics are not the best out there but beautiful nontheless. the sound is well produced will get your heart beating.the only drawback right now is the rather small number of maps. but when the previous games are anything to go by there will be a ton of (free?) content updates.a still rather fresh setting, a commited community and true dedicated (and  some of them admined) servers make this an oldschool shooter experience i think noone should miss."
,Recommended,418460,33626097,Posted: 18 July,all,Hikari_NEET,One thing ricefields and vietman flashbacks
76561198109928914,Recommended,418460,33260832,Posted: 4 July,all,JG51_HOTFIXGIG(#007),"If you are reading this review Ill make it short and simple on my thoughts for the game:If you've played games like squad or Arma, those of which have realism and teamwork engrained in the core mechanics to win, this is your game. If you came from generic shooters, you might as well turn around because until you get the feel of this game or you are a vet, you wont be able to run in gun.This game is mostly placing yourself in the right spot, kinda like chess to win.The pros:While high learning curve exist, this keeps you from getting boredIt can be easily picked up over timeGameplay is more hardcore and gritty, every kill makes you feel glad how hard faught you played to earn itConsThe whole getting adjusted may take a while even for people who are good at fps if they have never played RO franchise beforeThe various bugs and sometimes dodgy hit recognition is fustratingA lot of times, there are a lot of people on Mic that should not only not be on it, but should be in a hospital taking psych pills.Seems to take forever to rank up compared to other games in the franchiseTeam play can some times be dodgy, but you know what they say, blame yourself and your play before othersAnd lastly the gameplay can get stale some maps due to the lack of them, but like the other games, community maps and♥♥♥♥♥♥will help it over time.Overall:I think you should pick this game up and play it as a every now and then game whenever you need soemthing different to play that day."
,Recommended,418460,33919802,Posted: 30 July,all,dc_laffpat,"Great game. Loving the asymetrical warfare, built upon from the first rising storm!"
76561197970723934,Recommended,418460,32107509,Posted: 1 June,all,Marvelous,"Wow what a great game!At first it's panic and disarray and then you hear the calming voice of your commander telling you 30 seconds until artillery. You see movement in the bush up ahead and fire a few shots and hit nothing. You crouch down heart pumping. ""15 seconds,"" says the commander. ""Everyone get ready to assault B!"" Shots start coming in at you as your screen turns blurry simulating the fear of battle. ""5 seconds!"" You grit your teeth and watch the tree line when all of a sudden the world errupts around you and you are killed. ""Make sure you guys forgive me,"" says the commander. I have no idea how to do that!PROS* Absolutely awesome graphics. Looks like Vertnam!* The sound effects and extremely realistic. Explosions around you, the clink of shooting a guy in the helmet, screams as the enemy burns to death via napalm, your breathing as you run--it all sounds great!* The atmosphere is wonderful! 60's era music blaring.* The weapons are very fun and satisfying. No crosshairs you have to use iron sights. If you hit a guy right you can kill him with one shot. The body crumbles with realistic looking physics.* Flying in a chopper is a blast!!!* Great community.CONS* Just personal cons--I'm an FNG and have no idea what I'm doing!!!I highly recommend this game especially at the sale price."
,Recommended,418460,34912621,Posted: 12 September,all,Captain Vietnam,"Vietnam number one!!!! Undeafeated!!!! this game is a lot like Vietnam, so it's the best."
76561198053301831,Recommended,418460,34907903,Posted: 12 September,all,Sabacc0,"Awesome game, the only downside is some server communities being abusive and generally toxic."
,Recommended,418460,33534291,Posted: 14 July,all,Nishizumi Miho,Just missing private Pyle and private Joker...10/10 would visit rice fields again
,Recommended,418460,32704413,Posted: 23 June,all,azershine,dont give me a refund
,Recommended,418460,32212905,Posted: 5 June,all,Pav | Harrison,Good Game.That is all
,Not Recommended,418460,32149226,Posted: 3 June,all,Serbia Strong,"I played through wave 7 when I pre-ordered the game, anticipating a very well detailed vietnam game. I got utter unfinished garbage that the devs think is ready for release. The game itself isn't terrible, the map designs and weapon movement (whilest aiming or otherwise) really put a hamper on the game for anyone not used to RO2. This being said, new folks to the franchise like myself, after TRYING RO2 once, only to find literally only bot servers available with only 1-3 actual players in them, will never buy from the franchise again. I bought the game because i thought tripwire THEMSELVES would be making it. God, was i wrong.Tripwire isn't to blame for the game not being fun, i'll list more reasons why further down. Antimatter games are the ones developing the game. I completely trust tripwire after their amazing job putting together a killing floor sequel, without going overboard on the Zedconomy stuff and making Pay2Win in KF2. But, I have to say, I will NEVER buy another game that has anything to do with Antimatter again. The fanboyism covering up and outright denying the fact that there are hackers running through the servers and there being virtually no admins on most servers doing their job and banning these people has outright ruined any chance at liking this community one bit.Finally the problems with the game, massive optimization issues, horrible gunplay, restrictive maps, most maps having little to no cover (unlike the actual war), as well as a horrible string of bugs plaguing the whole game itself, in many places. There are problems with class weapons being so much more powerful than regular troops that it makes half the team seem very ineffective. Oh, and the asymetric balance that people will shout out when hearing complaints about VC being too weak, is ridiculous. If there as any attempt at balance in the beta, it went out the window with the aiming mechanics. Just AIMING a weapon in the game, makes me feel utterly naueous. It's hard to keep a bead on someone let alone getting more than 3 shots off without getting domed by your target instantly.Finally the gamemodes are ATROCIOUS! Who in their right minds decided that switching the time limit to 3 minutes just because of a short stalemate was a good idea? It ends territory games so quickly that you feel just upset at the very fact that the enemy gets an automatic victory despite them having lost over 100 tickets more than your team, also at the very first 3 objectives of the map, just leaves me feeling sick to my stomach that this is considered a balance gamemode. That being said the other two gamemodes are just not appealing. Supremacy feels far too easy to win with a half decent team and a whole steamroll can be ended with just one squad of VC showing up at your first objective and removing all the points you were racking up is beyond me. i couldnt care less about the last one since I only saw one or two servers playing it... EVER.Overall I wouldn't recommend this to anyone, ever, due to my 40+ hours of playing. I gave it my best and I can't take much more. This review may be subject to change in the coming months if the devs recoup their brains instead of release money and begin making aiming and mantling obstacles easier. For now it's a mixed bag that i'd call a travesty.TL;DR: Pre-ordered for the vietnam simulation, ended up with Red Orchestra with a vietnam skin. With all the cliff-jumping fanboys that come with it to ruin new players experiences. Remember folks, Marketing lies... All the time."
76561198375058722,Not Recommended,418460,34542714,Posted: 27 August,all,nolson1404,"There's a glitch. When shouldering rifle or machine gun, or grenade launcher neara building, or rock, or fallen tree, or inside a building through a window, when shouldering the long arm,the weapon shakes violently up and down and does so so fast it disappers almost, until you lowerthe weapon to hip level. It happens on all maps. With all weapons."
76561197972415108,Not Recommended,418460,32117925,Posted: 1 June,all,[11PNZ]TK151,"This game is not a tactical shooter or a COD spamfest, its both.Sadly I spent too long trying to get the helicopter controls setup and went over my 2 hours for a refund...Keymapper and general chopper controls are terrible because infantry and vehicles share the same keymap.For example, I wanted to be able to move my head as a pilot and most natural key to me is the right mouse...But if you do that you ovewrite the Iron sight key as infantry.Pace of the game is too fast to be a tactical game, you can die and in less than a minute be back in the exact same place killing the guy that shot you.ArmA series does this kind of action in a much better way."
,Recommended,418460,32120988,Posted: 1 June,all,smoke busch,"Worth the wait, probably the best Vietnam game to date."
76561198049735073,Not Recommended,418460,33215163,Posted: 3 July,all,Fraginator Oneshot Whisper,it's not very good. vietnam for bad company 2 was infinitely betterEDIT: this game doesnt even load anymore
,Not Recommended,418460,34707256,Posted: 3 September,all,Grmelíno Grmelíni,"I can't express my disappointment for this game, I spent hundreds of hours in RS1/RO and i'ts my favorite ww2/realistic shooter so far and I had high expectations for this game, but it turned out to be a failure. Everything that was good about the previous game is terrible here, the unbalanced gunplay, bad netcode and map design. Even 2 months after release the devs didn't fix the game. Not worth your time, not worth your money, definitely not in this state."
76561198097295734,Recommended,418460,32203789,Posted: 5 June,all,(The Trapper),10/10 best game of the year.
,Recommended,418460,32076539,Posted: 30 May,all,p r o t e K- | ゴ プ ニ ク,GO HOME GI
,Not Recommended,418460,32403290,Posted: 13 June,all,Szpw,"At launch I experienced numerous bugs within the game, many of which seriously ruined the experience for me.  Regardless of my settings I found the player models would be repeatedly invisible (except for the clothes, invisible man sort of stuff).  And sometimes when I rotated my view my hands would move but not my weapon, which would remain suspended in the air, unable to be used.  I also found lying prone and crouching often were very awkward.  Bugs aside, the UI is cluttered and the class system is confusing.  Personally I'd recommend the much more polished and deep Red Orchestra than this.  Refunded because the bugs were everywhere."
,Not Recommended,418460,33884203,Posted: 29 July,all,Sahonen,"Devs ruined game, no content, lagy servers, only couple vehicles, no tanks, and game engine is old."
76561197968121586,Not Recommended,418460,33090283,Posted: 1 July,all,≋≋ Bush Doctor,"How the hell i got shot and dont have to even do a bandage? Shame on you tripwire..If i wanted to play some♥♥♥♥♥♥arcade game i would be playing some COD.Comparing to RO2 this look like a rushed beta release, it has potential, but needs some work.pros:-  Great audio and sound effects.-  Better squad system then RO2-  Better bandage system.-  Bullets penetrate walls.- Shotguns, a lot of them.cons:- Forced to change teams after the end of round. (This is the most annoying feature)- No online campain mode.- Few number of maps.- Weapons are not so deadly as RO2.- When you aim at someone, it tells you if is friend or not after a little time. (Why? this is stupid and ♥♥♥♥ with the gameplay, you end making more team kills because of the delay than if it dosent have. Only knowing if its enemy or not from the uniform was one of the best things in RO2, sometimes you need to stop and figure if you shoot or not, this is war.)- Bad and not much customizable keybinding for helicopters.- Vietnamese peolpe speak english with asian accent, ridicolous. ""THE ENEMY IS TAKIN CHALIE""- Still has some bugs and crashes.- Again this♥♥♥♥♥♥server system where you need to rent your server. (The main cause there is no more RO2 servers.)- The level system just work for unlocking ""skins"". Who the hell wants new clothes? We want more mags, new weapons, new attachments.Besides all, this is a great fps. Very fun to play, and more realistic than a lot of fps games out there.I just expected a lot more from tripwire.. RO2 was much better."
76561198027503968,Recommended,418460,32900996,Posted: 27 June,all,"Heavy717 ""Killed-er of People""",Go home GI: the game
,Recommended,418460,33603081,Posted: 17 July,all,Satsujinki,This game gave me PTSD. 10/10 would love to see napalam to burn them. :DIT AIN'T ME! IT AIN'T ME! IT AIN'T ME! IT AIN'T ME! IT AIN'T ME! IT AIN'T ME! IT AIN'T ME! IT AIN'T ME!P.S. Play this game at your own risk if you got your PTSD.
,Not Recommended,418460,32486083,Posted: 16 June,all,Daniel Potter,"Bought it and refunded.The game has rather quickly lost all it's playerbase (it's mostly between 2k-5k now). I am a big fan of red orchestra, and the worst thing about the game is that barely anyone plays it. Ping becomes a real issue, and because of that, lag compensation is of great importance. I don't really see it implemented in rising storm 2. Personally i been rubberbanding all over the place.Also, the performance of the servers seems to be off. Ping in the server browser shows one thing, but when you actually connect, it's much higher.Another problem is just that there is not enough content. There are about 6 maps.Finally, i guess i am a bit salty that the game tries to deviate from previous titles. Not in the way that everything is automatic now, but that there is a lot of UI clutter. Previous games has next to no UI. Honesty, you only had your eyes and your ears to guide you. You did not even have name tags/color identifiers on allies, you had to differentiate by the outfit. This kind of thing can be turned off/on only client side. I feel like it's not the right way the game should be played.For now i will just wait till the problems get fixed, game will receive extra content and a discount."
,Recommended,418460,33063079,Posted: 30 June,all,Fronter,"Good fun game.Most of people are nice, but alot of racist slurs going on within community though so beware before you buy it.I just want to say that some of the♥♥♥♥♥♥you guys are saying are NOT ok at all.I know it give you alot of attention sometimes, but damn guys, show some respect to yourself.Peace."
,Not Recommended,418460,32698825,Posted: 23 June,all,Chilroy,"It's like riding down a slide made out of sandpaper, it would be enjoyable if only it were smoother."
,Not Recommended,418460,34806055,Posted: 7 September,all,Highly aggressive weeb,"Iam not gonna overrate this crap just because its a vietnam war game. The worst Tripwire game yet. Mechanics/Shooting/Netcode/etc. - all this just didn't exist here. Seems like I am the soldier of Pol Pot army - because of endless blur, lol. Also about ""realism"": shaking hands after shooting 9mm and supressing because of m16 bullet impact in 5 meters away from me  - that's aint realism. That's just silly.And also it looks awful even on ultra settings. Just a bit better than Rs1. 2017, hello?"
,Not Recommended,418460,32400811,Posted: 13 June,all,FITY,"Not Recommened with current hitbox issues.I'm bummed because I love realistic shooters and I have no crashes, no lockups, and game looks and runs great.But there is a serious issue with the CQB hit detection, which is not only frustrating for me, but it robs my team of a respawn ticket. I can dump half a mag into an enemy while he slowly turns to look for me, lines up his shot and 1-shot kills me. I did not have this problem in RO2 or in the beta.From the multiple forum threads on this issue, I understand the devs are aware of this, but cannot reproduce it on their systems. I have also been told that the U4 engine deletes your bullets upon your death, but I am very much alive while I dump a magazine into a guy and he slowly turns and kills me. Some people claim this is server desync, but from many hours im ARMA, this has always resulted in a trade kill, but in this game there is no trade kill.The worst part of joining the any discussion has to be the 5 ""community"" menbers that join everyone of these discussions to try and refute the many many players that experience this by saying ""you suck"". I never experienced this hate when playing Red Orchestra, maybe its just a whole new ""community"" ?"
,Not Recommended,418460,34408794,Posted: 21 August,all,Meister,"Overall the game is pretty well done but at the same time I feel like its a downgrade in quality from Rising Storm/ Red Orchestra 2.The graphic animation of the game is not as fluid and at best its the same as RS/RO2 and at worst a little worse than RS/RO2.The main reason that I WILL NOT RECOMMEND THIS GAME is because of how the shooting mechanics in this game works. I've had multiple instances where I am 0 to 5 meters away from an enemy and unload half a magazine with the end resulting in me dying even though I was the first one to shoot. I don't know why this happens but I do know this happens regularly enough for a lot of gamers to mention it, for the developers to release a patch to potentially fix the issue, and for it to be controversial in this community.  It's gotten better but the issue is still there.Out of the many shooting games I have played this is the first game which I have given up on because of the shooting mechanics. I expected more from this studio and they have failed me with this game."
76561197960332941,Not Recommended,418460,32134098,Posted: 2 June,all,RangerWolf,"Th whole 'fighting-from-cover' that made RO2 more complex seem to be missing. The maps are rather uninspired. SFX are indeed pretty bad and just don't seem right at all.Don't get me wrong, the game has huge potential it just seems a little sloppy and unfinished at the moment. It's just not 'Rising-Storm' enough yet."
,Not Recommended,418460,32214732,Posted: 5 June,all,hauau,"Terrible LOD, lacking HUD, wonky sound, few 64 player mapsBugs include but are not limited to:- F on Cu Chi sometimes can't be captured- arty hits not synced to visual effects- lingering napalm randomly not showing up- suppression ignoring walls and ground- friendlies disappearing from the overhead map- bipods sticking to thin air- Cobra pilots getting CTD from shooting rockets at DSHK- it's possible to get stuck in some places or after jumping over obstacles- RPG and M-79 sometimes become unresponsive after reloading- janky hitreg, for some reason called ""overpenetration"" by TWI/Antimatter defence force- mines can't be placed on seemingly normal ground in specific spotsLame stuff:- can't vault knee-high obstacles that weren't designated for vaulting- squads are scrambled between rounds for some reason- first round doesn't wait for players to load by default yet second one may take up to a minute to start (depends on a server)- vote kick can be spammed- can't choose to start with a folded bipod or attached bayonet- a lot of unused space on supremacy maps"
76561198097546891,Recommended,418460,32095595,Posted: 31 May,all,Gook_Zippo,PTSD in vietnam form. enjoy
,Recommended,418460,32781997,Posted: 25 June,all,ILikeH8@^ | XXX.,I love killing gooks. 10/10
,Recommended,418460,32141443,Posted: 2 June,all,Mitsuke,"Before I write this, I would like to state that I do enjoy the game greatly. That being said,At the current time, I would not recommend you buying this game. I have been vote kicked multiple times by the enemy team because I know how to hold a corner against enemies. You should NEVER be allowed to vote kick someone on the enemy team just because they are good at the game.EDIT: They listened to people! Thank the heavens! But yeah this is no longer an issue so I came back to change my downvote to an upvote."
,Recommended,418460,32070528,Posted: 30 May,all,A'den,"Every other shooter makes you something superhuman. Battlefields. CoDs. There is a place for fancy tricshoots and other garbage. Garbage. Nice word, describes perfectly what you are here. Garbage. You are nothing. You are expendable.Rising Storm 2 is continuation of teamplay-oriented second world war duo Red Orchestra 2 and Rising Storm. Leaving the battlefields of Pacific and Eastern Front for jungles of Vietnam War. Thing that distinguishes Tripwires' games from it's competitors is total lack of forgiveness for your mistakes, as there is always somebody ready to exploit your bad ideas. Wanted to run to good cover not far from the objective without checking if the coast is clear? Very nice of you, that player on the right side of the gun just scored an easy kill.Theatre of war changed, and so did weapons. Old guns were (partially) forgotten. The core part of armaments are assault rifles - what havent changed, is that single shoots still are superior due to relatively strong recoil on autofire. And, differently to Ro2/RS, sides aren't equal. What does it mean? Back in the old duo both sides has more or less the same equipment - sure, there were differences in guns power, and in RS, each side had unique class, but they could fight each other as equals. Here, US Army shows it's military potential, while VC has no problem with using traps, tunnels and many other nasty tricks to win. So dont be supprised that VC dont have AC-47 gunship or Napalm.I wont describe very weapon and role in game here, there are guides for that and this is a review, not a compendium. If you dont like your butt being handed to you, try something else. But id you dont mind crawling for 70 meters of the rice fields between the objectives and dying a lot to get better, this is a game for you. And remember to look twice before shhoting. Friendly Fire is on, and I just tried to kill a tree just because it looked like Marine machine gunner"
,Recommended,418460,32072641,Posted: 30 May,all,Suit One,This game sticks to me like napalm sticks to Vietnamese children.
,Recommended,418460,32715871,Posted: 24 June,all,[SFW]TeASe,GI COME WONG WISE FEEL!
,Recommended,418460,32458472,Posted: 15 June,all,Clyde Frog,"I recommend this to anyone with a high end machine, otherwise it runs very slow and you won't kill anyone.As it stands right now it is unplayable for me, even though my machine exceeds the recommended requirements. I hope it is an optimization issue and I certainly hope they fix it while there is still a community.I will hit ""Yes"" because this game is amazing, but do not buy it unless your machine has more horse power than a Ferrari."
,Recommended,418460,32581434,Posted: 19 June,all,MexicanHugDealer,2/10  G.I no go home
76561198062720350,Recommended,418460,32748564,Posted: 24 June,all,TRIGGERED,Go home GI
,Recommended,418460,32860593,Posted: 27 June,all,Redxsh,"Great game, the action is real feeling. If you like fast action but a realistic game this game is a need."
,Recommended,418460,32068160,Posted: 30 May,all,Stasi,"It's pretty good, just turn of the voice chat when you play as the NVA or Vietcong unless you like listening to 20+ people screaming ""ching-chong hing-hong GI"" for a solid 20 minutes."
76561198023716504,Recommended,418460,32101767,Posted: 1 June,all,Things happen...,Rising Storm 2: Veitnam Boogaloo
76561198319878941,Recommended,418460,32210775,Posted: 5 June,all,55grnsof_FREEDOM,"Brutal gameplay, made me change my whole playstyle when compared to other shooters. The sounds are amazing. I have had the opportunity to shoot quite a few of the rifles featured in this game and the attention paid to how they handle and sound is truly impressive"
76561197992772401,Recommended,418460,32093489,Posted: 31 May,all,vindicatethis,"If You Run Through the Jungle, You'll Get Shot and You'll DieThis is not Call of Duty. This is where the patient communicate to survive.This is not Call of Duty. This is where the playes thinks, to win.This is not Call of Duty. This is where tactics mater.This is not Call of Duty. This requires skill.Too bad I'm so horrible at this game.In all seriousness-Creedence, man.-Nice graphics. (If that matters for you).-Nice mechanics.-AmazingPTSDmemories.-Sounds are awesome, really helps with the immersion.-Immersive.-Factions and faction mechanics are well balanced. (So it's not the same dudes fighting with different weapons, but rather different factions fighting each other.)-""War Movie"" and ""Woodstock Experience"" Post-Processing options.You like the whole Vietnam-era thing?You like RS/RO things?Get this game, and smell the napalm.10/10 Would watch close friends burn to a crisp in arms reach while I survive and get waking nightmares."
76561198039667199,Recommended,418460,32919242,Posted: 28 June,all,luv child of hansolo and chewy,"I have had an incredibly enjoyable few hours on this game so far, but have come across a few bugs. Keys for mantling and leaning seem to be indesicive at times, which can be quite irritating during tense gunfights. HOWEVER! these problems can be solved down the track and tripwire have already started patching the game.the gameplay itself is intense, as all RO/RS games are, however this instalment in the series might be my favorite. Both teams seem to be completley balanced while also being unique, something that i found previous games lacked. (in terms of both uniqueness and balance.) the air power of the US is comparative to the general sneakyness and complete mayhem of the NVA/VC factions.My adbice would be to give this game a few months to sort out some issues, however if you think you can play through them, there is a real gem of a shooter waiting...By the way... welcome to jungle!!!"
,Recommended,418460,32732000,Posted: 24 June,all,SYmonator,"I really wanted to like RS2 because RO2/RS1, but i just ain't feeling it.Usually i play a game and will spend a few hours on it.Took me bout 10min to set up a controller for heli's they fly b-e-a---utiful.But the game is a bit boring and after about an hour i was already bored.. so.. ye not for me.Think it's just fps-fatigue.. there are only so much you can play before they all just feel like you've done it before....."
,Recommended,418460,32071021,Posted: 30 May,all,-hg- King Hoe face,I got PTSD
76561197986103766,Recommended,418460,32123632,Posted: 2 June,all,bluetarp,FIX THE SPOOKY AUDIO!!!!  --cancer alert-- UGGGHHHHH!!!!! annoying?  and it is not adjustable/lower-able without killing every other SFX so that aint an option. how did nobody say a word about this after how many beta waves?------ONLY BARNES CAN KILL BARNES.
,Recommended,418460,32296585,Posted: 9 June,all,The Unholy Waffle,"This is an amazing game, even if it does have its own pros and cons. Though having very few cons, I will start with the pros then the cons and move onto experience.PROS:Good looksMaps are made very well to accomidate 32v32Nice feel of power for all the weaponsNo tracers :PYou can't have an overload of snipers etc like in BattlefieldWoodstock experienceGo home GINow to move onto the CONS even though I have a lot more pros.CONS (sadly)Now really the only kind of cons I can think of are that there are some people in this game that take it as if they are playing a game like Rainbow Six or are actually apart of the core.Now for experience. My experience playing RSV is a good one, there are many great memories you will experience.Shooting down a helicopter by destroying its tail rotor,Going on a rambo killing spree as a pilot after surving being shot downSurviving an artillery strikeGO HOME GI15/10 would scream ""Go Home GI"" again"
,Recommended,418460,32167387,Posted: 3 June,all,Achilles,"As a long time Red Orchestra fan, I'm not disappointed by this game. It captures the atmosphere of the Vietnam War perfectly. The gameplay is realistic, unforgiving, and brutal. Also, the map design is amazing. The graphics are amazing and the team work displayed in every match is amazing to witness. I have been waiting for this game since it was first announced. As a history buff and RO fan, I'm more than satisfied with the final product!"
76561198063132981,Recommended,418460,32075240,Posted: 30 May,all,Vape Lord,"I'm a newcomer the the Rising Storm/ Red Orchestra series, but I must say this game is amazing. (cannot recommend enough)"
76561198007512720,Recommended,418460,32304312,Posted: 9 June,all,MasterofSarcasm,"<<<< Basically if your a fan, its okay, but wait for the price to drop to the $10 mark on a sale or something >>>>This is basically a red orchistra/rising storm mod.If you want to play a amazing ww2 game play red orchestra or rising storm are definitely where its at - although it appear the game killed the player pool and connectivity a bit recently lol.If your a fan of the series odds are you will still get some enjoyment from this, but be prepared that its a lot less well calibated. So youll find yourself thinking ""its like red orchistra, but it doesnt have....""Expect poor net code,A few invisible walls under garage entrances and archways that will bounce your nades back at youThe hit rec is a bit off most of the time - theres a massive imapct on ping to if anythign can hit you. At over 200 ping means that if you shoot a player with 50 ping he will get hit indicators of incoming fire, but not take damage - this has been tested, unless he stands still for say 7-8 seconds he wont get hit.The cover based shooting system really wasnt taken accross properly like red orchestra one.Theres less weapons and a distinct imbalance where all american weapons are better.the graphics are pretty avePlenty of rubberbanding and in my experience a lot of unstable connections with ping randomly spikign from 50ms to 999ms with literally no cause or reason(not my net any other game runs fine, while stremaign and downlaoding stuff, jsut not this game....)In my opinion the game feels unrefined and a bit imba. The americans have way better weapons, command abilities etcSquads no longer are large with certain slots for snipers lmgs etc squads now can have all the gunenrs and snipers, while no one commands the sqad...also there are only 3 maps that are actually played cu chi, song be and occasionally hill 9## which are okay, but repetitive. Theres apparently a totla of 7 maps, but ive never seen the rest as like every game people only play the first three options on the lsit.Basically if your a fan, its okay, but wait for the price to drop to the $10 mark on a sale or something"
76561198168461908,Recommended,418460,32586078,Posted: 20 June,all,TFL | Senturion,I smell commies.
,Recommended,418460,32090602,Posted: 31 May,all,AstroSloth,the game retained a lot of the feeling of RO2 and RS but also added alot of cool new features and gameplay elements.  Also there is CCR playing in the menu so 10/10
,Recommended,418460,32095192,Posted: 31 May,all,MC Rap Master Mussolini,it good n fun
,Recommended,418460,32498694,Posted: 17 June,all,Hythloday,"This one day, we was out walkin' like always, and then -- just like that -- somebody turn off the rain and the sun come out.I ran and ran, just like Fidel told me to. I ran so far and so fast that pretty soon I was all by myself, which was a bad thing.Troublet was my best good friend, I had to make sure he was okay.And on my way back to found Troublet, well there was this boy layin' on the ground.I couldn't just let him lay there all alone, scared the way he was, so I grabbed him up, and runned him outta there.But every time I went back lookin' for Troublet, somebody else was sayin' ""help me, Hythlod, help me.""I started to get scared that I might never find Troublet.10/10, for what it's worth."
76561198145512426,Recommended,418460,32290355,Posted: 9 June,all,Zaqpak,"""feelin goods good enough""  This game is Amazing!  I was in the first closed beta all the way to the 7th and I got the Deluxe edition.  I can't wait to see tanks in the game so we can have the Battle of Ben Het. Unfortunately I didn't get a Vietnam charicter in Killing Floor 2 but I'm happy with the skins I'm getting.  If you don't have this game I recommend you get it. It's fun with friends and you do good if you have a decent commander on your team, teamwork is essential in this game, it's fun to burn gooks with napalm and to act out lines from war moves.  "" I caca Dau VC! "" and ""you think we kill gooks for freedom?!  This is a slaughter.......  If I'm gna get my balls blown off for a word.......  My word is poontang""  are my favourite lines. Can't wait for more content devs, keep up the hard work!"
,Recommended,418460,32070523,Posted: 30 May,all,Druz,"> United States Marine Corps> MOS 2531, Field Radio Operator ('Nam Era MOS)> A$$ blasting commies with 5.56x45mm NATO sized freedom pebbles> We're getting pinned at Charlie by Charlie> Commander runs up to me and begins to fondle my radio> Commander calls in Artillery on Charlie to soften them up a bit> We charge in> oorah.mp3> gitsum.jpg> We're nailing them left and right but then the enemy launches arty back> Pinned down again right outside of Charlie> Commander is getting heated and trying to get us together for a huge assault> Commander runs up to me while saying, ""We're about to call in some napalm on these commies.""> nothinglikethesmellofnapalminthemorning.mov> Commander fondles my radio again and says, ""Dammit we need to wait.""> I ask him how much time the cool down has left until we get napalm> He says, ""Three fifty.""> Three minutes fifty seconds?> Commander, ""No, I need about tree fiddy.""> And it was about that time that I noticed this Commander was about 8 stories tall and was a crustacean from the Proterozoic era.10/10 would kill commies with the Loch Ness Monster again."
,Recommended,418460,32073776,Posted: 30 May,all,|UGA| Space Ace,This game gave me ptsd for a war I never fought in. 10/10 would recommend.
,Recommended,418460,32160862,Posted: 3 June,all,scout24,"Best part of the game is over hearing the screaming from your team to barge in, but you cant resist to well follow them and hope you dont get shot"
76561198123885276,Recommended,418460,32233041,Posted: 6 June,all,Blackwatch,"This plays like a 12 year old game, but that's not a bad thing. There are a ton of bugs, you get stuck on ground objects, killed repeatedly on spawning, and miss shots that you certainly didn't miss; be prepared for plenty of frustration. However it has a charm that you don't find in many new age shooters, you'll need team play, tactics, and patience.Also like a 12 year old game there is no DLC, DRM, season passes, year 2 passes, skins, map packs, or any of the other crap that ruins modern FPS. Take the good and the bad and pick this up, it's a great sucessor to Rising Storm and will definitly scratch that BF Vietnam itch you've been nursing for many years."
76561198061411805,Recommended,418460,32097564,Posted: 31 May,all,Yung Free,those freaking elves man they just came out of the trees man they just came out of the trees...... heres to snap
,Recommended,418460,32076125,Posted: 30 May,all,Daigo,10/10Needs more Creedence Clearwater Revival.
76561198104808332,Recommended,418460,32600716,Posted: 20 June,all,Burro,For the price it's a must buy
76561197961852836,Recommended,418460,32601168,Posted: 20 June,all,LKDragon,"There may be players that got used to Red Orchestra and expected this to be a newer, shinier iteration of the franchise. Let's be honest, they are only similar in the interface they share.WWII and the Vietnam War were very different, and the pace of the games differ accordingly. Whereas Red Orchestra and Rising Storm had more set and steady battle lines, the conflict in Rising Storm 2: Vietnam is *very* fluid. Flanking and sneak attacks from the jungle are the rule, not the exception. With both North Vietnamese tunnels and the US helos on Supremacy, your objectives can potentially be attacked from any direction.The variety of traps that the North Vietnamese employs means the US troops always take a risk going through the jungle or running anywhere, really. I've held objectives alone by continuously setting mines everywhere and shooting anyone that stops to disarm them. And skilled RPG operators can pick off cocky helo pilots. (Bad ones, however, will get their squad killed in their backblast).On the other side, the US firepower is impressive if used correctly. With White Phosphorus grenades, flamethrowers, and the M79 Grenade Launcher, the US side has little excuse for not clearing buildings once they reach them. And when the going gets tough, the tough call in air support. An F-4 with a pair of napalm bombs are excellent objective clearing weapons, and it's very difficult to call in SAM support in time to stop it.If you get frustrated easily, this may not be the game for you. Remember, Vietnam was a conflict that bred tragedy and despair, not to mention paranoia. You will get ambushed. You will get sniped. You will get blown up by explosives you never even noticed.But if you're clever, you'll do the same to the enemy time plenty times over.8/10 Would set village on fire again."
76561198054007769,Recommended,418460,32483643,Posted: 16 June,all,Le Derp,You will develop PTSD at the end of this experience.
76561197973770408,Recommended,418460,32600191,Posted: 20 June,all,kr00m,"If you can overlook dated graphics and are patient enough to learn the unique FPS mechanics, like Red Orchestra, this game offers a lot. The maps are interesting and do not always playout the same combat scenarios. Team work out pace personal skill. In addition to an awesome sound design, awareness of your surroundings isn’t only necessary for your survival but your teammates as well (friendly fire). Well worth the asking price!"
,Recommended,418460,32593567,Posted: 20 June,all,Xd,"Needs more maps, but good game overall"
,Recommended,418460,32074758,Posted: 30 May,all,MaxTeky,"Mortar fire, endless screams and the constant stench of burning flesh and waterbuffalo shjt.I aint' no fortunate one."
,Recommended,418460,32074395,Posted: 30 May,all,GladiatorRising,11/10 would die again.
76561198170206217,Recommended,418460,32073521,Posted: 30 May,all,[TAW] Mr Bean,I put a claymore behind a vietcong sniper and blew him up. I love this game 10/10
,Recommended,418460,32069942,Posted: 30 May,all,Radiator,"GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD MORNING VIETNAAAAAAAAAAAAMHey, this is not a test, this is rock and roll!Time to rock it from the delta to the DMZ!"
,Recommended,418460,32072455,Posted: 30 May,all,LuDe22,"GOOD MORNING, VIETNAM!Rising Storm 2 delivers on authentic Vietnam battles. The balance between the factions is really well done.Preformance is also fantastic, I get solid 140+ frames 95% of the time(Ultra Settings)Hardcore gameplay. Most of the time you can kill or be killed with just one bullet.Team work mattersWithout good team work you will not win any map.Squad up and STAY with your squadThe CoD, BF style of gameplay will not work here!The learning curve is a steep one!Great game from a bunch of great devs!"
,Recommended,418460,32074194,Posted: 30 May,all,humanvegetableonline2002,"You smell that? Do you smell that?... Napalm, son.Smells like... Victory"
,Recommended,418460,32076735,Posted: 30 May,all,Xlord Pagan Cyberberserker,IT AIN'T ME
,Recommended,418460,32069446,Posted: 30 May,all,Bluehunter,"""Uncle Sam sends his regards, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s!"""
,Recommended,418460,32072960,Posted: 30 May,all,KyleJames0408,"Hello Fellow Soldiers,I recommend Rising Storm 2: Vietnam! It certainly captivates what the war was really like in terms of how you're often shot from what appears to be nowhere. I won't lie, it was certainly frustrating at first but I definitely got a hang of it as I progressed. Weapon functions, movement, and the general gameplay is stunning! I love everything, especially how you unlock more clothing and looks for your soldiers as your progress in levels. It's a great system and a strong captivation of how the war went. The underground tunnels that the Vietcong travel in were something that I was pleased to see because that was one of the main reasons why America lost the war! They accurately represented the war as gory and terrifying. I loved hearing Creedence Clearwater Revival at the beginning as well, it really made my day to hear them as the menu screen. It's definitely a great game, I strongly recommend it as a shooter!-Kyle James"
,Recommended,418460,32066994,Posted: 30 May,all,🅱️dge,this game is so beast holy♥♥♥♥♥♥hill 937 in the trap with my draco lol m16 not working in tunnels (the trap) nice tech u ♥♥♥♥ing monkey na noob NA LUL CX FREE ICE
,Recommended,418460,32067370,Posted: 30 May,all,nein,"Yeah, come on all of you, big strong men, Uncle Sam needs your help againHe's got himself in a terrible jam, way down yonder in VietnamSo put down your books and pick up a gun, we're gonna have a whole lotta fun!"
,Recommended,418460,32071406,Posted: 30 May,all,Mr.crowley,Absolutely wonderful.  This game is definetly one of the best historical shooters I have ever played.  It's not only really easy to get into but it's also loads of fun.So what are you waiting for GI?  Go buy the game!
,Recommended,418460,32068247,Posted: 30 May,all,Duke Of Ichabod,"First Vietnam game that I've enjoyed since BFBC2: Vietnam, and I'm sure many feel the same.I love the atmosphere, wepons, and the graphics. I just wish they did the same thing they did with BF and had ground vehicles that played authentic 60's music."
,Recommended,418460,32069883,Posted: 30 May,all,Conger,YOU GO HOME GEE AYE.
76561198156186116,Recommended,418460,32070769,Posted: 30 May,all,♣ Falcon ♣,Very fun game I am loving it.
76561197970413755,Recommended,418460,32091990,Posted: 31 May,all,Blake,"Very intense, and gritty combat. Really tons of fun, great maps, just not many maps yet. I would love more urban maps. A map with a big bridge to fight over too, would be cool! Great game. Highly recommend.Sounds beautiful, looks great. Fantastic features such as helicopters and tunnels.I'd really love the devs of this, to create World War 1 in this style one day!"
,Recommended,418460,32076110,Posted: 30 May,all,Lick me I have Leprosy,"this game gives me hope that there are still some companies out there that actually want to make a good game without utilizing every cheese tactic to squeeze every bit of money they can out of their consumerstrust me on this one, the thousand yard stare and flashbacks are well worth itbuy this game already"
76561198068174234,Recommended,418460,32090792,Posted: 31 May,all,TheWorluck,Before reading my review i would like to say that the negative reviews are dumb. the gamre is balanced incredibly in my opinion for example teams have limited class avaliability so any negative reviews talking about the game being a sniper fest is just complete BS. visuals are nice and the the game overall works very well. I would reccomened RS2 because it not only has dedicated developers but also a very dedicated community. 10/10.
76561197971200127,Recommended,418460,32068580,Posted: 30 May,all,Awesome!,It's Red Orchestra with a Vietnam skin and helicopters. Lacks content but the low price point negates this issue.
76561198151670756,Recommended,418460,32069020,Posted: 30 May,all,uncle phil (KYS ALL),"After you read this, I guarantee you will feel sorry for me.Imagine this. You are attracted to women, like you are now (emotionally and sexually), but they do not exist. They existed a long time ago, and no one knows what they looked like (They have a pretty good idea from the fossils, however), but they do not exist anymore. That means, not only do you know there will never be any possibility of you having sex with one, but there's not even a possibility of you ever seeing one in real life. Everyone else, however, except for a very few, are not attracted to women, they are attracted to something else entirely. So in other words, you will never find any porn anywhere on the internet, only non-sexual pictures of women. Everyone you have told about your attraction to women think it's disgusting. To relieve yourself, you get off on the non-sexual pictures of women, knowing it will never get any better.That's what life is like to me.I am a degree 6 Zoosexual, sexually and emotionally attracted to Tyrannosaurs and nothing else.Women don't even do it for me. I am cursed to live my life in the misery that my most powerful emotional fantasies will never be even close to coming true. Life is like hell to me. I will never know true love."
,Recommended,418460,32290496,Posted: 9 June,all,Fourman,"While it still needs some work to smooth some minor quality of life issues, I am having an absolute blast with RS2: Vietnam. Playing as US Army/Marines in a dense jungle to city landscape against an enemy that can lay traps while working around you without being seen via tunnels or being NVA/Vietcong moving meticulously from point to point to avoid aerial bombardment with uses of fire that would scare even the bravest men. Maps are overall decently designed but there are some that should have been given a bit more attention. The customization is a fun incentive for ranking up.For the price it is being offered as I write this review ($24.99) it is a decent FPS for a great price. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,418460,32094729,Posted: 31 May,all,FapHands,Killed my team leader with a pickaxe. Got vote-kicked.Lovely game.-11/9No fidgetspinners.
76561198140064181,Recommended,418460,32358231,Posted: 11 June,all,Agent Wiskey,"This game is great, makes me feel like im getting ptsd"
,Recommended,418460,32161459,Posted: 3 June,all,Nath_that_guy,It's my go to game.A really fun game full of strategy and teamwork. you can play on your own but it always helps to comunicate. This game is a realistic and millatary sim like game.
76561197997423371,Recommended,418460,32208398,Posted: 5 June,all,TEFLON DON 永遠のトランプ,Great game and a very solid FPS experience that rewards tactical play over just running in guns blazing and rewards teamwork. I highly recommend this game.
76561198192759149,Recommended,418460,32335562,Posted: 10 June,all,Bradf1992,Great immersive experience.
76561198006689226,Recommended,418460,32148762,Posted: 3 June,all,[kain]daddy1986,"Before you buy this you should ask yourself the following question.Are you one of those guys that claims everything that kills you is OP and or the guy is cheating? Then don't buy this game and save yourself a high blood pressure!For all oher people who are new to this game i would say get ready to die and learn. getting 1 shotted is more rule then exception and at first the game will feel overwhelming. Stick it out for a day or 2 and you will see it will get better quick.Pro's?- Reliable engine (unreal3) so not heavy on the peformance issues like so many other games.- An almost mature playerbase where you can actually use a mic and not get a reply like how many dudes have been with your mom!- Alot of Bang for your buck- The vietnam setting is with the jungle etc is really enjoyable and nice to watch imoCons?- No singleplayer- Steep learning curve- Your team can lose simply when the commander isnt good enough- I think the ammount of anti infantry abilities for a commander is a bit high (every 3 min)Conclusion.IF you want a challenge and have the patience then i see no reason not to give this a try. Im glad i did and i have been playing it for 2 days in a row now. The biggest pro for me is that u can just start it up and be in a match 2 min later and can just leave after each match not having to think about unlocks, perks etc but just core gameplay."
,Recommended,418460,32343872,Posted: 11 June,all,Maxrolon XD,This game is so realistic.The communication in team is so good(sometime is so bad).This is my fist time play Red Orchestra Series and I very impressive.But have some bug and glitchs.I very loveeeeeeeeeeeeeee this game. :D  Best game I ever play.Very recommend this game.And we fight fo ricefield.
,Recommended,418460,32246603,Posted: 7 June,all,Micke,This game gave me PTSD.
76561198079778755,Recommended,418460,32265881,Posted: 8 June,all,AhoyPapi,Awesome and fun game so far...Graphics aren't bad and has a overall good good gameplay. The maps do get a bit boring to play as there isn't many to choose from but im sure the developers will be adding more as the time comes. 100% reccomend this game if you enjoy high paced FPS games.
76561198090785885,Recommended,418460,32324642,Posted: 10 June,all,CyberWatch,Realy nice looking game. Sometimes salty. The best thing about the game is to drop the napalm over the Communists and drink their tears. Murica
,Recommended,418460,32173487,Posted: 4 June,all,InFerNos1,"It's great.Pros;- Things not in cons.Cons;- Reserved slots: 58/64 players -> click join -> 'server is full'- Not many maps.- Maps feel empty when the player count is around 50 or lower. (at all times there will be about 10 dead, about the same if not more heading to combat, the rest are spread out between capture points).- In-experienced users in command positions. Sure they need to learn, but some just choose the role not knowing it's a command thing (like squad leader positions)"
76561198002138276,Recommended,418460,32110866,Posted: 1 June,all,Freddy Bluefingers,Curising in my huey above the rice fields of vietnam high on lsd.drop off a squaddust offwatch them all die in the middle of the jungle11/10 would drop acid in vietnam again
76561198269576333,Recommended,418460,32223047,Posted: 6 June,all,Apenjoch,"First game I play as Vietcong unlock achievement ""Welcome to the rice fields"""
76561197961118628,Recommended,418460,32320691,Posted: 10 June,all,Jupa,I just know that Charles is out there somewhere
,Recommended,418460,32304460,Posted: 9 June,all,So Edgy,I like the part where you get teamkilled
76561198015355376,Recommended,418460,32077501,Posted: 30 May,all,{sBc} Bane5,"If you like a hardcore FPS but not a simulation game, this is for you. Welcome to the jungle."
76561198080669813,Recommended,418460,32076350,Posted: 30 May,all,Old Bastard,The horror.... The horror.Charlie don't surf
76561198026180932,Recommended,418460,32182079,Posted: 4 June,all,Thomas the Anti-Tank Engine,"(True Story) I broke my fist by punching my table because of :1:Me getting a teamkill, cause some idiot ran in front of my MG(+5 salt level)2: The guy doesn't forgive me because reasons (+2salt level)3: i get teamkilled by idiots not watching their maps before throwing nades (+12 salt level)4: then i get killed by enemy whilst behind a wall due to de-sync (+20 salt level )5: my internet decides to completly die on me and i get 500 ping (+40 salt level)adding the facts that i was drunk and i am stupid♥♥♥♥♥♥ i punched the ♥♥♥♥in hell outta my table until i broke my fist.Now seriously this isn't a bad review, this is pretty much a ""résumé"" of this game's problems. glitches still present during beta, stuttering, game beeing bad at teaching what to do+newbie community. These problems are quite big, but the game itself is awesome and said bugs are going to be fixed next patch9/10 would break fist again."
,Recommended,418460,32371559,Posted: 12 June,all,X112 Max,its very good
76561198081582208,Recommended,418460,32135541,Posted: 2 June,all,Cpt.GoldFish,brilliant game play well and the weapons feel very nice + m79 who doesnt love the thumper.
,Recommended,418460,32068127,Posted: 30 May,all,Alien Boogaloo,"As a veteran from Red Orchestra 1 & 2, as well as the first Rising Storm, I was coming into the game with some pretty high hopes. Usually, this is the first step on the road to disappointment, but I had faith in AMG.I got into the beta, excited.You launch the game.. and you're greeted by CCR's ""Run Through The Jungle"".From there on, I've rushed caps on my own with nothing but an old Mosin, I've taken out the whole enemy team with a good arty mark, Won the game with a clean napalm strike, killed countless GI's with boobytraps and had multiple flashbacks while my Vietnam playlist in the background was taunting me as artillery hit the ground all around me.Good times. Glad to see the king of modern ""hardcore"" shooters make a return in full glory.And for $25 before discount? Absolute steal. In just the beta, I've clocked in 25 hours, so if I was to pay a dollar per hour of entertainment, and compare this to, lets say, a movie at the theaters, I've already had far more entertainment value for the money, and there's gonna be a lot more to come.Expect the time to hit 125h shortly.10/10."
,Recommended,418460,32115535,Posted: 1 June,all,[1P-16] Hoyt Carrie,Here is my review of Rising Storm 2: Vietnamhttps://youtu.be/fveGldualu8
76561198158198787,Recommended,418460,32071901,Posted: 30 May,all,kanungdan,wtf ar you doing here its a Rising Storm game just buy it
76561198108268747,Recommended,418460,32093517,Posted: 31 May,all,BainCat™,I love the smell of napalm in the morning
,Recommended,418460,32077498,Posted: 30 May,all,specialDFX,"Overall great game. Gripes:In-game chatter - cheesy as ♥♥♥♥, wish it was more authenticCombat sound;gunfire, explosions - not great, not terrible, when compared to sound quality in vaguely similar games (Squad), pretty lacking.Learning curve - If you're not of at least slightly above average skill you're going to get absolutely s**t on over and over and over, get super frustrated not knowing where in the ♥♥♥♥ you got headshotted from 15 times in a row, and not have much fun. Obviously blame can't be placed on developers for this but it is what it is.Performance is impressive, graphics are fully acceptable, relative lack of bugs is pleasing. Core gameplay mechanics are as good as/an improvement over RO2/RS."
,Recommended,418460,32150613,Posted: 3 June,all,L33K0,bird bird bird is the word 10/10
,Recommended,418460,32110896,Posted: 1 June,all,GmanGavin,I like it
,Recommended,418460,32174612,Posted: 4 June,all,<MANiA> Nature,"I've played all the previous games, and this one is absolutely amazing. It's as close to Vietnam as you will get. The visuals, sounds, and brutality actually make the game challenging. There's a steep learning curve, but after a few hours you should synch with the flow of the game. I can tell that I'm going to be hooked on this game for many hours!!!"
,Recommended,418460,32181672,Posted: 4 June,all,Draxx,i was walking over a bridge in some Vietnamese shanty town. then i hear a snap and the screen goes black... 10/10 best death animation around
76561198215987741,Recommended,418460,32180376,Posted: 4 June,all,Geertje Wilderzzz,very nice game xd
76561198054035498,Recommended,418460,32073488,Posted: 30 May,all,RandySpaceManSavage,GI Go Home
,Recommended,418460,32072947,Posted: 30 May,all,fLrAeNak (Flake),Great damn game!
,Recommended,418460,32167512,Posted: 3 June,all,JPark91,"A guy tossed a grenade into a building thinking there is an enemy.Suddenly another guy yells at mic ""dude who the **** tossed grenade NOOOOOO!""tip: type ""np"" to forgive teamkilling.Best game ever."
,Recommended,418460,32170851,Posted: 4 June,all,bucktoofhilbily,Joined a game on the Vietnamese sideSaw that my teamates names were-Gook Nukem-Gooks of Hazard-Kentucky fried dog10/10 -Go Home GI
76561198029151925,Recommended,418460,32112675,Posted: 1 June,all,Cros,"I wanted to enjoy this summer being out with my friends, drinking beers and those things. Well, it seems like  i'll be  playing this game whole the time."
76561198045991284,Recommended,418460,32085216,Posted: 31 May,all,Jonnysahn,Horrible Vietnamese accents and racism. 10/10
,Recommended,418460,32158351,Posted: 3 June,all,Night,"This game was great that it give me ""Vietnam Flashback"" eveytime i play..."
,Recommended,418460,32077859,Posted: 30 May,all,KUANGYU,"How about add the south vietnam army into the game also the tank and armor vehicles will be better, and this game will become masterpiece."
76561198079780361,Recommended,418460,32268350,Posted: 8 June,all,BOOM1394,"Satisfying sounds, not for beginner fps players, and teamwork is a must. If you want to play an important role, research it first. If you want to fly, research first. This isnt cod or battlefield.Has crashed a few times randomly after a death. But i can get a match done majority of the time.Was between this or PUBG but i dont regret this buy."
,Recommended,418460,32264487,Posted: 8 June,all,pajilaya dura4ina,WELCOME TO THE RICE FIELDS MOTHERFUK3R
,Recommended,418460,32266516,Posted: 8 June,all,L 1 A M,Get this game if you are in to realism type shooters! The only probelm i have with this game right now is the lack off maps there is in the game other then that it's a great realism shooter that you should try! worth the money.
76561197969990621,Recommended,418460,32284733,Posted: 8 June,all,RedGabe,"Compared to RO1 and RO2 / RS is this game pretty weak. It lacks much and is made so much dumber, more casual. I dont like that a bit but I can see why, they want to meet a wider audience and esp the american market.However, I still ejoy playing this game and a lot about it is good to. It's so much more fun with a bunch of friends, sp team up.Buy it and run through the jungle.. and get shot! :)"
,Recommended,418460,32280105,Posted: 8 June,all,Suelle,Go home G.I.
,Recommended,418460,32281836,Posted: 8 June,all,MotoNurse,No review necessary. Buy it.
76561197966945733,Recommended,418460,32271366,Posted: 8 June,all,Brave Little Toaster,A man blew up next to me.I stopped and took in the gore of his dismembered body.The screen went black.10/10
,Recommended,418460,32258847,Posted: 7 June,all,ZANO,"This game is great! Only thing I dont like, is lack of player on player spawns.Although it keeps it inline with the realism I suppose."
,Recommended,418460,32173428,Posted: 4 June,all,Vapez,Very good game and (WARNING: The game is really hard when you start and you need to practice alot)The game needs to be played with teamwork and strategies.
76561198273231923,Recommended,418460,32303976,Posted: 9 June,all,dakotataylor563,"Bought this game a week and a half ago, played it once for 2 hours had an amazing time. The game crashed and ever since then when i try to launch the game it crashes and gives me a bug splat report!!!! can someone please help??"
,Recommended,418460,32376703,Posted: 12 June,all,King in the North,Can finally be Lt. Dan and call napalm on myself 10/10
,Recommended,418460,32073234,Posted: 30 May,all,Puncuck,Not enough fortunate son
76561197970428045,Recommended,418460,32415873,Posted: 14 June,all,FrankenNoxx,"Brutal, unforgiving, and authentic.""You will be in a world of s h i t"". Also make sure you check out the ""Woodstock Experince"" for that ""I thought it would be a good idea to drop LSD in a war zone"" experince. I cannot recommend this game enough. ""I don't know what I've been told, eskimo p u s  s y is mighty cold. mmm good. Tastes good. feels good."""
,Recommended,418460,32421251,Posted: 14 June,all,Gator,Is that you John Wayne?Is this me?
,Recommended,418460,32071483,Posted: 30 May,all,Nilop,I love the game.I really do. Nothing really comes close to Rising Storm 2 in my eyes.They're fixing/fixed the helicopter crash bug.The devs love us.
,Recommended,418460,32083960,Posted: 31 May,all,MedievalMetal,Just buy it. It'll make you happy.
,Recommended,418460,32402123,Posted: 13 June,all,Pvt. D. Lombardi [508th 2P]-1S-,Getting PTSD has never been more fun.
,Recommended,418460,32362406,Posted: 12 June,all,Isemat,"RS2 vietnam is an improvement to the red orchestra franchise and a big leap forward from Rising Storm1. Gone is the levelling system that rewards you with improved stats and guns, the only thing you unlock now are cosmetics, which I am fine with. The combat is intense and feels right for its setting; tunnel fighting, intense cqc and desperate search for the hidden enemy in vast jungle areas is all there.There are some minor techincal problems and slight balance issues, but fixes for those are on the way.So what are you waiting for? Pack up your gear, find yourself a good server and squad up."
,Recommended,418460,32370854,Posted: 12 June,all,Zer0 | Billy Ray Cyrus,"Every time I think I'm going to wake up back in  the jungle. When I was home after my first gameplay, it was worse. I'd wake up and there'd be nothing...I hardly said a word to my wife until I said yes to a divorce.  When I was playing Rising Storm 2 I wanted to be there. When I was there, all I could think of was getting back into the jungle. Every minute I'm not playing Rising Storm 2 I get weaker. And every minute Charlie squats in the bush he gets stronger. Each time I look around the walls move in a little tighter. Everyone gets everything he wants. I wanted a sequel to Rising Storm, and for my sins they gave me one. Brought it up to me like room service."
76561198117430211,Recommended,418460,32357886,Posted: 11 June,all,Cody Cigar,>sitting in the jungle with my brothers>really regretting not breaking my leg to avoid the draft>chink spotted>start blasting commies>fall over and hear a metal dink>what the ♥♥♥♥>says i died and i get an achievement>Unlucky>go to read the description of the achievement>Be killed by an aircraft that has been shot down>i got killed by a spy plane that fell out of the sky and got rewarded for it10/10 could not recommend this enough
,Recommended,418460,32091107,Posted: 31 May,all,Sneaky Turtle,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this fun... I played the Beta and the transistion was seamless...Pros:+ Graphics+ Low intensity on PC+ Large player base+ Straightforward yet complex gameplay which allows for varying types of gameplay+ Many weapons and variants (I love the shotguns)+ MUSIC IS AWESOMECons:- Servers are either full, empty, or over 100 ping (just wait a few minutes and you'll find one)- Can seem a bit daunting in the beginning with the realistic aiming and movement.Overall, BUY IT."
76561197999428703,Recommended,418460,32081210,Posted: 31 May,all,Nitnit,"Pros:Cheaper than most FPS gamesNo DLC's or microtransactionsGreat gunplayGreat sounds and visualsWell made mapsGreat community for the most partCons:Movement is a bit buggy and you will get stuck on stupid♥♥♥♥♥♥Some of the texture work could be better, but still good for the pricetagoverall: 8/10 - great game with big potential"
,Recommended,418460,32087018,Posted: 31 May,all,Winters,"I only recommend it if you like simulator type games. As this game caters more to a hardcore experience, where one bullet can put you down at anytime. Map knowledge is important and while teamwork is not a must it does make the match easier."
,Recommended,418460,32069055,Posted: 30 May,all,FeelAlive,Actually one of the best game made for vietnam war era. The developers worked really hard to fix the bugs unlike certain games. I recommend this game if you're into realistic warfare.
76561198116740648,Recommended,418460,32085567,Posted: 31 May,all,Genghis Khan,You're never too young to have a Vietnam flashback
76561198048438944,Recommended,418460,32089107,Posted: 31 May,all,Yoloshanks,"I do reccomend this game especially for the price, but there are still a few things that are broken in the game that should have been fixed. I will go into a bit of detail about them.First, the pros:Graphics for UE3 are top notch, and show just what a custom UE3 engine can deliver.Gameplay is similar to the previous, and is super fun and takes a lot of time which is also a nice thing. those 5 minutes games on CoD suck.Gun variety is great compared to previous installments, and the addition of choppas is a nice thing.Character customization is also a nice little niche to have!Map development is also superb, the maps are just gorgeously detailed. Welcome to the rice fields ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.Cons:The same bugged crawling♥♥♥♥♥♥as in the previous games. You crawl, and then it bugs out and either makes you crouch, or you just spaz out when all you're trying to do is crawl a little so you can aim better. Really infuriates me, and makes me lose kills, and even get killed from doing it. I don't know how the devs coul possibly enjoy seeing this happen, should have been fixed for this game.A similar thing is when you're crouched, or prone, and you zoom in... what do you see through the iron sight or scope? Nothing that is in the way of your aim, yet... when you shoot...? You hit dirt, hit the wall, hit metal, as if something is in your way. Really ♥♥♥♥ing stupid thing to not be fixed either, if the game had dedicated cover like the previous game did and you zoom and come over the top of cover that would not happen, Whoever removed dedicated cover is an idiot in my eyes.US can't use primary weapon in tunnels? like wtf. whoever thought of that idea is a ♥♥♥♥ing dumb♥♥♥♥♥ it's a tunnel for christ sake, just use the gun like they would have done.TLDR:devs are amazing, but they have removed some core things that should have stayed in the game. Some things NEED to be fixed, it's infuriating as hell when you die because of a bug in game that was also in the previous game. These two things made me stop playting RS1 for the same principle. it's not fun shooting into dirt when you clearly are aiming at nothing but a ♥♥♥♥ing guys head.7/10, would be 9.5/10 if these problems were fixed before release. For the price, definitely reccomended."
,Recommended,418460,32071645,Posted: 30 May,all,pressurized meme,gave me PTSD
,Recommended,418460,32146326,Posted: 3 June,all,Gonaho,Mark Wahlberg's favourite game.
,Recommended,418460,32163344,Posted: 3 June,all,Ran,"Still kinda buggy and unpolished, but if you could put up with RO2/RS's jankiness then this is a very solid sequel."
76561198007386402,Recommended,418460,32068221,Posted: 30 May,all,sikkwittet,"YESCHHH!!!!!the follow up of Rising storm, which was a good addition to red orchestra 2.They build on these great games before.Learn to play, git guud...n enjoy."
76561198043625070,Recommended,418460,32110740,Posted: 1 June,all,Dik McWiggletit,The only game I die more than Dark Souls and still have a great♥♥♥♥♥time.  Rising Storm 2: Prepare To Die Edition.
76561198038565415,Recommended,418460,32165621,Posted: 3 June,all,OG Alcoholic Stepdad,Shoot Communists.Dig tunnels.Throw smoke.Light Communists on fire.
76561198048779036,Recommended,418460,32066559,Posted: 30 May,all,Drill sgt 98,its a great game id recommend anyone who enjoyed previous games to get it
,Recommended,418460,32116852,Posted: 1 June,all,RVN. None Of This Matters,GET IT YOU FOOLS
,Recommended,418460,32115134,Posted: 1 June,all,DoctorGnome,Did you like RO:2?If yes. Then buy this game. It's RO:2 with more fun stuff added to it.
,Recommended,418460,32113520,Posted: 1 June,all,Hexadecimale,"I am a noob in all its splendor with this dev team and game. Although I have tons of experience with FPS for past.. since inception really and I've played it to some extent of 100 to 2000 hours+.Game maps are definitely topnotch:The level design beats anything out there and pretty much offer degrees of variety in tactic and strategy unseen ever before! Commander will love it and Commanders will have night frights and migraines for sure.US and Viet sides clearly seem asymetric balance offering each camp a little falir of their own which I cant spoil, you gotta try it!I love the fact the developers create multiple roles that symbiotically work well together but moreover, they also dictate maximum roles deployment. That latter point provide an alternative to stupidity and freedom smashed together too foten seen in other FPS where those games become incredibly dull and brainless. In that  little experience I have, it forces players to interact more with the map, the commander and overall more team FPS in the game.I am super glad game maps can reach 64 players.I like the menu song and I wish they would propagate music era throughout the game, of course viet music being for their side. It adds a flair ;-)The UGLY:-I find game with decent Ping of 20ish to 70ish MS where a total of 52 to 63 players already are in the game. I just can't join because ""servers are full"". Reload those server list and same servers pop with usually same player count.- The game needs tons of work. The game is far from smooth, and needs more work in several areas.So do I recommend this game. Absolutely yes but know that the game is not polished AT ALL!!!!"
,Recommended,418460,32084093,Posted: 31 May,all,Fremen,Ricing stolm 2: Viet Nam.Soviet guns vs G.I. staff.Boiled rice vs Moarbroro smokes.RPG's vs Choppers.Traps vs napalm smell in the morning.And even fried rice on hamburger hill!
76561198094546670,Recommended,418460,32091415,Posted: 31 May,all,The Little Seal,"Really good game but deffinately challengeing, be prepared to die a lot"
76561198044507094,Recommended,418460,32122187,Posted: 1 June,all,Chris,"ProsGameplay: The game features fast pace combat in city terrain as well as long range engagements across jungles and hills. Your success greatly depends on how well your team communicates and adapts to the changing battlefield. This leads to an extremely fun experience where you are constantly struggling to take points and hold them. Downside is that if your team doesnt communicate you run into the fun of getting absolutely stomped and shutdown by a much better team.Customization: Unlike the previous title, RS2 gives you a little bit of customization for your character. It isnt much customization, but it is cool nonetheless and is a decent feature added to the game. There is a small variety of weapons, however i think there is more in RS2 than there was in RS1. The one change i noticed is that you no longer have to individually level a class or a gun to get acces to overpowered extended magazines or better weapons. This change is great as it allows players to always have the same choices and doesn't encourage kicking people from roles simply because they dont have a particular overpowered MG unlocked.Misc Pros: The addition of helis is something that i find absolutely amazing. There is nothing more exciting then having to do a touch and go under heavy enemy machine gun fire as your troops rush to get out of the chopper. The new spawn mechanics introduced for the viet cong are fresh and new, it allows for better dynamic gameplay and shows how both sides differ in terms of strategy.ConsMaps: One of the biggest dissapointments for me when playing this game is its lack of maps. I love to play territory but there is only 3 large territory maps and if you dont like to play Hue city, hill, or CuChi city all the time, than you are sol. I will give credit and say that the maps are well designed and very fun to play, but the total lack of maps in general is extremely underwhelming. I'm sure Tripwire will introduce more maps for free, but until then you will be stuck playing the same 5 maps over and over.Lack of Campaign mode: The only reason i played RO2 and RS1 so much is because of the multiplayer campaign mode. Sadly this isn't present in RS2, at all. I hope that once they add more maps they will put in a campaign mode for multiplayer, but this is probably one of the biggest things that bummed me out the most will playing RS2.Misc Complaints: Game is still very buggy as it still has the classic proning problems where your guy will randomly stand and prone multiple times for no apparent reason. Deploying the bipod will sometimes glitch out the object its being deployed on {ie. deploying on a fence may cause it to wiggle around lol). I sometimes will glitch through the ground for a moment which is pretty annoying. If you want to deploy on squad leader but slightly misclick the confirm button it will reset it to auto-deploy.Final ThoughtsThe game is very fun as it is. The price tag at the time of me buying it was on sale at $22 which i feel is perfectly fine for the type of game that it is currently. If you want a good and realistic vietnam game to play, i recommend picking up this one as you probably wont get tired of the 5 maps until you dump quite a bit of hours into it. If your looking for other vietnam esque sims than i recommend picking up something like Arma 3 Apex or even the old battlefiled vietnam. Final score for this game through meticulous calculations is a solid 7/10 only being brought down that low due to its lack of maps and sometimes buggy gameplay."
,Recommended,418460,32110608,Posted: 1 June,all,Lord of the Morning,bretty gud
,Recommended,418460,32112962,Posted: 1 June,all,quelin,"If you liked Battlefield Vietnam, you will like this."
,Recommended,418460,32099818,Posted: 31 May,all,neo,"In an age of half-baked games, terrible game breaking bugs and cheaters worse than ever, Antimatter and Tripwire somehow managed to come out with a game that is so old in it's ideas yet so refreshing and exhilarating to play. Rising Storm 2: Vietnam is the perfect game to scratch that realistic, tactical shooter itch you've been having since Insurgency wasn't quite doing it for you.PROS:+ Smoother and more fluid gameplay compared to Rising Storm 1+ Guns feel heavy and extremely responsive, are extremely deadly and fly all over the place when you shoot+ Bright vibrant maps with a variation of dense forests and ravaged city streets+ Great community so far, players help each other out and teamwork is actually present in gameplay+ Realistic PTSD-inducing audio+ Heli's are fun to fly+ Great pricetag for value (in terms of entertainment and hours spent/will be spent)NEUTRAL/IDEAS:= Singleplayer campaign would be cool= Limited amount of maps at launch, but they're all well designed and more custom maps are on the way= Limited amount of guns. Perhaps i'm spoiled by other modern shooters, but even though they're trying to be historically accurate there were more guns in the war than there are in the game= Slight advantage when playing U.S. on most maps/gamemodes due to having heli and slightly better guns. Once again historically acurate, but it doesn't affect gameplay that much. Get good.= Some movements and animations are a bit clunky stillCONS:- Few bugs still need to be polished out- A lot of times you'll find tons of full 64 player servers but the rest of the servers are empty- Limited amount of special classes, join a server mid game and you're most likely going to be stuck as a riflemen the rest of the roundIf you enjoy FPS games with a realistic and tactical edge to it, Rising Storm 2: Vietnam might be the best game out right now for you. Teamwork based combat, large maps, long battles, everything you could want in a multiplayer FPS.9/10 Must Buy"
76561198056655348,Recommended,418460,32073158,Posted: 30 May,all,Spockitans,I rushed through the crossfire to get to my commander who was pinned down and needed a radioman.He called in a napalm strike.We got ready for some Vietnamese BBQ.He used the wrong coordinates and we were all killed instantly.10/10 Would be BBQ'ed again.
,Recommended,418460,32078206,Posted: 30 May,all,BlueDreamSmoke,"YOURE GOING TO DIE. YOURE GOING TO DIE A LOT.But the kills you get are so satisfying, it makes up for it.The immersive gameplay is amazing as well.The fact that the screen goes black when shot in the head, andthe moaning when only hit in the chest, is awesome.IF YOU WORK AS A TEAM AND DONT RUSH OBJECTIVES ON YOUR OWN, you will make it."
,Recommended,418460,32080156,Posted: 31 May,all,Xiogang,GO HOME GI!Best game EVER!!!
76561198121573168,Recommended,418460,32107073,Posted: 1 June,all,Roberto Ramirez,why yes please.
,Recommended,418460,32079830,Posted: 31 May,all,Waultor Wyte,"Thoughts after playing:-Every time I think I'm gonna wake up back in the jungle. When I was home after my first tour, it was worse. I'd wake up and there'd be nothing.-I hardly said a word to my wife, until I said ""yes"" to a divorce. When I was here, I wanted to be there; when I was there, all I could think of was getting back into the jungle.-Every minute I stay in this room, I get weaker, and every minute Charlie squats in the bush, he gets stronger.-Each time I looked around the walls moved in a little tighter."
,Recommended,418460,32114954,Posted: 1 June,all,Arbosa,This brings me back to Battlefield Vietnam.
,Recommended,418460,32094886,Posted: 31 May,all,himynameislee,http://deadstate.org/medal-of-honor-recipient-reveals-he-was-high-on-marijuana-when-he-fought-off-two-waves-of-vietcong-single-handedly/
76561197992056145,Recommended,418460,32220405,Posted: 6 June,all,Imperator Caesar Augustus,"Just like you're in a Vietnam movie, especially with the abient music! :)"
,Recommended,418460,32215135,Posted: 6 June,all,Omega Von Doom,"A great game, when you can get it to run.Seriously, some nights the game starts up with no issues and other nights it either won't launch or its having issues with the stupid ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t Easy Anti Cheat software, So you follow all the steps the peeps online tell you and eventually it runs.When it does run though, this game is a thrill ride. The most intense action I've played in a long while. It's isn't the steepest learning curve, but it's there. You will die a lot at the start. BUT be patient, scout ahead, learn to read your maps and make sure you work with your squad. In fact, the game is more about pushing objectives with squad mates then it is about making kills. The game even rewards you more for caping objectives.Go grunt to learn the ropes, or if you're really ballsy, go Pointman and just have fun. BUT don't give up on the game when you're buy it and feel that it's tough.Whatever you do; just keep your head down and keep pushing forward."
,Recommended,418460,32214505,Posted: 5 June,all,Koncave,the...horror...the...horror
76561198048320037,Recommended,418460,32178231,Posted: 4 June,all,NOPE,"Gooooooooooooooooood morning vietnam!I just love hearing charlie scream in pain when they get shot and that sweet ♥♥♥♥♥♥ic cling when you blow their head offwith a well aimed shot from your m16.Everybody is saying they love napalm but that's no fun, I like getting them roasted up close with a flamethrower, thatsmell almost makes me hungryAt the end you always feel like saying, ""And there goes another day in nam!""Will return home to be a homeless veteranSociety will hate me for anwering the call of dutyDie forgotten and aloneI'm sure the game will get more content soon but it is already worth a buy so just imagine what it will be in a few months"
76561198035712382,Recommended,418460,32196381,Posted: 5 June,all,Havoc,"For only $22.49, this game is a steal."
,Recommended,418460,32209455,Posted: 5 June,all,yitvan,"Without a doubt, this game is unique in the shooter genre and highly entertaining. It runs well aside from a few very minor bugs (which are being worked on)."
76561198079520593,Recommended,418460,32199340,Posted: 5 June,all,The_Leftist_Cucks,The game is awesome. I do recomend this game if you are interested in the Vietnam War.
,Recommended,418460,32209069,Posted: 5 June,all,losangelesi,"Do you like:Old school rock?Jungles?Rivers?Getting dropped in a hot zone, getting out of the helicopter, helicopter taking off and exploding above your head?The sound of bullets going by and hitting trees?Telling GI's to go home?Bombing Vietnam?Your squad running up a hill side and getting gunned down and you're the lone survivor?PTSD?Flashbacks to Nam'?Crying yourself to sleepWar stories?This is the game for you.10/10 PTSD simulator"
,Recommended,418460,32203149,Posted: 5 June,all,Quagmire,"Best Vietnam multiplayer shooter since BFBC2V. Authentic, realistic, full of adrenaline. I enjoy it!"
76561198145293217,Recommended,418460,32209058,Posted: 5 June,all,mrspyguy,"Very good realistic shooter. From the buzzing of bullets, to the horrific sound of an F4 Phantom, you will not have a dull moment when you play a game. The kills in this game are earned and thus feel very self satisfying. I would recommend this to anyone who says they like First Person Shooters, but are tired of all the AAA games shoving no skill required games down their throats every annual release."
,Recommended,418460,32197728,Posted: 5 June,all,S4R1N,Damn good fun.
,Recommended,418460,32082656,Posted: 31 May,all,PADPAD (with letter D) security,"After hours of extensive gameplay, I've learned that I am racist. Thanks for letting me know myself more Rising Storm 2!"
76561198127362273,Recommended,418460,32074988,Posted: 30 May,all,xX_MilesAnny_Xx,"This game is good bro, But I have one problem I play on lowest graphic setting and I havent see anyone wear custom shirt at all even I try to wear myself, The shirt not appear in battle at all (Beta and Full release still got this problem) I play the game only to wear some fancy cloth m8."
,Recommended,418460,32258653,Posted: 7 June,all,Prysmian,Drunk commander is best commander
76561198066811050,Recommended,418460,32258360,Posted: 7 June,all,sHELLsHOCK619,Played as VC's.. Teammates killing Marines yelling GO HOME GI'S!!!!!!10/10
,Recommended,418460,32140705,Posted: 2 June,all,sethbarcello,"More challenging and realistic tham RO2/RS1, but you have to grind a bit to unlock weapons and uniforms, so still inferior to RO1. As with all RO/RS titles, the FOV and lighting make it very difficult to differentiate friend from foe or even inanimate object at any appreciable distance, so watch your fire. The Americans have won every match I've played and might be overpowered. I suggest making standing Vietnamese no more visible than crouched and prone ones, and allowing more slots for them than for US. The games default bindings gave me major problems on 2 occassions, the first i snuck up behind a spawn site camping gi killing us and as i was about to bayonet him couldnt move and got shot, the second i was a well hiden gi so didnt get killed but took me 5+ minutes to figure out problem - i would sometimes depress windows key when holding w ctrl and or alt trying to keep going forward while transitioning stances, so it would bring up ink or whatever its called and minimize rs2 and when going back in, would still have w inputting to that app instead of the game, so be careful or try different bindings or disable."
76561198015367484,Recommended,418460,32228246,Posted: 6 June,all,Probably just some cunt,"Pants Pants Pants PantsNah really it is good, while it fails to make you feel as insiginificant in a trench with your rifle as artillery falls all around you like in Red Orchestra 2, it still is amazing and you can get some very 'nam moments out of it. Emptying magazines in bushes because you thought you saw something, or seeing your buddy getting naped in the middle of a firefight all the while CCR is playing in the background. It is fun."
76561198110490513,Recommended,418460,32194167,Posted: 5 June,all,Elbow Presley,"Great game, imagine if they took the fast pace of battlefield and combined it with the realism of Arma, crammed it into the jungles of Vietnam and made the main theme CCR. It's as good as it sounds.Everytime the VC does something even remotely succesful the chat erupts with ""GO HOME GI""Also there's no wall jumping or x-ray vision or something else just as bad. Blood physics are also really cool to have.I waited since announcement and feel that I have not been let down, I'd reccomend this to anyone that likes the sound of the first statement."
,Recommended,418460,32215905,Posted: 6 June,all,Justin,Shotguns 10/10
,Recommended,418460,32258985,Posted: 7 June,all,DirtyChump,"Good sh**If you like realism shooters then this is one of the best ones out there. If you like Battlefield and COD, you probably won't like this.It plays far more slow than a BF game and requires good team tactics to win.Entire game is wrapped up in a great presentation. No game shows war this well IMO. Guns feel authentic, the gor is realistic, and the settings is portraited nicely.I recomend this to any shooter fan that isnt a ♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,418460,32272525,Posted: 8 June,all,Katzengott,"Highly recommended - I`m not playing a lot of shooters but this got me.+ amazing setting & REALISTIC weapons / customizations.+ mostly noob friendly playerbase / active on the mic+ easy to learn, hard to master+ commander / radioman / squad leaders have to be played by intermediate/experienced players and can change the game if they`re good+ no p2w, no cheaters+ nice soundtrack- minor bugs like getting stuck when prone, picking up stuff doesn`t really work yet"
,Recommended,418460,32289798,Posted: 9 June,all,A N X I E T Y,>play as North Vietnam>spawn at your tunnel>instakilled by some guy from 300000000000 meters>he shot me with pistol9/11still no forrest gump
76561198075798297,Recommended,418460,32619192,Posted: 21 June,all,RAUTASORKKA,Great experience with decent co-operating team.I still think the RO2/RS is a bit better.
76561198334520571,Recommended,418460,32213501,Posted: 5 June,all,Siwei_Jianghua,Great leap since red ochestra
76561198111302405,Recommended,418460,32166818,Posted: 3 June,all,Gilad Pellaeon,"score 7.5 and 8.0prostripwire didn't stoop down for casuals by dumbing it downgood soundtrackboth sides don't get to use enemy weapons for their loadout that red orchestra 2 had (as US, you can't choose ppsh-41 or AK. VC can't choose american weaponry in the loadout)my favorite gun, the ppsh-41, is here and it's superior than the AK variants the VC hassome linear maps like hue are very detailed giving you choices on where to strike and other maps are very big (supremacy) where you can climb aboard helicopters behind enemy lines to capture their pointsboth factions have different ways on how they play. for US they have helicopters, superior weaponry, can spawn on squad leaders and different bombardments for commanders. for NVa, they have some inferior weaponry (the AK ripoffs), squad leaders can create spawn points closer to the battlefield instead wasting your stamina to get to battle called tunnels, and they some different options for commanders. NVA can go into the tunnels with their primary primary weapons but the US soldiers can't having to rely on their secondary weapons (grunts and some other classes don't have pistols for some reason).quite realistic making the average battlefield and COD player quit this game faster than the speeding bullet.there's teamwork involved unlike COD and battlefield if you're into thatthere will be steam workshop for thisconsplayer customization is pretty limitedthere's only 6 maps, i wish there's more on releasethere's some problems whenever you lay your weapon on top of cover and you end up shooting the wall, making you die first (frustrating). i think this has to do with unreal 3 enginethere's very few hit detection issuesthere's some delay whenever you shoot someone in close range 50/50 you'll live, which kind of makes me want to leave the game if it happens most of the timepaying for this game now is worth it since the devs really listened to the community (unlike EA and other giant video game publishers) the game works very well, of course some people have issues with it, and it came out very smoothly with little issues on release."
,Recommended,418460,32099400,Posted: 31 May,all,Cereal,HEY BABYYOU GOT GIRLFRIEND? VIETNAM?
76561198125434437,Recommended,418460,32338752,Posted: 11 June,all,Tonald Drump,">Becomes Squad Lead>Attacks an Objective at the top of a hill, takes it over>Squad Slowly starts to get picked off one by one, we start to get overrun>Viet Cong get closer, gets wounded from stray bullet>Me and one Last Squad Member hold them off>Realse we're not going to make it>Tell Squad member i'm sorry>Mark our position for Arty>Squad memeber comes and crouches next to me as we realise whats about to happen>We chat about home, all the good memories throughout our lives as we both get hit a few times>Commander Confirms arty on us>Bombs start falling all around>Viet Cong Screaming all Around>One Final Arty Takes us both out>Squad Member was crying as he died>Respawn10/10 Would get PTSD again"
,Recommended,418460,32618773,Posted: 21 June,all,Vengeance643[NOR],"Really fun game to play with friends (make a squad). At the moment it feels a little bit chaotic, and some maps are small COD maps, but oh well. The game has a lot of small annoying bugs, but the gameplay makes up for it (and the most annoying bugs have already been patched since launch). The weapons feels nice, and the sound on the game is awesome! The only thing I want the devs to add, are vehicles like M3 halftrack for the US, and other 'small' vehicles, and BIGGER maps on the supremacy gamemode!Some more guns, like i.e M1 carabine or the M2/M3 selective-fire carabine, Thompson, M1 Garand, RPG-2 (for NLF forces) or the Browning M2 50. cal for US defensive missions (just like the DShK that the Vietnam faction has) would be nice.Other than that, it's definitely worth the money!"
,Recommended,418460,32183133,Posted: 4 June,all,Lenin,"Amazing game! Realistic deaths scenes, great combat and the flamethrower. The combat feels real, the death animations when you die are great, its awesome to your enemies lying on the ground moaing in pain, flying helicopters, sniping and big explosions. Overall amazing game."
,Recommended,418460,32787985,Posted: 25 June,all,Officer Cummies,we are tekkin eee-koshhh attack on my mark
,Recommended,418460,32072693,Posted: 30 May,all,Vice Admiral Lord Horatio Nelson,I got PTSD from this game
,Recommended,418460,32124227,Posted: 2 June,all,unmun,"You like realism? Its got that. Like old guns? It's got that too. Like intense war situations? It's full of it.Rising Storm 2: Vietnam is not your classic shooter. If you're looking for a realistic shooter that supports 64 players in one of the most immersive shooters that I've played, this is definitly the game for you.PROS:-Authentic Vietnam war experience.-Historically accurate guns ( Except for the AK I think?)-Immersive atmosphere.-Intense team play.-Tons of customizable options in the settings.-Fun game to play with your friends.CONS:-Not a lot of variety in the maps.-No ground vehicles, ie jeeps.-Somewhat clunky gameplay-I've come across a lot of random mic spam, but it's not too big of a problem.Overall, Rising Storm 2: Vietnam is really fun game if you're looking for a realistic combat shooter. There aren't a lot of maps, but I'm assuming that they will add them later on in the games cycle ( Please add ground vehicles too omg)"
,Recommended,418460,32075304,Posted: 30 May,all,≋≋ Belzeboto,Fantastic gameplayRealistic damageLots of ppl playing itHueys!Napalm!sweet price!
,Recommended,418460,32151832,Posted: 3 June,all,Clout 9,ＧＯ ＨＯＭＥ Ｇ.Ｉ.
76561198143746704,Recommended,418460,32119883,Posted: 1 June,all,GroBFuhrer Top Quark,"TL;DRRunning through the Jungle and contracting PTSD has never been this funI may not have the most hours on Rising Storm/Red Orchestra, but I love them nonetheless, and I especially love this game. I may not have played all the Betas, but I was excited from day 1 when my friends told me the next RS was going to be in Nam. So far, from my current playtime I have not experienced the minor bugs people keep talking about, but thats probably from in experience. The graphics are nice and capture what it might have been  to be in the napalm burnt landscapes of Vietnam.When you first play An Lao Valley(the showstopper/combined arms map) you will grin in delight as you get to live out your fantasy as a m60 gunner on a huey. Or you can finally tell jokes about the roaring artillery that sends shivers down your spines as you yell into your mic just to be heard.The gunplay is fun and is more geared towards long range engagements rather than battle lines(in my opinion at least). The mechanics of being ""hardcore"" may offset anyone who seeks a more arcadey experience, but not having an ammo counter and having to manually  check how much is left in your clip is really cool. Now, if you really want that realism vibe, if you have 3 clips and you shoot half of your rounds and reload to another, you keep the old one. Unlike Call of Duty or Battlefield in which you have unlimited clips to reload after firing one shot out of a 30 round mag, RS2 gets you immersed in those subtle ways that makes you come back.You are going to die.Alot. By now you are probably sick of hearing that everytime you see a review or lets play, but thats how it is. My biggest tip(though I may not be the best) is to literally do what the VietCong did. Sit in a bush and wait for the American pig dogs. You arent supposed to have this honorable pitched battle, you have to out scum and outshoot. Keep your head down and hide in the burnt forests and rice fields. The mechanics for each side also add to the gameplay and immersion. America always starts at a disadvantage(unless defending) but have immense amounts of firepower to blow you back to the stone age. Once Squad Leaders get entrenched its hard to push them out. Playing as PAVN or VC lets you construct their infamous tunnels and punji traps. Both Commanders get unique abilities that really deepen the battlefield and its components. Also, dont be a wet willy, play with your team if you can. Taking Charree isnt as easy when you have silent squad members.This is all for 30 bucks max. Battlefield 1 is 110 for everything and even then is just getting more and more casual as the days go by. Get this if you can, its worth every imperialist dollar you have. Have fun running through the jungle."
