user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198011400321,Recommended,418950,22032176,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Misanthropist,"Damn i just love asian mythology, i love that legendary creatures and ghosts and i love Dreadout :)Dark, creepy, with awesome sounds and great atmosphere,but dont expect anything big, its just extension about banishing ghosts and creatures... thats all, anyway its fun :)I also appreciate creativity of making enemies, every enemy is different and interesting ofc with info about original legendif you liked Dreadout or you are maniac to asian mythology like me, totally buy it :), in other case i am not sure, you should probably try Dreadout first ;)"
76561198001128626,Recommended,418950,22036288,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Don't kick her Sharkeisha!,"To be brief: a decent contribution to the 'girl in paranormal danger' third-person horror genre, especially if you enjoyed the original DreadOut.Contrary to how the original DreadOut played as a Fatal Frame-style adventure, Keepers of the Dark is situated more like a boss rush mode; wander between eight levels to collect items, files, and deal with ghost encounters. It does, mostly effectively, distill the engaging mechanics of the first game into a non-linear, more compact format. Indonesian folklore, as it was in the original game, is still terrifyingly hardcore.Criticisms so far:-Combat, much like in DreadOut, can be frustrating. Linda moves with all the agility and speed expected of an Asian girl being menaced by ghosts (read: exactly none) and weapon switching/readying can be clunky. A few enemies can easily gain on Linda and keep her knocked down, extending boss fights by virtue of having to resurrect with each death.-Most of the environments are simply revisited areas from the original DreadOut with some minor changes. However, all except a few of the ghosts are brand new enemies. All of the new ghosts I've encountered are compelling and interesting, particularly the ""Mother"" Kami encountered in the sewers.-It's clear the English localization is not done by a native speaker. It can add to the atmosphere in some places, but in many of the documents and files the sentence structure becomes wonky if not outright unintelligible.-While there is an ""unemployed person"" (as the game calls it, but it's pretty obvious he's a janitor) that provides hints, that resource is pretty quickly run dry. Solutions to puzzles, or much more often just figuring out what triggers the next ghostly event, can seem completely esoteric."
,Recommended,418950,22088058,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Soma,"DreadOut is a title that takes heavy inspiration from Tecmo's Project Zero series (Fatal Frame in the USA), where the main character, usually a young woman, explore haunted locations and fight ghosts using a camera.Keepers of the Dark is a stand alone title that takes place during the middle of the main game, although it has little to no story in it. It features a hub-like main area from where you can access eight different locations with the purpose of hunting down a ghost in each of them (albeit each location usually has more than one). After doing so you'll be teleported back to the hub to repeat the process until you can open the final door (which will unlock at 8 ghosts defeated) and fight the last boss.Altough a bunch of them are new, most of these areas are taken straight from the main game or even the demo, though they feature some new elements related to the new ghosts.In addition, some spirits won't appear immediately until you meet certain conditions, like collecting a number of items which may be located in different areas of the game, meaning that a bit of backtracking is required at times.Combat is exactly the same as the main game, a very simplified version of Project Zero. No limited films, no upgrading system, no special functions or anything of that kind. It's just your phone, which includes a flashlight, and an actual camera with zooming capabilities and a flash function for a short but powerful gleam of light (which will not actually damage enemies). Basically a weapon to fight in the dark and one to fight at long range.And like the main game, that's the general vibe of KotD: a low budget, unpolished and simplified version of Project Zero with some interesting ideas and moments. One of my favorites is in the school area, where you have to take a photo of a ghost possessing a specific statue among a large number of them. Doing so will force the spirit to run into another statue in a different part of the level, but this will also cause the previous statue to follow you around when it's out of the camera's view. You'll hear the sounds of the statue moving behind you, you'll turn around and see it in a different position, getting closer and closer to you. It's a nice and creepy idea, which actually made me smile instead of frighten me. But in a good way, if that make sense.If you liked DreadOut, Keepers of the Dark is for you. It's light on story and even shorter, but it's more of the same setting and mechanics, and that might be enough. If you miss Project Zero, give the main game and KotD a try: just remember to keep your expectations in check."
,Recommended,418950,23236831,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Powersocke,"DreadOut: Keepers of the Dark is the second installment of the DreadOut series and a standalone expansion to the original DreadOut. If you haven't played the original DreadOut before I recommend you go play that first since the story starts there. Don't worry, I also got a review for that one. For those of you who have played the original DreadOut, here's my review with pros and cons below if you're too lazy to read:First things first: the story. The story revolves around Linda, our protagonist, who, after the events of the original DreadOut, got transported into the spirit realm (or at least one part of it). We start our game in Limbo where we can see an astral showreel of what has been going on in the first game through pictures and audio. When we head to the bright light, we are greeted by a kind of hub world that features eight doors with eight different realms to go visit. Your ultimate goal is to do whatever it takes to get back to the real world and leave the spirit realm. And that's about it really, nothing else happens. Which is kind of a letdown for me.And what will you be doing for the most part? Right, you'll banish spirits just like in the original DreadOut. Gameplay wise the mechanics are all the same, nothing really changed. Except now you got the big camera and your phone right from the start. There's a bunch of interesting ghosts to banish and items to collect and even one or two puzzles here and there but that's about it. I have to say I'm a bit disappointed that it didn't hold anything too new and fresh and interesting. At least most of the spirits you will have to banish are new, each with different mechanics and strategies to defeat them. So that's a plus.But are those spirits scary at all? Well, that's a difficult question to answer. You see, the original DreadOut had problems with holding its horror factor during its first chapter but experienced a very neat comeback in its second chapter with all-new spirits and spookyscariness. KOTD struggles to even conjure up any feeling of terror or horror right from the start and doesn't get too innovative later on either. In the original DreadOut I felt at least uneasy in some areas but in this game I just went up to the spirits, took a few hits maybe, and banished them. Yes, there were some jump scares but most of them were cheap, unlike in the original DreadOut where they were well-placed in my opinion. So the overall horror is severely lacking. In some areas I can sure see why people would get uneasy, given all the phobias some people have but it doesn't really go beyond that.And getting to banish some of those spirits is a pain in the butt. Seriously. Some of them are trial and error, some can kill you in one hit and you gotta start over from Limbo, some are just plain annoying with how much mobility they have in contrast to you so you can't hit them properly and it just takes ages. But again, at least the spirits were new and fresh and not recycled, I can respect that.So, since the horror isn't any good, does the music at least get some atmosphere going? Well, it does. When it plays. Most of the time there's silence though. Thing is, when you trigger certain events the music and your surroundings change and the first time around, it made me feel uneasy for a bit so that was commendable indeed.On another note: The menu music is REALLY good, where can I find that track? I want it.Aside from all of that, the game has some eastereggs, some hidden references to other things in the genre (although I suppose the game itself is a huge reference to Fatal Frame) and a neat aesthetic.Also, the devs have finally fixed the texture resolution which was horrible in the original DreadOut and they have fixed the ridiculous loading times. Huge plus right there.Now, let's get onto some real nitpickin'.The camera movement. It just confuses me. Why, exactly, does my camera stutter every couple of centimeters when I'm in Limbo or the hub world? Annoys the hell outta me. The third place this happens in is the last level and the fight against the end boss. It made the fight unnessecarily difficult because as soon as I looked around my camera stuttered a couple meters sideways and I couldn't aim properly.Also what they didn't fix are the Kuntilanak and the Sundel Bolong getting bugged out when you fight against them. Makes the fight really annoying as soon as you try to banish them since they just constantly port around the whole place.And some of the fights are just plain unfair, leaving you in Limbo way too often and it just steals your time.At least the game got no crashes, steady framerate, nice graphics and boob physics. So they did something right. Also I kinda adore the Indoseian theme of it all. Which is why I give this game a thumbs up in the end.Pros and Cons:+ neat aesthetic+ new spirits+ fixed graphics and loading times+ fantstic OST+ boob physics- heavy camera stuttering in some areas- bland presentation with a hub world instead of an interconnected set of places- unnessecarily difficult boss fights which are unfair at times- bland continuation of the story- horror = zeroWould I recommend this game?All in all I think it's commendable if you really liked the original DreadOut (like me) but I'd still say: get it when it's on sale, it's not worth full price. I'll give it a solid boob physics out of ten. Although I respect that the developers tried something new with the new spirits they put in the game but it still isn't enough to get me to praise it more than I did."
76561198044927729,Recommended,418950,30918029,Posted: 3 April,all,Kashi,"Oh boy folks here it is! The second installment of a game with a good concept.My hours on this game may not be long at all, but trust me when i say, it does not take long to beat this game what-so-ever. Here is my breakdown of the game:PROS-Closest game to Fatal Frame available for the PC-Decent atmosphere-Simple controls and combat system-Not limited to how or where you start-Does have it's creepy and scary momentsCONSIt's a good game, but here me out folks-VERY, VERY SHORT. Literally shorter than the last game, this is practically a DLC. Thankfully the price is low enough to satisfy.-Story is very murky. you will have absolutey no idea whats going on.-Graphics. I feel as if the second installment should have had better graphics and better animations. But i do have to take in account this was planned as a DLC ffrom the first game.-The game is still a bit glitchy-The game doesn't really feel finishedIt's a good game in my opinion, but there is plenty room for improvement. This is most likely not the game that you will keep comming back to. If you have extra change and want a quick scare, this is a decent game to add to the collection."
,Recommended,418950,22026968,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,mooz,"More DreadOut goodness, and as creepy as expected. I would say this game is just as challenging as the first one, but a lot less frustrating and more accessible.The game performance is greatly improved over the previous game, now smooth without constant micro-freezes. And praise the ghosts, the view no longer changes wildly if you move the mouse while taking a picture (at least with the IrisPhone; it still seems to do it with the SLR).But, as in the previous game, changing the 'Change Equipment' keybinding is not remembered between game runs. The screen of the IrisPhone is black if bring it up while standing still and doesn't show until you move. Everything else seems to work normally.Definitely worth the price for more bouncey Linda! :) Now where's the bikini dlc......"
,Not Recommended,418950,24752205,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Fireeye,"DreadOut: Keepers of the Dark originally was meant as a DLC for the original DreadOut game, but eventually surfaced as a standalone title.Unfortunately, Keepers of the Dark does not have much to offer in its own right - you start in a mirror world of sorts that acts as a travel hub. From there, you can delve into eight different worlds, most of which will seem eerily similiar - not to the least because the better part of the terrain is copied from previous DreadOut levels!The new ghosts presented in Keepers of the Dark are interesting in their own right - there's anything from haunted dolls to spectral horsemen (or horsewomen, rather) to insane canibals. Sadly, the piecemeal type of presentation which KotD uses means that each of these ghosts only has a minimal story behind it, and what little information the entries of the ""Ghostpedia"" offer usually are presented in semi-broken English.In truth, I think KotD makes one fatal mistake: Horror games, in general, rely on their atmosphere. You never know what's going to hit you, when it's going to hit you, and if it's going to hit you at all. Sadly, KotD does hardly build up any atmosphere at all - if you've played the original game, you already know most of the levels, and the new ghosts introduced in this spinoff only are scary until you understand the basic tactic needed to banish them. To be entirely honest, the ghosthunt gets tedious rather quickly, not to the least because you know that you need to banish a certain number of ghosts per level.Coupled with the rather short playtime (aprox. 3-5 hours), DreadOut: Keepers of the Dark may perhaps be worth its relatively low price, but not necessarily your time - there are many better horror games to spend your time with."
,Recommended,418950,22039869,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Decretum,"DreadOut: Keepers of The Dark is a game about shooting models with your camera.You play as some girl, a student (I guess?) photographer looking for models.You're equipped with a nice #instagramenabled #smartphone camera and a high end SLR camera to really capture each model perfectly.So whats the catch? If you take bad pictures the models get angry and hurt you with their hair or they even might run into you. So unprofessional!Take the best pictures and the models will reward you with glamour points (Golden orbs that you get for each perfect shot) after shooting some nice pictures the models will eventually leave you alone so you can get to more casting.Collect sweet accessory, put together some stuff and get new models! So there's puzzle stuff too.There's a lot of models to cast, some models aren't that easy though so make sure you get out that sick SLR camera and really capture their beauty.Get out there and start casting!"
,Not Recommended,418950,22233005,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Gulcasa,"I really wanted to like this one. The first DreadOut isn't a masterpiece by any means, but it's a lo-fi game with lots of souls to it, and I truly enjoyed it, enough to 100%.Sure enough, I wasted no time in getting KotD and... well, it doesn't measure up to a bar that was kinda low to begin with.KotD is pretty much just a Boss Rush type thing, with eight different areas, each with one or two bosses, and an item fetch puzzle or two to deal with; problem is, combat certainly wasn't the first game's strong suit, and pretty much all you'll get here is more combat. The boss designs are truly nice and show the creative capabilities of the devs, but that's about all the praise I can give. Pretty much all but one of them boil down to ""back away while taking pictures"" and even that isn't particularly fun, as bosses tend to have movesets wildly incompatible with your slow character and stunlock you with annoying frequency.All but two of the stages are recycled from the base game (with small changes at times, yeah, but still the same areas), so even exploring is off the table. The game has some nice set pieces, but even then they're badly executed - having a ghost girl count down to chasing you is legitimately spooky at first... and not very much on the fourth or fifth time it happens. The story is pretty much nonexistent and/or vague to the point of meaning nothing at all. Seriously, if there was any useful plot to be gleaned, I have no idea what it is.To sum, good bosses with bad combat, barely any new areas to see, annoying gimmicks and backtracking and just about no development of the story. Not AWFUL for the price, but it's something I wish I had watched on Youtube instead. I'll be waiting for a new game from these devs, though, as I still have faith in them."
76561198314008130,Recommended,418950,34484836,Posted: 25 August,all,WKWKWK LAND,"I am from Indonesia, and I am very proud of Digital Hapines for this great work. In the previous DreadOut, featuring the typical Indonesian ghosts, such as kuntilanak, pocong, sundel bolong, etc.. That tells about a group of high school kids with one teacher who is trapped in an abandoned city. And now, in DreadOut KOTD has an increase, the addition of new ghosts besides typical Indonesian ghosts, one of which is the figure of a nine-tailed fox, as it is in Naruto's story. And also the addition of new locations. Indeed, in the gameplay feature is still the same, but it still makes this game cool. If you like DreadOut before, then you must play this game, because this game has relevance to the previous DreadOut story. So, I highly recommend this game to you guys.AYO RAKYAT INDONESIA! CINTAILAH PRODUK-PRODUK ASAL TANAH AIR KITA, INDONESIA!MERDEKA!!!"
,Recommended,418950,23749015,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Trash Tier Player,"DreadOut: Keepers of the Dark is a standalone DLC for DreadOut. If you played the first game, then you will know when this part occur in the timeline. Otherwise, you will be slightly loss, as to why is the main character, Linda at that place, why is she equiped to the brim etc. Anyway, if you played the original DreadOut, then you will know how the gameplay is, but for the newcomers, it's practically similar to the Fatal Frame series. You will not use a gun, nor magic, nor an exorcist talismans, but a camera to exorcise the unwanted beings from beyond.Basically, while the Fatal Frame series take place in Japan, this game takes place in Indonesia, so you will see several supernatural beings that belongs to the Indonesian horror folklore. Some are bad ghosts, which you need to exorcise, while some are relatively neutral ghosts, which will not harm you if you do what they want for their final requests. In this game, you are in some kind of limbo realm, and you have to act as a Ghostbuster team of one to escape this realm. If you die, fret not, you will just enter another limbo of undeathness.I have to say, being a person that gets spooked by horror games, I got spooked countless times. The music is eerie, the atmosphere is chilling, and the most important part is the jump scares. Yep this game have tons. From a ghost instantly killing you, or screaming at you, there are tons. It's a jump scare bonanza, though some jump scares here are absolutely ridiculuous because I am either moving away from the boundary of the realm, or for some god damn reason, the developers devide it to be so. I mean, who puts a damn jump scare near the portal?Graphic wise, well this is made by an Indonesian (obviously) indie company, so it's not that pretty like those AAA games like Dead Space, Doom or so, but it's adequate, however I can't say the same for the cutscenes though. The cutscenes rock a freaking low FPS somehow. Also without knowing much on the gameplay of the first game, you will be pretty lost in what to do, how to swap cameras etc. Heck, even if you do know it, you may also feel lost at certain parts of the game (I am looking at you, you god damn assassin ghost). However, the biggest gripe of this game is that it's really short. In one playthrough, you may complete collecting everything, exorcise every ghosts and complete all the game achievements. That's about 3-5 hours of playtime.Still, I will slightly recommend this game, just because there's not much game that uses the camera as a weapon (Fatal Frame is not available on the PC unless you use other means), and it's pure hardcore horror. Wait for the sales to get it, as it will be slightly cheaper then, making it worth the money. Just be careful of the jump scares though, as it's definitely not for the faint hearted."
76561198098229578,Not Recommended,418950,32786536,Posted: 25 June,all,BadlyDrawnFox,"This game is basically an arcade mode of the first DreadOut game. It offers pretty much zero storyline, is glitchy in places and definitely does not have the same appeal that the first game had. The first game had buckets of atmosphere, a semi-decent storyline and was genuinely not a bad game. This game offers you 9 boss levels featuring some truly bizarre enemies, a few moments rich in atmosphere (which is pretty bad for a game like this) and not a lot else. There are a few levels and bosses that are pretty cool and if you're a fan of the first game I'd recommend getting this on sale just for those moments. If however you've never played the series, I genuinely cannot recommend this game... Take a look at the first instead!"
,Recommended,418950,33285659,Posted: 5 July,all,CCL sama,"DreadOut : Keepers of the Dark is a missing chapter from the first game.This is more like a big DLC with some interesting content.The leveldesign is very simple. You start in a hall with 8 doors and each door leads to a different level. Most of the levels are recycled from the first game, but each of them introduces new enemies and lores which keep the fun factor balanced.You will get here less plot from the main game, but more enemy bosses with interesting AI mechanic.If you like DreadOut and want more then check this out. The price tag is pretty low anyway."
,Recommended,418950,29349031,Posted: 18 January,all,Michael Myers,"Delicious game, a must play for all Survival horror fans out there. Hope this company keeps doing masterpieces like this!"
76561198284604488,Recommended,418950,22138853,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,mister_everywhere,"best horror games I've ever played and it took just three days to finish it"" I love indonesian games """
76561198119710855,Recommended,418950,31055125,Posted: 9 April,all,Neither,"This one is not a sequel of the previous game, its more like a missing part of it, i actually enjoyed it more than i thought i would, but still i guess it was more like a huge DLC than a game itself.A huge part of the world are the same to the previous game, some of the maps are taken from there but they are changed, some times you find some of the previous enemy ghost and some times you fight new ones, but only adding the new ones to the ghostpedia which have a more detailed info for the new ghosts.If you enjoy the previous Dread Out game i recomend buy this one."
,Recommended,418950,35197621,Posted: 24 September,all,[Hen-tie] JJDaMan!,"I really enjoyed the concept of going through realms and searching for ""ghost"" stores. Each realm is pretty interesting especially the boss fights. Some fights are ticky, and other is a timing thing with your trusty camera/ phone. I also like how you need to backtrack other realms in order to progress through the game objectives."
,Recommended,418950,28238282,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,♥ Boner ♥,"The game does everything better as the first game, looks like they learned from it.+ The atmosphere is still AWESOME+ The puzzles are nicely done, and finally you get some hints unlike the first game.+ The ghosts and levels are different from each others, always something new to explore and entcounter ( for the first run at least )+ Ghosts have to be ""banished"" in different ways (not only fighting)+ Except of Room 101 you arent able to finish one door on one visit, means you have to come back sometimes.- Like in the first game, Sometimes you (specially in room 104) will stuck near boss when you ""die"" (means after respawn the first thing you get is a big slap from the boss)unlike the First game i REALLY enjoy THIS one much, NOW i want an 3rd game too."
,Not Recommended,418950,27910267,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Totohli,"Having downvoted the original DreadOut i was hoping for a better experience with the second game but sadly it wasn't...I tried to play the game normally and seriously at first but straight from the start i got screwed over by a bug, normally the game starts as if you died and you have to go to the light, i didn't know that when starting and for some reason i didn't get that part and went straight to the hall with all the doors.. Doesn't sound like a big deal but none of the doors brought me to another level, they just opened and i could walk into the little rooms with red walls doing nothing. Already thinking that this was a ""puzzle"" i got really annoyed and wanted to stop playing.Figuring out that it was a bug i went on and gave it another chance, i did the doors in order starting with room 101 where i got greeted with a small stage with little amount of enemies and a boss to finish it off, annoying part 1, the boss got me stun locked in my hit animation for a couple of times which made me die in a frustrating way (the plus side of this game is when you respawn damage dealt stays so you can just keep on going). Door 102, i see mannequins and they trigger my glitch in the camera but it doesn't do anything so i stopped bothering with them not expecting that one of them is a bit different and triggers a chase, instead i find a pretty lady on the second floor that i couldn't kill.. again, annoying because i lacked the information knowing what to do, comparable to the first game. These annoyances gave me a sick feeling and i couldn't play anymore it was anything but enjoyable.Couple of hours later i decided to take it less seriously 'cause i wanted to finish the game, i bought it and really wanted to play it so i'll make the most of it. I started playing again, took a guide with me to make everything faster and enjoyable and had a stream on my other monitor so i have something enjoyable to follow as well.Knowing what to do and not wondering if enemies are immortal or not kept me in a flow to get through each room while sometimes even enjoying the game, there are a couple of enemies which are like sidequests were you need to collect items to make them weaker or collect parts of a picture to help a harmless boy. The variety in bosses is enjoyable were for example one of them is music related where you can't fight but you have to dodge the enemies untill the song ends (i read many complaints about this one being hard but i got it first try..) but beware of getting hit and stun locked for 3 hits in a row. Another boss only appears when you collect certain bodyparts scattered around the map where there's a hide and seek mission with a little girl and one of the coolest bosses is optional and the one i talked about before, the pretty lady in room 106, easier to beat if you collect needles found in stages and while fighting her she transforms and gets uglier.Those are the things i liked but they don't make this game a recommendation for me, the fighting is messed up because you keep on falling down when hit which causes situations where you get stuck for 3-4 hits, the story itself isn't that interesting except for the small backstories of the enemies. Some enemies take a bit too long to take down and aren't challenging either which causes a small feeling of being a 'grind'.It's a short game (3+ hours) for a low price but i needed a guide and distractions to enjoy it for a decent amount and that's not thumbs up worthy for me. I am aware that using a guide is a bit lame but i'd rather use it and finish the game and respect it for what it is than just dropping it and not giving it a proper chance."
76561198190783209,Recommended,418950,34997336,Posted: 16 September,all,Aletrackz #9,This is an AWESOME Game :D
,Recommended,418950,22156541,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Chernobog,"While I reluctantly gave a thumbs down to the base version of DreadOut, citing too many gameplay problems and pacing issues, I must say, this one was pretty good. It's not a significant difference, but it works better for what it is.KOTD recycles several of the maps from the base game and shortens them down. Rather than exploring inch by inch, you're more on an easter egg hunt to find various components needed to pick fights with the local boss ghost. Some of these components are scattered behind other areas, so you'll do some backtracking. Compared to the first game, the bosses here aren't quite as tough. Granted, Linda (the protagonist) is still incredibly slow and couldn't dodge a slowly rolling wiffle ball, but the monsters really don't deal that much damage this time. This is a good thing, because respawning in can still leave you point blank with a boss, which can leave you taking free hits.What this game does well, is focus on the ghosts. They are interesting and at times downright nightmarish. The design quality on them is a bit mixed, but for the most part, they look good and the weak of heart will have darkened pants after a while.The game is basically a boss rush. Regrettably, there's a lot less to see and fewer places to go, so if you liked the exploring and 'what is that and why the hell is there' moments of the first game, you won't really see that here. It's less linear this time in terms of allowing you to decide what areas to visit, but there's not quite as much to do. What honestly took me the most time was simply trying to figure out what to do, as the game explains generally little in any detail.That said, if you haven't played the base game of DreadOut before, you're not really going to make any sense of what's going on in this one. Even for those who have played the old one, this game doesn't really explain a whole lot and the story is kind of weak, to be frank. Basically, you're going to play this for the sheer style and not so much the substance.This is admittedly a mixed review, but it's not a bad game, so I am going to Recommend it. Although it could have been longer and there could have been more content; what it does, it does well. Now, let's break it down a little further here.Pros:Very stylish: Bosses generally look pretty cool and some are definitely scary as heck. Really does a great job of selling the idea of indonesian mythology, a little taste of that culture, and the supernatural. If they really followed through on a more in depth game and polished it, DreadOut could be less a thing inspired by Fatal Frame and more an experience like an overseas Silent Hill. The design potential is there.Great nightmare fuel: The Kami boss, the entire Ceramic Woman stage, the undead fetus swarm... in that one particular area when it finally dawns on you that they're there of all places. These are definitely memorable moments.Challenge: Feels just about right this time. At times inconsistent, but there's nothing quite as rage inducing at the Scissor Ghost encounter from the first one.Full Upgraded: You don't need to collect trinkets to get stronger this time and you have both cameras. Linda's hunt for items is about awakening the bosses and she's ready for action this time.Cons:Not a lot of content: It's a boss rush, the maps are small, and there's almost no lesser wandering ghosts. Lesser ghosts don't get added to the Ghostpedia when beaten this time. Areas can feel very empty with little to do in them.Inconsistent Art: While some ghosts are really well done, a few are quite muddled in appearance. The maps are okay, but on the PS1 side of quality. Most notably, the trucks in the game look like kid's toys and don't fit the world's design.No costumes: Regular DreadOut had several. Linda just gets her basic outfit this time. Eh? This is kind of a minor quibble, but it's a shame still.Hard to follow: The story isn't well explained in game. Regular DreadOut made a bit more sense... it's not really well defined what you're doing this time or why. It can basically be summed up as 'stuff happened, run around, game ends'. Additionally, triggering certain bosses can be esoteric and vague."
76561198152954193,Recommended,418950,22029253,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Sarah,"Finally, more creepy ghosts and creatures punching the poor Linda! XDAnyway, as wonderful as I expected: creepy and with jumpscares at the right moment. You probably won't like it if you're not willing to read documents and notes and use logic to match pieces of the puzzle. This type of games is not just a ghost hunter simulator, this is based on indonesian culture and myths and it would be a shame to ignore its lore.Totally worth it if you loved the first one. Great job, Digital Happiness!"
,Not Recommended,418950,34180642,Posted: 11 August,all,that's what she said,"Standalone DLC for original DreadOut. Which for some reason costs some money. But it doesn't worth any money - it is absolute irredeemable trash.It's the same broken and ugly mess. All the design issues of original are still there. Even bugs. Yeah, not a single bug was fixed. Either because devs are incompetent, or simply don't care. Giving devs hasn't bothered to proof-read their english translation, I vote for 'don't care'.This is technically an arcade boss-rush mode for people who love camera mechanics from original game. And yeah, those combat mechanics were absolutely awful. So they made the worst part of Dreadout into standalone game. Which means DreadOut: Keepers of the Dark has nothing but horrible action-oriented gameplay when most of the time you are trying to figure out what developers want from you. It's still a game made by people who lived in underground bunker since original playstation launch day.It's not even a horror game. It's an arcade game with horror theme tied in some puzzle with a bit of a story on top, there is no atmosphere and no substance. Levels, sounds and most content are rehashed from original game. You open door, spawn in some area from original game and need to battle some pochong. Battles aren't exactly designed in any reasonable way, you just spam camera buttons while boss spams his attacks, then you respawn on top of the boss and repeat the process until one of you dies. That's the whole game. Not to mention that most bosses have anavoidable stunlock attacks, because it's fun, ain't it?And yeah, the game gives you an achievement after 2 hours of gameplay to remind you that while your refund time is over you can still get some trading cards. This joke is probably the most fun part of the game."
,Recommended,418950,32801699,Posted: 25 June,all,dino92of92,This is a fun game to play. different from what I normally expect from horror and I loved it!
76561198160868511,Recommended,418950,35126193,Posted: 22 September,all,Strayed Lynx,"The sequel to Dreadout,as one can expect it has all the elemeents that made the first installment a very enjoyable game."
,Recommended,418950,22135026,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,siti.markonah101,"game yang greget banget,, main siang seiang aja masih merinding ketemu hantunya,, palagi,,,, ea!!!!!"
76561198012310051,Recommended,418950,29221456,Posted: 13 January,all,ranarif,"A very interesting DLC for the best indie horror experience on Steam. If you are tired of all this pointless FP horror games, walking simulator and corny hide and run gameplay, this is what you are looking for. An interesting and creepy atmosphere with one of the most innovative and inspired enemy design of an indie production.Some of the bosses look a bit ""alpha"" and in some cases can stunlock you to death. The Indonesian lore is a bit less interesting and detailed than in the original game, with more random ghost histories than mythological creatures.If you want a decent and interesting 3rd person horror, this is your place!"
,Recommended,418950,22150409,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Lana,"Ah! I absolutley love this game!! Very happy this is out, I am loving it so far."
,Recommended,418950,22136106,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Ino Pratama,"This game is awesome, you must play it.Finally the lost chapter is revealed in this game.Pokok.e KEREN TENAN (Y) Ngenten pun"
76561198045170655,Recommended,418950,22292011,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Moisés Oliveira,"Ok, this game got me unware as a friend of mine told me about its existence.I liked this game, but some stuff actually frustrated me.- It recycles most of the early (and demo) scenarios of the game instead of giving new ones (yes, there are +2 new scenarios).- You can´t boost up linda's abilities or gain any XP. At early stages, it´s ok, but when you start going for mid to endgame, you kinda few the battles can be monotome, what really lets you playing the game is the differente strategy you need to defeat the ghosts and the story.The audio is fine, the controls are fine.- There are some spooky momments and jumpscares.- Optional ghosts are fun and hard to defeat.- The final boss was cool, but easy compared to beloved horse and kami (also, it kinda frustrates me since this boss has benn talked about in the original Dreadout game).- Graphics are fine.- The story for me is confusing, maybe because im forgetting something or I don´t have the manga.The game has potential, but I sense that something is lacking in it. Let´s hope that on Dreadout II or III they improve the gameplay."
,Recommended,418950,28272132,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,IzzGamerMalaysia (hellcase.com),I really enjoy playing this game.. lots of jumpscare. But the story of the game really short i just finish it in 4 hours like that (without banish all the keepers). The story lead to kill the serpent mistress is really short.. If Digital Happiness wanna make more games like this maybe there should make it more longer such as the first Dreadout game. But still the game is really enjoyable and scary. I going to gave this game 90/100 :)
76561197982587004,Recommended,418950,22641622,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Dwan,"In my opinion this is one of the creepiest/scariest games around right now. I love reading about the ghosts once you defeat them. Just something very new and exciting about playing this game. The atmosphere is really top notch, which is very important to me. It's frustrating getting knocked to the ground my bosses just to stand up and get knocked down again, but I can live with an annoying thing here and there. This ""DLC"" adds a good chunk of everything I loved from the full game. It's cool going back and forth through areas and finding clues and items to help solve stuff in other areas. It's less linear than the full game in that way."
,Recommended,418950,25066732,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Adaru32,"I really enjoyed this DLC, despite all the frustrating glitches that I had to fight through.What I loved about this DLC is how much creepier it was compared to the original game, and how there was a bit of a variety on how to defeat specific enemies.What I didn't like about this DLC is what I stated earlier. I had to go through constant glitches that really drove me up the wall.One glitch would be when I take out and put away my camera. Either she takes it out and puts it away when I don't press anything, or she won't if I actually press something.Another glitch I encountered was how it lagged at times whenever a lot of action occurred, or when I ascend some staircases. Even when I have my camera out and there's a lot of action, it would lag to the point where the character would be looking in a completely different direction (eg. ceiling, floor, behind, etc.), when I don't even command her to.Another one would be that the walls would disappear, making me lose track on where I have to go.Another would be on how the game freezes as the cutscenes show (it loads up fine and I'm able to continue, but it's annoying on how I can't watch them since they freeze).And the last glitch would be the hide-and-seek ghost girl. While looking at a walkthrough on where to find her, it did state that this is the most glitched-out objective in the entire game, and that the bug WAS fixed in its current update. But unfortunately I still encountered that bug, and it took longer than it should have to actually complete that objective.I recommend this DLC if you enjoyed the original game, and if you're into games like Fatal Frame.What I don't recommend is the whole back-and-forthing of the different areas to complete objectives, and if you're not into Asian games that contain slow-moving characters that can't defend themselves, except for what they're provided with.I'm hoping that more games get made by the developers of this game (Digital Happiness). Makes me wonder if they're going to do a sequel, a prequel, or a completely different story that contains a completely different mythology."
,Recommended,418950,30887717,Posted: 1 April,all,Apple Crack,Great game for 7 dollars and definately worth it. Very eerie experience and deinately brings in the scares.
,Recommended,418950,22058335,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,AL Fajr-i,duhh neng linda #ilopyoupulll
,Recommended,418950,22309189,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Isel 🍜,I fell in love with a alligator demon girl.
,Recommended,418950,22808163,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,PredatorMz,"EXCELLENT, all gameplay,graphic,texture,anti-aliasing is good. better to play dis game XD"
,Recommended,418950,22091196,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Law Abiding Engineer,"Interesting 'extra' chapter for the Dread Out game.    To put it in simple terms, the game puts you in a world where you have to banish various spirits which vary in overall challenge.  In general, they are not that hard, but they can be frustrating.   Some are tricky because they are invisible to the naked eye while others are visible, wbut will instant kill you the moment you get too close to them.    In terms of scaryness, it was mild.  Very cery creepy in that you feel so alone, yet you aren't truly alone, and so many creepy themes and what not.   The lack of weapons means you have to use your camera and phone carefully.   There are a few unavoidable jump scares, but the main two jump scares, are there mainly if you forget that you should use your camera to scope out an area..I hate jumpscare games, but admitly I palyed music in the background, and was fine.  Now that i know what to expect, Ill play through it again, but with volume up so I can enjoy the creepyness of the background ambience.   Overall, the game was enjoyable, length for the price was fair and the achievements are straight forward.  Once you get over the initial spook factor, it becomes less scary, but hey, at least it'll  get you the first time around."
76561197974105367,Recommended,418950,22078134,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,METAL,"damn, is it creepy as hell. really weird looking ghosts that are more freakier than in the previous game. atmosphere is amazing that i got goosebumps all over. at one stage the lights went out that i told my  self: screw that. im out of here.just to face literately the horror on my way back were i came from.some may find this game a bit disappointing. its mainly revisiting smaller areas from the first game with minor changes to them. only 2 hubs are new that werent in the main game. you start off in a hall with a cleaner and 8 doors you can enter. each door have either one or two candles and the doors have a light on them. each candle indicates a spirit you have to defeat. the light indicates that there are items to collect. you can revisit them any time, even when you have defeated the ghost(s) in them.you face totally new enemies which are mainly boss battles. creative once i might add. but not all of them are attacking you. they want or need something. like when did you play hide and seek with a ghost girl? creepiest hide and seek i have ever played.each boss is unique and has its own tactics you have to get adjusted too. the final boss fight is a delight. she must be the hottest ghost you gladly take pictures off. until she tries to kill you that is.the problems i had were aiming the camera. with one particular ghost i had issues with because our protagonist kind of takes her time to aim. this ghost was pretty fast and you have to move around not to get hit.what is also aggravating is when she gets hit and falls on the floor, she needs some time to get up, just to be knocked down again because the ghost(s) stand by and wait. so this led me to some deaths.some of the puzzles are confusing that you wonder what you really have to do. all i can say is: just wonder around and find everything.are the graphics great? no, but the atmosphere is. i did encounter some glitches but nothing game breaking bad. its only a shame that you cant change costumes as you could before. linda is dressed only in her uniform. so this was a surprising let down that this wasnt an option anymore.regardless the issues; i can certainly recommend the game if you enjoyed the previous title. its really creepy that it keeps you on edge."
,Recommended,418950,22174750,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,RAH-EGO,"DreadOut is the most fun I've had with a game in a long time. The creativity behind this series' scares is astounding. While many games implement the ""Slender"" approach to horror (i.e. “There's the monster! Don't look at it!”), DreadOut takes its cues from the Fatal Frame series. The player is forced to confront a plethora of frightening specters with nothing more than a phone camera for a weapon. The main character, Linda Melinda (actual name), finds herself trapped in a hallway lined with doors and guarded by an unsettling caretaker. Each door leads to a different realm full of unique spirits that must be banished. This is where the game shines. Forget the usual ""objects flying across the room, loud noises, spooky jump-scares"" horror tropes. DreadOut is a different animal. Some ghosts take the form of titan-sized monsters thundering out of the gloom. Others are disembodied heads slithering around a dark cistern on long hair. Others want to play games and perform for whatever unfortunate soul happens to find them. One even drags itself quickly after Linda in a maze of mannequins, stopping whenever the player turns to look at it. Jump-scares are discarded in favor of actual tension with creepy payoffs. It's GOOD, not to mention refreshing. But there are some negatives that need mentioned. Firstly, expect graphics that look like they came from the early Xbox 360 era. The team behind this game is small and based in Indonesia. They do what they can. Secondly, whoever translated this into English is in dire need of some lessons. (I assume future patches will improve the translation.) Thirdly, the game takes place near the end of Act 2 of the original DreadOut; so I strongly recommend playing that beforehand. Fourthly, the sound is a little buggy sometimes, but the effects themselves are very grotesque and eerie. Fifthly, and most disappointingly, there are very few puzzles in this game. The original DreadOut had some legitimately challenging puzzles to solve. This is mostly just a gallery of boss fights. On top of that, the levels are on the small side with limited room for exploration. The original game had lots of secret places to search, and it's sad to see that aspect missing here. Lastly, Linda is a silent protagonist and the secondary characters are on the shallow side. But there's something endearing about her. Despite never saying anything, Linda is oddly lovable. Maybe the player bonds with her through shared, traumatic experiences; or maybe having to watch her reactions to search for spirits forms a connection between character and player. For whatever reason, she's nearly iconic, and far more memorable than the usual horror protagonist. The same can be said about the game itself. DreadOut offers scares that are not easily forgotten. This is a must-have for any fan of the horror genre. The faint of heart need not apply."
,Recommended,418950,33644812,Posted: 18 July,all,Spoonerrific,"While Keepers of the Dark doesn't add much in way of story, its mission - based level design creates bite-sized horror that lives up to its base game."
,Recommended,418950,24364859,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Lucifrost,"absolutely the scariest game i've ever played. a great add on to dreadout, keeping the scare factor of the first act of dreadout without the mundane of the second act. this game starts scary and stays scary for the entire ride.my only real criticisms are that some of the levels aren't fully beatable without visiting other ones, and there's really no way to know that, and that some of the ghosts are extremely frustrating and not scary, most notable the ♥♥♥♥ING HORSE and THE ♥♥♥♥ING SAMURAI (although the first time he killed me i got scared real bad)overall it's better than dreadout tbh"
76561198132354359,Recommended,418950,23020766,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,TastyNutz,"If you enjoy having clean pants, this might not be the game for you. This game is very scary XD I nearly crapped my pants a bunch of times while playing. lol. The game is worth the 6 dollars. It gives you a bunch of gameplay and a great story. Here is a gameplay with few of the rooms. Even Pewdiepie played the game. So it's good somehow lolhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-r-Wb0EaMAM"
76561198141595663,Recommended,418950,22044718,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,WannaThePoo,"Just finished up this game, and I have to say, it was great. I don't scare easily, but this game got me a few times, and also has incredible atmosphere. Smexy ghost, walking puppet, kyubi(naruto?), what else? If you love Asian horror game, definitely you should pick this one."
76561198006432208,Recommended,418950,22989324,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Abdelhazred,"Monster Waifu Photo GameNow with over twice the pretty girls as the original Dreadout, and in higher definition. Run through this town annoying spirits with your camera, from angles you probably shouldn't, but we know you will.Nevermind the fact that she's minding her own business and seems completely harmless. Film her sleeping in her nightgown, brushing her hair, or tending to her ex-lover's motorcycle.10/10 Would Peeve Random Ghosts Off Again"
76561198017014647,Recommended,418950,22090694,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,TOxicHigh,"Pros:- Great use of sound- Our cute silent protagonist Linda is back- Some of the new ghosts are excellent- Just as creepy as the first game- Decently challenging. Good balance of exploration, ""combat,"" and puzzles.- Great visuals for fans of dark, gloomy, Silent Hill-esque ambience- There is a surprising amount of content given the price of the game, especially if you're going to complete all the objectives for every roomCons- Despite being expanded slightly in some parts, a lot of the maps are identical to their counterparts in the first game.- Some ghosts are so easy to banish it's more of a joke/chore, whereas others can be a little frustrating, especially having to 'resurect' after each death.- Only one new 'non-ghost' (?) character. The others from the first game don't return.- Although each room has it's own ghosts and respective stories, taken together, the game doesn't actually expand the story from the first all that much.Overall: Definitely reccommended for those who liked the first Dreadout game. I would also reccomend to fans of Silent Hill, Fatal Frame, and Asian-themed horror in general, although I would suggest trying the previous game first."
,Recommended,418950,22047707,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Pandoev,Awesome game!scarier than a flying cockroach10/10 MUST BUY!
76561197989351484,Not Recommended,418950,22173406,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Bummer_drummer,"You have made the gameplay very difficult for people to enjoy, you cant run worth a damn, the bosses just knock you down over and over without a chance to even move. Even after dying you come back standing right beside the boss not even able to move without getting knocked down then having to wait forever for the girl to stand back up just to be knocked back down again. I like the concept of the game and the design of your creatures, however it is to frustrating to enjoy the scare when all thats happening is you getting knocked down  and over powered at every second without even having a chance. Therefore i have given this game a bad review and probably will not continue to play it and will recommend people to stay scarce from it aswell. Please make this game more enjoyable to play then maybe ill give it another go. thanks alot for the crap game."
,Recommended,418950,33171658,Posted: 3 July,all,The FATE of Desember Graduations,"it's more like swearing simulator for me. thankyou digital happiness, such a good game!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,418950,22054207,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Corneval,SCARY AS F*CK!
,Recommended,418950,22043339,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,ADAM KRISHNA,WOW it's Amazing!
76561198256446069,Recommended,418950,22035562,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Verth,Good work DH. I hope I can see more of your hardwork in the future.
,Recommended,418950,22121236,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,DREAM3R,good game with a lot of mystery!! Take a look this !https://youtu.be/m8UmTdAOdUY
,Recommended,418950,28666064,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,*iChloRinE*,This game is not perfect like the first game..but i still like this game :)
,Recommended,418950,22079044,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Solusi,"""It's basically a sequel of ghostbusters with smartphone camera""""The first Ghostbusters is much better""https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lHOiNJzTwOUPro:- New ghost (One of them is HOTTT!!!)Cons:- Same gameplay, nothing new- Reusing same map from the original DreadOut game- Lack of native ghost from Indonesia (WTH Kyubi doing in DreadOut)My suggestion: RECOMMENDED only for DreadOut fans. If you're new then play the original DreadOut first."
76561198057365984,Recommended,418950,22161438,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,secondgunman,"A great addition to main game worth its money. Lots of new monsters keep things fresh with unique boss battles that will test teh skills built up through both games. Great atmosphere that doesn't rely on cheesy jumpscares to get the blood flowing, and there weren't nearly as many frustratingly difficult sections as there were in the main game. Great overall!"
,Recommended,418950,28157928,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Anfia :3,"This Standalone of Lost chapter of DreadOut is more better than original oneNon-linear storyThe graphics seems little better than original onePerformance, this one is more optimized than original one, although there's still bug on several area and action... Still stuttering too, but not very much than original one89/100Recommend for Indie and Horror gamersI recommend to buy the DreadOut Bundle (DreadOut Original with DreadOut KOTD + Soundtrack) for the best indie horror experience from Indonesian horror story :3"
76561198343660244,Recommended,418950,31256761,Posted: 20 April,all,ThesisSlayer-,"In my opinion,This game have a good story,I wish that the publisher will create another series of DreadOut!"
,Recommended,418950,25465905,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,AR-D,"translate ke indonesia donk supaya ngeti cerita nya.gw dah main sampe tamat full.kesan nya :1. cerita nya ngebingungin. karena hantu nya beda. gw yg ga nyambung, apa ceritanya yg ga nyambung (entah lah)2. tempat masih sama kaya di dreadout pertama. cuman beda ceritanya.3. alur cerita di setiap part nya bagus. cuman gagal paham di 102 dengan hantu kuda nya.4. ceritanya pendek dan juga teralu mudah ngalahin boss nya."
76561198061239856,Recommended,418950,34453961,Posted: 23 August,all,Right Hand,Great game. Scary and creative.
,Recommended,418950,35093256,Posted: 20 September,all,Rafli Septian,GOOD GAME FROM INDONESIA#SALAM
,Recommended,418950,22035684,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Ｃold • Ｒain,Do You Want To See Linda Talking In A Manly Man Voice Over How Linda Is Getting Spooked? WELL HERE YOU GO!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FVVyZIPbqmY
76561198131278816,Recommended,418950,22038418,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Dark Assassin,"Assasin,Kyuubi,Rockbands,head of medusa and freaky mannequins ..... all of then are creepy as hell....when my i met my waifu she said.. MODAR SIAH!!!11/10 would jumpscares again :)"
,Recommended,418950,34343630,Posted: 18 August,all,fahmi4869,"The graphics and animations are improved in this game. Although it has not much stories behind it, but it's okay. It's a pretty good game"
76561198007795000,Recommended,418950,31640229,Posted: 8 May,all,Crim,"Crappy controls, stupidly crafted boss fights which are pretty much unfair.. you must get hit to progress.. a lot of it will make you wonder how the hell it didn't work and sometimes ...how did it work? overall 5/10 was decent to an extent but very unsatisfying to deal with so much crap"
76561198128779130,Recommended,418950,22082561,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,bbrdivre3,mantap.. seram sekali
76561198172314371,Recommended,418950,22191151,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Electrics,do I cry or die in a corner slowly going insane :D BEST GAME EVER
76561198162921583,Recommended,418950,33456110,Posted: 11 July,all,ajax2888,Love both Dreadout & KOTD. Still need to finish 2nd one though.
,Recommended,418950,22327019,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Green Ranger,"Finally: Finished my play through of Dreadout: Keepers of the Dark.https://youtu.be/VoCfGNsNcmAAwesome Game, for cheap price don't expect anything of quality but it's nice re-entry into Indonesian ghost and horror tales and the lore to boot.It's just as buggy as the first game but enough rooms and boss fights and journal fact's to keep you occupied.It's quite easy game to finish can easily be done on first play through in under 3 hours but if you want to get the most out it, take your time and play the game properly learn about the many super natural events and stories that Keepers of the Dark has to offer.Allot of the previous level design from the first game have been re-used for Keepers of the Dark but many ghost stories and demons are all new original.If you have played games like Fatal Frame and Project Zero this game might just be for you, Keepers of the Dark can be very obscure and experimental in parts, not afraid to be daring stays well clear from being generic game for casuals.If your into horror and survival games and stories on ghosts, demons and spirits from Indonesian lure you will like Keepers of the Dark.I will reward this game 9/10Great jump moments well thought out game on cheap only makes you wish for more.If only this was a richer fuller experience only thing holding this game back but what do you expect for DLC that only costs £5."
,Recommended,418950,32703922,Posted: 23 June,all,Projekt34: Your God,"Home alone.Enter the first realm.Heard a creepy sound.""Naaaaah, I will play it tommorrow AT DAY!!!"" 10/10."
,Recommended,418950,22107852,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Leenk | MrLinh,LIKE IT ANYWAY because i love Linda !!
,Recommended,418950,32558142,Posted: 18 June,all,SlyCoopersButt,Seems like a fun game so far. Could use a bit of polish here and there but overall it's pretty fun for the price.
76561198038677251,Recommended,418950,23389836,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,NaZQ8,CANT HANDLE THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥ANYMORE !!!!!10/10
76561198020085437,Recommended,418950,22030762,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Nokzen,"Havent played the original DreadOut Game, so im new to this, but it really seems cool so far, great atmosphere.So far running around collecting stuff, trying to figure out what to do. But if you are into Horror adventure game, id Recommend this one for sure.Check out some gameplayhttps://youtu.be/DDib6khoYSc"
,Recommended,418950,23235137,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,LG.SHIRONEO,Mbak linda still da best dah
,Recommended,418950,22122246,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Lucina,DreadOutNOW WITH BOOBS PSYCHICS
,Not Recommended,418950,25022952,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,xSavageryx,This game isn't scary at all. Honestly its the same things over and over and boring.
76561198198155527,Recommended,418950,32379258,Posted: 12 June,all,✪Eta Terangkanlah,GGWP
,Recommended,418950,22038312,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,YoRHa Type A No.2,Am I playing Dreadout or Dark Souls?Let's take the middle.DREADOUT: KEEPER OF THE DARK SOULS10/10 would die again
,Recommended,418950,22038027,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,PokoPow,i found kyubi from naruto anime in this game
,Recommended,418950,22028738,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,DRUNK_CANADIAN,"DreadOut: Keepers of The DankGame is a jumphorror japanese, with some truly horrific scenes....like walking into a truckstop bathroom....THE HORROR!So on that front its good, its got the schoolgirl thing going for it too, so if you fap disturbed horror and JP schoolgirls then you should probably be committed to jail....and you should buy this game.Only downfall is you can't take selfies with your cam :_(            ......I guess any teenage girls nightmare.....Full recommend regardless."
,Not Recommended,418950,28497837,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Ace T'Ken,"It runs badly, is written terribly, is voice-acted still worse than that, has awful PS2-era textures and animations, and noticibly repetative audio looping. Worst of all, all aspects of it are explained so poorly that I had to look up most of how to play online, and even then it didn't make any sense. I don't just mean the lore (Why would a ghost be afraid of a camera phone?), but the characters and their motivations were also gibberish.The thirtieth time an old woman ghost attacks with the same animation and shrill noise, it isn't scary. It's annoying. When you resume the game from the death area, and within a second you're already attacked again while trapped in a corner, it's bad pacing. I have genuinely zero ideas how this isn't getting savaged by reviews. It's truly abysmal in every way."
,Not Recommended,418950,22106579,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Dynamont,"Well, it didn't even work so..."
,Not Recommended,418950,33346597,Posted: 7 July,all,Black Star,WTH kenapa bahasanya cuma english ini game mana sih kok bahasanya kaya gitu parah
76561198052745164,Not Recommended,418950,22037744,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,iTed,"Well, I was expecting that they will somehow make the game look better or improve the mechanics from the first but apparently they did not put that effort in.Since I did not bother to finish the first, I'm not sure that I will finish the second neither for the simple reasons that it is not that scary, bad fight mechanics, lack of creativity (this is like a cheap rip-off of fatal frame), lack of storyline, bad graphics, etc.Seriously I don't mind paying a premium if the game is well done but nonetheless it is another dissapointing sequel."
76561198128140384,Recommended,418950,22608234,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,MadNess,10/10 Great game!!!
76561198173198081,Recommended,418950,22497695,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,YUYUN,please help me with this game executable :'D stil didnt work with the support..
76561198080133377,Recommended,418950,27740451,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,OhJayBee,"Pros:-Plenty of new areas to explore-Excellent enemy design-Surprisingly good soundtrack-Basically theft with that price tagCons:-Relatively short-Far more linear than DreadoutA more straightforward experience as opposed to the main game, but still manages to retain and in many cases improve upon the elements that made the original Dreadout shine.It's seriously worth mentioning how much effort went into making every encounter in this game feel unique, some seriously creative battles that'll humble players who think the ""Flash it 'till it dies"" approach of the first game will work.Digital Happiness continues to do god's work filling the void that Fatal Frame has left."
76561197960947385,Recommended,418950,34520206,Posted: 26 August,all,Quick$hot,A great addition to the series. Just got done beating it and would recommend it to anyone who loves scary games. Some of them were so freaking terrifying I love it! 10/10 2spoopy4me.
,Recommended,418950,34940479,Posted: 13 September,all,Tomz7,"i think dreadout 1 is better , more...original.. i thinkthis game good too , but if can add indonesian language on game option not just chinese and english.."
,Recommended,418950,35323257,Posted: 29 September,all,Muse,ghost buster!
,Not Recommended,418950,35507769,Posted: 5 October,all,mmustric,"Just cant recommend this the battle mechanics is horrible cant even hardly figure out what to do on bosses, doesnt even make sense. This seems to be a worse game than that original. I shouldnt have bought it."
