user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,419480,32405671,Posted: 14 June,all,mythal,"THIS!THIS IS THE GAME!THIS IS THE COMPANY!...this is the first early access game I've bought that I'm not only happy with, but frikkin love it!This company did early access right. Released on schedule. Lots of perks and cool stuff during EA. The game was fun during EA and playable. On release it was patched with fixes and content nonstop the first 3-4 weeks. This company is absolutely great. I'll be looking for more of their titles.The game itself is awesome. A great space sim 4x style game and action space combat game all in one. Fun storyline or you can play freeroam from the start. I havent even gotten that far into it and I can easily see hundreds of hours into one playthrough here. Modding support is phenomenal too for customization and new gameworlds, ships, factions, you name it. Cant wait to see what more total conversions and such that players pump out.Ship control is great even with mouse/kb, as I always hate flight games that require a stick (I dont like playing with sticks).This game really has everything. They thought of it all. How to make it fluid, seamless, easy to play yet challenging and brutal at the same time. You die? Game over. But you've got tons of tricks to use with equipment and skills, that make space combat something really unique in this game that I havent seen before.UI is also great and easy to navigate, although it felt a little strange at first simply because I wasnt used to it - but that only took a few hours. Like any good game you can hotkey what you want, and the game engine is also pretty much flawless. High FPS and no crashes.Just an absolutely beautiful game. Thank you devs. You have a loyal new customer here."
76561198030878273,Not Recommended,419480,33546046,Posted: 14 July,all,Lor,"This is a really hard negative recommendation for me, I paid the full £26ish price for it and I've definitely gotten more than an hour per £ in playtime.Have I enjoyed it? Kinda, yeah. There's some wonderful beauty to the game, and I've been honestly stunned using the camera angles to appreciate battles, or simply flying through space. Commanding fleets of massive capital ships and being able to fly in any direction you like Is lovely, and god it looks beautiful.The issue is flying the 'Gunship' class (smallest ship class, essentialy a massive fighter) feels exactly the same as flying a heavy Cruiser (first big capital ship you get) with smaller guns and quicker turning, but even with the smallest ship class you're still setting your weapons to auto-fire and largely waiting for them to kill things or deciding you're not strong enough yet.I also (largely the reason I've bought the game, and why I've tried to stick with it) found this game referred to as Mount and Blade in space. It certainly looks so, at least in the sense that there's other factions reacting to your actions and your ability to create and expand an empire, conducting military actions as a single combatant leading from the front (if you so choose).The problem with the two previous points, is that in Mount and Blade I can see my troops, see what they look like, their weapons, how they look in combat, and how the whole battle looks. In Warlords all I've ever felt like I'm doing is getting into combat, pointing the right part of my ship at a target, and waiting until it dies.Similarly to M&B there's also RPG elements, as in ability to customise your pilot, your ships, your loadout (though I've mostly found myself equipping whatever is the most expensive items I can find and doing brilliantly doing so), it's there and my character specialising in boarding (and stealing ships) definitely got good at that quickly. Though I can't really think of any major penalties I had from choosing to specialise only in boarding out of about 30-40 different options (though admittedly, I've only played the one game for an entire 24 hours, which might not be enough to see these choices be meaningful?)There's strategy, in that you have an area to defend and need to make sure when the trouble starts you can either bring yourself and/fleet(s) to help. Mostly I noticed anything smaller than a destroyer was in danger of being blown to hell in any late-game fight so I stopped building anything other than battlecruisers and seemed to win fights easily after than point.There's also the 4X (eXpand, eXchange, eXplore, eXterminate) element to the massive world map with so many other factions and things to explore. My next point covers this bit anyway so I wont say more here.So, why am I giving a negative review? Ignoring how unbelievably beautiful it is, the game just feels empty, stale, and like I'm enjoying myself less than I'm simply going through the motions, trying to advance my empire. There is so much more for me to explore, vistas to see, factions to meet, bigger fleets to build, but I'm bored.I can't control my fleets directly, I can't even assign a ship to my fleets and choose to use it for myself (literally, for some reason you have to buy empire ships with one type of resource, and purchase ships for yourself using money, I had 2 battlecruisers while I was still piloting a damn frigate!)It doesn't matter what ship I'm flying, they all fight the same, I can use a mouse button to shoot but what's the point when every enemy looks pea-sized and everything auto-locks-and-fires at the push of a button?Every fight is basically a slugging match between the biggest ships while the smaller ships try not to die from auto-fire (tactical advice, big ships soak damage, send those in first, then smaller ones for more DPS)I think I hoped for a more beautiful X3: Terran Conflict (or the Albion Prelude expansion) but somehow the old, glitchy game with barely any global impact from your decisions makes me feel far more depth than SPG: Warlords, and even though the world is smaller and I can't even conquer it with mods.Actually thats the major issue, the fact you could start out in actual fighter and make your way up to a super-heavy was a huge part of the game, but not the requirement. X3s interfact was a painful learning curve, but jesus it was good, comprehensive, and gave you genuine, total, real-time tactical control of your fleets (be it huge militaries, small traders, or just a couple of scout-fighters)You can play as a gunship in Warlords and support your big fleets, but there's absolutely no point. Any ship in your fleet cannot be flown by you, any ship in your garage cannot be used in your fleet. You can outift your garage ships in the most badass way possible, but your fleet ships will do whatever they want. If you're not using auto-fire on all your guns you're stupid, and outside of that the only combat depth is ""I need to mark THIS target so my turrets/other nearby ships focus on it, and repeatedly hit the X button so my missles will also hit it - OR - I will move THIS fleet in now, and use THIS one for something else.There's so much more I could say on this, but really the thing which makes me sad is Warlords feels like an absolutely gorgeous Mobile Turret Platform Simulator in space. There's plenty of other potential depth, but it feels gated behind increasing difficulties of combat that require steadily more numerous and powerful Mobile Turret Platforms.Personally? I wish I could see the beauty of this game and it's true sector takeover mechanics in X3, then I'd be seeing something magical.Sorry for the harsh review, I think the devs have worked really hard on something lovely, it just can't truly grip me due to too many things."
,Not Recommended,419480,32266415,Posted: 8 June,all,Robonator,"Lets start with the stuff everyone only cares about:Please remember: This is my own opinion, if you dont like it: you dont have to.Pro:Rather big mapsGood graphics and soundDialogueoptions that seem to even influence the storyOnce the game opens up, there is a lot of freedomPlays a bit like a mix of Freelancer, Stellaris and XRuns relatively well on a 2500k, 8GB Ram and a GTX 980 on 1440pA lot of things to doMod supportContraWonky controlsFramedrops every now and thenEven though it is on an SSD, the environment sometimes takes ages to loadReally stupid AIWeird, confusing UI and menusEven though the game looks mostly fine, the graphics are pretty bad at times for no real reasonIt is sometimes unclear why something won't work or isn't selectableNot enough depth in my opinionRelatively bad tutorial. Many things and activities don't get properly explainedNow about some individual points that bother me and prevent me from fully recommending this game AND feeling good while doing so:Graphics and SoundThe graphics are pretty decent. Nothing bad but also nothing special, but it gets the job done.At times especially ships look pretty bad for no real reason.I had this sometime happen to me that my own ship looking like it is being rendered at a third of my resolution, while everything else looked just fine.I also had completely random FPS drops, sometimes even down into the 30, again for no real reason. A few seconds later it ran just fine again.The sound itself is totally fine and i like the OST. It just lacks some sort of ""epicness"" like other spacegames do.The UI and menusI don't know what went wrong here or who the hell thought these are good design decisions but the UI as well as the menus are mostly horrible to use.Sure you get used to it after some time, but this shouldn't be necessary.At first you will be overwhelmed by it. Some points don't get any proper explaination and are just unclear until you eventually learn it yourself.I also don't get it who the hell thought it would be a great idea to have fleetmanagement in the game, but don't show any useful information of your fleets anywhere.You have that ""Fleets"" menu, but for some reason it only shows you your own details to your ship andNOTyour fleet.Be it the map, or your own HUD there is no info about your fleet anywhere. You can't even see which ship is part of your fleet and which one is just the AI security/trader/mining vessels, because they all got the same markers.You don't really get to see how much HP your ships have either, unless you target them and try decipher that little display for it.There is also no explaination when a fleet isn't classified as a microfleet anymore.This brings me up to the dialogue options, since setting a formation is one of these options.To assign your fleet a specific formation, you have to talk to any ship inside of it and select it from there.You can NOT do this anywhere on your HUD or from the map. You HAVE to talk to one of your ships.Your own fleet, or allied ships in general also make stopping at stations to empty your cargo unnessecary. If you have the Merchant I perk, you can just talk to one of your ships and dump everything you got there.Another thing is that it is often times not clear why you can't pick something from the dialogue. If i capture a ship, there are always some options greyed out and you have to guess why you can't pick it.There is no real overview for trading with other stations, it seems like you have to guess what they might have in stock and what not. Same goes with their ships and equipment. While your own station always seems to have everything in stock, others do so its mostly guesswork.Researching isn't easy either. Most of the time the descriptions are pretty funny but they lack any real stats or description of the thing you want to research. There are a few researchable weapons for example, but you can't see any details about them. Only what type they are. You have to research it and hope that it is any good.The UI also doesn't explain any differences to you. Plasma, Shockwave, Railgun, Missiles, Fusion Torpedos? Yeah go and find our yourself what they are and whats different other than the damage and energy requirements.You can also buy enhancement that, for example, boost your radiation damage. I have yet to see any weapon that tells me what kind of damage they deal.One thing that probably bothers me the most is the overview for buying and equipping ships. For around 6 hours i played thinking that the only shipstats in this game are the Hull and Cargo capacity. Then i randomly found out that you have to hover over each individual slot to see its stats. This wasn't explained and this is inconvenient.Especially since you can't compare multiple ships that you don't own.If you want to upgrade to a new class, you have to either memorize the stats or write them down for each ship to find out which one would be the best for you.TL;DR:The game lacks a lot of general information on your own empire, fleets, yourself and the general universe. A lot of the things are hidden somewhere in menus you didn't know existed or are just extremely inconvenient.The gameplay:The controls are just weird. There are many different kinds of controls you can pick from. You can control your ship with WASD only and use your mouse to point at things, use your mouse to look around and fly with WASD or even use your mouse to steer the ship.Some of these controls aren't really explained at all though, so its mostly trial and error.The controls i found out to be ideal are flying with WASD and using the mouse to look around, basically turretview.To interact with stuff, you need to controls, aim with your mouse and click with the middle mouse button to open a menu.This is once again extremely inconvenient, especially during combat.It is slow and sometimes even confusing. You need to pop up that menu and then search what you wanted to select.Why search? Because they move positions depending on how many interactions are available for you. The symbols are also blue on blue, another design choice i don't really understand at all. It might look fancy, but it makes it actually harder to see for the player. I missed a lot of opportunitys to capture enemy ships because it took me too long to find the right button.This actually brings me to the next point: It seems like you can't tell your fleet to stop firing. They will just obliberate everything in their way. Even if you are fast travveling around, they will stop and shoot any enemy fleet they encounter.Another thing i dislike is how you can only encounter 3 types of enemies: Traders that ,for some reason, will try to fight you, miners that, once again, will try to fight you and actual combat ships that will also try to fight you. It doesn't matter how powerful you are or your fleet is, even a single ship will just kamikaze into you.Fitting to this are also complaints with the AI. They all just seem to try and hug you to shoot you. Only Warlords seem to have some kind of tactics like ramming you.Your own fleet also seems to be extremely stupid. They just won't stop ramming each other.If you select a specific formation, they will try and hold it during normal flight or while they are alone, but in Sublight or T-Drive? Nope they just swarm around like extremely quick and angry bees and keep ramming each other and yourself.The game is great to waste some time, but it is anything but special. It is sometimes extremely annoying and i don't think it is worth the 32€ pricetag. If its on sale and you got time to waste, get it. I exceeded the max length of a review, otherwise this would be longer and more indepth"
76561198123677309,Recommended,419480,22454148,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Verethragna,"I do not usually write reviews and am not very good at it, but I think that it's about time I do so. The Starpoint Gemini franchise has been one of my favorite Space Sim games of all time, and Warlords is no exception. Now I know this game just released into Early Access on Steam and there's plenty of bugs and unfinished content, so I am going to talk about what's there.tl;dr:The game is Early Access and the developers are active and friendly. Only buy if you're willing to support the developers. At this stage in development, the game can be nigh unplayable for some. That being said, I like what they're doing with the game and the direction that they're headed.Full Review:I absolutely loved SPG2, everything about it was great. The developers are extremely active and are helpful on the forums; they are always listening to the ideas of their playerbase. I will admit that the UI in SPG2 was a bit to clunky and in your face sometimes, but it has changed in Warlords to be out of the way. I love the change in UI that Warlords has over SPG2 for mostly this fact.I'm a big space ship nerd, and space ships need to look breathtaking! This factor was kind of an iffy subject for me in SPG2, the Dreadnoughts/Carriers felt too small and the aesthetics on each were a bit more alien then I would expect from ships made by humans. This is entirely my opinion, but the ships in Warlords are awe inspiring. The first time I saw the Icarus, my jaw dropped. The clean sleek lines of the Concord ships are incredible and absolutely stunning. This doesn't just apply to the Concord mind you, every single ship i've seen or piloted in the game has been visually brilliant. The scale has been upped and Dreadnoughts feel and look like Dreadoughts.The one thing about SPG2 that I wanted but didn't have was exactly what Warlords focuses on. Conquering other areas and building an empire is what Warlords is all about, but most of this hasn't been implemented yet. What's there right now is a very satisfying Starbase construction system, and Garrison conquering. When you want to conquer a new zone, you select your fleet and send them to a Garrison. After you arrive at the Garrison, a battle commences in which you have to battle for supremacy and transport troops to the structure to capture it. I imagine that many more features are going to be added which involve territory and zones, but as it stands at the time of reviewing, the only thing capturing zones seems to do is give a credit income.The last thing I want to touch on is the sense of scale in Warlords as opposed to SPG2. This is a huge deal for someone like me who loves the feel of space and the time spent crossing it. Warlords doesn't disappoint in this aspect as every object in the game feels right in terms of size. The planets are much bigger and the distance between them is much farther than in SPG2, which makes the journey and exploration feel more rewarding. Exploration is another topic I will lightly touch on before I end this review. The exploration system in Warlords is very time consuming. The area of known space you discover while flying is very small; this forces you to move around a lot to find something that could be hiding in your own zone. I don't really have an opinion about this one way or another, there are Pros and Cons to each games exploration systems and i don't really have a favorite of the two.I'm incredibly happy with my purchase of SPG:Warlords. Being able to support developers like these while nurturing their new child is a great experience. That being said, the game needs people actively reporting bugs and giving feedback. I'm guilty of not doing this as i'm shy, even on the internet. A post on the community hub this morning prompted me to give my two cents in a review, and I apologize if anyone finds this review to be long winded."
,Recommended,419480,31972610,Posted: 26 May,all,BloodyPork,"Damn, this game is amazing. Totally exceeded my expectations.Pros:+ much better than Starpoint Gemini 2+ much better than Freelancer+ pretty much the best space combat sim 4x hybrid ever+ good Star Trek Captain Kirk simulator+ good modding potential+ greater than sum of its partsCons:- could use more polish and bugs ironed out- way too addictive, makes me lose sleep- can't concentrate at work because I keep thinking of my in-game empire- still need a Star Wars total overhaul modSome short detailed review: In the campaign you start with a gunship and work your way upwards into becoming a conqueror who conquer the whole galaxy. You build allied fleets to help you do so. So you have the standard 4x fare like building constructions, resource gathering, research, etc. Simple enough, but fun.Then comes combat. Imagine Mount and Blade. You are on top of a horse, huge battlefield, and you order your men to charge the enemy formation. You see your men are slaughtering the enemy in front of you. You lower your lance and charge at someone and kill them instantly. You draw your bow and shoot arrows at someone. In this game you are like an admiral in your capital ship, and you see your fleet slaughtering the opposing fleet in front of you. You increase your speed, and ram your ship into one of the opposing ship and watch it explode. You lock into a ship and shoot torpedoes. So yes, it feels like Mount and Blade in space."
76561197997778509,Recommended,419480,31926807,Posted: 23 May,all,galacticlore,"If you are a fan of the previous 2 Starpoint games, you should enjoy this one even more. If you aren't, what are you waiting for!!!For this iteration, the campaign storyline thus far is fantastic - much moreso than the previous two games. The ships designs are amazing. Combat is...bigger (as are the ships! Seriously, the size difference between ships is one of the biggest changes in the game so far!)The ""Risk""-like conquer-the-solar-system map is huge, and though sometimes feels a bit too easy to conquer, can become a bit challenging (and unfortunately a bit tedious sometimes) when the AI strikes back. I love that after conquering an area, it is absolutely possible to lose it again.I recommend this strongly if you enjoy space flight games like freelancer or the X-series and such. This game is sort of a combination of those two specifically.  Be aware this is not a spaceflight-sim, so no physics (or not much - ships do have some small amount of momentum, but that's it)."
,Recommended,419480,32144349,Posted: 2 June,all,s | voxx,"In many ways Warlords is a 'thank you' letter to its fanbase. Many of us have been around since SPG 1 and have watched this franchise grow and evolve. I was an Early Access supporter of SPG2, and also of Warlords. During EA, and GA of SPG2 there were so many 'wouldn't it be cool' topics that LGM essentially commited themselves to making these (sometimes outlandish) requests an actual game.From there, Warlords was born. It's a charming mix of 4X light and 3rd person space shooting, with a decent dose of RPG thrown in. I'm many hours in, and I have barely scratched the surface. The game won't be for everyone tho - there is a lot of grind (which I happen to enjoy) and for the most part it isn't tedious. There's a campaign, which I always play as a frame for free roam, and many actual free roam options.It does take some getting used to, many people say the camera is 'broken' but it's not really, it's just the way the series works and you have to get accustomed to it. If you bought it hoping it might be patched out, I'm afraid you're mistaken! Once you grasp it tho, it really is  a lot of fun.The game also supports 21:9 right out of the box, supports SLI via AFR2 and looks gorgeous at 3440x1440. I know the game is only going to get better as more content is released and a few features are added (bounties!).I wrote a deeper review on SPG2, and many of those points still stand here. I'm having a blast, and thank LGM for sending this letter!"
76561198052036021,Recommended,419480,32845891,Posted: 27 June,all,rebelsin7,"I enjoyed Starpoint Gemini 2 but refrained from reviewing/recommending it, as it was well done for what it was, but kind of limited as far as what you could do in it. While I realized I could get better at certain skills and do more in terms of upgrading ships, etc. it wasn't enough to pull me in for the long haul. I thought of about 5 or 6 things that, if I could do in that game, would elevate the game to a very replayable, deep, and even immersive game, but it simply didn't provide those things.As if reading my mind, when I first heard Warlords was coming out sure enough the first features announced were the ones I'd wished for! Conquering territory, building stations, updraging them to have more functions, commanding larger fleets... just about every box was checked.My last request for a future iteration would be to offer a FPS mode in flight, but maybe more imprtantly, in stations. The characters/storyline would be more memorable, and it'd be fun to run around the stations you were putting together, or the planets you conquered. Even relatively minimally. It'd also be great to see stations/planets populate as you build more and they settle to normalcy. Also it'd be interesting to be able to recruit people to come live/work on your stations, and even have some be npcs you could link up with and give command of ships to, with specialties of their own you could level up/benefit from.Anyway, it'd add a whole new layer to the game, and I'd imagine it'd be hard to implement, but as a credit to this game, I'm not sure how much further this game could go in terms of a next version. It's quite complete as is!Highly recommended."
76561198020658064,Recommended,419480,31923828,Posted: 23 May,all,zingo2,With many games on Market One has to wonder- but what about quality? Excitment and pure joy?!Well With the Warlords you have a solid value.Its similar to Xseries but a lot smaller and you dont have to spend weeks to get decent progress. Its a Blend of mix arts- Rpg- 4x elements- Strategy- Simulator- Lore- roleplay etc and so on.Ive been with Lgm for years now and what strikes me the most- its the communication between the community! A golden rule some companies on the Market tend to forget! In fact Community driven feedback and ideas and Developer investment has led to this 3ed installment of Starpoint game!Is it bug free? Of course not. Does it have glitches? Sure it does! So why would I or anyone would want to buy it?Well- If you were a kid and your dream was to play a Space game to get that big Behemot of space ship with Big guns- this game wont disappoint you! You can re-live your childhood and fulfill your long dreaded dream!And its a good feeling when dreams do come true!
76561198033603190,Recommended,419480,31958272,Posted: 25 May,all,CPT Scraggly Beard,"I bought this game yesterday and ohh boy what a mistake that was, installed it around noon and the gf comes home around 7pm and says hey babe i make some kind of grunting noise to acknowledge her presence as I was in the grind from level 8-15 to get that destroyer you are in for all of 1 level as level 18 comes really quick then you do cruiser stuff. More on that latter, anyways the gf comes and says shes going to bed and i think i asked her what time it was she said midnight I just made more noises as my cruiser was taking a beeting. next thing I know im cruising the galaxy in my new battleship wondering where my fleet went. When all of a sudden i feel this warmpth on my face. A warmpth i have not felt in a long time, it was the sunlight starting to shine through the window. This is the first game in a long time that has somehow made me forget to eat and sleep. Just one more in game week babe i need this new ship for my fleet.8/10 would lose sleep again"
76561198070695461,Recommended,419480,32033339,Posted: 28 May,all,Cupcake,"OVERALL: 9.2/10About 8.7 scored from the averages of my review, but I want to give the game a 0.3 bonus for the amazing dev group. They are active and genuinely care about their community. I can't think of any other game that cares about us the way these people do. Honestly, it feels shallow to even try and quantify it in terms of score, but I'm doing it because the dev community was what sold me on getting the game (but the game is what keeps me coming back). And it really does make it so much better! Oh, and another 0.2 for workshop!A note to the Developers if any of you read this:Thank you so much for your hard work in not only making this amazing game, but also the hard work you all do in interacting with the community!Graphics: 7.5/10+Nebulae+Suns/lighting+Clusters of junk/asteroids+Ships and particles- flat skysphere-Planet texturesWhen you get close to a planet, it has very low resolution and overall just looks odd up close with some choppy tiling texture seams. Likewise, textures in docks seem kind of bland. The stars in the sky (not the two in the galaxy, but the ones in the background) feel very flat, too. It feels very much like a star textured sky sphere surrounding the player, which is only an issue in areas that have few other things to look at, so your attention is really drawn to it more. All that being said, the nebulae are gorgeous and make up so amazingly for it.Sound: 9.5/10+Music+Sound Effects+VA quality- A liiiittttle bit more VANot much more that needs to be said about this. I constantly felt the music was done well. Also, with a little tweaking, you can effectively add any music you want. There's some tutorials on this and mods thatreplacemusic, but none so far that I've seen add music. Very likely because you have to alter some core files of the game, so any updates would likely overwrite it. Still, if you just keep a copy of the modded file, it'd probably be pretty easy to just put it back in. And the limited amounts of voice acting are actually really nice breaks with good quality as well. A little on the sparse side in terms of frequency, though. Not saying I want an extensive amount of VA, but a little more would be nice.Gameplay: 9.5/10+Unique RTS/Action+Great balance of play and growth+Transition into RTS is wonderful+NPC/Enemy AI makes the game feel alive- A bit of sensless grind in the beginningEarly on in the campaign, I felt like I was just kind of left to my own devices on getting to the next tier of ship. Which is fine, but this made the gameplay a Job Board grindfest for a couple hours. I feel if I did this part again, I may be able to find more stuff to do, but in the end on my first playthrough, there were about 3 hours in the game where I was just trying to get money with no other objective. And the job board is just mindless fetch quests essentially.  That being said, after the game gets going, itreeaaallygets going. It is one of the most addicting concepts I've ever played in a single player game. Honestly, this part wouldn't be nearly as good if it wasn't for the beginning area to give the rest of the game perspective. As yourEmpire... I meanConcord... grows in power, you will expand and the game play shifts beautifully into an RTS combination that the player character feels useful, but not overpowered as a ship among a fleet. This stage of the game is when it really hits your blood stream and hooks you in. The constant ebb and flow of defending, growing, gathering, and moving is perfect. Enemies and NPC's both attempt expansion and it really makes a single player game feel alive with all the moving parts.Story and Setting: 8.0/10+Timeline+Setting gives context to the universe= Decent story- Story takes a backseat to gameplayThe story is pretty decent so far ( as I haven't finished it yet). The main problem is that between certain quests, the player has to upgrade his ship to the next tier. This really breaks the continuity and makes the story feel more sporadic, as it keeps taking a back seat to the gameplay. The setting is great, though. There is a pretty detailed timeline in the game to give context as to what's happening. Honestly, this gives so much to world in terms of interactions and even some of the insults, as well as the different structures and probably most importantly, the placement of each nation."
,Recommended,419480,34725177,Posted: 3 September,all,MaGicBush,"So I just beat this game, and can say without a doubt it filled the void in my life for the last 50 hours. I am not finished yet either, as I have the DLC to do still as well as conquering the rest of the system(I own about half). I learned about this game from the Starpoint Gemini 2 forums, which was my first game made by Little Green Men. I liked it as well, but this game expands on that one and is much funner and thus I am getting way more hours of play out of this one. Warlords is a sandbox game with a campaign to play through in the sandbox. You can just play with the sandbox as well and disable the campaign when starting a new game. I guess I will just go over the main categories most reviews do briefly.The graphics are good, but not the best either. Most other newer space games like Elite Dangerous do beat it down a bit. But they do a fantastic job with the art direction and nebulas here. There is not much more to write about here as you can view screenshots. Audio is pretty good as well, but again not state of the art or anything. Some of the campaign is voiced as well(but not a lot of it unfortunately).The gameplay is fantastic, and where this game shines. It has a tactical based combat system. You try to manage your ships shields as you aim your turrets at the opposing ships. You can manually aim, but you will mostly just use the ""fire at will"" command for the AI to do it, as you need to focus on rotating your ship and using skills. The main complaint I have against this system would be the lack of balance for missiles. I found my self ignoring missiles(the heavy weapons of the game), as they barely do anymore damage than your main guns and have limited ammo. The boarding is done well, and I am not sure that I would want much changed about it. Your marines have to progress from room to room after you grapple a ship and send in your boarding party. Once the ship is yours(which you can increase your chances with perks and research) you may then choose to either sell it, keep it, or send it towards research if you don't have access to that ship yet. Besides the campaign you have mining, side missions, salvaging, bounty hunting, trading(which I almost didn't mention the economy is static) and conquering the map. You may build a fleet of ships that you can have follow you, or you can have them help defend some outpost. I mostly only saw the need to have them follow me though, and just get a death fleet to go around and conquer. This leads me to another complaint about the late game. While you are conquering and doing missions you have to micro-manage the crap out of your civilian fleet. This consists of every few minutes having to open up your map, and scroll around looking for stuff for your civilian fleet to do(this is seperate from the combat fleet that follows you). It is very annoying having to click on each allied station to see what they are trading. It would be nice if there was a window of some sort that popped up and showed you all of this information and you could choose to send your fleet from that screen instead. Or even allowing wasd movement on the map would help alot.The story of the campaign is alright, but nothing to write home about. It is pretty well done, but there is way to many fetch type quests IMHO. It could as well use more cinematics to tie everything together and have fully voiced dialogue throughout it. This would make it much more immersive and interesting. I sort of lost interest halfway through for a while and just ran from point a to b without reading the story. However towards the end it gets much more interesting as you start working on the end game.Overall this game was a lot of fun, and well worth the money I spent on it. I can safely recommend this game to anyone interested in sci-fi, space, RPG, empire building, or tactical combat as it has all of these elements going for it. I can see myself playing this quite a bit longer with the dlc(titans!), and trying to conquer the rest of my map. If they add other playable factions then it will add tremendous replayability to the game as well(hint hint!)."
,Recommended,419480,32622676,Posted: 21 June,all,Eonyte,"Space games are on the rise and Starpoint Gemini Warlords is a shining example. It challenges genres somewhat, besides being just a game where you fly a ship and shoot stuff, you also build an empire, manage resources and wage war. Most people focus on the good stuff, so I will not be doing that since that front is crowded.I think a lot of things were done right, but I don't feel like the game is truly complete just yet. I've concluded that the launch was a tad hasty. There are several issues that are prevalent. Here is a short list:1. Grammatical and spelling errors are fairly common (There is a mod that fixes most of it though)2. Some things are outright broken; mines and torpedoes, for example, quite literally do no damage whatsoever. This issue is compounded further since there are perks that improve mines for no effect3. There are loads of factions yet I feel like only a handful truly stand out. Most of them are irrelevant in terms of power as well and tend to get wiped out4. The grind. By default, harvesting certain types of resources is extremely tedious (Thankfully, there is a mod for this)5. Inconsistencies and lack of information. Lots of equipment have tooltips that reveal nothing about its specifics, i.e. damage, duration and so on6. Not that many ships overall. You will see several factions using the same ships. One shipline (Syndicate) is even duplicated, with other names and paintjobs. The statistics are even the same! This gives the illusion that there are more ships than you think7. NEW - I wouldn't consider the AI to have improved at all from the last game. The AI do not seem to make any impressive or strategic maneuvers, they fly towards you to get in range and that's about it. They simply shoot at whatever is closest to them. I am thinking of making a video highlighting this and comparing it to Freelancer's excellent AI movementThere are definitely more issues than this, these are just a few.To conclude, I recommend the game but I want to warn you that I wouldn't consider it fully operable. However, the developers are very active, releasing patches frequently and usually respond to questions in the Steam discussions. This is worth praise and I hope they keep it up."
76561197991317269,Recommended,419480,31908329,Posted: 22 May,all,Hagen67483,"This is a grindy game that keeps you doing mindless but still entertaining things and gives you the warm feeling of acomplishment through constant progress. This Progress comes from player leveling, skills and perks, bigger ships, weapon and system upgrades, leveling companions, building a star empire and a fleet that actively supports you.I started this review with the words grindy and mindless, let me elaborate. I needed a game that lets me do stuff while I are hear music, a audiobook, the news... and SpGW is really good for that. I play it that way and really enjoying it. And yes the first 15min of gameplay in the tutorial needs some attention, but thats over quick.But if you look for a game that needs real concentration, has a deep and interesting Story (based on the EA, the full released game has a Story. I dont know yet if it is good or not) and let you forget the world around you, maybe you should give this one a pass.A good comparison may be Mount and Blade gameplay, if you like the concept of fighting battle after battle, doing generic Quest after generic Quest, just to get stronger after every one and at the end rule over everything, this game could be for you.All of the things I said are based of the EA where the Story mode wasnt playable.I will update this review after I dived a bit into the Story"
,Recommended,419480,32008759,Posted: 27 May,all,The God Emperor of Mankind,It's a great game.Pros:.Graphics: It looks really good. (they could improve rendering distance though).Gameplay: The system is solid and entertaining..Sound: Good music and effects..Size: You have a ton of things to do if you want to conquer the sector.Cons:.UI: Confusing UI for someone new to the game. It needs more detailed explanations for items and how to assign and improve each ship system..Menus: Inability to use the keyboard to navigate the menus...really?All in all is a good game that can be improved in some aspects
,Recommended,419480,34139581,Posted: 9 August,all,RenScotson,"36 hours in and I'm still loving Starpoint Gemini Warlords. It does in my opinion have the same flaw as Starpoint Gemini 2 in that you can level too quickly and find yourself unable to handle the missions you pick up at stations. I find myself letting the game run while I alt-tab to browse Reddit while I'm waiting on those precious resources I desprately need.Mod support has been added and its awesome flying through the system in my Imperial Star Destroyer. But while you can build fleets of other Imperial Star Destroyers and Victory Star Destroyers, I find the cap a bit low. I also have no control of random ships of my faction that I find in random battles within my borders. As my territory gets larger, its also harder to go from one side to the other as travel times are long. There are T-Gates, but not all that many that can get me to where I need to go, and I don't think my fleets can use them either. (EDIT: Turns out they can, thanks zeko!)Starpoint Gemini Warlords feels like a RTS version of Risk in taking over territories with your fleet and battling alongside them. I just wish I had more control on my faction and units, to be able to reinforce certain area with defensive structures,  and not as grindy as I wait for my resources to buy a better ship, upgrade my structures, or to start very expensive research.And a achievement to review the game? Really? And I did it anyways lol."
,Recommended,419480,35028352,Posted: 17 September,all,trekwiz,"I definitely recommend this game, but there is a catch that must be mentioned upfront: the game is listed as having full controller support, but it does not. It has ok support for standard Xbox controllers, however it does not support flight sticks. There is also no in-game tool to remap controller buttons, and their default layout is a bit awkward. I'm also finding that the controller can't be used to get some info--for example, if you place an enhancement on any of your weapons, you can only see which one you used by using the mouse. Controller support is definitely partial, not full.Aside from that, I'm loving this game! The comment I keep seeing in reviews that convinced me to buy this game was, ""It's not as good as X3."" I'm happy to say: yes, thankfully, this game is NOT like X3. It's actually playable; it's accessible. I love that it manages to combine space simulator with RPG and economic management in a very smooth way, without a ridiculous learning curve.There's a fun balance between combat, trade, and tactical management. You can build fleets and have them defend your forward posts. Or you can join the fight yourself. You can assign other ships to your own fleet for some backup in a fight. You can play the main missions, go looking for your own fights, or take ""freelance"" quests. You can declare war on your neighbors, or send trade fleets.The game looks and sounds good--and if you have a decent subwoofer, the rumble of ship movement is incredible! And I love that the main missions give you a speed booster to get to the play area faster. I definitely recommend this game."
76561198067251264,Recommended,419480,22416106,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Zachev,"Edit: 4/15/2016So after playing it for a few hours, this game is playable (Only crashed twice within the 10 hours I am writing this review), but filled with a fair amount of bugs as to be expected of an early access title.  The biggest things that are missing from the game currently are mechanics such as fleet management, ship capturing (to put into your fleet) and retaliation from AI factions.  There is also a lot of polishing that needs to be done.That being said, the base game is a lot like Starpoint Gemini 2, so if you want to see how the game plays, watch some gameplay on that game.As for frame rate related issues, I've only had instances of frame drop at the start of a fleet battle when attacking another zone.  (This is with a 980 TI and i7 6700k)  I unfortunately cannot report any other issues because my hardware is very high above the recommended requirements.My verdict:If you don't want to support the devs and instead want a fully fleshed out and polished product, do not buy this game.  This is a prime example of an early access title that will be great eventually, but needs time to develop.Fully knowing this I purchased the game wanting to support the devs, and I am happy to have done so.Looking forward to the upcoming patches.Original Review:You can definitely tell it's an early access title.  That being said, what's there so far (mediocre voice acting and funky camera controls aside) is pretty good.But as always, I recommend you do research on the title before buying.  I like this game but it doesn't mean you will.I will fill out this review with more information as I get farther into the game."
76561198069713595,Recommended,419480,30518840,Posted: 14 March,all,HappyAngryCatfish,Mount & Blade in space. 10/10
,Recommended,419480,25668792,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Draknath,"This is the space simulator I've been hoping for since Freelancer. This game is a jewel, even in the Early Access state. Nice gameplay mechanics. Sadly, the alpha has no story, only player progression so far.Pros:- Huge universe to explore- Challenging space fights, some of them randomly appear as you are rushing towards objectives- You can sometimes find huge spaceship battles graveyards, which contain tons of loot, as long as you got the cargo for them all- The ship designs are really nice, at least for the battle ones.- Beautiful graphics, better than other space simulators, and it's Alpha, therefore some textures polishing might come in the futureNeutral:- While I really like the combat system, you will find out that your ship's shield has four sub-divisions, front, left, right and rear. 100% of the time the enemies will hit your sides, which is really annoying, especially when you see the projectiles hit you from the front. My front shield only drops because the sides are on 0%, and the enemies destroyed my shield generator- Upgrading your HQ takes quite a while, resource gathering can be rushed by micro-managing your fleets to do tasks.Con:- For a game that likes to show-off with the commander aspect, the fact that you cannot bring the fleet you spent resources on to create to aid you in combat is pretty silly. The only time you will be needing your fleet is for capturing space stations.- While the camera is nice while flying, during combat it becomes your worst enemy, because you are zoomed into your ship, and the enemies just keep flying around ou. The worst part is that looking at the enemy you are aiming for is a bad idea, since only your front weapons will hit it.Overall, this game is a jewel. Please purchase it, support the game, and enjoy it when it launches 100%. The devs should give players a way to share their ideas for the game openly, not via steam reviews, or comments to their posts. Sometimes a brilliant idea might arise."
,Not Recommended,419480,35505046,Posted: 5 October,all,Division by Zero,"It's decent enough but it has 1 fatal flaw. As you level up, the space encounters level up with you. Here's why that is a bad thing. You gain access to new ships by level lock. When you hit a given level, suddenly all the encounters are now sporting the next tier of ship so you are somewhat forced into the next tier of ship as well, if you can afford it. Then there is the grind to actually arm it with decent equipment. Likely, before you can even finish that grind, you've leveled up and been pushed to the next level yet again. This repeats until eventually you hit the top of the tech level where it finally stops. This  makes the game feel like a mad dash to level grind rather than enjoying the trip along the way. There is no real sense of progress made until the very end. Equally important, this breaks immersion quite a bit as well since supposedly the large ships like Battleships, Dreadnoughts and Carriers are a rare thing. However, the game simply spawns them left and right once you get to a certain level. This would be forgiveable, except it happens so early in the game that it's a bit of a joke. I really wanted to like this game, but every time I try to go back to it I just sigh and think of what it could have been."
76561198009768593,Recommended,419480,31530129,Posted: 3 May,all,Chiefmedicman,"This will be my first in-depth review of the videogame that I’ve ever done. It may seem a little unpolished but for the sake of Starpoint Gemini and the potential that it has, and does have, I found it best to do this.If you want to know if you should get this game or not the answer will be yes. This game has the potential to be the Skyrim of space exploration, battles, and trade.Graphics.The graphics in this game are spot on. It will be very hard to find other space games that have the amount of detail that this game has when it comes to space specific things such as asteroids nebulas planets and the ships themselves. So visually speaking if you want that kind of visual stimulation so you feel relaxed when you’re traveling and it feels like you are traveling in space this is the game to get. I suggest that you go online and look at some of the images themselves because what you will see in the Google search or whatever search you use you will also find in this game as well.Music.The music in the game for traveling purposes while you are in the game going from point a to point B will be at eight out of 10 it is very relaxing and it serves purposes for your space travel needs. Then you also get to the point where you will battle and the musical change to be upbeat as well. Things that can help this upbeat music would be more spite specific. What I mean by that, is if you’re fighting a regular battle you have your regular battle music. If you are fighting a veteran battle the music to change so on and so forth to correlate with the battles that you’re fighting at the moment.Fleet Mechanics.The gameplaying mechanics of Starpoint Gemini Warlords still have a lot of work to be done. As far as the fighting point from your spacecraft against other spacecraft’s it works. The problems start to come in when you’re trying to utilize a fleet or even use the war Masters that are given to you in the beginning. To be honest the war Masters will do you no justice and they waste your resources on being rebuilt. The best thing you can do with them is this; send them to an outpost to gain levels and eventually they’ll be high enough that they can join your fleet and not die instantly upon battle. The reason they die in battle so quickly is because their ships don’t take beatings well and for some reason, them and everybody else wants to be the first one in the middle of that battle.When it comes to fleet management you do not have much control of it. Just as in previous statement, your fleet tends to go in before you do. In battles that you have won, because of misplacement of your fleets and your ships you’ll lose. Do not find it very surprising either that your ships will stay behind even though you have moved on to a new location as well. You need to frequently check your map to verify that the fleet has followed you into the battle or you will find yourself by yourself. I don’t know if this would be a good idea but, maybe if they can implement away to have a top-down look of over the battle and be able to adjust your ships accordingly it would add a great tactical play to the game. A final note on ships and fleets in the movements of them if you’re in the middle of the battle there is no escape for them except for you leaving the battle far away. During the time that you’re trying to escape the battle your ships are still on the back fighting potentially leading to destruction of your fleet.Money and ResourcesMoney and resources has been the consistent bane of this game. When you start the game your income is very limited. What’s worse is that there is not a quick way to gather the resources that you need to really get into the game. The way that I have overcome this problem is by merely leaving my computer on 24 hours a day with the game playing in the background running, either playing the game or not. You can fly around all day long and kill ships and capture ships and still not be able to progress the way that you would if you left the game running on in the background as you went to sleep. I say this, because for purposes of research and getting fleets and craft out there on the scenes, you wouldn’t be able to do it by playing the game itself for an hour or two. I found only until much later in to the gameplay where everything is researched and maxed out do you have a consistent income that you can be able to lose ships and replace them and enjoy the game.As far as trade goes in game, it is better for you to capture ships and sell them, than run from planet to planet gathering items to make money. So, for now it is best to avoid trading if you really want to get money.(Game Failures)Here’s the nitty-gritty of things that you want to find unless you played this game for days and days like I have. I have noticed many times in battles when a ship is captured and sent back to base the game will crash (This will usually happen at moment of teleportation with Ship in tow.). You will also find sometimes that the research material requirements will not match the amount of materials that you have. Here is an example, let’s say researching lasers cost you 5000 material. You have 5000 material in your pocket but when you click it to start researching it does not recognize that you have the amount to research. That small glitch needs to be considered and fixed.I’ve also found that the enemy AI will leave you alone unless you take over a certain installation and then the persistence of attacks against it are never ending. And if you have a fleet there defending it you will find that you lose very valuable ships over lesser fleets. The way I worked around this was by sending a war master to that installation and let him sit there the entire game. I also found it very frustrating to have large fleets and take them on the missions with me only to have everything die but my capital ships too much lesser fleets. Here is an example of that, let’s say you have hundred gunships against one battleship I can assure you the 100 gunships will be instantly killed and that is more resources than you will ever want to spend in the beginning. There needs to be a better calibration of ship to ship battle. So, let’s say one-on-one versus a battleship the gunship deservedly needs to be destroyed is. But now you have 10 gunships versus a battleship. At this point the gunships should have higher percentage of shields and attack power than they would have alone. For simplicity reasons, one-on-one instant death, 100 to 1 they have a 90% bonus to attack power defenses for grouping purpose.Final ThoughtsIf you asked me if I could see this game being a 10 out of 10 the answer would be yes. I can see this game expanding to gathering of resources that can make better weapons for you. I can see better quests and quest lines created. A more in depth storytelling. And above all a game that will give you thousands of hours of playtime and replay ability. Because right now it seems to me the best thing you can do in this game, is max out everything that deals with boarding enemy ships, and taking them over to self or parts or cash. I look forward to the final release of this game because I can see it being a game that everyone owns. And one day, when there an old man like me, to reflect on their youth and remember how fun it was then.Sincerely,ChiefmedicmanFinal Note. When customizing ships allow for more freedom in movement as well as not having glaring lights prevent you from proper painting."
76561198086786146,Recommended,419480,25374913,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,John Chrichton,"For what it is now, its fun to explore and find things.  Still very much a work in progress, but, a nice change to the constant bombardment of PVP online games that simply just demand too much investment of time and energy on your part to be enjoyable."
76561198062357147,Recommended,419480,22420799,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,~P~R~I~M~A~L~,"I only have 86 minutes of gametime as I'm writing this review but will update as I play more. Just wanted to say that although I played Starpoint Gemini 2 I really wasn't involved with the community. That being said, I was following the forums when Warlords was launched and I must say I regret not being involved before. The Devs are obviously very passionate about their games and have a great sense of humour. Issues with launching the game at release were resolved within minutes and they haven't stopped helping or taking feedback since then. From what I've played so far Warlords seems very solid for an EA title. Graphics are beautiful and gameplay is spot on for what is there at the moment. Once you complete the tutorial you hop into free-play where you can do what you want. From owning your own Station where you can upgrade it to build your own ships and so much more to exploring the galaxy and doing side missions for now.  I totally recommend you pick this up and support them.Devs passion       11/10EA Launch           10/10Gameplay            10/10"
76561198114074727,Recommended,419480,32006437,Posted: 27 May,all,wwiiikitten,"Played EA for a bit and it was... Well, I couldn't blame anyone, that's what Early Access is for, to iron out the wrinkles.LGM delivered. That's all I can say. I'm glad I supported them and patiently waited out Early Access.A worthy successor of Starpoint Gemini 2. Kudos."
76561198142107115,Recommended,419480,22489870,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,pascalbob,"After having picked up SG2 for a song in the latest sale, and been very impressed, Warlords even in it's diminuitive EA state gives me that goose pimpley feeling.   Someone expressed it well 'Freespace meets Elite meets Orion'.   OK, we can all see aspects of all types of space sim in this but it's really hard to get that formula right...you know the formula that gives you that, turn all the lights off, turn up the sound, get your face up into the screen and climb into that space immersion suit feeling.Still loads to put right, lots of stuff is still wonky and the play is limited but by all accounts this studio looks good to stay the course expand the game and even change the recipe along with the help of it's users.I still find it so strange that the biggest studios out there just get it so wrong and the smallest bunch of devs can get it so right.  Kudos to you LGM, here's one user who's looking forward to every single update.Just one thing devs.....the dialog, the voice actors, cut the cheese lets's just keep it super serious, because that music. that wonderful music, deserves it."
76561197970461575,Recommended,419480,33132134,Posted: 2 July,all,leilanilad,"First off: The joypad support is HORRENDOUS.Locking on to overlapping enemies is impossible, targeting nearest enemy is unbound and you cannot customize the gamepad controls.THAT SAID:If played with the mouse (ala Freelancer), this game is a ton of fun.  Varied environments, lots of interesting places to explore and a decent economy.Bottom line:  If you don't have an issue playing with a mouse, get it."
,Recommended,419480,34713436,Posted: 3 September,all,deswolrd,"Great game for everyone, who loves space fight almost without deep strategical choices.Do a campain or kill / ally everyone - it's up to you. The only real help from support fleet is to take some fire while you're completing main mission, but it's not bad, it makes you feel valuable :)Simple controls and auto change of default camera mode depending on your current♥♥♥♥♥♥type. I wish it was just remember-the-last system, but whatever.DO NOT expect this game to be a strategy, read genre! It's nice action RPG with some strategy elements in favour of huge fleet battles (the only reason why your fleets exists I suppose).Definitely recommend!Now with titans!)"
76561198024853985,Recommended,419480,30033817,Posted: 19 February,all,general_severon,"Well I guess I should finally write something for a review.This game, while it does have its quirks and issues, is still a great game. The quirks and issues are partly due to it being an actively updated game to add content and fix bugs as they are found. The dev team is constantly in the forums responding to questions and taking stock of bug reports. Very friendly crew they have out there.For me, the idea of flying through space and exploring regions not of my own, is always fun for me. I like to get into trouble with various sects and there are plenty of them, all with their various diplomatic status.There is a multitude of ships and weapons for customizing said ships. Can even take time and pain your ship with decals or paint schemes.Plenty of things to do in this game and I am always looking forward to the next patch to see what is added, or fixed. Definately worth the money to me to buy this game."
,Recommended,419480,24486779,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Bellesaurus rex  🐲,"Updated!!!!! 6/10/2017Updated Bit: THe finished product is great and only has 2 issues. Sounds in large battles and not being able to customize your own Fleets colors/weapons. Other than that the game is everything the last was but then some.This game is amazing. IT is with out a doubt in my mind gonna turn out to be like Sins of a Solar Empire and Star Point had a A baby and taht baby had a baby with civ 5 and created this wonderful thing. You get to control and work an empire in control of your own ship also and actually fight.To the devs of this game. Yous are doing something special with this game and are going to have one hell of a hit of a game.FIGHTING:::So the fighting in it is perfect. You can either have it be auto or your choice as you fly around ships in circles and master your ability to pilot at at level 1 take out a lvl 10 ship.This game is a perfect example of needing skill to Fly and shoot unless you use auto aim. But by the time you start getting into it you will get the combat down and be the warlord that you want to be.SUPPORT WISE::They are ♥♥♥♥ING AMAZING WITH IT.  You got a bugged game? NP send them your save and tell them whats wrong and BAM you get it back within an hour or so. They have great Customer support and techincal support going on.The FInal Fontier ""Prob spelled that wrong""YOU CAN FLY ANYWHERE the galaxy is huge and its just beautiful and amazing to be in.JOBS:::YOu have jobs either escort ""pays 100k+""You have Hunting down criminals ""Pays 90k+""Then you have the relaxing jobs of exploring new space.You can also Mine.This game is great People need to play it."
76561198154080100,Not Recommended,419480,32046693,Posted: 29 May,all,janeyjocelyn,"The hype in the comments are overrated.  I usually rely on the reviews to help me decide if I should buy a game or not, this time around I feel cheated by the reviews. Controls are terrible. Physics non existant, colliding with an object just causes your ship to bounce like a brick hitting a wall. Gameplay is repetitive. Combat is pretty much automated. The entire game can be played via the universe map. I've played this game for 12 hours and I was already bored 6 hours in. I never write reviews, but the quality and playability vs the price I paid has forced me to write this review"
,Recommended,419480,31938976,Posted: 24 May,all,Lou the Lou,"If you have played Starpoint Gemini 2, this game will feel familiar.  If not, then I suppose I'd have to say it's like a mix between Freelancer and an X game.You control one ship.  You can do this from a first- or third-person perspective.  It has RPG elements in that you level up and apply skill/perk points.  It has strategic elements in that you conquer and control territory, collect resources, build forces, etc.  The majority of the gameplay, though, is action-oriented, in that you control a single ship while flying through space, doing various things like fighting enemy ships, scanning anomolies, mining gas clouds, etc.You control territory.  You control fleets.  There's a campaign.  There's freeroam.  There's the main quest, as well as side missions and random encounters.The most important thing:  in my opinion, it's a lot of fun."
,Recommended,419480,22467232,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Skitt,"Played a while of EA so far and I gotta say, it feels like a Starpoint Gemini game, go figure. This isn't a bad thing by the way. I loved Starpoint Gemini 2, I just wanted something deeper. Starpoint Gemini Warlords promises to be exactly this, and if the initial EA release is any indication, it's off to a good start.The game is pretty bare bones as of 4/16/16, but the base game is almost entirely there. Regular content updates and patches are expected, with more emphasis on testing before distributing an update. I can always recommend this series, and if you want a feel for what this game will be plus entirely more, check out Starpoint Gemini 2. I'll update this review as content patches release."
,Recommended,419480,35054573,Posted: 18 September,all,krim,"This game ended up better then i expected, Fist off, Make sure to verifi the game before playing, steam seams to be corupting the download. It very easy to cheat with a simple edit of a save file, note unlocking the best ship just means they will attack with theres. so its kinda pointless to cheat, its way better just to play as is. Its a long strat game with some RPG to it but thats realy half the fun. Took a bit to get used to controlls, but makes a good space shooter game with some deth, The only problem i have is the jobs get repetitive, but some new one seam to open the more you do them. the random events make up for this, you can come across anything on the way to your mission. I have not noticed any bugs other then what i pointed out.  just a drag its single player, i can see some good multi side to this game. if they made a universe with players chooseing there factions to pvp and grow there area, be cool."
76561198005499498,Recommended,419480,34113126,Posted: 8 August,all,AsyxA,"If you like the genre-mix this game has to offer and have some time to invest, the game is well worth the humble price. At release I didn't get a very polished feel while playing, but the game mechanics are unique and a lot of fun. Overall it is a huge improvement compared to the predecessor and continuously you notice design decisions that are well thought through and were probably implemented because of community wishes. Starpoint Gemini Warlords offers a lot of possibilities you will not find in competitor games, especially not combined in a singe one."
,Recommended,419480,22421333,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,†† Varyn Khatar ††,"Update:The game is just wonderfull +1 and Kudos to such a great team of developers.4 hours is enough to make you drewl, as a huge fan of Outer Space video games i am very impressed on how these folks Do these jobs to please us in the aspect of exploring Space and all it has to offer... in 1 Amazing game.Graphics7/10Exploration10/10Side Missions/Encounters7/10Space itself....10/10Its in early access right now considering it just got out of the Shell, the graphics are Amazing, the exploration is Incredible, you will find yourself Immersed in this Universe of Space where you OWN and Develop your own Faction the freedom to take over and conquer other factions to expand your lands... ... control and command Fleets... from small ships to Big ships.. the game is simply a 10/10 buyi'm not just saying this to get anyone to buy the game, But i buy and and i give Credit where its DUE... if you want a beautiful open Space world... this is the game for you...it has Exploration, Open world VERY BIG.... Encounters where your life depends on your own survival within does fights you would find your self with 10% HP left and all the sudden while your traveling back to base... a group of Enemies Warp in to attack you.... the Immersion of each battle is FELT.. as you either Help or Destroy... or Conquer.Don't look at reviews ... get the game and experience it for yourself.."
76561197993585778,Recommended,419480,22425148,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Rhazes,"LGM does early access right. Already, went through early access with them before with SPG2. LGM devs are very active on forums and most of your money will be spent on development instead of on strippers and booze. LGM included a copy of SPG1 with purchase of early access SPG 2 and then ended up transfering it to SPG 2 so it can be played in improved engine and it was released as a free content dlc Origins.Starpoint Gemini Warlords is the next step for the SPG series. There are some major improvements already but the game has signs of early access as of day 1 review as should be expected. You find some tabs currently disabled and of course no controller support at the moment because of some design changes. SPG2 controller play was well done and LGM releases on consoles after PC version is done so controller support is coming and I would expect soemtime in the first few updates because they know how improtant controllers are. The series is evolving to add more strategy, features and even the ship designs have been improved. The dev team said first update should be in 2 weeks, they already emergency patched a few bugs on first day. This is your chance to experience good and inclusive developers before Electronic Arts buys their studio, lays them all off and shuts down the studio."
76561197995827407,Recommended,419480,34694254,Posted: 2 September,all,Stuff0815,"TaH pagh taHbe'...With these words of klingon Shakespeare I try to describe my feelings about this game right now...Positive or negative review...I did decide to call it positive. First time I played it, I was unable to enjoy, because my PC was too weak for it. Now I have a new one, and must say, the graphics are really nice and it is fun to fly in space and enjoy simply the scenery.The game began positive. I enjoyed the story and it kept me playing more and more. Soon I expanded my territory and still all was fun.But now I simply keep it running in background to get more resources...I reached a point of non interesting grinding. Missions are simply the same. Nothing new to discover at the moment. Honestly... It is boring now... But I want see what ship I get for finishing the titan story. Can I crush the galaxy then? Or is it just another big ship?I think the X-games (not rebirth) are the better games if you want real space sim. More ships, better economy, just not as good graphic as this game.Starpoint Gemini Warlords made me wait for X4 now!The more I write the less I know if I really say ""buy it""... But I keep with my ""buy it"", because I spent many hours enjoing it, and hope I get again such moment..."
,Recommended,419480,34592836,Posted: 29 August,all,mmordac,"At core, this is a game about upgrading your ship, exploring a huge galaxy, trading, and blowing things up. If that's enough for you, you'll have a good time with SPGW. It looks good, the ships are cool, and the mechanics are solid, if on the repetitive side.There's some problems though. The campaign is pretty poorly done. The much-vaunted RTS element is... meh. You can create these huge fleets and send them into battle, but your AI ships die frustratingly easily, so it's never as satisfying or efficient as just doing the thing yourself. You can take over vast swaths of the galaxy over many hours to get resources, but one lucky boarding run on a carrier in a random mission will get you FAR more. I felt like these aspects were bolted on and dispensable.The difficulty curve is also a bit silly. Low-yield random missions and encounters will kill you with alarming regularity, up to the point where you have a Dreadnought and top-tier enhancements -- at which point you can solo a friggin planet with minimal issues. It tends to be frustrating until it's boring, with a preciously slim window in between the two.But again, that core gameplay is there, and it's pretty choice. So overall it has to be a thumbs up."
76561198042052246,Recommended,419480,22416727,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Fat Yoshi,"This game has fun combat, fun lore, just the game i've been looking for, its much improvement over starpoint gemini 2 and is beautiful.Gameplay 10/10.Being able to build stations 100/10.Dreadnoughts that wont stop 1000/10.Final verdict, Great story, gameplay, ship design, gunplay, and solar system."
,Recommended,419480,22417001,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Innykin,Love it so far. Tutorial is great. Game is very pretty. Controls feel good and aren't clunky. This is a game I could put alot of time into.  Waiting for more updates. Looks to be a promising game.
,Recommended,419480,33722853,Posted: 22 July,all,Lottas,"Fleet battle is Awesome! If the Devs introduce a battle formation system or sth like that the fun will be greatly added.(I know current weapon range and skill set make battle formation quite useless but since they can have the ""follow"" function work well this won't be a big problem, just imagine that Battleships line up and fire their lasers or railguns towards the same direction...)The main story line is little bit short and nearly half of the map has nothing to do with your campaign playthrough (maybe some trading things) , which is very different from SPG1 or SPG2.If you decide to put all the map under your control, then the real chanllenge has just started.Btw, the devs have promised discussing adding ""faction select"" and the coming Titans DLC is fantastic, you should not miss this great game!写给同胞：翻译质量确实不高，但是开发组已尽力在人手不够的情形下尽量快地满足大家的呼声，并且发出过专门的公告邀请大家一起帮忙反馈翻译问题，还是很有爱的，希望大家宽容及多多伸出援手～（地址见讨论组置顶）"
76561198006530899,Recommended,419480,34534329,Posted: 27 August,all,zyxwop,"Not what I expected at all.  To me a mix of Eliete Dangerious and Master of Orion / Stellaris.Very good game, and suprising addicting to see what you can do next.  I am really enjoying myself and would suggests this to anyone that enjoys a game of split of stratagy and first person.I also really enjoy the RPG part.  Overall a nice relaxing and challenging game to play with enough to do for any play style."
76561197972810576,Recommended,419480,22466584,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Ac!d,"So far its SPG2, they should have done RTS. Camera controls are ROUGH. Long road ahead, I like the idea. Too early to tell Thumbs up for innovative idea knowing these guys they'll give their best effort to execute as best they can. If I didn't have great respect and gratitude for game developers brave enough to make space games these days I may have reviewed differently. Good luck guys I believe in the idea polish, polish, polish and consider doing something different with the camera options."
,Recommended,419480,25364692,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,carlos_alex36,I have to say that for a pre-alpha game this is really good. Of course not everything is in the game but what the dev are really working and they do implement some of the feedback we gave them.Since X3:albion prelude this was the best space game out there imo.So much potential.A future must  buy :)
76561198027137228,Recommended,419480,34173715,Posted: 11 August,all,Bonedry,"I normally do not review games, but here goes.SPOILER ALERT!On the plus side, boarding ships and nuking planets are probably my favourite parts of the game. So either as a freelance captain or a pirate, you can have some real fun.On the down side, the mining and trading careers are still kinda weak. (I think you should have to fight off more pirates or have pay off local strong-arms for protection ""insurance"".)Overall, I would say this is one the better 4X games recently released.  I do recommend it."
76561198000655137,Recommended,419480,35048362,Posted: 18 September,all,.TGHS. Gabriel,"Brilliant game although I had my misgivings at first.  The progression is slow but not so slow that it feels like a grind, the missions add a lot of variability to the game in both Freeroam and Campaign modes.  I'd recommend the 'improved civilian fleets' mod from the workshop which makes the civilian fleet missions less frequent but more worthwhile instead of being a clickfest on the starmap and retains the game balance.Pros:Great tactical/strategic mix of gameplay.Replayability.Actions have consequences.Research (although limited) adds a cool depth.Cons:Price:  £30 more than I'd be happy with for a game like this but it came highly recommended so I took a gamble.Carriers don't really feel like carriers, more like escort carriers :(Not able to select a particular starting faction in freeroam.Not enough 'tiers' of ships:  Would have been better with more tiers to smooth progression.Small selection of weapon types and little to seperate them.All in all a great game and I've not run into a single bug/crash yet (tempting fate there haha) and I'm looking forward to DLCs that add more to this title in time."
76561198027954037,Recommended,419480,22418301,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Horizonist,"EARLY ACCESS: Several negative reviews have downvoted this game for lacking features and having bugs. As of writing this, the game has literally been in alpha for 3 days, and it is clearly stated both on the Store Page and forums that it is a work in progress, with a clear roadmap ahead.During EA, the game should be judged by its scope, its planned features, and how the devs are taking it forward to completion, not the fact that all missions are not implemented on day one. You can follow the overall plan and progress here:http://steamcommunity.com/app/419480/discussions/6/Needless to say, this is an EA review, and all the planned features of the game are not unlocked yet. I will update it as the game progresses.The Startpoint Gemini series puts the player in command of his/her very own capital ship, and lets them explore a vast, open universe full of possibilities. Warlords is the latest release, bringing a ton of new features and layers of complexity to the game. In particular, it introduces territory, ownable stations and planets, fleet management, and more. Here, you command an empire - not simply a ship.The game sports marked improvements in graphics. Not only does everything look better due to the updated Whale engine - it also for the first time SCALES perfectly. Remember how in Starpoint Gemini 2 all ships were pretty much the same size? No more of that. Now, a corvette is properly dwarfed by a battleship, as you would expect it to.The game also improved over the UI of the previous ones. In particular, combat and tracking is now much more fluent, and will make the game much more welcoming to newcomers.Then, there is empire management, bringing full 4X features to the SG universe. You can now conquer (and defend) territory, own planets, stations and installations, manage resource collection, fleet construction, research, and much more. All this while still letting you command any ship you want and join the fray. This feature is still heavily under development, and I will evaluate it more as it becomes available.Finally, one of the greatest strengths of this game is its developers. LGM are simply one of the most community-oriented teams around, and are constantly engaging with members on the forums, listening to feedback, and involving the community in the games development. They are known for taking community feedback seriously and implementing very much of it in their previous games, and this is certainly no exception. Don't expect an absent dev team when you buy this game - they are constantly around.All in all, this is not a game you want to miss. However, do not get it in EA just because of that - get it because your feedback actually MATTERS and will help make this the space game you always dreamt about playing.10/10 would tell my grandkids I had a planet named after me again."
76561198066275280,Recommended,419480,33661154,Posted: 19 July,all,Demonicon,"(this is my first ever review, so please bear with me if it's a bit clumsy)I played SPG2 before this, and love both games. If you're looking for a fun and (relatively) easy yet challenging Space sim with basebuilding and RTS aspects, SPG: Warlords is the game for you.Here's some of the, IMO, negatives first:It may take a while to get used to the control scheme of the SPG games, but it'll become second nature pretty quickly once you acually play the game (I've seen some people hating on this, dunno why though. Sure, it takes getting used to, but it's nowhere near as bad as they make it out to be)I do have a problem with the reward to difficulty ratio of some missions though... especially the combat oriented freelance missions.Assassination/search-and-destroy missions and station defense/destruction missions are almost comically easy for their reward payout (especially once you get frigate class and above for your player ship) even if you chose to not board and capture any enemy ships for additional money (frankly, you should board ships as often as you possibly can), while Destruction missions are absurdly difficult for their (comparative to their difficulty) pitiful payout of 3 Million on average. (some will say that you are supposed to board ships to increase that payout, but I say even then the reward is pitiful compared to the difficulty) btw, destruction missions are meant to be done with your fleet in tow, but even with a maxed out fleet of cruisers, carriers and dreadnoughts, my ships have never lasted longer than 20 seconds on these missions, while i have managed to hang on for about 2 min or so before dying... (maybe I am just doing something wrong, but i still feel these missions are way too difficult). Maybe the devs will change that in the future though...The rate at which you gain levels (and at which the game gets more difficult) seems quite skewed compared to the rate at which you earn credits (It was a breeze to get to the level where i could get dreadnoughts, but actually getting the money to buy and outfit one took forever)Some people have complained about the wonky flying of ships in your personal fleet, often times colliding with the player's ship, but since there is no collision damage in SPG:W, I consider this to be more of a mild nuisance than an actual problemOk, now to the positive parts:You can build/capture tons of resource gathering stations and a few other types of stations, as well as get upgrades for most of them, to scratch that basebuilding itchYou can build and command fleets (either personally by assigning them to your player ship, or by giving commands via the starchart) for that RTS feel (do make sure you are at least in the same sector though, since the auto-resolve of fleet battles seems to be stacked heavily against the player, dunno if that's a glitch or if I've just had bad RNG so far)you can board and pillage and/or capture ships to either sell, dismantle, research or commandeer them yourself (selling captured ships is also the best way to make lots of money, at least for now.)There are heaps of different trading goods with a nice range of prices depending on where you buy/sell them (the prices are static though, so no matter how many of item x you sell to station y, the stockpile and thus the price will always remain the same. Some like this, some dislike this, I guess it's up to personal preference)There is diplomacy in SPG:W, and in my opinion it's rather well implemented (destroying ships of faction A will improve relations with their enemy faction B while souring relations with their ally faction C) Also, you can't declare war, conquer a choic sector or region, and then immediately go back to peace. It will take quite a while and some work on your part before the AI will forgive you for what you did!You can unlock skill-reassignment and even the abilty to swap out skills for ones from different classes by competing in special arenas, and the skills do feel relevant (there are no ""useless"" skills, or at least the ones I've unlocked so far don't feel that way)...and that's all for my review so far.I may come back and edit this as I play more."
,Recommended,419480,22418967,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,POROROCA,"After a bit of a hiccup at the release (probably valve's fault, as they were changing the whole system today) with the redistributable libraries, a quickfix made the game start.Now, what you can expect right now, it's a rough around the edges conquest mode, with performance highs and lows depending on what zone you are in, with soon to be implemented fleet control, a lot of legacy weapons and stats from SPG2, but a completely new and super smooth flight system, 3d models, gameworld and UI.There's also the homebase HQ thing, which right now its about 50% developed.Don't get this right now if you expect smooth sailing with reduced features, because it isn't. Plenty of AI bugs, Placeholder texts, etc. Expected, but a warning."
76561198134751576,Recommended,419480,26008155,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,EXT,"Overall this game is worth the money. The Devs have a lot of work to do yet but are actively updating. With such a huge map there is plenty to do as an early access but it is in dire need of a campaign and currently lacks depth because of it.Pro’s-	Ship designs are some of the best I’ve seen in a while-	Large map many planets/substations to visit and/or conquer-	Trading system isn’t nerfed so much so you feel your coveted few daily hours of gameplay   are forced to do nothing but grind endlessly for a ship or weapon you want.-	Fleet creation and HQ upgrades give you additional support you’re willing to work for-	Other means are provided to aid in long distance travels, at a cost, but are available non the less to avoid sitting in front of your screen for hours traversing the galaxy.Con’s (more detailed with hopes of fixing, granted some of these issues may be present due to the lack of scheduled development)-	Ship customizations seem to change after saving, logging off, then back on and changing ships.-	Fleets need to be accessible for support on freelance missions-	Trading can gain you so much experience you will find yourself outgunned without any support even with a multi-million $ vessel with fantastic weapons-	Fighters need to be more effective to make carriers worth the money-	Some areas don’t have garrisons possibly on purpose but without an active diplomacy system or wiki it’s hard to tell-	Hailing some structures in hostile areas causes crashes-	No use for ore or gas at this time other than upgrading HQ-	Skill points invested in say trading, don’t actually change the prices of items as advertised. Other skill points do have effects. Hopefully an option will be present later to Re-Apply skill points to change the style of gameplay-	Power drops dramatically even after buying an extremely expensive dreadnought and equipping it with high end weapons systems. I don’t see how any ship could sustain ample attack without being quickly drained and forced to retreat.-	No campaign (yet)-	No diplomacy system (yet)-	Needs a cockpit view to add realismEven with all these cons I still played and play the game. I don’t want to discourage anyone from buying it. It’s in its early stages and has amazing potential. I can’t wait for more content to add character and bring life to this thing. I wanted so badly to get a big ship and make some people pay for flying within sensor range, which for the most part is true. However try a freelance mission at lvl 70 something and you’ll get your♥♥♥♥♥handed to you. Regardless Starpoint Gemini Warlords is fun, and worth the money on sale or not."
76561198032396835,Recommended,419480,32004966,Posted: 27 May,all,Aleric Frost,"This, is precisely what I've been waiting on in this series. It's different from the first couple games as you're not a single ship roaming the vast cosmos... but a fledgling faction liberating (or let's face it, pirating) your way across beautifully developed skyscapes. If there were any changes I would look for, they would be minor, like the inability to choose to take one of your garage ships and reutilize it as either parts for building or conscript in your Navy.The story is great, controls not overly difficult and keeps you borderline frustrated/excited between ""should I Expand, Research, or sit back and build my fleet?""I highly recommend the game."
76561198116681596,Recommended,419480,29995943,Posted: 17 February,all,DaveC9000,"This game is unique in that it's a sort of hybrid sim/strategy space game.  You build fleets and move them around a map to take territories, but you also have your own ship and you can get in on that fleet action yourself.  Send others to mine asteroids with the map strategy style or get in your ship and go mine them yourself (or both).  Not sure if your fleet will survive a battle?  Well get in your ship and go help them!  Not sure if you will survive the huge mistake you just made?  Well call your fleet in to help you!  This unique combination of guy-in-ship-blasting-stuff and guy-in-ivory-tower-telling-minions-what-to-do makes for some awesome gameplay.  The artists at LGM do a fantastic job of creating a solar system full of unique places that each have their own unique visual identity.  The guys at LGM do truly understand what Early Access is supposed to be and they work WITH the community and are constantly implementing changes suggested by us the players.  If you like space games with intense battles buy this game."
76561197983103623,Recommended,419480,31963265,Posted: 25 May,all,Club_Nephalem,"Continues to be the spiritual successor to Freelancer, only this time, with some 4x thrown in. If you enjoiy casual space sims and starship games, this one is for you."
76561198021463031,Recommended,419480,22417361,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,OuchThatHurt,"Ok i did the Early access for Starpoint Gemini 2 and this game is basically all the cool stuff that the community asked for that couldn't be in in SPG2 except on a much bigger scale.I can't wait to see how this game turns out as LGM have a great relationship with their community always listening to suggestions and ideas and they are very active on forums and to the point if they can't make something work they will tell you.Since they announced this game I've been waiting to get and so far it's been great ...Community reports a problem at launch 1 hour later Hot fix comes to fix it, that's how good these guys are and the game will only get better with more content and polish as it gets closer to being finished."
76561198139389844,Recommended,419480,22518246,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Gyroneo,"This game is so far so good. Prologue was intresting bit laggy but it could be my computer.However, It would be superb, if we could design our own character rather choosing the onces that is given. It doesn't have to be fancy or anything. Like have couple different options for the face, hairstyles, tattoos, eyes and scars for the face and the face only. We don't need the whole body. If this could happen, the game could effect the players in a deeper level.Thanks"
76561198034867742,Recommended,419480,24962435,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,saiga_2,"For a pre alpha, this is suprisingly good.  It's clear that a lot of features are not yet installed, there are some bugs that need to be squashed, but none of which so far are game breaking.  It's actually quite enjoyable in a repeatative way.Alot of people have compare this to x series, and while the graphics does remind me more of X2 than other X series, it isn't.  The combat is very different, maybe I am just a filthy casual, but most of the time I have to set up combat using auto attack and just spin the ship round and round to trying to dodge shots while positioning so auto gunners do their thing.  If the combat is more like the X series  I would have found space sim heaven..I think, LOL.  Regardless, I am taking this as it's infant form, and it is already quite fun  with the limited things to do and nerfed state(I took over sectors with a fleet of 9 ships, before I realized their defensive value is the equalivant of 1 basic ship(78), my 9  is over 900), but I can see or hope that they can easily increase these values to make things more of a challenge."
76561197989369156,Recommended,419480,32031080,Posted: 28 May,all,Aetherion,Loving this game so far. Its a great combination of freelancer with 4x strategy.
76561197968116408,Recommended,419480,32104741,Posted: 1 June,all,Fishook,"It follows Starpoint Gemini 2 and improves it. The controls and combat can take a while to get used to, but its a its a cracking space simulator which is different to other similar games. These sort of Indie titles which make the PC unique in what it does.Please support these developers."
,Recommended,419480,22452632,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Tiderian,"Runs fine:  Win 10, i7 5930, GTX980 ti.Core graphics are decent.  Needs work on some areas, lots of polishing suggested everywhere, and there might be some broken missions.  Warlords is 100% playable and so far I am enjoying it despite some areas still needing improvement.Since it's clearly still in early access I am rating a yes.  If this was a completed game then I would rate it a no.  Starpoint Gemini 2 is a great game, so I'm here for dev support.UPDATE:-The factions section is not available yet.  However friendly and foe ships are easy to detect.-Boarding and capturing ships is also not available at this time.  Cannot replenish troopers.-Finance section is not yet available.-There is no main story arc.  Just freelance missions at this time.-UI is not very pretty, very simple.  But it works fine.-Have not seen any mercs for hire, yet..+Most freelance missions and combat works. (Mostly trouble with ""deliveries"", not sure if it's me)+Mining works.  If your into that sort of thing.+Buying and trading goods does work.+Upgrades, equipment, and buying new ships all function normally.+Large ships available.+Large galactic map.+Missions are now listed and accepted at starbases.  (no details just type of mission and reward value)Missions appear more interesting.. On one mission I had to perform simple maintenance on an array, only to find an NPC doing my job when I got there.  The mission provided dialogue options from leave, shoot or share...UPDATE 2:The game has released it's first update and several improvements have been made.  My review is no longer 100% accurate.  Find out more here on the news feeds.http://steamcommunity.com/games/419480/announcements/detail/860561390145475164This is playable, and demonstrates many of the core functions from Starpoint Gemini 2 are here, only better.  I hope that helps, if your waiting for this game to mature, go play Starpoint Gemini 2."
,Recommended,419480,22420393,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Ducky848,"I'll give it a good review, it's not quite there though. So far it looks like a really good concept, and you can tell they have the skill to finish it off, which something most of these ""early access"" companies lack these days.The vision is solid, and the mechanics are there. Time for features and bugfixes guys. :)I'm focusing on the bad things, because as a fellow developer, I would rather know the bad than the good. So it can be fixed.I did encounter a glitch, went to a salvage mission and dropped fps to zero, was jumping camera around every 2 seconds.  Unplayable. But restarted and good to go.The combat can be improved. Enemy ships tend to come to a complete halt mid-fight, and only move to maintain shooting range. In addition encountered a glitch where they literally warped 500 [units of measurement] away. I went to full engine to chase them down, value was locked at 500. Could not reach them. So turned on sublight, and was able to reach them, and 3 more units popped in out of nowhere. Clones perhaps? Random unlucky-ness? Not sureShipyard is underwhelming, but options for the ship are fantastic. I think the dynamics could be expanded, especially for the enhancements. But overall, very satisfying.I would give this game a 7/10. it needs polishing, but for an early access, was well worth the price tag. Looking forward to it's becoming. Good luck Iceberg"
76561198097932072,Recommended,419480,27529614,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Canadian_Bakin,"so now that this game has progressed far enough to give a proper review i will say that this one rocks. an instant classic even with the missing peices has that old school ""freelancer"" feel without so many loadinng screens and much more intricate universe politics. and really its about damn time someone gave us something like that again.base building fleet management and sector conquering is just the beginning. and no being a simple fighter pilot the whole time is great because that gets so boorrrinng after a while....Anyway would buy full price anytime 9/10 and its not done yet. i look forward to what the modding community brings to the table for this one :D"
76561198059549489,Recommended,419480,34625140,Posted: 30 August,all,treviebell,"I came back and rewrote this review actually. At first I did not recommend it, I thought it was no good and I left a review stating that, but 2 developers had replied to my review within a matter of days directing me to the resources I needed, namely a community forum, and how to fix and odd bug, they were polite, linked me to the right resources and tried to show me what I was missing, so that was pretty cool, I will definitely continue playing."
,Recommended,419480,34799470,Posted: 7 September,all,Melganor,"Fun and simple X3 lite, UI menu navigation for simple information is anoying."
76561197968768348,Recommended,419480,31934566,Posted: 24 May,all,Renown,"Plenty of games out there in the Sci-fi realm today.You've got your Homeworld 2 Remastered and Sins of a Solar Empire - recently updated (for the RTS Scifi)You've got your Stellaris type 4x games, of which there are so many I can't even name.Then you've got your rare (these days) fighter simulators.Lastly, but not least, you've got your sim-oriented 4x style games along the lines of the X series. This is essentially the X series except it's not as hardcore (which in my opinion is a good thing) with much better management of your empire (those X games were for me, simply too many menus - though I understand the appeal).This is inbetween the sim-style campaign games (like Freespace) and the X series.(I've yet to get into the big fights, so will comment on those at a future point)"
76561198039663245,Recommended,419480,22418452,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,facciola007,"I loved the first two games, the features in this one make it so much more to what I want!  EA day 1 amazing!  Also a low price cant lose!"
76561198274734890,Recommended,419480,33804364,Posted: 26 July,all,ZEFFEZ,Really good game that has a campaign full of twists along with the ability to free roam and build yourself and your faction/fleets up.
,Recommended,419480,34111622,Posted: 8 August,all,Nightmare,"Really fun space game. It gets a bit laggy in bigger battles, but if you've ever wanted to capture a solar system at the helm of a ship and fight in awesome space battles then this game is definitely for you."
76561198136505485,Recommended,419480,22425178,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,IvanTheTerrrible,"Love it, just love it. Nice minimalistic UI in game, HQ upgrades looks cool, beautiful graphics and music, really immersive. For EA works pretty smooth. Can't wait to see how this game will evolve, some exciting times are infront of us. LGM did it again. Bravo!"
,Recommended,419480,32021064,Posted: 28 May,all,Dusty,Okay i'm having a hard time putting this game down.SEND HELP
76561198075253197,Recommended,419480,32006628,Posted: 27 May,all,Arieswar,"Ok Dont! DONT be scared because the controlls are wonky its worth the time to learn this game..Its the best space game ive played since freelancer, and thats no low score..10/10 i cant stop playing this game."
76561197971190761,Recommended,419480,34825994,Posted: 8 September,all,SoybeanArson,"Fantastic game! Battle is fun, comanding your ships and fleets is fun, everything looks great (planet docking is a big plus). Worth more than they are charging, get it."
,Recommended,419480,22421941,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,TheLostBoys,"It's a  no brainer. If you like the idea of an open world space trade and combat sim with RPG elements, that's the way to go.LGM did what Egosoft should have done: they listened to their player base.10/10 for the attitude. I would give them my money again."
76561198008591370,Recommended,419480,33169845,Posted: 2 July,all,crossgert,Excellent game - well worth the buy.Reminds of the old Privateer games.Buy ship - upgrade ship & weapons - sell ship & buy new one - upgrade ship & weapons.Should keep you entertained for hours and hours.
76561198002042029,Recommended,419480,33663079,Posted: 19 July,all,A-Train,Game Play +    For its strategic elements. Fighting is not a highlight of the gameGraphics ~       Not bad nor groundbreakingSound and Music +    Good soundtrack and sound. Would like to hear more tracksVoice -             Not good >.< sorry I fully support this game thoughDepth ~           This could be SO much more. Still very fun and my expectations are a bit unrealisticMy arbitrary Overall: +++ Fun its a combination of all of these elements. They are on to something and this isnt a bad start at all. Cant wait for more
,Recommended,419480,34874866,Posted: 10 September,all,Serptonius,Very nice space sandbox
76561198073132888,Recommended,419480,24184075,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Huyen,"The amount of free-play is stunning even in this stage of early acces. If you like siencefiction series like Startrek Online, then you will want to get this game as well. Free to do whatever you want to scrape the credits to buy that big♥♥♥♥♥spaceship you always wanted. What else do you need in space after all?Shooting down badguys for a bounty? Yes you can!Trading goods with other stations? Yes you can!Salvaging derelict vessels? Yes you can!Building your own HQ? Yes you can!10 / 10 rating if the developers keep this up during the regular updates!"
,Recommended,419480,22514175,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Andromeda,"Oh god yes. Even with the short Early Access Intro, It's so good.The Voice Acting is improving, the visuals are just beautiful! and the 4X Mechanics have a lot of potential.I really hope this lives up to all of the potential it has, refine the RPG and 4X mechanics and we could get a pretty solid game here.My main hope is that this really expands on what happened to Earth and the Brotherhood. As well as let us make our own weapons, similar to Secrets of Aethera letting us make a beam weapon and customise them. I'd like to see that expanded."
76561198042501471,Recommended,419480,26102558,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Wasden,"See this game is great, but it lacks in one very VERY important aspect. The Sound Track. The music sucks, the sound effects suck, it was a complete turn off for me. How can you enjoy flying though space with a crappy sound track, or get into a battle with lazers that sound like bee's.Dont get me wrong the game mechanices are great but its this sound problem that bothers me the worst, fix this and it will be a 10/10."
76561198006755646,Recommended,419480,22449459,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,T.D.O.,"initializing boot sequence . . . . .Load firmware ... V 0.501 ...alpha 501 found .....loading .....initializing core systems ........all systems booted ......ready for command captain .Capetian to Concordia , we have finished trail runs on all givencommands all systems seem operational at a limitedpower levelMinor problems detected in power core optimization as well as onother systems , combat systems operational , mining lasers working at full power .Side note to Concord , ship collided with asteroid and caused shift in asteroid field appearsship shield are able to push asteroids around , navigation officer reports asteroid we collided withwas send on collision coarse with friendly ship leading to explosions we have yet to retrievethere ship log to investigate .will proceed with testing until firmware has beencorrected , recommend careful use off current alpha firmware version .Capetian out .---------------------------------------------------------------------------50 hrs later and I am still having fun , do keep in mind the game is in early access and is a bit empty at present but still laods to to , the map is huge and the GFX are great , you can litraly bump asteriods around and into things , this is super fun .ships and stuff to blow up are great and the random spawns while traveling keeps you busy just be prepared to run if things get a bit scary .since I bought and started playing I kept a open mind as its a early access title still , though knowing the developers from a other game they made as well I was plesently surprised to find that they ahve kept to there roots off profiding a good title even for early access .being in early access does mean its still missing some core fun bits such as capturing ships for fast cash , though missions are plenty and easy to find seems they are randomly generated to provide you with something to do .also keep in mind with the LARGE map it takes some time to travel between places and regions though thats not really that bad considering space is filled with life and things to look at them asteriods never looked this good before .devnitly a title to keep a eye on , if you are scared of the early access thing then I say add it to your watch list and wait for it to pop out of early access , I on the other hand chould not resist .stuff I have done in my first 50 hrs- blow stuff up- mine some rocks- explore the large map- bumped a planet- other random stuffnext update at 100 hrs-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------100 hr updatewife rage + boss rage = hiding at friends place playing this game10/10 would become social outcast again"
76561198004766128,Recommended,419480,31989675,Posted: 26 May,all,Dr Cyanide,Enjoying the 4X mashup of a wonderful little gameWell done LGM this is gem of a game.
76561198010420860,Not Recommended,419480,32693235,Posted: 23 June,all,mrraybaker,"I may return to this one day, but for now one single word sums up my experiance with this gamemehTo elaborate...I was very excited about this, it looked ace and I was expecting to lose a good chunk of time into it. I love space, space games and all things spacy, and this looked absoloutly perfect.Sadly though it has far too many problems for me.First off the flight model is terrible! I really don't find flying the ship in a combat situation fun at all, it works when traveling around in FTL type travel, but for combat? Just Awful IMO, and that is just a constant drain on the fun factorThe main reason I bought this was for the story, which as at my current pace is ""ok"" but really nothing particularly special, whats really annoying though is some stuff is audio and other stuff is text, why not either fully voice the key players or just stick with text? I really wouldn't have cared which! The lines are somewhat plodding too though the overal story arc would be fun if it were delivered better and the gameplay were improved.A big issue with the story I have is you get a nice end to one mission you then get told to ""go here and we'll talk some more"" or somthing like that, you go there, and nothing happens! You faff around a bit then you realise...for some reason you need a bigger ship to continue! Now thats fine, progress is important, but having to stop the story and go do a few very generic fetch/deliver/kill missions that you must do one at a time (another real annoyance) is very annoying! Why not either cut off the last bit of dialog the seems to be giving you a mission if you don't have the right ship, or add some dialog in to tell you to get some! And for several of these missions it's not even clear WHY you need another ship! Heck one I had to go do these missions to buy another ship then the mission GAVE me a different ship to do it in! It's bonkers!Furthermore in conversations there have been what appeared to be some ""optional"" missions given (ie this person is here may be able to help) but if you don't have a pen and paper handy its not in objectives or on the map and who knows where it is!Yes the game looks nice, but honestly it just doesn't feel finished to me.Out of Ten I'd give it a 5, maybe a 5.5, sad to have to downrate it but I honestly wouldn't recommend the game"
76561198040439031,Not Recommended,419480,32038899,Posted: 29 May,all,San-Kyu,"The game has potential, to be sure, but there's nowhere near enough content and variety to ensure that the repetition doesn't devolve into tedium. Give this a half a year or two for content updates and tweaking before buying.The game that comes to mind when looking for a comparison is the classic Freelancer, just remove the transport lanes and borders between systems. Freelancer was a wonderful game because its was a focused 4x (ish) experience. Systems weren't too big (realistic space scaling would be horrible to play as a video game unless you have time-skipping ala X3:albion prelude and the X franchise in general).Starpoint Gemini Warlords in comparison is much much larger, and not to its benefit. A significant portion of the players time will be spent going to your destination, during which there is little to nothing for the player to do but to watch the skyboxes and space dust zoom by. LOD distance is disgustingly small, and pop ins are practically as bad as early-release No Man's Sky. Space is EMPTY, maybe this is for realism but for the purposes of a game it just means that the environment is entirely devoid of anything interesting to look at. For a game based on sci-fi and space this is a horrible thing, there's absolutely no magic with exploration.There is a quick-warp option but it requires giving up one of the limited (4) slots for other items, somewhat expensive, and the item system in general is cumbersome. A number of items are avaiable for the player that give temporary or situational bonuses: quick shield regen, hull repair, or high drops from specific resources, amongst others. You have to pause your gameplay just to switch out your item loadout, and if you care about optimal results from your endevours you'll need to do this alot - there is no option for loadout sets or to seamlessly switch them without having to pause the game and go through several menus and clicks.Story mode is bare-bonesy. Just a bunch of dialogue to justify having the player go on the rails around a predetermined universe. The game comes on its own much better in the other free modes where the universe actually evolves  without your input - a key factor for anything to feel alive.Graphics are nothing to write home about. You will be seeing just the universe skybox and your ship(or ships) zooming through it. LOD is so bad that honestly the game is worse if played in 4K. Massive structures and objects will appear out of nowhere as you get closer, apparently your ship suffers from near-sightedness.Ship-to-ship combat is nearly automated. Fighting manually is not recommended unless you are flying the lightest ship class. Your ships have firing angles due to static turrets placed around your ship depending on what model it is. Some ships have the turrets on the front limitng them to firing only forward. Others like Freighters or carriers would have them concentrated on the sides, giving them tremendous power when their targets are on their flanks but lighter, more maneuverable ships may be able to keep themselves on the blind spots which introduces a degree of tactics to the game. This completely falls apart during large-scale battles due to multiple overlapping ship's firing lines. There is no strategic or tactical command allowing for formations for the AI, so it devolves really to who has more numerous or powerful ships. Its epic the first few times but tiresome later.Non-combat you have mining, gas extraction, or trading to do. This really only entails buying something somewhere, shooting down asteroids somewhere, gathering gas somewhere, and selling all that somewhere else. You can find where certain items are sold for what value - its nowhere as complex as the X series. Its not to its benefit as well here either, this means the player really will just mostly going to places to sell things and thats really it.This isn't X but doesn't do anything to makethat a good thing. its simpler but it just ends up being tedious and lacking in variety. Give this a few months for the devs to make quality of life improvements and some badly needed graphical updates."
76561197993647451,Recommended,419480,22423319,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Stuka,"I am unable to write a detailed review as the Alpha early access has only just popped it's head out of the egg for a first glimpse of the world.  What I can say is that the small amount of time I have had with it has been positive and if the earlier titles are anything to go by then Warlords will be a fantastic game.I also want to say a little about LGM ( the developers ).  Game development is quite often a them and us experience for gamers, with the ones paving the way by buying the games feeling frustrated and ignored by those making the games.  The 'We know best what you want' attitude is often very evident, but not with LGM.  If there were ever a light in the darkness it is these guys.  They interact daily with the community, they listen to ideas and they implement those ideas if they are indeed decent and viable.  Warlords itself only exists because of all the ideas and requests put forward by the Starpoint Gemini 2 community and that speaks volumes.  Just head over to the Warlords or SPG 2 forums and you will find probably the best community around for any video game, and that is down to how the players and the devs interact with each other.  If you are on the fence about this game buy into the franchise if for nothing else but support for LGM, the industry needs more devs like this.  Meep ( If you don't know it is impossible to explain )"
76561198092972888,Recommended,419480,22459092,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,(AJSA) GreyKnight,"A very fun rpg that lets you command spaceships of many sizes on you take over of the Gemini star system. The controls aren't too crazy, so once you get use to it you'll be understand what to do in any and all situations. flying takes place of a 3D plane so you can make all sorts of maneuvers including the famous ""barrel roll"". Pretty much as far as controls go it's exaclty like Starpoint Gemini 2, along with many other game mechanics. ""So why don't I get Starpoint Gemini 2 in that case? Didn't you put like 200 hours into it?"" Yes, but this will be even better because in here you'll be able to own a space station from which you can build fleets and send them out to conquer the GALAXY!!! You can assign officers to lead fleets to victory as well as defend your own space station from your quite rude adversarys. You can research weapons and technology! Set up mining in sectors with dense astroid fields! Personally own about 10 ships of your choosing! Titans! Dreadnaughts! Carriers! Battleships! Cruisers! Destroyers! Frigates! Corvettes and Gunships! What's the catch!?!?! 6 to 12 months of waiting for development of this gem to finish..... (depression sets in)Patience/10 would wait for game development to finish again"
76561198000239792,Recommended,419480,34001492,Posted: 3 August,all,aidgremlin,Played a bunch during Early Early Access and it was extremly rough. Dunno how many times I died flying into Concordia station or a planet. felt let down after how good Starpoint Gemini 2 was. Came back to the game after full release and fell in love. Best way I can think to describe it is Skyrim in space. Your never without at least a dozen things to do. It flows great almost all the time. (note destruction missions can be WAY more difficult then they advertise). A few of the Faction missions can get broken if you don't do them early enough in the game. Over all its a thourghly enjoyable blend of ship combate and 4x strategy.
76561198295148267,Recommended,419480,28990486,Posted: 3 January,all,zofi1,"A very entertaining game. It resembles facets of my old favourite games such as Privateer. It is a follow on the Starpoint Gemini  2 game that I also enjoyed, with better graphics and a wide choice of different actions and results. My computer is under powered and aging, but with the graphic demands cut back, I have little trouble playing the game."
76561198016443146,Recommended,419480,22445014,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,AeRoTR,"So far it is a disappointment for me. Fps ranges from 20 to 60. Gfx are okay. Salvage mission, I got stuck. So far this one is ALPHA, not even beta.As it is EA, I give this game a positive grade. Taking account of starpoint gemini 2, I expect this game to be quite good. Do not buy for now, wait a bit more."
76561198020720029,Recommended,419480,22455369,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,The Rarest Temmie,"So far its promising. I love SPG2 and this is pretty much a better bigger SPG2 with good ideas from the community. Hopefully it will be moddable as much as SPG 2 was :3Crashes and Bugs discovered (its an alpha bois , meant as a bug report)- Steam Overlay crashes the game (100% of the time) so make sure to disable steam overlay to avoid it."
76561197985698983,Recommended,419480,22451743,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Tendeep,LGM always deliver.  I will update this post as the game becomes more complete.
76561198119092179,Recommended,419480,22440149,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,[AI] Islandparrott,"Only problems ive had are unkillable Saratoga battleships at concordia HQ who dont have any way of firing back at me, and the game often crashes. Along with that, there is no tutorial as of yet on how to play other than a single guide which is very helpful. Despite all this, I have, however, been enjoying myself and this gane has a lot of potential."
76561198049369341,Recommended,419480,22462508,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,mortonj02,Nice work keep it up! Missions are a bit buggy but great for Alpha.
,Recommended,419480,33808766,Posted: 26 July,all,Kaliah_,"I really like the whole ""zooming out"" so to speak. You start off with a tiny ship, and you move on to bigger ships slowly, while you also get other ships to follow you. Then you get to expand your empire and manage multiple fleets. I really like that!"
76561198048910194,Recommended,419480,32279715,Posted: 8 June,all,retrox,"Starpoint Gemini Warlords (SPGW) gracefully bridges the gap between the X series and more accessible spacefaring adventures like Freelancer and DarkStar One. While it may lack the maturity and beautiful complexity of X3/TC/AP, and although it occasionally struggles to emulate the personality and charm of Freelancer, the game more than makes up for its shortcomings with an engaging gameplay loop and tons of possibilities for the player to explore.If you've never played a SPG game before, you will almost certainly have some difficulty getting accustomed to the controls, especially in a firefight. You will be relegated to smaller spacecraft in the beginning, and although they're quick and agile, you will get beaten up a lot. Retreat is an option you should always keep on the table. Once you're at the helm of a capital ship with a solid fleet behind you, though, battles become a more tactical affair. You will be managing firing arcs, power allocation, and damage mitigation on your own ship, while commanding your forces to focus fire, engage, or retreat when a situation demands it. Once you ""get it"" the combat is extremely satisfying.Outside of combat, you will be tending to your fleets and various installations from the galaxy map, reinforcing and defending your territory, and sending civilian fleets on missions to (hopefully) obtain resources that are crucial to your expansion. Meanwhile, your science labs will be tasked with researching new technologies to improve your economy, military installations, and your own personal ship's components and weaponry. It's a very cool 4X mash-up that works surprisingly well, even if some of the elements aren't nearly as fleshed out as one might expect from a proper 4X game.On the plus side, much of the tedium of actually managing an empire in a 4X game is reduced or eliminated entirely in SPGW, leaving the player free to do whatever he wants whenever he feels like it without feeling like something's going to go horribly wrong back at home while he's out pew-pew'ing at pirates.The more I play this game, the more I want to play it. Even though the presentation can be a bit underwhelming and dry at times, it's got some mean hooks that keep me interested and engaged. As a fan of the genres it represents, I strongly recommend this game to like-minded gamers without any reservations."
,Recommended,419480,34051232,Posted: 5 August,all,Wookie Security,"Very fun game, i enjoy it alot! im a huge fan of space based games so this really scatches the itch i have for them."
,Recommended,419480,32397667,Posted: 13 June,all,vividnaz,This game truly is mount and blade in space
,Recommended,419480,22421813,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,log0n,"If you enjoyed Starpoint Gemini 2 then you don't need me to tell you why you should buy Starpoint Gemini Warlords.If you haven't played Starpoint Gemini 2 and enjoy games like Freelancer, X, & Darkstar One then why are you reading this insted of buying & playing Starpoint Gemini 2 right now it's basicly a loveletter to those games with mod support from a deadicated & talented group of develpers that listed to the comunity & put out a steady stream of updates not just fixing the few bugs but improving gameplay & content well after the games inital relase.So far Warlords semes to be buliding on, expanded & improving what was already a fantastic game & assuming is is being worked on with the same love and devotion I saw in SG2 then I have no doubt this will be another great game."
76561197995378915,Recommended,419480,31926752,Posted: 23 May,all,gelstonj,"Easy to learn, fun to play. I suck at typing reviews. Worth what I paid."
76561198035391503,Recommended,419480,32694829,Posted: 23 June,all,lagrie,"Starpoint Gemini WarlordsAs you can see i did not play a lot yet.But i will play so much more.This is Mount and Blade in space !!yes you read that correct M&B in space.I love it, The rpg+4x+Sandbox is just fantastic !The controls feel a bit weird at first but i got the hang of it now.And dangit, i can't get enough.One amazing space simulator combined with strategy and rpg elements.The game can somethimes drop in frames, but its never that bad that you can't enjoy the game.Great devs, i saw that they are verry active on the forums and actually listen to the players.Plus they have a great sense of humour. Kudos to the devs.An amazing game, with so much to do. (can't list them all).Enjoy the game ! and explore the vast space of gemini !(sorry for my english)"
,Recommended,419480,33866700,Posted: 28 July,all,Hank,"Take Mount & Blade, combine it with the X series and sprinkle in just a little bit of EVE and you've got Starpoint Gemini Warlords.It's a really cool take on the world of 4X games and if you have any love for games like Mount & Blade or the X series then you'll love this. The graphics are gorgeous with the star systems looking amazing. There's a bit of a learning curve when it comes to the controls, but it's well worth it to learn how to command your destructive battleship in the heat of a massive battle.You start off a with a single ship, build yourself up and eventually you'll own a station, then another, then more ships, and then before you know it you've got yourself a whole little fleet and you're combating other factions that you used to take missions from to earn a living.It's a blast; literally and figuratively. It's pretty ingenius and the developers did a great job making it a game you can easily sink lots of time in to. If I had more time and less other games to play I would have put a lot more time into this, and once I have more time I know I will be. It's well worth it.The only downside is the voice acting sounds like a couple friends got together, had a few drinks (a couple of them had a few too many) and recorded a couple of lines and went ""Yeah, alright, good enough"". But that's okay; you can't expect a game to be perfect."
76561198043972689,Recommended,419480,29913096,Posted: 13 February,all,trent_marine,"great series.  They tend to take a while to finish but at the same time are faster than other devs ive seen in E.A. Starpoint Gemini 2 was also E.A. and that one turned out great, so i see this going well."
76561197976525405,Recommended,419480,30671848,Posted: 22 March,all,ComGaunt,"I have played Starpoint Gemini 2 for quite a bit and always enjoyed the progression curve to the captain of a huge carrier or Titan.  One of my favorite strategies was capturing ships.  It took them a while, but now this feature is also available in Warlords and it is great, making the game much more enjoyable to me.  Capturing ships now takes more strategy but there are a lot of perks, enhancements and so forth that can be purchased to increase your chances.   Now with Warlords, your terrority also expands because you are basically a faction.  Surviving a very difficult battle was great gameplay in Starpoint Gemini 2, but now bigger things are at stake where you can end up controlling the Pirate territory and getting income from it.  Again, it took them a while but now Warlords is awesome to me. If I want to play for 15 minutes, I can accept a freelance mission and get it done. If I have more time, I can go out and conquer a piece of space of my own, always increasing my capital and getting better equipment or ships.  Wonderful space sim! :)Addendum:I have played another 20 or so hours and I have been enjoying it very much. I bought a battleship and invested heaviliy in research, perks and bonuses for my marines/soldiers.  Now I am able to capture a cruiser after the crew is fully rested.  You are able to add captured ships to your fleet and that has been very enjoyable, where I use the enemy's ships against them at a later time.  I thought I had reached the maximum equipment level but was pleasantly surprised after I took over an enemy base that there were other/better weapons out there. Now I am sporting beams and plasma weapons that cost 8 million credits, almost half of what my ship costed. I hope they maintain the progression model and that I will never hit the limit of ""maxing out"" on everything."
76561198050102036,Recommended,419480,32103393,Posted: 1 June,all,Shadow Edge,Good stuff. Very similar to SPG2 with a few new features. And some bugs which im sure will get ironed out.
,Recommended,419480,31599775,Posted: 7 May,all,Hagakure,Please describe what you like or disliked about this game....Now what do i like about this game..- I can pilot big ships- I can lead  fleets- I can invade other sectors and order other fleets- I can research new tech- I can research new tech to board other ships and capture them! ( yaar! )- I can develop my space station to be biggerTheres Sandbox and hopefully a story  on release ( right now just a sandbox )The graphics are pretty cool and its nice to attack a bigger ship and see how the scaling is well placed.This game combines Strat with fighting with a sort of Space RTS all in one and pretty well made. Like its predecessor Starpoint Gemini Warlords delivers a ton of fun.3 titles in a row has this software house brought out and 3 times they delivered. a big Thumbs UP and a thank you for the good games so far.
76561198036140268,Recommended,419480,26738623,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,JMWendigo,"So I know I'm late to the early access party, I just wanted to play the heck out of SPG2 first. So right off the bat let me just say so far things are looking amazing. Warlords brings back almost everything I loved about Starpoint2 and adds onto it by including what the community voiced about additions or fixes to the previous titles. Still in early access, I have to say it's still pretty polished here and there and and definitely playable for hours and hours of fun. But, I have not seen anyone mention the lack of artsy bloom of background space that made SPG2 so beautiful. Warlords is more ""realistic"" and stars in the backdrop look....well,like flat and empty space. Is this intended or something in the works to do later? Also, firing railguns from my praetorian are so tiny I can't even tell I'm firing at some angles. Making the tracers thicker will definitely be a welcome fix.In the meantime, pick it up on sale or full price. Play it. Love it. Because there are no other games like this series, so stop comparing it to what's out there."
,Recommended,419480,33721664,Posted: 22 July,all,Av8r Gamez,Great Game! Came over from SPG2 barely bought titans for spg2. I started with diffculty set to hard and found out its to easy for me. Now I'm restarting with dif set to extreme. Great job devs. Can't wait till Titans come out. Devs can you fix fleet bumping into each other thanks
76561198048729780,Recommended,419480,31606553,Posted: 7 May,all,Sundalo261,"Do you remember the legendary opera series,  Babylon 5? Well that's how I feel when I'm piloting capital ships, acting as a military governor on Concordia (my personal B5 station!) and having to fight insurmountable odds against the many factions you encounter in Gemini. I play as a pirate and there's no greater satisfaction than boarding and capturing ships, for money, resources, or backup! I love the hybrid aspect of Warlords and to me it's LGM's masterpiece. This is a single player's dream for a space game. If there was a Privateer 3 or Freelancer 2 this would be it for me. Must have for space combat/trading fans who loved Privateer, Freelancer, but also for those who dabbled in 4x without the huge learning curve."
76561198104394986,Recommended,419480,30314769,Posted: 4 March,all,Durnaviir,"SPG warlords is a fantastic game i have had many hours of enjoyment out of it, the combat for me had been the highlight of the game i played SPG 2 and played it for hours just trying to get used to the combat system but thanks to that i was able to get on SPG warlords and know the partly on what to do. the other fun thing about it is the fleet building your own fleets and sending them into combat has been the most exciting thing i have done in a space combat game. but it has a down side to it the conquest update that came out was a bit of a downer for me i started a war with another faction thinking that i should do ok considering i have a fleet that is 30k strong due to having 5 dreadnaughts with all of them MK2 and a heap of MK2 cruisers also having a battleship myself to add to the fire power of the fleet.  i went into a fleet battle and i was completely oblitorated my fleet was completely destroyed by the enemy fleet which was only 17k strong but other than that SPG warlords is a smooth game with a lot of great things going for it. And to end my rant i am going to say keep up the awesome work devs yes there are a few little downs here and there but keep doing what your doing and i beleive that SPG warlords will become on of the greatest space games created (in my opinion)"
,Recommended,419480,32401106,Posted: 13 June,all,Canoness Avlaen,"Fun game, very freelancer/x3 esque with a good bit of empire building and management tossed in"
76561198310317693,Recommended,419480,32069789,Posted: 30 May,all,jetsbattle,"This is the reason i play games!Gameplay is rewarding,you keep wanting to grind so you can get that next ship or add more to your space station...or expand your territory.Do yourself a favor and a buy it,it's a masterpiece!"
,Recommended,419480,32059770,Posted: 30 May,all,depresso,"Ok, so let me preface this with an admission: I bought SPG2... and just could not get into it. Something about the learning curve/mechanics which just didn't gel with me. So trust me when I say that I reluctantly purchased this game hoping for the best...And boy! Was I surprised!Whilst the gameplay changes may be hard to spot at first, this game is 100 x more enjoyable than the previous offerings. I'd even go far as to say that it is one of the most enjoyable experiences I've had for quite some time. The combat is solid, and challenging even on Normal Difficulties. The range of ships are diverse. The soundtrack is great.Then there is the new 'omg lets take over that because I NEED more gas' part of the game.There is something oh-so satisfying about rocking up in your Frigate, Destroyer, Cruiser... (thats where I am at right now) with a decent assortment of weapons and cruising on over the border to some enemy territory to say 'ello. Immediately ships (security forces) T-drive in and go about doing their job. Its a tense few minutes as I assess the fleet coming towards me (how many gunships? how many corvettes? oh crap is that a pair of cruisers as well? ffffffffffffff!!!Manage to survive by the skin of your teeth, attempt to fly home only to clip an asteroid/fly through a radiation belt and you die.10/10 would recommend!"
,Recommended,419480,30682989,Posted: 23 March,all,DarkMellie,"Now in full release, Starpoint Gemini Warlord is a joy of spacefaring booty and plunder. What was missing in beta was effectively the gameplay loop and as a result it all felt a little disconnected.Now, there's a clear path forward as you balance the semi-RPG elements, ensuring you grow your fleet, your administrative skills and your research, protecting your realm and expanding it in the same flight.Fleets are fantastic too, surrounding yourself with similar or even better AI ships than your own, taking over bases, ending fights, although control over their loadouts would be welcomed.The story is forgettable as its told via text which just doesn't grab me, but it also hasn't in any way dented my enthusiasm for the endlessly enjoyable gameplay loop.Highly recommend... to fans of the series this is a no brainer, it's absolutely LMG's finest work. For people new to the series who might have enjoyed Rebel Galaxy, just know that this is effectively the final word in this kind of space-adventure game.Right, excuse me, need to keep working towards my planet-cracker."
76561198038508673,Recommended,419480,33844214,Posted: 27 July,all,Tanner,"Pretty fun stand alone game, mods make it even more enjoyable. Fans of the previoius titles will feel right at home with the changes and improvements done to this one."
,Recommended,419480,31507561,Posted: 2 May,all,Yokfu,"Prime example of early access done right.Its great to see people with a passion for a genre develop something they love.Loved the first starpoint title this one is on steroids. If you like tweaking ships building bases and explore a big universe and conquer it get this title :)Gather, research, craft its all there!!"
76561197970693873,Recommended,419480,33990133,Posted: 3 August,all,Spongebob_sp,What a wonderful gaming experience.  Has the touch of older story based games with a captivating story line and a mix of tactical space combat with strategy based action.  My kind of mix.
76561197996265275,Recommended,419480,31994759,Posted: 27 May,all,Hardchunkz,"Game is very intresting and has good modding support, story is a solid 7/10 gameplay is a 8/10 with quick and heavy battles. RTS aspect suffers a bit but really you will most likely want to take part in any big battles yourself anyway which will help with the RTS control which is a bit lacking"
76561197999508131,Recommended,419480,32108079,Posted: 1 June,all,u571x15,No!!! But we are NOT the Imperials!!!!! Not Like That!!!! Give us a chance!!!!!24hrs later conquer the whole ♥♥♥♥ing map by blewing up every planetlronic AF
,Recommended,419480,34832750,Posted: 9 September,all,Kudach,"Fun fleet battles, great visuals, take over the galaxy"
,Not Recommended,419480,31421566,Posted: 28 April,all,Eldaas,"Updated following release.Cannot recommend this title yet, though I will return and update this in another year or so when I feel like the developers have had enough time to put out more updates. I wrote this review only a few short weeks before release, and judging by the changelogs not enough has changed to warrant me being interested in playing this again.The game suffers from an extreme lack of explanation and direction at this stage, and I'm not just talking about the lack of a campaign (which is perfectly acceptable for an EA title). You spend most of your time wondering what on earth is going on with random chain events and mechanics happening around you, and when events are over you've got no clue what just happened or what part you really played in it.A prime example of this is spending 20 minutes roaming around randomly following a ""pinging"" sound that pings faster when you get closer to an otherwise invisible beacon. The game doesn't do much to explain what you actually have to do though, so you're left to figure it out for yourself. I googled this confusing game mechanic and it turns out there are a crapload more confused players out there, with some developers completely oblivious to this mechanic and others going ""Perhaps we made this too confusing, but we don't really know what to do at this point."" (paraphrased, of course).Once you finally stumble upon the beacon (I feel like it was complete random coincidence I actually found it), it then doesn't tell you what you have to do with it. ""Okay,"" i said to myself. ""Why don't I try scanning it and using some salvagers. One of them is bound to do something."" I scanned it, it said I acquired some useful data. It brought up the game map and showed me a marker in quite literally the far opposite corner of the game map to where I currently was. To reach it I would have had to spend a great deal of time traipsing across the entire game map, through what I can only guess would be high level/end game (and certainly hostile) areas, to reach a ""Main Mission"" marker when I had absolutely no clue what on earth it was, whether I was supposed to go there now or later, whether there was a battle there or whether there was loot. Nothing. No help or assistance from the game. Just a little bit more attention to detail here and smoothing the seams would make for a playable experience, but it's seriously quite the opposite at the moment. It just feels like random crap happening on the screen that the player has little control over.Just when I decided to cut my losses and abandoned this last half an hour of effort, all of a sudden an anomaly forms on the spot. I spent a good 10 seconds going ""what on earth is going on"" before I even realised my ship was taking damage. I left the area of the anomaly and felt like I just wasted the last half an hour of my life to completely unexplained game mechanics that completely sapped the joy out of the experience of playing as the commander of a space vessel. It felt more like magic and wizards in space. I got nothing out of it, the mission marker had disappeared off the map, and I had no clue if I had just completed a mission, whether it was a part of a chain of missions, whether the thing bugged out or what I was supposed to do next. Absolutely zero direction and zero assistance from the game; just a random confluence of cause and effect that isn't explained in the slightest. This is the exact same type of issue I had with the game when I first bought and played it a year or so ago, when it was in even earlier early access. I understood at the time that it was an early access title and I just gave it another year to mature. I'm rather frustrated to see we're much closer to release and these kind of issues still exist.Another brief example is when I first needed to salvage a derelict object. It said I needed to mount the salvage drones but then didn't tell me where or how to activate them afterward. After a few confusing minutes of trying to figure it out I then went into the key mapping and found out it was the number 7 key on my keyboard. It would have been nice if the tutorial-of-sorts had taught me about that, or if the game at least had a stamp on the icon to say which button it related to on the keyboard.Speaking of the tutorial, the dialogue in its current state is incredibly cheesy, very poorly voice acted and literally reads as though a 13 year old wrote it as a Days of Our Lives fanfiction. Are these officers of a top grade military organisation or are these ADHD-ridden children bickering on a playground?The ships (or at least the gunships) don't handle like ships at all. There's no physics, the ship feels completely weightless. When you stop forward thrust the ship stops immediately as though it just hit a solid wall. The combat in this game is extremely boring as ships come right up and sit on your backside, going around and around. You never see them as you're whizzing the camera around to try and get them in your reticle. In the end you give up, turn off all thrust, turn on autoattack and just wait till the other ship finally explodes after a couple more minutes of buzzing around the back of your head. Where's the fun in that? The game just played itself because it became too much of a chore for the player.The controls are rather unintuitive. I frequently find myself getting confused between turret view and selection view, finding myself stuck in different combinations of either or both during battle or wondering why I'm not able to click on this object or perform this action.The UI also seems to be dangerously minimalistic. When you're piloting your ship you have no readouts, no information at all at your fingertips. You have no clue how fast your ship is going, there's no energy readouts, no modular damage. A pretty bare-bones experience as far as the ship piloting of it goes. The way the ""skills"" work is pretty much space wizardry and nothing tangible or solid. Despite LOD distance set to max, pop-in occurs at extremely close range. Most of the time you feel like you're flying around in an empty void.This game is beset by some rather large playability issues that I really don't think the developers are going to be able to overcome. It plays like a capital ship simulator with dogfighter controls, demonstrating a clear lack of direction on behalf of the developers. I so desperately want this to be ""the"" game for me because it has the perfect concept, but in its current state (and if it's released in any similar kind of state) then it'll be just another early access title for the fail pile."
,Recommended,419480,22449669,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,razgon,"Can't play the game yet, due to bug, but it still manages to be fun! Impressive!"
76561198149423919,Recommended,419480,32832612,Posted: 26 June,all,CamelMufasa,"Great game.  Really easy to get into, my biggest problem is the camera angles.  Its never really explained how to get the camera how you would like it and I find sometimes that the camera can be going all over the place during combat.All in all still a great game. Keeo up the good work guys."
76561198038867171,Recommended,419480,24331721,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Captian Malcolm,prices seem to be a little high youhave to play a lot of hours to get anything good for your ship and good luck ever getting a cap ship to fly there way to much but most of the game plays well on my system on medium graphics it is very good looking game i have played a good amount of hours so far countinue to keep playing it hope the update fixes the cash flow problems i have done almost nothing but missioning some mission are glitched and stuuf cant take more than one misssion at atime game has much promise and looks good so far
76561198154853589,Recommended,419480,30315386,Posted: 4 March,all,Lost Reaper,great game love the stile you made it in but i would love to be able to walk around the ships im in or some of them so it feals more like im in control of a ship and not an AI being told what to do or if not the ships try the HQ like in mass effect or somthing like it all in all still a great game and that is saying a lot sence my laptop is crap and wont let me play half the games i have and if it works on this thing yall did a good job making it that way and for all the moders out there if you make any for this game pleas make a mod for unlimted creds.
76561198023282217,Recommended,419480,33175848,Posted: 3 July,all,DarkRevenant,"Awesome 4x space rpg, takes some getting used to initially but lots of fun"
,Recommended,419480,32860302,Posted: 27 June,all,cHaOZ_ZoNE,"Overal enjoyable but neither the management nor the combat aspects manage to convice. Management isnt complex or deep enough to compete with the X series yet rewarding enough to not just feel like a chore. The combat feels like someone tried to force fusion Freelancer, EVE and Rebel Galaxy into one tragic car wreck of a arcade game. If the management didnt feel like a chore, the combat does.Can recommend if on sale but otherwise get like Void Destroyer II or one of the games I named above instead."
,Recommended,419480,35497036,Posted: 5 October,all,Olivier d'Athos,"A fanastic game overall. With space combat taking a center role, there's plenty else to do. Trading, developing armadas, taking territory and making friends or allies. The base building and territory management is deep but entirely possible to ignore outside of story mode. All of it feels tight and keeps pulling me back in."
,Not Recommended,419480,32225490,Posted: 6 June,all,Crisscross,"The game is pretty much a mindless grind without any interesting gameplay to speak of. At my point in the story (which was ok up till now) the game expects me to spent gigantic amounts of ressources, to build a ""death star"". As you gain them over time, it would take hours of waiting until enough had trickled in and there is not enough gameplay to fill another 10 minutes. Right now all i can do is conquering space stations. These differ only in regard to their visuals. The battle plays completely the same. I don't know how often I played this same battle now, but I am fed up with it.What kept me playing to this point was getting the next best ship and a larger fleet. But now I have it and there is nothing interesting to do with it ...I really can't understand the other reviews. The game feels pretty mediocre right from the start.E.g.: You can't even see the stats and loadouts of the ships you build for your fleet."
76561198373679856,Recommended,419480,33976666,Posted: 2 August,all,man357176,good game
,Recommended,419480,33554171,Posted: 15 July,all,Ser Medieval,"Was thoroughly surprised at how enjoyable this game was. Did not expect some of the things that I came across (including a companion system). The combat is fantastic although it can be a little difficult to manuver at times. Optimization is great, storyline is actually pretty amusing. This one's got my vote!"
76561198102780380,Recommended,419480,33980413,Posted: 2 August,all,ACK,When i was told that this game was basically mount and blade in space i got excited but as usaual i thought i was gonna be disapointed but I was plesantly surpised. A couple of star wars mods later and i can't stop playing it.Four and a half star destroyer's out of five.
,Recommended,419480,31226525,Posted: 18 April,all,Rachira,"Extremely active and dedicated developers who are making a truly great experience for us gamers.I've been following all of the updates for this title and have been dropping in and out of the game, excited to see what it becomes and I can assure you, you will not be disappointed by this title.If you're on the fence about buying it, it's cheap enough to try and there's always the refund option should you need it (inside 2 hours of gameplay).You won't regret giving this game a chance."
76561198241515448,Recommended,419480,32016656,Posted: 28 May,all,macmanos2002,"That's a nice one.More of the same Starpoint Gemini experience but with tons more content, things to do, better sound , graphics.The conquest is a very nice feature, and i can't wait to explore the game more, and i know i will dig into it, and its freelancing universe.Of course mods will be appreciated from talented modders.Be informed:When i launched the game , the fps were VERY bad, like a slideshow.I was ready for a refund......But, i settled down, i pick up my thoughts, downloaded the latest graphics drivers (GeForce 860M on laptop),toned down the graphics options (someday i will try to raise them to see their breaking point), and now the game runs smoothly with great visuals even on low.Bugs will propably pop up from time to time, but i hope the developing team will keep their promise to deliver us again and again a freelancing space game."
76561198007234281,Recommended,419480,35159693,Posted: 23 September,all,Traion,"Mount and Blade in space, with all the features I wanted from Mount and Blade"
76561198067322131,Recommended,419480,31925781,Posted: 23 May,all,Capt. Jack,Ive been trough the beginning and saw the many improvements that were made. Some good ideas of users came to life and that was also a awesome thing to see .Great Work guys!!
76561198338249526,Recommended,419480,34068724,Posted: 6 August,all,okjoe4,if u liked the others your gonna love this one
76561198056722608,Recommended,419480,28849327,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Aseron,"Loving the game so far... little dry without the story, but the SG franchise has a good reputation for those so I am willing to wait for release.Tons of potential: with combat taking the best parts of Star Trek Online and X3:AP, good graphics, and the availability of mods even in this incomplete stage of development paint a promising picture.Keep up the good work!"
,Recommended,419480,22448709,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Join my group,"For an early access game, LGM have a very almost beta ready product here.  There are some here who will buy EA and then do a negative review, at this point they have no idea at all can can be ignored, LGM have consistantly delivered a good product, starport gemini 1 and 2 and the dlc are something ive played the hours and hours out of.If u dont understand early access it means lots of updates, lots of bugs, lots of fixes, but it allows u to get in on the ground level, help the devs out and generaly get involved at a floor level.  And unlike solo dev projects this team is well funded, active 25 members + and a history of actually delivering quite a few titles already and a very highly playable product and they listen to their fanbase, so this is one of the early access success stories and one well worth putting the funds into if u accept the early access program and ideals that go with it."
76561197970967930,Not Recommended,419480,33170542,Posted: 2 July,all,A Pimpfo named Info,"I have a hard time with this game since the you basically play it like an MMO. Point, click and watch things happen - It strikes me as a super simplistic interface which I hope at least gives some players satisfaction.The game in general did not seem very complex - Larger numbers and ramping up costs means things are better. Amass more and win. I'm after something a bit more complex."
76561198043469907,Recommended,419480,32836183,Posted: 26 June,all,Mars Exulte,"Well, after a lengthy period where I couldn't get the game started, followed by some miscellaneous technical issues once I could... They eventually patched out all my problems and I have since settled in for several all day marathon sessions :) It's a lot of fun, and I've sank quite a bit of time into it already, and expect I'll sink a lot more! Go ahead and get it, you won't regret it!I've really enjoyed it... best way to describe it, if you're a fan of these sort of things, is gameplay reminiscient of Freelancer on steroids combined with Mount and Blade Warband's first person ""army/fleet"" combat. It has a lot of the best characteristics of both, and admittedly a few of the worse characteristics.Bear in mind that I have played modded since the first flight, to fix things I expected to annoy me, or that I would want altered early on anyway (I had a pretty good idea how this was going to go, and I judged correctly as it turns out)Good points:#1 Lovely graphics, pleasant music, good art style#2 Good level of depth, without getting unnecessarily complex (read : the X series and their menus in menus in menus)#3 Flexibility in how you play, again similar to M&B. You can technically go solo, but you'll want to avoid most hostiles who naturally will tend to gang together.#4 Beautiful and enjoyable battles ranging from small skirmishes to 100+ ships... or more.#5 RPG-lite. It's there, it shapes odds and ends of things, but isn't really a major hassle or requires a lot of micromanagement. Most ""abilities"" or skills are directly related either to ship performance or empire management.#6 Excellent feel of being in charge of an empire. Remember all those roaming freighters, military patrols, etc, in Freelancer and the X series? Well... They're still there... only now you're the emperor :) Touring your own military or mining facilities is pointless, but amusing. As Borat would say, you sit in the largest chair, wave your hands and shout ""Go do this! Go do that! Ladadadadada King of the Castle!""Bad Points#1 AI. Individual battle AI is not terribly bad as far as individual performance goes... But there is no tactical thought, most especially on a larger level. Frequent scenarios include 95% of my fleet gang♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥a few freighters that happen to be present, despite me ""marking"" an enemy capital ship as primary, who is in turn slaughtering the one or two of my guys stupid enough to actually follow orders under those conditions. I have found this is partially relieved by splitting up into multiple smaller groups approaching from different directions so it's not possible for everybody to get distracted by the same low hanging fruit.#2 Fleet control. While you can set some limited canned formations prior to battle, these don't really seem to matter much. The difference between my boys in the default mosh pit stance, and ""claw formation"" are mostly aesthetic and only last the first ten to fifteen seconds. You can't assign ships to groups or assign even vague commands beyond ""marking"" a target, which itself doesn't really seem to interest anyone besides your own gunners (sometimes, when they feel like humoring you). Your only options once battle is joined are ""stick it out and hope for the best"" and ""run for the hills""#3 Descriptions. Of any kind, on any subject... virtually useless. Encyclopedia of ships you've encountered? A few paragraphs of flavor text, no pictures, no stats or anything else you might actually want to see. Technology to research? I hope you like witty descriptions from Kerbal Space Program, because ""makes you guns more boomier with better dakka"" is the only thing they're going to tell you. I guess... not virtually useless. Actually useless.Things I'd like to see:#1 A ""commander AI"", at least in rudimentary form, especially when a warmaster is present. I'd love to see an enemy fleet rally around their commander and launch a fresh attack. It doesn't have to be much, just anything would do if it helped assert a little order. Things getting a bit chaotic as the fleets merge is one thing. Everybody getting strung all to hell and back and not even thinking to regroup is another altogether. Even better is if there were a few rudimentary ""personalities"" that were assigned to various warmasters. Maybe some are more aggressive and mosh pitty, some hold tight formations, some split their groups up or prioritise different types of ships, etc.#2 Some basic, barebones fleet management. Look at Homeworld for some references. It doesn't have to be that involved, or being able to direct the formations to specific waypoints, but you need SOME way to control these guys, or at least a ""return to formation"" command.Despite the lengthy description, I think really highly of the game. Thus me taking the time to write probably my lengthiest review of all time. I know these ""simple"" requests amount to hundreds of man hours of redesign and coding, but these two things, fleet AI and fleet control, are really at the heart of the gameplay. Any improvement possible in these two areas will yield a massive benefit in quality of gameplay.Anyway, I'll sign off now. Thanks for a great game! Never played the SG series before, but I'm glad I found it now :D"
,Recommended,419480,32621165,Posted: 21 June,all,Reimerhausen,"Most addicting single player game I have played in a LONG time!! 9/10I've always been super careful about what space games I buy because I have never found one I've really enjoyed, until now! *Disclaimer* I'm no expert on space games and honestly I haven't played a ton of them. That being said, I want to make it clear that this review is not a bash on any other space genre game (except for maybe one and that one is obvious...), they are just not my cup of tea.My experience with space games so far...Takes too much time to enjoy/felt like I was at work (EVE Online)Complete and utter let down (No Man's Sky)Very complicated/too much to learn (Endless Space)(Sins of a Solar Empire)Learning to fly a space ship in a video game shouldn't be harder than learning to drive stick IRL (Elite Dangerous)The point of giving you the examples of the other space games I've played is to let you know what this game is not.The things I love about this game so far are...Graphics are up to par!The architecture of ships and stations are amazing.It's both a space sim and RTS, but you can choose to make it more of one or the other depending on your play style.It's complex but not too overwhelming to learn.Massive fleet battles in space!!!(Need I say more?)Solid UIPlenty of customization. Upgrade your ship with more powerful weapons, systems and then paint it pink or any color for that matter!So much freedom! Do the story line if you want, or don't. Make allies if you want, become a space pirate, or do both! So many possibilities!Very involved Dev Team. Which means the game will continue to grow with the community shaping it.Some cons about the game...Voice acting is pretty awful (apparently this is the norm for SG games).Player portraits don't match the rest of the game (More effort could have been put into these).Lots of controls to learn. (this may not be a con depending on your game preferences)Fleet AI could be better or at least we (the player) should be given more options to control them.This game is well worth the full price tag, so if it goes on sale that would be a steal! I've already put 40 hours into the game and I don't think I've even had it for an entire week. Finally a fun, simple & complex space game that I can sit down and enjoy playing. It's even very relaxing (unless you are playing on extreme difficulty, then you aren't relaxing you are surviving). Freakin awesome game!! You should most certainly play it if you enjoy any of the things I mentioned above."
76561198044061128,Recommended,419480,33404654,Posted: 9 July,all,Larimuto,"Long story short : Will i buy the game  now wen i have it finished  knowing all  that i know  now>At full price : NO (exoect if you like to support the studio then go for it)At 75%: Probably:if you  like Close to Freelancer exp or  you  simply wanna kills some spaceships   with your  chain roket;Datt 50 : Absolutley there are  space ships that has to be destroyed  private ! :DSo now wen im a warlord  my toughts :What the game delivered is a   not so very good story and  havely repetative gameplay ,easy to get the hang of it , some good looking ships and alot of frustration along the way with  world feeling not alive and  generic.What i would have made the game better  in my eyes: Better use of the reputation system , abit flesh on the world connections ( factions/quests/random events) . more interesting  Persk and Skills . Use of the Carrier  class ships and them being able to be filled with ships from your garage ( small class ships)  instead of the generic  stuff it have and in  addition this  way we have some sens of  risk  for your ships. Bigger  Capital and Supercapital ships , steamrolling everying in couple of shots at the end  of the game , Some aliens  or wierd  looking sience  wepons /shields/enchants. And better rpg like style of equiping stuff  ( diablo baldurs gate and so on)  in general  way better userfirendly interfacePro:*Blow stuff up*Drive capital (sort of)  ships into battle*Simple to comprehand and get used to*Freelancer vibeCons:*Weak interface across the board for every game menu wich leads to the following stuff fall flat:Ships:-Trys to be space shooter and  RTS   and fails ( no fleet  status screen [numbers/shields/hull/agro] also you can not give specific comands to single ships , or the fleet  expect focus fire .^focus fire is not reliable , ships will ignore it or  not move  to position to execute it.-A.I of the ships is lacking  ,they are  coliding with the player   constantly  ( bug around spining in big circles ) droping of FTL to  start a combat then teleporting  on the map few times to catch up with you draggin additional enemys with them  if you are to attack a stationary target.Player:-skill interface  - Need more flesh and to not  be capped at certain point ( X ) .-perks  - Some of the perks have no practical use or atleast i havent found one  ( Nebula dmg reduce.miner ,salvager and so on and fotht )  , there need to be more deverse    perk tree  ( probably some experimental wepon unlocks and things like that) .-Reputation: I havent seen any use of it at the moment other than  simply  keep some of the enemy on the map neutral or friendly . Reputation needs be reworked into   something that has impact in the world like (  connected factions , help wen attacked , ability to call in help from other factions )  or simply remove the  reputation at all and  go with At War and Not in War option.-Ship interface  menu : needs 3d model of the ship or  atleast clear indicatior of were exactly ont he ship itself the wepons are  ( considering you need angle to  shoot proper) so people can  choose ships that they liek to drive.Quests: To much clicking on the dialog boxes , there are some weak Voice acting , just go with that  it cant go worse if you   have Voice acting  for the entire  game interactions. ( or simply go the robotic generic voce for everyone  and use the subtext that  eveyone speaks different language and the ship is translating in real time)*World in general:Story:-Story line/ quests : Really weak  quest chain  (19 quests) predictable  plot  .Drops you off into free to play world on like 10% of the map conqured.Zones: To much  of the same time , same ships , same stations setups , same defence   for evey zone-Guardpost and stations cant  stop an attack   , player has to interveen in like 99% of the time.  It needs more  upgrades  or the ability to add ships to certain spots that wont cost command points.- Command points : To little of them ,  what warlord m i with  10 drednoughts and 5 carriers , wen the  1 planet 1 zone  faction i left   as last has    almost the same as me   to trow at me while defending the planet.-Planets:  Weak♥♥♥♥♥exectuion  , you go clear space , wap in the weapon and clear  the space again  and again untill it charges and then  you shoot. Needs divercity  (  it adds up to the fleep interface thing , fleed needs to be able to be  positioned in the real world )  and its way way too lenghty    after the first planet i was already boared.  Theres diplomacy and  hackin perks ,you can use them  for  different outcomes   ( once the  wepon is at 40% the enemy surrender or while  chargin Hack the  planet defence grid and  turn it  against it and so on ).-Sattelite in zones: Thats the biggest ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t in this game ,its aboslutley infinitley annoying to  go around  activating  them  then go back around and attack the  same zones over and over ). You can addcomplexity tot he  reputaton by addin Reveal the known map/faction   options for max rep with a given faction.-upgrades on buildings; They defenetly need some better user friendly interface   ( looking for a building  or someting it sells ,locations) and  how much and were you can upgrade  buildings.- Interaction: mining,scaning,exploaring  - i did no see a  point in that  , even if i did it yellds  way to littel rewards. you can  add complexity by adding   some specific  lazers  to  a transport/cargo ship and thus making you fleet protect you while you mine  2-4-5k  of some resourse and traveling somwere to sell it.Traveling: T-drive charges . i understand that  you want some base of realisum but comon ,At some point i was so frustrated witht his thing that i simplu spend 40 min goin back and forth  2stations buy  the drives so i wont in feauture .its get old really fast . We need better interface  (By all you have X items from there )  or  we simply need  a perc of reserch that gives us the  experimental drive that does not need charges.  It is a Singleplayer game and its repetative as hell  it dosent need   more grindy things added up to it .Interaction witht he world: theres Non , expect one quest with some  doctors trying  to bring forth something from another dimension i havent  seen any other interactions . ( expect the mystery singla quests wich are 3 types  and ive stoped doing them really early) We need more quest diversityQuest as general topic : THe story mod drops to early , the story is weak anyway so why simply not make it  as a quest chain to Conquer  the entire map and afther that  drops you in freeplay . I dont expect game of thrones qulity of story but  50 shades of grery is ok  ( weak♥♥♥♥♥plot with  hint of violence ).*Game:-controlls : really bad  controls , epeshaly  combined with the clicking for the  boarind process._boarding should not require  clickin adn thus forcing you to constantly swotch camera modes  ( it can simply be made to have profiles ( go for the shiled/weap[ons  go for cargo and so on. that players can setup) ."
76561197988445850,Recommended,419480,32453189,Posted: 15 June,all,Akulio,"So much better than SPG 2 i can hardly describe it. Management of yuor own station, fleets and installations in the entire sector adds a tonn of depth to the game."
76561197969459767,Recommended,419480,32221238,Posted: 6 June,all,Nighthaunter,"Expands on where SPG2 left off, mostly. Has some room to grow but very promising. The developers are very responsive to input and I look forward to seeing what they bring next."
76561197993238959,Recommended,419480,33408596,Posted: 9 July,all,renzward,A refreshing mix of Freelancer type adventure and galactic conquest.
76561197965401732,Recommended,419480,32050968,Posted: 29 May,all,JCD,"It's ""ok"" I guess. It's certainly not Freelancer as some have stated. Freelancer had easy and intuitive ship controls, this does not, Freelancer had unique major and minor factions that I actively wanted to learn about and join/fight against, this does not, Freelancer had a superbly voice acted and awesome main plot, this does not.What it does have is the ability to pilot capital ships, build a mega fleet and obliterate other mega fleets to take over territory. Unfortunately to buld said mega fleet requires you partake in a mega grind for resources. Personally I find the game quite addictive but I think people who aren't massively interested in the space thing might get bored quickly.The game feels like a blend of Freelancer with the arcade controls and graphical style but with elements of X3 with its fleet and station management. Unlike X3 however it has a user interface that doesn't defy logic nor make you want to hang yourself - suffice to say it's actually functional.Graphical style is definitely similar to Freelancer with the scaled down planets and ships, which I find disapointing compared to the X3 games, where planets could be incredibly large making you feel very small, which was awesome.Travelling the galaxy can either be done using ""sub-light"" engines (3x faster than usual I think), jump gates or warp drives; the latter two allowing instantaneous travel. In the early game there were times where I could be spending upwards of 5 minutes travelling around but now I have decent credit flow I can just spam warp drives after coming out a jump gate.I don't really feel the desire to expore in this game unlike both Freelancer or X3. In Freelancer the game world had the illusion of feeling alive with all the chatter between NPCs while this game world kinda feels dead. Sure there's NPCs flying around but they're all military and they don't say anything. Also Freelancer had the 4 major factions (Americans, Brits, Germans and Japanese) that all had their own unique cultures, corporations and criminal factions. Each planet you landed on felt like it belonged to that faction and I wanted to find out everything about them. This game just doesn't grab me, sure some of the places you visit look kinda cool but it's not the same.So yeah, it's an OK game if you like the genre but nothing ground breaking. Nothing is really exeptional about it which is probably its biggest detriment."
76561197974199259,Recommended,419480,33420740,Posted: 9 July,all,Sethanas,"Overall - 8/10This game scratched a particular itch for me.  I wanted to fly capital ships.  Some of the other titles in the genre like Elite Dangerous are pretty and fun but you never fly stuff much bigger than a fighter or a frigate.  I wanted a dreadnought.  And I got what I wanted.  There are some minor issues with the controls and UI, but they don't detract from the experience.  There's low-level 4X elements which I enjoyed and thoroughly took advantage of, but if you're looking for heavy interplanetary resource management, diplomacy, culture wars, etc, this is NOT the game for you.  Ship design is pretty cool, each manufacturer has a distinct look and feel across their entire line.  Everything meshes well into a fun overall romp around the galaxy.Level progression is pretty well paced, though some might feel it's too fast.  There's a bit of a disconnect when you get into larger ships as smaller ships become utterly pointless fodder.  The costs of research, upgrades, ship and base construction become astronomically high late in the game, to the point that doing the farming yourself, even through lucrative freelance missions, becomes largely pointless.  You eventually just run the missions to farm credits while you let your mining facilities, junk collectors and gas collectors pour the resources in every few minutes, which does makes total sense when you're controlling an interplanetary faction in a galactic conflict.  But when you use those credits and resources to fund your massively upgraded dreadnought, your warmasters' ships, and the four or five other capital ships in your fleet rolling into battle and utterly decimating rival sectors, all the little nitpicks fall away to a devastating chorus of railgun fire and ships breaking apart.Interactive devs, a decent modding community, and a fairly robust set of tools that continues to be expanded mean players should have fun with this for a good while to come.  Easily worth the price.Campaign *nonspecific spoilers*You begin as a gunship pilot (one of three player 'classes' that grant abilities) and progress from there to frigate, destroyer, cruiser, battleship, and finally dreadnoughts and carriers.  The story stays pretty close to home and centers around your faction and a rival rogue faction despite the dozens of other occupied worlds and sectors in the galaxy.  It stays pretty tame until mid-late game when your faction ups the ante by beginning construction of a superweapon.  The final few missions are hectic, stressful, and challenging.  All told it took me about 30 hours to play through the campaign, upgrade and research nearly every part of my headquarters and take over every hostile sector on my side of the map.  I'm sure some players could do it much faster.Campaign missions are commonly gated behind something, such as moving up to the next class of ship or getting a fleet power score of a certain amount.  They're never more than a few freelance missions away, except for the final few missions that require an immense amount of resources to be collected.  Those do necessarily take quite a bit of time and by that point my infrastructure was robust enough to support it.Besides the campaign missions (which I believe there are 19), dock at any spaceport or planet in the galaxy and there is a Jobs Board for freelance missions, covering things as tame as mining/repair/scanning missions or as dangerous as devastating a rival faction's forward base, or gathering up a fleet and taking down a 'Warmaster.'  These are NPCs that have the same/similar abilities as you, the same items to use, and routinely have a fleet of their own.  Never try to take these guys solo.ControlsThere's a definite learning curve.  Much of the controls in space are via a context menu depending on what you have selected, and that menu is accessed via the mouse wheel click.  You need both left and right mouse buttons in the default scheme, though.  It takes some getting used to but becomes second nature after a few missions.  Capturing vessels while in combat is unwieldy but worthwhile.  Troops board a rival vessel and your radar is replaced with a progress UI of sorts.  You click a button to pull your troops out, pillage in the area of the ship they're in, or keep pushing to the command center.  This is fine by itself, but doing it while also fighting multiple dreadnoughts is problematic, particularly because this interface blocks your ability to modify your energy output between engines, shields, and weapons for the duration of the boarding.  But capturing ships is immensely lucrative, and I found myself dumping tons of resources and perks into elements that boost my capture chances.Most of the menus when docked at a station or planet are straight forward, and they have instructions for specific functions on the galaxy map.  Repairing your ship and restocking your heavy weapon ammo is a one button click similar to a 'repair all' button in any MMO.Effects/SoundThey get the job done.  Weapons sound appropriate.  The music is nice ambient stuff that feels right in the environment. My one nitpick is you better get used to the 'incoming missile' warning alarm.  It will basically play nonstop in combat.  Every combat.  There's a mod that changes the sound if needed, though I managed to tune it out.ShipsShip design is varied and pretty cool.  Each manufacturer has a distinct look and feel, and each ship class is significantly larger in size than before.  Each ship has different weapon placements, different strengths and weaknesses.  Firing arcs are something to consider, but there's no element to show them when purchasing a new ship.  I found myself gravitating towards ships with more turret placements or larger arcs rather than looks, but you can learn to optimally position yourself for any ship to capitalize on your weaponry.  Bigger/More is always better.  Exception:  Dreadnoughts at the time of this writing are significantly stronger than Carriers.4X ""lite""There's only four main resources to deal with - Credits, Ore, Gas, and ""Materials.""  You need all of them in abundance, but I found myself lacking ore for most of the game.  Trade deals with rival factions are one-shot deals.  I found myself not even bothering to talk to ambassadors, I didn't bother with peace treaties.  Reputation with other factions was peaking and tanking as I blew up ships in the campaign.  Most resource gathering in late game is single clicking on 'construct' at specific sites on the map that generate resources over time.  Mining Facilities, gas harvesters, etc.  These can eventually be upgraded to produce more.  Your base can be upgraded, some upgrades required for the campaign.Fleet management is point and click.  You only control your ship.  Ships in your personal fleet are AI controlled, though if you go Sub-Light or TDrive (Hyperspace jump) out, they'll follow.  Outside of your own private fleet you can build and assemble other fleets to patrol and defend your sectors.  Enemy fleets will try to attack your outposts, and any ships in place will fight along with the defenses of the specific outpost/station.  When this happens, a HUD element informs you there is an attack, and a timer and a battle progress indicator will show the relative strengths of each force.  You can choose to let the AI fight it out, or you can do your best to get there in time to save the day.  Expect there to be some back and forth on sector control.I liked the light 4x elements.  Just enough there to break up the combat, and just enough there for me to worry about without getting overwhelming or time-consuming."
76561197971870726,Recommended,419480,22416738,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Loki Incarnate(formally android),"So far, so good!"
76561198009197589,Recommended,419480,22520494,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Torbes3186,"Recommended only if you're interested in the journey as well as the destination, otherwise wait a bit."
76561198135014419,Recommended,419480,22717068,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,iWarmonger,"To start, I would like to say that I love the StarPoint Gemini Series and the ideas presented for this game are very promising. I understand it is in very early access so the issues I post are only for improvements to the developers.1. Convoy escort missions are a great way to earn credits, but I have run into issues where one of the convoys are hit and they stop their boosters while the other two continue. I can choose to stay and protect this convoy but if the other two get too far ahead then I lose the mission. Or I can stay with the two in the front and risk losing the 3rd ship.. which would make me lose the mission. It is a catch 22 and it can be difficult to deal with.2. On Starpoint Gemini 2, You could travel around and gather a few different missions before you returned to a space station. On Starpoint Warlords, you need to return to a space station or planet each time you complete a mission and you can only have 1 mission running - From my experience - This makes missions very, very time consuming. Especially with the massive distance traveled. I spend my time watching Netflix while I travel.3. Capturing Garrisons has been the most infuriating task I have tried to accomplish. So far I have gotten the Nova Frigate but I cannot take another Garrison. I have read people talk about how they accomplished it with just the Gunship and I have had to return to a previous save 5 times because I kept failing the mission.- The ships are very hard to destroy, especially when they have a carrier, and our carrier barely participates in the fight.- The enemy ships slowly move away from the Garrison and if you go too far you lose the fight. This is the worst because I cannot even kill them before they escape and I don't even touch the garrison until I try to kill all ships4. Grappling and boarding ships has been one of the best ways to earn credits from Starpoint Gemini 2. I'm not sure if I just dont know how to board ships yet, or If the process hasn't even been put in place. But I cannot board ships in this one - yet -. I really enjoyed boarding ships and adding them to the garage. And, in future updates I would love to see the addition to the fleet.That is all I can come up with now. I really like this game and cannot wait for it to be improved. I love the potential and Im glad to have assisted in the early access. I will post more issues if I find any.Keep up the good work LGM!"
76561198013021260,Recommended,419480,30676120,Posted: 22 March,all,Reverend Stan Mandleberry,"I don't really want to reference the X series as there are noted differences, but since I was a fan I can't help but appreciate the same alacrity return with SPG warlords. I also am not a fan of the EA model of business, but I'm glad I made an exception for the exception."
76561198005475526,Recommended,419480,31935435,Posted: 24 May,all,Herculesmrb,"Will provide a full extensive review later, but I have been keeping an eye on this game for the past year and the final release build presents as an excellent product.I am enjoying the great balance of ship control, combat, RPG, and empire building elements that this game offers.For those who are looking for a fun and well built space sim universe, I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,419480,33655069,Posted: 19 July,all,Phlons,"takes a while to get started, but once you do, its like playing Mount and Blade in space."
76561198029162868,Recommended,419480,32593674,Posted: 20 June,all,Ridds,I play SLOW and got 80 hours out of a single game on normal diff.  I would think regular players would finish around 30-40 hours.  Man i got my money's worth and a lot more.
76561198289277107,Recommended,419480,34162000,Posted: 10 August,all,The Engineer,"In 2013 I wrote a series of forum posts on the SPG2 forums detailing exactly what I wanted to see in a single player space RPG/sim game. The result of this development team's incredible attentiveness to the community and years of development is SPG Warlords, and I feel that this game is such a winner because of how closely they have matched their community's expectations.I can't thank LGM enough for going the extra mile to satisfy so many community requests and make this such a fun, diverse and interesting game -- they even continue to exceed my expectations with more interesting content in the DLCs that I wasn't expecting to see.This is an extremely talented developer releasing a great game with complex, stable and balanced gameplay systems. This is literally what the open source VegaStrike community had envisioned for years, but it seems LGM threw this together in a couple of years of focused development -- the results are beautiful, awe-inspiring, and addictive."
76561197963071350,Recommended,419480,31941529,Posted: 24 May,all,[Oms!]Divine*,"Better than SPG2 in every single way... If you enjoyed SPG2 for what it was, this is simply that, and improved upon in every way... With even more potential. This seems like the game that's definitely got the potential to be greatly expanded upon in the future."
76561198034291320,Recommended,419480,34388593,Posted: 20 August,all,kai_falanx,"Wanna rule the Galaxy as a Warlord? Yes u can!!Wanna freelancer all the way ? Yes u can!!Wanna troll and humiliate ur Enemies?  Yes u can!! ^ ^But how?"" Boarding their Ship with ur Troopers! Start Pillage and loot every part of the Ship!By destroying  their Shield, Engine, and Weapons Power !!And leave 'em Dead in the Water!! lolWanna Blow up a Planet? Hell Yeah! u can too!!!Just started playing it..and i've ignored all the triple A games! (And i played lots of games!)But now, all my free time goes into this game! lolIf this game ever port to console like Rebel Galaxy! I would Buy it again! ^ ^Hidden Gem of 4X game of 2017!! Try it!  like it?  BUY it!  XD"
76561198036401573,Recommended,419480,31982440,Posted: 26 May,all,Yojimbo,"awesome game, time consuming game but awesome game"
76561198205386297,Recommended,419480,32201032,Posted: 5 June,all,bradbowen15,"I purchased this game early, played for a couple hours and decided to wait until the full release.  I will say I'm very impressed with the product.  It's an empire building game with a focus on space combat.  There are a couple minor bugs that I've noticed, but nothing that makes the game unplayable.  I would give this game a 8/10 with room for improvements as the Developer continues to release updates.  This is the first game of the series that I have played and I'm now considering going back and playing some of the others."
,Recommended,419480,22489039,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,☢MeatRoll☢,Not much in story yet but the mechanics are sound this game is definitly worth the cash  and time ..... i just have to learn to be patient i just want MORE!
,Recommended,419480,22487736,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Silencer,"Really improving on SPG2 Formula, keep up the good work devs !"
76561198051454676,Recommended,419480,31972653,Posted: 26 May,all,Mordin Ashe,"If you like Starpoint Gemini concept you will definitely enjoy Warlords. There are space sims that you play and forget and than there is this. Many ships, solid story and chance to conquer the universe in a great conquest mode. This game is easily 8/10 material right now and will be even better after DLCs and mods kick in. Yes, SPG games are one of the few where you are really looking forward to DLC releases!Also the community is great, including the devs."
76561198042736284,Recommended,419480,33750850,Posted: 23 July,all,Medevac,This game is greate totally worth the buy!Lots of fun for a single player game.
76561197975307155,Recommended,419480,35399884,Posted: 1 October,all,Masterbagger,It's ok. Ship controls are awkward at first.
76561197995903051,Recommended,419480,32117109,Posted: 1 June,all,Mincem3at,"First review I have written. The controls are a bit ho-hum, overwise a top game that is eatting all my time. 9.5/10"
76561198120448701,Recommended,419480,29346753,Posted: 18 January,all,phabio t host,Now that the game has released in full. It is even better. More polished though still pulls a ton of resources. I love the Titan DLC and with Mod support any issue I have can be handled. I love it. 10/10
,Recommended,419480,33357471,Posted: 7 July,all,The Welshman,Great Game really enjoying so far
,Recommended,419480,32806477,Posted: 26 June,all,Outlaw,"After seeing the trailers for this game I thought that it looked fantastic and all I can say is that its even better than I expected. At first its a bit confusing with everthing you can do, but it doesnt take too long to get your head around it. One of the things i found annoying was flying and shooting targets at same time, untill I found out the guns can be stuck on auto which is such a blessing.The game can be challenging and slightly grindy but still overall very fun. One thing that I find slightly annoying is how easily certain ships you can build for your fleet die in combat. At the moment I have found that Cruisers and higher survive combat quite well, but everything below them can be killed easily in battle.I am still finding out things in this game which will most likely help how I play it, but so far I will say that this is a fantastic game with a not too difficult learning curve. Just make sure you keep an eye on a clock when playing this, otherwise hours will disappear very quickly!!"
76561198021146392,Recommended,419480,32810372,Posted: 26 June,all,screenshuyin,"Starpoint Gemini Warlords is the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ offspring of freelancer and the X series. If you played and liked thooses two games, you should dive into this head first."
76561197963003952,Recommended,419480,32467335,Posted: 16 June,all,Necron Canaris,"Great game, been looking for something more hands on than the regular 4X games. Someone told me it was like Mount & Blade in space with plenty of the 4X game elements, a very good summation.There's also some fantastic easy to install mods available that spice up and/or compliment the game play.Well worth a buy."
76561197960686272,Recommended,419480,33386182,Posted: 8 July,all,Duh,"The game is interesting, great soundtrack, combat is a bit hectic if you try to dogfight ( could just be me mind you ).I like it, it's similar enough to the previous titles, yet fresh enough to keep me interestd."
76561197975701385,Recommended,419480,32224443,Posted: 6 June,all,Roomylobster,"Great combination of RTS, RPG and space sim."
,Recommended,419480,27274636,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Magmaggeddon,"Not there yet, but already good and has tons of promise... especially if SPG2 was anything to go off. No regrets buying this in early access."
76561198050681109,Recommended,419480,32193687,Posted: 5 June,all,TwerkBot,"This game is a fun mix of 4x and space-sim lite. The are varied ships, different weapons classes, and unlockable research that you can use to customize your ships. The 4x element is well done, if a bit repetitive. Buy this game if you're a fan of space combat with fleets and 4x elements.The biggest con in my eyes is trade; it is not worth your time past buying a freighter in the early game to trade between Phaenaros and Confodia."
,Recommended,419480,33044819,Posted: 30 June,all,viper1232568,"In terms of gameplay this really does have the feel of Mount and Blade. That said the combat is obviously much more different. Explosions are nice and robust overall, and the weapons and equipment availbale make for some nice variety. Positioning still matters, and making sure that you have the right ships for the job is key. However I found in my time that you often could not rely on the AI to do its tasks with any measure of intelligence. You CAN send out fleets to take over bases and fleets, but SHOULD you? No, not really. I have sent out fleets that vastly outweigh those of the enemy only to have them ravaged. This wouldn't be as much of an issue, but resouces and ship build times can slow the game down, especially in the beginning.Graphically the game looks great. Beams fly, explosions bloom, and a variety of space anomolies litter the area. It's not the most gorgeous space game i have ever seen, but it is very pretty.Overall it is a fun experience, but I still find myself frustrated by the AI's lack of intelligence"
,Recommended,419480,33050932,Posted: 30 June,all,avathus,"A Steam Sale surprise for me; got so obsessed with this game I forgot about the others I had bought.It's a sand-box, conquest Freelancer-type game (space shoot'em-up?). Has a campaign too, but I haven't even touched it (yet).Pros:-Addictive gameplay (pirating ships has never been so much fun before)-Great controls... once learned (there are great video tutorials in-game)-A bit of strategy thrown in-Great soundtrack-Easy to play for a few minutes and pause to go do something else... or play for hours and lose track of timeCons:-Minor gripes with the UI-Feeling unproductive after wasting a weekend playing-Some repetitionWould recommend to anyone who dearly misses Freelancer and need your space-shooter fix."
,Recommended,419480,32051304,Posted: 29 May,all,OriginalBars,"Great game!Its an RPG, RTS and action game in one.At first i wasn't sure about this game, until i got to build and manage my own fleets and territory, really enjoying this."
76561198006561843,Recommended,419480,32067290,Posted: 30 May,all,Darkside99x,"Starpoint Gemini 2 was the first game I installed when I finally saved enough to get a new PC worth owning, I spent many hours playing it and didnt think much could have been done to improve on it. I was wrong.Warlords is everything 2 had with full empire managment on top, build ships, conquer territiory, research new tech and diplomacy.As others have said its not a million miles away from Mount and Blade in space which is a pretty good thing to be compared to.Highly recommend.Also get the Rebel galaxy soundtrack mod, as awesome as that game was it was too short.  This compares nicely."
76561198077953967,Recommended,419480,33542537,Posted: 14 July,all,Jurke,"Gotta say boyz, well played with this game, even tho it might be rough on some edges, its ok!!! Im glad i payed 31.99 for this, and i hope u guys at least get some beers for it! Peace!"
76561197986814997,Recommended,419480,34166820,Posted: 11 August,all,Nachtwulf,"Arguably one of the best space sims out today. Starpoint Gemini Warlords is a space sim that combines RPG elements, base building, and RTS for conquering other regions. If you are fan of any of these elements, consider Starpoint Gemini Warlords."
76561198006737683,Recommended,419480,34162009,Posted: 10 August,all,mifoon,There is quite a learning curve but once conquered this is an excwptionally fun and challenging game.
76561198040351889,Recommended,419480,33459737,Posted: 11 July,all,gunslinger6792,The game takes a little while to get going and can be rather slow at first but it picks up and becomes a lot of fun. There's a lot of freedom to be had in the game and your choices do feel like they have an impact. If you're into space combat and base building I'd recomend giving this game a chance.
76561198006899138,Recommended,419480,32053277,Posted: 29 May,all,"Decimus1932%!.<,))","This is a very enjoyable space strategy game. I love researching and building ships most of all. Then the space combat is similar to the first Starpoint Gemeni which i like as well.Lack of resources for enormous demand for ship production, research, and construction is kinda aggrivating though. Small bugs and glitches here and there but overall this is a gem of a game."
76561198052706095,Recommended,419480,32191217,Posted: 4 June,all,voxx1d,Super Duper Pooper Scooper FUN !Still early in but worth it.Played both games before and this one looks to be even more expansive.Good to know the Devs are approachable and listening to the community.FUN FOR ALL !!!!!
76561197995289414,Recommended,419480,32101430,Posted: 31 May,all,Vytae~[Ikk],"While lacking in a bit of polish, its a fantastic game and one of the few to really improve greatly through Early Access. Think of it as a more arcade like X/Eve. But you can actually hop on and feel like you have accomplished something. Plus the RTS aspect allows you to get some real map painting going, who dosent love conquering everything in your colour?The Devs do excellent outreach and have a fun product that hasnt plenty of room for further content. As further updates become available this game will become a long term time sink."
76561198038487437,Recommended,419480,33458507,Posted: 11 July,all,B4ndoGor4,"I really like the idea here and certain things like fleet management, contruction and research are all done well. My only complaint is the amount of grinding required to progress through the story.The devs seem active and there are regular patches so thumbs up!"
76561197970940291,Recommended,419480,30653262,Posted: 21 March,all,O�tho,I absolutely love this game... You have to get by the first tutorial missions then the game opens up and comes to life.
,Recommended,419480,22540928,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,[3305]  Longscope,"Video Review and First Impressions of Early Accesshttps://youtu.be/jhRS71WTOF4(will be updated as development continues)After picking up Starpoint Gemini 2 on a whim one day, I've quickly become a fan of the series.The latest entry is WARLORDS (currently Early Access). It's not a first person flight game, like Star Citizen, Wing Commander, or Elite. It's a more tactical 1st/3rd person combat game.It's a little bit like Privateer feel... and it's got a similar control system to the excellent Rebel Galaxy, but on a full 3d plane instead of just 2d.It seems to pick up shortly after 2 left off, but since we only have the barest of introductions to the story, and no campaign yet, it's hard to tell.The voice over work has improved GREATLY over 2, but it's still the weakest part of an otherwise great series.ControlsThe controls seem largely unchanged from SpG2, which is a good thing.It allows you enough control to do what you want, when you want to, but it's not so complex to require a 75 page manual and a doctoral degree in astrophysics.HudThe Heads Up Display has improved quite a bit, with more information readily available with minimal effort. It's cleaned up and minimalized to a much greater degree than 2 was, and there's no longer a permanent dashboard at the bottom of the screen. A win for aesthetic pleasantness.One gripe about the Targeting Reticle however. It's HUGE, Granted, there's a ton of information on it, but some of that info could be presented in a better way. I don’t need 46 giant green bars to tell me how much health a ship has, just the green arc from the last game was plenty. It's also busy/active. There's a lot of doodads present on the targeting reticle, that while looking like IronMan's in-helmet view, is cool looking... it mostly just distracts from the information presented.If the Reticle is cleaned up a bit, it'd be a huge improvement.One thing I would add, a ""view"" notification somewhere on the hud, like SpG2, that says if I'm in ""normal"" view or ""turret"" view. When using the mouse, you can inadvertently veer off of your destination if you click left while in ""normal"" view.This has been added in patch 0.504. (not saying it was ""ME"" that is responsible, but it totally was me)GameplayJust like the last one, the controls are clean, logical, and responsive. The quick menu (middle mouse) has just about everything you'd need to access, and it's fast and convenient.StoryWhat we've seen so far is interesting, if only a preview.A new model battleship, a conspiracy to destroy it, and seemingly, some kind of coverup. I'm anxious to see the rest as the Early Access gets closer to finished.VisualsBeautiful. The space textures are vastly improved over the aging SpG2 engine. It's absolutely GORGEOUS to look at. It's not Star Citizen level of detail on the ships or anything, but it still great looking. Screenshots do not do it justice.SoundSound effects are good. Nothing too annoying, nothing out of place.Voice over work has never been a strong point in the series. SpG2 was downright laughable. It was like a B-movie, so terrible it's good again.It has improved (so far) in Warlords, and some of the more germane conversations have skipped the VO work entirely and gone text. A lot of your responses and interrogations are this way. I'm perfectly okay with that.Final ThoughtsIf the game continues to improve on the trajectory that it's currently on, this will be a SOLID game.It is Early Access though, and that it is not yet feature-complete, might put some people off. LGM (Little Green Men) however has a great rep for continued development and listening to their customers.I wouldabsolutelyrecommend this game to anyone a fan of the spacetrading/spacecombat genre.If anyone is interested, I stream this semi-regularly on twitchhttp://www.twitch.tv/longscope_"
,Recommended,419480,22654391,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,mynibbasandKFC,"A very interesting title among the growing amount of games that are in the 4x, space exploration action games.Although it is early access, the developers continue to push out fixes and updates while listening to the concerns of the community. The only issue currently that takes my number one spot is the inability to have teleport/warp jump. The map is VERY VERY big, and getting from one side to another can be...quite....long. Enough that i usually watch youtube videos until i get there, and pray to Holy Mary I don't get shot down by an enemy patrol fleet.However, great scenery of the universe. Lots of ships and guns (plus countless more incoming from future updates). Extensive armament and upgrade system. EASY TO LEARN and quickly get into the game (no need for using every damn key on your keyboard). No microtransactions. I f-ing love it. So far 10/10.EDIT: A quick reminder, just like what the developers said, currently the story arc stops after the tutorial, and leaves off with side quests like salvage missions and assassination contracts (go kill this scumbag). Once the product nears finalization,the story will pick up and be complete. I'm very curious to see how the story continues."
76561198060967705,Recommended,419480,22521422,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Global Pandemic,"This is my first EA game, so I'm expecting the occasional frame drop and other similar performance issues to be apart of the baggage that comes with that.The game has beyond crazy potential, and from what I hear the devs are more than able to deliver the full product.  I'm hyped to see what they have in store."
76561198055532498,Recommended,419480,24508087,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Jarick,"I would absolutely recommend this game. Even though, at the moment, its an alpha, its still a ton of fun. It took everything I loved about SPG2 and made it more indepth, and interesting. The combat can get absolutely crazy in this game. I've ended up in battles with 20 other ships at a time, and it is glooorious! I can't say much about the campaign since the only part there is the prologue, but it caught my attention and interest. So if you can afford it, again, I would recommend it."
,Recommended,419480,32201051,Posted: 5 June,all,Manta de Ahsoka,"Now that the game is released, i can happily say that this is a game worth buying.Build a Fleet, and Actually lead it into battle. Conquor the galexy in a basic 4x where you fly your own ship."
76561198032391962,Recommended,419480,34329508,Posted: 18 August,all,fejspell,My first space sim and definitly having fun with it. I would recommend it for other newbies to this genre.
,Recommended,419480,32085163,Posted: 31 May,all,Suru,Grindy gameSpace conquestGood game
76561198118323803,Recommended,419480,32963557,Posted: 28 June,all,Grand Admiral Thrawn,Mount And Blade In Space
76561198157002888,Recommended,419480,30647659,Posted: 21 March,all,gq,"I just conldn't help myself and bought it, even though it runs on my old laptop frame by frame."
,Recommended,419480,31931773,Posted: 24 May,all,Crum,I have many things I would love to type about this game but at present I am to busy enjoying it. Perhaps at some later time I will decide to do some thorough analysis but I will say one thing for certain. For the price be it before or after the release is well worth it. You'll get far more hours if this game is your cup of tea than most games on the market I've found today.Fantastic job on the game although I've enjoyed all the Starpoint games thus far and have very few complaints.I don't simply recommend I say BUY THE DAMN THING. Starve before you go without playing this golden crucible of joy.
76561198210242761,Recommended,419480,24507467,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Avalanche Spirit,"This game may run like a rock on my computer, mainly due to my computer's lack of ram, but the time put into the graphics makes up for it as it is awesome to look at and play. It also helps to not try and run this game at the ultra setting instead of the low setting. The difference in just the different settings helps me from not able to play it to being able to enjoy it, though at a lowered fps. If you have not played this game I personally recommend to play it even though it is a early game.It is just like my personal view of a movie, if you go in with no expectations then coming out you will have had a generally better time compared to if you had high expectations and come out displeased with the movie.(Update) I got a much better computer and I can now play this game like it was meant to be played and I'm still liking it."
,Recommended,419480,32208155,Posted: 5 June,all,Micknator,Great sandbox game!
,Recommended,419480,33649247,Posted: 19 July,all,Maryph|,Meep B) !
76561197967084908,Recommended,419480,31389173,Posted: 27 April,all,garcx,"I have been playing SPGW for the past few weeks and have enjoyed it immensely.  The game is still in the early access/beta stage and this review reflects the current state of the game as I experienced it.  I’m sure it will greatly improve over the coming months just as SGP2 did at early access.  I’m looking forward to the final product and hours more of playing.I’ve separated my review in to several areas that the game is billeted as:Space SIM: 5/10The game is beautifully done both visually and audibly.  Nebulas, planets, and ships are highly detailed and visually stunning.  The updated sounds are great and completely immerse me into a futuristic space environment.My largest problem with the space simulation is the combat system.  I discuss the imbalance between the player abilities and equipment below, but I find overall space combat in this game frustrating.  It took me awhile to master the controls which are semi-intuitive, but the camera is difficult to maintain on target unless you ‘lock on’ to them.  When you do this, it causes you to lose the overall strategic view of the battle when the camera is stuck on the ‘target’.  I wish I could pan out more or have a battle overview screen to command my fleet through.  The game is more of a capital ship command and control combat simulation, but your given the controls of a space fighter SIM.  Which is super frustrating when your ship is huge and can’t ‘dog fight’ anymore.  Maybe I’m just doing it wrong, I donno.RPG: 5/10Story-wise the game is still being developed, but I was not very impressed with the flat dialogue of the current warmasters and other NPCs.  Warmasters are companions that can join you, but they are so fragile that I found them more of a burden than a benefit.Each class has several skills and abilities to advance as you level up, but the main motivation to advance is access to larger ships.  It may have been my playstyle but skills and abilities are grossly underpowered compared to upgraded weapons, equipment, and ships that everyone has access to.  I played a Vanguard and the skills were fun “battle tricks” but never decided the fate of an encounter or provided any meaningful assistance to any of my ships.This game has some serious potential to be a great space RPG, but needs some balancing of warmasters, player skills/abilities, and ships/equipment.4X: 7/10The 4x aspect of this game is good.  There is large galaxy of many factions to eXplore.  You can easily eXpand your faction by capturing smaller regions initially and set your sights on planets later in the game.  Once you have a strong enough ship it’s very easy to eXploit the other factions ultimately leading to their eXtermination.Several areas of the game still need improvement.  For example, there is not an effective way to manage your empire once you expand.  A ‘faction overview’ screen would help, like Civilization games.  My biggest gripe is the tedious micromanagement of the civilian fleets (resource gathers).  The research tree needs to be balanced also, for example the researchable weapons are not on par with ones you can just buy and the reserchable enhancements are almost game breaking (shield buffer).Overall: 7/10I enjoy playing this game in its current state and think it will only improve in the future as the devs are very responsive to feedback.  I’m going to spend more hours playing SPGW."
,Recommended,419480,32032129,Posted: 28 May,all,Reznor,"X3 meets Pirates! meets 4X. I love everything about this game.There's still some refinements to do for balancing and some gameplay mechanics that need to be implemented or flushed out, but this is a stellar game as is."
76561198120774542,Recommended,419480,32593373,Posted: 20 June,all,AOB 606,Why this game is not popular ????this game is ♥♥♥♥ing good i can't even describe how good it is .
,Recommended,419480,31982502,Posted: 26 May,all,Faptor,This game is amazingly fun and addictive. Once you get the controls down and start capturing ships you'll be hooked.
76561198002081861,Recommended,419480,31992648,Posted: 27 May,all,Randseed,Easily one of the best empire-building sandbox type space games in recent memory. It's rare that I pick up something and immediately log about 12 hours in it.
76561198116363932,Not Recommended,419480,32301766,Posted: 9 June,all,visser,"50 or so hours into the game and after conquering like 1/10th of the map there is nothing more to do then actually finish sweeping over the map.This game really lacks end game mechanics, the new/bigger ships don't really give you the wow factor a big♥♥♥♥♥ship like a dreadnought should give. Resources go up pretty fast, my fleet is always maxed out however there is absolutely nothing to do with it. Just an endless grind of conquering stations in a repetitive way. Somehow this game reminds me of Mount & Blade, I really love that game but in my 3000+ hours I actually never ever finished one game due to lack of endgame content.After finishing this game (if I can even make myself play that much longer) I will probably never touch it again, just like Starpoint Gemini 2, which was more fun to play because of the story mode."
,Not Recommended,419480,32733297,Posted: 24 June,all,Greatexperiment,"I really wanted to like this game. The concept is great, and I wish there were more rpg / space-sim / empire building games out there. It also seems like the developers are pretty engaged with the community and trying their best. That's why I feel terrible about having to give a negative review.The camera controls for the gamepad don't work, and would lock into an odd position. That's not a huge deal, just annoying.So I switched over to Mouse and Keyboard, and that's where the real issue is. The controls and UI are cripplingly bad in this game. I've been playing games since the 90s, and so don't need things to be fancy or flashy. The problem is that the UI simply doesn't make sense, and I found it genuinely confusing. Clicks and buttons don't do anything remotely like what they would be expected to do, pathways to do certain actions and navigation are weird, overly complicated, and require thinking about things in a very roundabout way. I can't tell if functions are broken, or I'm completely misunderstanding the logic behind how to nav in bases, in space or just generally.Basically, using this game made me feel like an idiot and also embarrassingly frustrated. While I feel like a moron all the time in my daily life, getting this frustrated with a game is very rare.The amount of work involved is likely prohibitive, but overhauling the UI and controls really seems to be in order. I understand that may not be practical anymore at this stage of development, but as it is I can't play the game and wouldn't suggest it to even an experienced and extremely patient player. I find that sad because I suspect there's a great game hiding beyond the barrier of UI / control / camera issues.As mentioned earlier, I do feel very bad about giving a negative review here. I feel like I owe the developers a drink or something. :("
76561197985650755,Recommended,419480,32102935,Posted: 1 June,all,Dagon,i likey
,Recommended,419480,31499475,Posted: 1 May,all,KyleKidd,"Gameplay:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AwJeNyzmLhkI bought this game over a year ago back in April 2016.  It was pretty rough at that point, with around 15 minutes worth of content.  I started it up again today for the first time since then, and I'm throughly impressed with the progress the developers have made.  This game is a good example of how Early Access should work.Gameplay is fun and very open ended.  After the tutorial, you are for the most part free to do whatever you want to do.  Be a pirate, run trade routes, take freelance contracts, build up a fleet of fighters, and build up your space station.  There is so much stuff to do that in my 3+ hours of playtime, I still haven't seen or done everything.  I haven't even broken out of the starting area yet (and thats a good thing).  I've been waiting for a good game to come out similar to Freelancer (one of my all time favorites), and this hits the mark.PROS-Great graphics-Good sound and music quality-Lots of stuff to do in the game-Lots of ships, upgrades, skill point, etc.-Building up a fleet of ships from captured enemy ships is awesome-UI is beautiful (if not slightly confusing)-A good, all-round space game-The price point hovers near the high end, but I still think it's still worth it.CONS-Voice acting is laughably bad-Controls can be a bit complicated (bit of a steep learning curve, but not terrible)-Could use a bit of polish in certain areas (flew through an asteroid in auto-pilot)-With so many things to do, the game might feel overwhelming to a new player"
76561198006217347,Recommended,419480,32151841,Posted: 3 June,all,Anticitizen1 [Raven Guard],"It is a good arcade space game with elements of 4X. There are multiple options at the start of a new game including Free Roam and Story Mode. The story is okay and is enjoyable to get through apart from the last few missions which are a real drag. The meat of the game is in Free Roam which you can do after you go through the story, this is where you will have a great deal of fun there are over 150 space stations to conquer in addition to at least a dozen planets. As you conquer, your empire expands which brings in additional resources which could be spent on expanding your fleet, building and upgrading defensive and resource generating space stations, hub construction and research. Some research costs blow out to an insane amount but once you get your economy going you will be making a killing. The enemies aren't static, there are faction in this game and if they are at war with you they will attempt to attack your fleets and take over your regions. I quite enjoyed the 4X aspect of this game and I think that it makes it a better game than its predecessor - SPG2. The combat isn't as nuanced as something like X3:AP but it is still quite satisfying.The issues I have with the game is that it is glitchy, I have two systems I game on, the desktop with GTX1080 and i7 and a laptop with GTX1060 and i7. Both of those systems handily exceed the specs on Store Page for this. The desktop runs this game on 2560 x 1440 with high settings reasonably well but with fairly frequent crashes, the performance on the laptop is far more problematic. It runs the game in 1920 x 1080 and it runs it poorly even on low settings, the framerate is very poor and it also experiences frequent crashes which necessasite a hard restart on the laptop. Updating Nvidia drivers did not help this."
76561198060648879,Recommended,419480,33058418,Posted: 30 June,all,hayseddy,"Other than Void Destroyer 2 this is the only game that says hey do you want a WAR FLEET "" yaa i do"" WELL MY LITTLE ONE FOLLOW ME. DO I NEED TO SAY MORE IF YOU WANT TO LEAD A FLEET FROM YOUR OWN SHIP AND FEEL LIKE A ADMIRAL THEN GET THIS GAME I AM SO SO HAPPY LOOKING AT THE SHIP MODDELS ♥♥♥♥ING 100% AND IT HAS MODS SO GREAT GREAT GREAT GREAT THE CONTROLS ARE NOT♥♥♥♥♥♥EVERY ONE SAYS ""OU I CAN NOT SHOOT "" HELLO AUTO SHOOT ARE YOU STUPID COME ON PEOPLE AUTO ♥♥♥♥ING SHOOT YOU HAVE A ♥♥♥♥ING CREW FOR A REASON YOU THINK NO ONE IN YO SHIP WITH YA GOD DAMIT GUYS DONT LISTEN TO THOSE PEOPLE SAYING COMBAT IS WONKY ITS SO EASY SOME TIMES THE COMBAT IS TOO EASY I DO NOT EVEN HAVE 20 HRS AND MY WAR FLEET IS ALREADY AT 100% COMPACITY AND A LIST OF KILLS THAT WOULD GO ON FOR MONTHS SO PLS PPL DO YO SELF A FAVOUR AND GO LEAD YO OWN FLEET"
76561198042890140,Recommended,419480,32698812,Posted: 23 June,all,SFF,"The Starpoint Gemini series has been a real trip.  The first game was nothing special, but 2 became a cult classic due to how much it improved.Now we're on to Starpoint Gemini Warlords, and its even better.  The plot is nothing special, but the meat of the game, the actual gameplay, is better than ever.  Ship combat is fast, intense and even somewhat strategic.What sets this game apart from its predessucors is that there are now 4X elements.  Rather than a single captain and ship like past games, you are quickly put in charge of your own entire faction, and your goal is to take control of the rest of the vast galaxy.  You can craft upgrades and enhancements for your main base, build entire fleets to help you in and out of battle, and play politics with the various factions.All in all, this is definitely a worthy successor to Freelancer, and if you're a fan of space sandboxes, you should definitely check it out."
,Recommended,419480,32684694,Posted: 23 June,all,谭雅,we need chinese plz!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198046420939,Recommended,419480,31873077,Posted: 20 May,all,jrd.myers,Has A LOT of great aspects but currently feels insanely unbalanced and random crashes are still occuring at random moments. Taking over additional areas is nearly impossible to sustain because of the continual attacks that cause you to lose ships and you can't bring in enough goods to replenish ships to even one territory thats being attacked.The graphics and sound are solid and controls for the most part are well done.Hopefully the next patch will cover most of the current balance issues.
76561198027196300,Recommended,419480,32384343,Posted: 13 June,all,Silly Con Carne,"I got lucky and was given the opportunity to get Starpoint Gemini 2 for free during the special SPG: Warlords launch event. I played intensively and felt very satisfied, eventually I felt the need to learn more about the new title Warlords. Being a big fan of X3, I was looking for a 4X more oriented in gunfights than pure economy this time, and Warlords fited in perfectly for me.Starting with a little ship, working my way through to the higher tiers of ships and ending with a big warship loaded with big cannons while being escorted by your own armada and participating in big skirmishes is pretty satisfying.There are some elements needing to be more polished/tweaked like the extra ressources issue, the conquest element could be pushed further, but the devs of this game are reactive and listening to the community's pleas. Their game is also very open concerning mods and if you feel like it's still lacking in an area you can try to mod it yourself!This last couple of years, several good space oriented games have been launched and personnaly, I count Starpoint Gemini Warlords as one of them. LGM delivered a game truthful to what they promised and that was enough for me to feel happy."
,Recommended,419480,32802571,Posted: 25 June,all,Newt,"Outstanding!Just finished the Campain, thought it was a little tiny bit grindy but,  there was tons to do while I waited for resources.I saw a lot of complaints about controls, I have to say I didn't have any issues.  Though I have played Starpoint Gemini 2 so there wasn't much to get used to. (I play turreted mode and look around at enemies/stations using the left mouse button, you can also press the space bar to let it follow the mouse around without having to hold down the button.)Might help if the smaller ships could zoom out a bit more, on the larger ships it didn't seem to be an issue.I am looking forward to seeing what the DLC's bring and as always I am not dissapointed.  Thanks LGM, I never regret your early access titles."
76561198001914772,Recommended,419480,33366319,Posted: 8 July,all,Hawk Firestorm,The Games ok but its nothing special combat can be hard as hell or easy there's little middle ground.Still it will keep you playing till the end.
76561198049865292,Recommended,419480,32120047,Posted: 1 June,all,Gorcossax,Space. Explosions. Building. Mods. Better than the last if you liked the previous. Solid game.
,Recommended,419480,32184624,Posted: 4 June,all,Drumatiko,"Great game, here are some pointers for starters:1. Make sure you have enough money for enhancements before upgrading your ship.2. Consider capturing ships, it's a good way to gain extra materials and money (plus you can steal your next ship instead of buying one).3. Dont forget to install extra turrets on your ship.4. Keep your civilian fleet bussy, it is a good way to earn extra materials."
,Recommended,419480,32191471,Posted: 4 June,all,HANGMAN,"Its not quite the Mount & Blade with star cruisers that I always dreamed of, but its pretty close."
,Recommended,419480,31557326,Posted: 5 May,all,Adrakar,Ive only got about 15 hours right now in the game but whats there is pretty damn good. It definitely Needs a little bit more to it but its definitely worth trying even in its early access state. And plus the modding community seems to be taking a liking to the game as well Hopefully with future updates it will make the game even better than what it already is.
76561198376003467,Recommended,419480,32552904,Posted: 18 June,all,sleven483,only got this game today and all ready love it. it is like freelancer and x and rebel galaxy all in one.
76561198008640533,Recommended,419480,32548527,Posted: 18 June,all,Erragal ME,"So far having a lot of fun, can get a bit better on the item discriptions. Love the tutorial videos a nice touch."
76561198010458551,Recommended,419480,32041533,Posted: 29 May,all,dakkonwastes,"fun, challenging, strategic layer and personal fused amazingly well. No crashes.  Only detraction is that i havent yet figured out a satisfying method of moving camera for turret view that isnt clunky. In that same vein turrets on many hulls are only on the top so dog fights involve a lot of revolving and rotating to keep them in sights. and developers for some strange reason thought with all our guns on the top of the ship, we should have a default (and most) view that focuses on aiming wahts below the ship.The one thing i would change would be a mirror default view under the ship so that you have a greater angle of attack and can actually shoot manaully AND fly at the same time."
76561198001336456,Recommended,419480,32556345,Posted: 18 June,all,bumdude2,Great devs made a great game! Followed thiis through early access all the way to release and I am not dissapointed.
,Recommended,419480,32047723,Posted: 29 May,all,Ken21,"I don't write reviews very often. When I do it is either because the game blew my mind and was amazing or because I regret every penny I spent on it. Thankfully this game is the former.Pros:I bought into this game in Early Access, which is always terrifying with the track record of some of the ""Could have been a great game..."" cases that happen on Steam, but this game has been great all the way through it's release. The developers are very good about interacting with the community and really pay attention to player feedback. It is by far one of the most polished releases I have played in a long time (I personally have not had one bug or crash), even in early access bugs were few and far between. Gameplay is similar to previous games from the franchise but many new features have been added. In my opinion, this game gets as close to perfection as it can get.Cons? What cons?Ok on a serious note: The campaign can feel a little bit grindy at times when trying to push towards the next ship tier but that is the nature of any game that sets high goals for you, and each tier really is a big improvement. That being said, there could be a little bit of balancing with the freelance mission pay perhaps. Right now for example there are some missions that pay around 1m-2m credits that I completely smash, then there's a couple that pay 1.5m-3m that squash me and my entire fleet like a bug (we're talking fleet wiped out in less than 30 seconds). For the pay difference it seems a little imbalanced, especially when I can take the lower paying jobs and, with a little bit of luck, capture the enemy ship and make the same if not more than the higher paying job.All being said though, with that being my only gripe I would definitely give the game a solid 9.5/10, and with the way the developers have been so far I am sure that by the time they start working on the next game in the franchise (please give us another one!) this will be a solid 10/10 in my book.Thank you guys for delivering another outstanding addition to the franchise!!"
,Recommended,419480,31942110,Posted: 24 May,all,EXL™ Λnimosity,"Rather enjoying it. Controls are a little clunky on the mouse and keyboard. But I know it is better on controller :DNot too sure if I like all of the combat features, some things like heavy weapons having only a 90degree arc or that some ships are better for different types of engagements. The latter just not being explained."
76561198012741483,Recommended,419480,32810253,Posted: 26 June,all,Jacefel,Worth the money. Great game.
,Recommended,419480,32829650,Posted: 26 June,all,Sugoi Desu??,SUGOI....desu!
,Recommended,419480,32957099,Posted: 28 June,all,Stormblazer,"Great game for the money, story is a bit...forseeable but the conquest of the sector keeps one busy for quite some time. Especially interesting with more and more community mods popping up."
76561197975192064,Recommended,419480,31504139,Posted: 2 May,all,Spencetron,"I think I have put enough hours in to give it a review. I have a decent rig running gtx970/i7/16gb of ram. My comp stutters in every battle on medium settings. The game is still early access and it shows a little. They have been pushing out minor updates, but there are some bugs that drive me nuts still, My fleets disappear randomly and it seems to happen before big fights and I get destroyed due to said fleet disappearance.  There is an autosave but its not often enough so you have to remember to save constantly. There have been a rare few times where I could not manually save as tho it was stuck in some sequence and I had to land at my HQ to autosave before restarting. After all this there is something about this game that keeps me pulled in. It has a freelancer feel to it which I have always missed in space games. I still recommend this game because the developer has been actively working on it and listens to the players. Just in the week of me having it I have seen positive updates pushing this game in the right direction. I'd say give it a shot of you like space sims, I am glad I did."
76561198135481726,Recommended,419480,31627407,Posted: 8 May,all,diablo's revenge,very good game and a good blend of gerner's that work well together
76561198007988622,Recommended,419480,32124154,Posted: 2 June,all,tau73,"The game is an interesting mix of real time strategy, third person adventure and resource management.  The dev's are very attentive even after final release, we recently had an issue with the steam controller update and the integration with the game, the dev's responded with a quickfix within several hours of being notified of the issue and corrected it."
76561197992687121,Recommended,419480,32183874,Posted: 4 June,all,Robbo (AR),"If you can get past the combat which has a bit of a learning curve, there really is a cracking good game here."
76561197995294232,Recommended,419480,31974933,Posted: 26 May,all,Bufkinator,"Instantly hooked, I've played a lot of games like this. The UI feels really clunky compaired to other games and I'm not a fan of the camera system in this game. I'd prefer something more akin to EVE online's controls at this point with how combat in this can get a little overwhelming when there are a lot of fast moving targets, what I have seen is most people just use fire at will and focus more on flying the ship (it's what I do, and it works better than trying to dogfight in a frigate...) Overall though I enjoy the game and hopefully they will continue to make some tweaks to the controls."
76561198028300314,Recommended,419480,32136215,Posted: 2 June,all,Shayul,"I'm enjoying playing this game alot. easy to pick up and put down, not too demanding. I'm glad I purchased this."
76561197972644480,Recommended,419480,32097886,Posted: 31 May,all,apricot,Mount & Blade in Space.
,Recommended,419480,32211166,Posted: 5 June,all,Dresden,It's Like Civ In space... Except its better than the actual Civ in Space game. You get a giant Planet Killing Gun and have it stolen from you 20 min later. 10/10
76561197963973496,Recommended,419480,32098854,Posted: 31 May,all,[GA] Doops,It's pretty damn good.
,Recommended,419480,32077850,Posted: 30 May,all,BiotechMedic,its a open space rpg where you lead an empire and/or lead your own adventure. my only complaint is i wish it had more for diplomatic people than declare war make peace and make a basic trade deal (i give you credits for stuff for a few weeks)
,Recommended,419480,33441191,Posted: 10 July,all,Dagdorval,"These guys deserve every penny. If they make this multiplayer one day it could rival eve online.Absolutely great team and great game. Relax, fly through space, command your ship, and grow your empire."
76561198000023171,Recommended,419480,33388630,Posted: 8 July,all,GinzingJames,Campaign was loads of fun. Look forward to Warlords 2!
76561198035507345,Recommended,419480,33257860,Posted: 4 July,all,Nightstalker,I love this game now that it is in a more compete state.  I just captured my first planet today.
76561198001863295,Recommended,419480,32360023,Posted: 12 June,all,ace1905,This game is great fun! It has the best features of freelancer and X3. Late game used to be boring but has been much improved with increased difficulty at planet assaults
76561197972446573,Not Recommended,419480,32784245,Posted: 25 June,all,Azrell,Garbage controls ruin this game. It feels like they made it for consoles first then went pc but didnt bother to rebuild the UI into something actually playable.Play this game if you want to spend all your time fighting the controls and not other ships.
76561198027157201,Recommended,419480,32976847,Posted: 29 June,all,Officer Donut,Awesome game!
,Recommended,419480,33407404,Posted: 9 July,all,AJexa,"Great game, really not sure why it's only 'mostly postive'"
76561198032050969,Recommended,419480,34298960,Posted: 16 August,all,Badshrimp,"So far I've played about 20 hours and I'm finding the game quite addicting. Combat is enjoyable. Controls are a little wonky at first, but once you get the hang of it, it's not so bad."
76561198119140355,Recommended,419480,34248970,Posted: 14 August,all,Swamp Fox,At first I was a little unsure about this game. I would get on it for a  few minutes and get off. When I actually stayed on it for a few hours playing the 2 new DLC I ended up liking it a lot.I just hope we will get a star wars overhaul mod for this game!
76561198033103420,Recommended,419480,34339473,Posted: 18 August,all,Vulgar_Bandit,Phaenominal.
76561198024352041,Recommended,419480,34254786,Posted: 15 August,all,Gilgamec,"In so many ways the game that I always wanted an X game to be, and Rebirth let me down. Yes in some ways ship classes are a little too simplified, cannot auto transfer to any ship, but to me the space sim combined with 4X play is really great. The constant sending out of civilian fleets and their management can be a little tedios but...comon if you played X3 nothing can be as tedios as those menus. Comparitively the menus on Warlords are clean, crisp, and easy to navigage. I enjoy the built in expansion and capture element of play and the ability to manage an empire as it were. I do wish there were more options in how to expand the empire, different types of stations to custom build, etc. However I feel Warlords is a great step in the right direction filling in the hold in my heart left by XRebirth."
,Recommended,419480,34226463,Posted: 13 August,all,Lurch,"The controls are aids, but the gameplay is very good. Definitely worth a look when it's on sale."
76561198005510116,Recommended,419480,34230982,Posted: 14 August,all,Dr. Claw,Great game.
76561198067125586,Recommended,419480,34330964,Posted: 18 August,all,Deathfire,"I dont usually write Reviews for any game, this game added a Review button to the main menu so It is clearly important to them to get our feedback and I like that so they can have my feedback. I haven't put a lot of time into the game yet but its only because Ive had a lot going on at home. This game is fun and it holds my attention when I am playing it. The game seems to cover a lot of what I am looking for in a game with the Strategy element added in with the space ship battles and ties it all together with a pretty smooth working economy system. So far so good."
76561198044253729,Recommended,419480,30752075,Posted: 26 March,all,cheezeus,"overall a good game. it's missing some features , but it's an early release . has some glitches that make the game freeze up, but yet again it's an early release . if you choose to play this game be sure to save and often because autosave while it exists isn't prdictable or helpful . in conclusion good game that will only get better , bugs that dont effect gameplay , and minor inconvienences ."
,Recommended,419480,34249443,Posted: 14 August,all,Arfan_septiano,I LOVE THIS GAME. It's like star wars without death star. and now we have titan. marvelous
76561198003894643,Recommended,419480,34244136,Posted: 14 August,all,DawnHunters,Great fun a good mix of sci-fi with strategy.
76561198066233738,Recommended,419480,34333797,Posted: 18 August,all,aurumenk2,"Okay First off, this game is fantastic.  As you level up, the difficulty of the game scales up and the devs here listened to everyone's input on what they wanted in a game.  This is a great space sandbox type game with large fleets, massive explosions, you can capture enemy ships even and add them to your fleet, sell them, or strip em for materials.  anger people, and they will invade your space and blow up your♥♥♥♥♥♥  Difficulty has been scaled down since I last played it making it much easier, but I was also fighting battleships in a frigate Because I didn't know they sold destroyers on phaneros only but they changed that so you can get it at your main base which also has many upgrades.  The Devs on this game deserve a lot because it's really fun and has an interesting storyline.  I think in future there could be more missions and events and such, and I'm looking forward to getting the dlc.  Great game 10/10.  Just as good as freelancer."
,Recommended,419480,33418859,Posted: 9 July,all,chetan.N,STANDBY
76561198104486191,Recommended,419480,34322385,Posted: 17 August,all,hellsfx,"100% Recommend this game! It is sooo fun rampaging through space, Building fleets, Exploring etc.."
76561198004628852,Recommended,419480,34245053,Posted: 14 August,all,W8taminute,Starpoint Gemini: Warlords is a lot of fun to play especially when in free roam mode.  If you like RPG elements with your space strategy games while tracking the exploits of your own personal character this is the game for you.  Many have compared this game to Mount and Blade and those people are not wrong.Starpoint Gemini: Warlords is definitely addicting.  Yes there are some tasks you have to perform in the beginning stages that get quite repetitive and boring but that's par for the course with these type games.  Once you have built yourself up and gotten a good income the universe opens up many new dimensions for you to explore.  Command fleets and conquer territory.  Build up a tradeship armada and ply the market for profit.  There are many paths to take.The only downside with this game I've come across so far is a tiny bit of lag when exiting sublight just before getting into battle.  Once the transisition is complete however the game runs silky smooth again.
,Recommended,419480,34282464,Posted: 16 August,all,Merlin,"Many hours later and I'm having more fun than I did when I started. That's a good start and a nice change. Normally games are great at the start and then get worse/boring very quickly.There are elements of this game that I'm not a fan of. The camera and controls are quite odd and take getting used to. If you're struggling, keep plugging away, you'll get better.I am impressed with the scale of the game. It is multiple genres in one game. This is both great and bad. Everything seems like it needs 'fleshing out'. It's still good though.Overall I'm playing this game quite happily, which makes a change because I really struggle to play games these days. I get so 'meh' after only 10-20 mins. Startpoint Gemini Warlords has kept my interest and has made me late for work for couple of times this week. It's nice to get a decent gaming session in again."
,Recommended,419480,31985718,Posted: 26 May,all,[PUG-ER]Shagohad,The Gemini System is a mess and I just need to rule it.
76561198018190008,Recommended,419480,22528427,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Aero182,"i thought it'd try this game out because it sounds appealing. played for 40 minutes. i thought about refunding before i played for the full hour, but after reading the comments section about the great reputation from the develpoers i thought i would stick with this game and see where it goes :). played for another hour and a half.it's a bit confusing at first sine you're not sure what to do (although i kinda like that do what you want feel), and you can 'dock' even when you're not near a space station, and there's no physical docking process.it seems like they've focused alot on combat and the ship and shield systemi look forward to seeing where the game goes, i look forward to conquering the galaxy."
76561198008817486,Recommended,419480,22654232,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Rallaster,"if you get this game be aware that it is currently in the early phases of early access so it is a buggy mess, but its a fun buggy messi entered the early access for the previous starpoint gemini game and it started out the same way and the devs have always done regular updates for instance the game has been on steam for 2 weeks and has already had 2 updates"
76561198374839162,Recommended,419480,30634519,Posted: 20 March,all,reddwarfsmurf,"Intriguing mix of game types. Direct action simulation with RPG system and strategy decisions. Plays well, ton of options and gameplay features. Graphics look awesome, rare visual glitches and loading stutters, but for an Early Access game incredible well polished. I need more gameplay time to assess the depth and check all the options. Also, new updates are constantly coming so playing through everything is next to impossible at this point"
,Recommended,419480,32033692,Posted: 28 May,all,spaceduck,there is just so much awesome about this game.
,Recommended,419480,33562029,Posted: 15 July,all,pawpurrazzi,9/10. Better than Starpoint Gemini 2. Absolutely worth the money if you are a franchise fan.
76561198049279494,Not Recommended,419480,32726546,Posted: 24 June,all,DrunkenBogan,♥♥♥♥ awful UI/Controls. Some great gameplay concepts but they get completely overshadowed by the awful controls and awful UI.
76561198071073253,Recommended,419480,35433677,Posted: 2 October,all,viperxt2000,Amazing game only thing it lacks is multiplayer
,Recommended,419480,35116459,Posted: 21 September,all,Tomas the Feel Engine,♥♥♥♥ing Sick 👌👌👌
76561198013424889,Not Recommended,419480,32844802,Posted: 27 June,all,vcuaoiwk,"Like another reviewer stated - over-hyped. Overall the game is beautiful, BUT if you dont like grinding, then take a pass on Warlords.Pros:- It's pretty.- Spacial orientated combat is a relatively cool concept (meaning that only the areas of your ship face the opponent can fire at that opponent)- If you want to shoot things in space but want to avoid any strategy, simulation, or rpg elements, then its a great game.Cons:- Flight controls are miserable. Compared to anything in the X series, Freelancer, etc., the ability to be effective seems to be focused on how fast you can spam your weapons.- AI combatants are really dumb and combat is a grind. After the first few fights, it's literally spam abilities, weapons, and equipment, and you can easily solo fight a fleet 2-20x greater then your solo ship's fleet power.- The strategy portion is literally just out-scale the other fleet, attack, and if you really want to succed, then you just join the fight. There are strategic sectors and such, but there doesnt seem to be any competition from the AI for areas that have better bonuses other then a routine attack which is easily defended again by just sending 1-2 more ships.- Trading seems to be scripted. Aka there is no actual economy. Just another ""dumb"" script (meaning no intelligent trading options or really any point to it) and is again just another grind.- Diplomacy options arnt really options. Option 1: Trade? Option 2: War? Option 3: Peace? Option 4: Random missions that have no real impact on the game? and thats about it. Oh, and the dialogue options are pretty much that.- Speaking of missions... all the missions have zero impact on the game or quality of life within the game.- Ships have a level restriction on them... which can be fine, unless theyre literally a linear progression. There are no lateral options (other than get a slightly different ship with slightly different stats). This restriction just increases the grinding you have to do to ""win"".- Spacial orientated combat, while cool, doesnt make sense when it comes to missles or the ship ability options. First, its 2017 and tracking missles are already a thing. Second, if you already have to position your ship to fire weapons, then why not give these same options to shielding, power, etc. Increasing the complexity of any of these things would at least make combat a tad bit more interesting.Regardless, Dev team, the aesthetics  are amazing, and I hope you can breathe a little more life and complexity to the game."
76561198032123859,Recommended,419480,31928897,Posted: 23 May,all,Puffonstuff,"I really can't reccommend this to anyone....unless they want a beautiful, immersive game with an amazingly responsive dev team behind it.  I loved SPG II so I bought into SPG Warlords in beta.  I made a comment on a thread once during development that one of my save games was glitched and they took the time to respond and had me send the files in.  It's one small example, but that's how this team is.  They stand behind what the produce.  I'll continue to play what they produce."
,Recommended,419480,33044352,Posted: 30 June,all,Mannewald,"Controlls are not the best and take a litle while to get used to, but after a couple hours you dont even notice anymore. Great fun and I highly recommend it."
76561198199718034,Recommended,419480,33238476,Posted: 4 July,all,tonyhakze2,great game i love it not many compliants really then in game travel is a bit slow
76561198051491728,Recommended,419480,33250632,Posted: 4 July,all,Doineed  A Name,"It's fun, 'specially the Death Star III."
,Recommended,419480,33318801,Posted: 6 July,all,DENTON,Surprised that this game is not more popular.  I have been reallyyy enjoying it...worth the purchase for me.
,Recommended,419480,33325627,Posted: 6 July,all,Thresh Blackpaw,Awful controls but fun space game.
76561198018490968,Recommended,419480,33330057,Posted: 6 July,all,jedidareo,"Great game I am not sure if I am a Pirate or an intersteller Emperor, either way I enjoy stealing ships and taking worlds.  Only note is that you add multiplayer, this game would be great with 4 players per map mixed with the NPC enemies."
76561197988145684,Recommended,419480,32748621,Posted: 24 June,all,Jeep91,Very fun
,Recommended,419480,32758141,Posted: 24 June,all,Rhadamant,I've sunk enough hours into this game to say.. yeah ... it's pretty good.
,Recommended,419480,32173334,Posted: 4 June,all,Prawned,"Great game, a lot of depth and satisfying gameplay. It will certainly please any fans of Freelancer or the X series."
76561198026602218,Recommended,419480,25847778,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,GrudgeBRINGER,"I will admit the game controls seem to SUCK at first, but actually, I have learned how to fly by looping over my prey over and over again, and it became fun.  One thing I will note, is...   ...   can we PLEASE adjust camera zoom in and out of combat?  I would like a preset customizable setting for both.  If I could just zoom out a bit when fighting, it would be SOOOOO much more fun.Wish there was more content!  I know, I know...  its comming!!!   :)Thanks and definately worth it..."
76561198092709209,Recommended,419480,32188402,Posted: 4 June,all,Dents,"Muito semelhante ao SPG 2, porém com adição de muitas mecanicas macromanagent que até o momento estão sendo muito divertidas"
,Recommended,419480,32352865,Posted: 11 June,all,TheWarlockWombat,"By far one of the best games I've ever played on here. I never played SPG or SPG 2, but now I kinda regret that. Graphics are great, ship designs are awesome, and storyline is well-written, interesting, and flushed-out."
76561198346791098,Recommended,419480,31691769,Posted: 11 May,all,cyber,Good game !!!!!!!!
76561197986365521,Recommended,419480,33256477,Posted: 4 July,all,Diarrhea Cactus,"I am new to the Starpoint Gemini series so this review will be based off of what I have experienced over the last 15+ hours.Starpoint Gemini is a combat oriented space simulation game where you build an empire from the ground up.  The campaign walks you through much of the mechanics as you complete the missions with minimal grinding necessary to get the next bigger ship.  When considering ships, you can buy ships from several different places, each with their own unique look.  You can also board and takeover ships as well as raid the contents of enemy ships should you so choose.With the building portion, you can upgrade various parts of your main station while upgrading the smaller outposts that can generate materials or serve as a defense peremiter against an enemy fleet.  As you grow in size, your territory will eventually also expand.  Taking out stations and other areas expands your territory, resource gain, and total capacity in fleets.  So far, I have maintained a large fleet for myself while keeping minimal presences in my remote sectors that I cannot easily warp to.Trading, mining, scavenging, scanning containers, etc., are all part of the game.  While this isn't a 4X game like the X series, you can still look up prices for items in your cargo hold to get the best price.  Honestly, I feel this is a nice touch but its easier for my to just head back to base and sell everything.  The missions end up providing more of a bonus to credits.Speaking of credits, there are 4 primary resources in the game.  Credits, as already discussed, materials which are used for construction, gas, and ore.  Each of these are used in various ways to construction, research, and trading.  You will find some things in the game you cannot do without proper upgrades and resources on hand.  This is where things can get tedious if you are not utilizing trade routes with your T gate (warp gate).  Getting these resources can be a grueling process manually and through civilian fleet operations that you can use.  Civilian fleets basically do all of the non-combat related stuff for you but you have to micro these missions.  Once they are done, you have to send them somewhere else, which gets annoying.  I would have liked a way to prioritize which kinds of missions they take automatically, but, after the beginning of the game, the returns on the fleet missions are negligible anyways.With combat, you fly your ship and use firing arcs to hit the enemy.  Front, aft, port, and starboard guns with a configurable amount of turrets each help you decimate your enemy.  You cannot configure your AI fleet, as they go in with whatever ship type you built and assigned and help you.  While this might seem like a drawback, I have never seen the need to outfit them with anything other than what they get.  Plus, with research, you can get better variants of the same ships.As combat continues, you have light weapons.  These are weapons such as rail guns, lasers, plasma cannons, etc.  Each having a specific effect on the enemy.  Rail guns are generally better for hull damage while lasers are better for shields.  Plasma weapons are middle of the line and what I usually stick with.  Researching other weapons gives you a vast amount fo choices.  Your other weapon type is a heavy weapon.  These are the weapons that do more damage upon impact and can easily wax a ship in a matter of seconds if you have researched the best stuff and loaded up while continuing to fire everything full blast.  While I feel they could be stronger, I think for now, they are sufficient to not be a waste in their basic form.For every ship you get, each has its own speed, agility, weapon mounting points, possible  fighters that you can launch (the bigger ships have these), hill, and shield capacity.  Obviously, the bigger you go, the slower you go.  I haven't found much of a reason to stick with the smaller ships, when you go up against a dreadnaught, you don't want to be in a measily corvette or frigate class ship, that's asking to get waxed.Outside of that, so far, I am probably about 70% done with the campaign and it is fairly decent.  I wouldn't say its the games strongpoint but it does get you going and pick up after the first 3 or 4 hours.  Things get serious quick and the crap goes down.Overall, I think there is some room for improvement with the resource gathering.  The AI seems to be drunk when they fly in formation with you, often times ramming you dealing no damage.  Load times, even on a M.2 SSD, Ryzen 1700x, and  32 GB DDR4 RAM can be sometimes around the 10 second mark, or more.  This isn't common but does happen.  With all of that being said, if you like the Mount and Blade series, wanted more out of X Rebirth, and enjoy star trek simulation games like Star Trek Legacy, this might be a good game to try.  I enjoy it, despite some of its flaws, I think its great.  The developers launch DLC with actual content at a small price and add other features to the game for free that they think should either be part of the original game or simply want to add without a price tag.  Give it a shot, after 2 hours you don't like it, refund it."
76561198004350859,Recommended,419480,33248164,Posted: 4 July,all,EpsilonPhoenix,I bought Starpoint Gemini during the steam summer sale. I have been looking for something to fill in gap until the next Star Citizen update. It's the first space strategy game I played that let me manage an empire and fly my own ship at the same time. While there is a lack of depth for some of the 4X mechanics the whole of the game is better than the sum of it's parts. If you liked Mount and Blade you'll love this game.Pros:-Realtime Space combat and empire management.-Great visuals and no framerate drops-Good space combat and 4X mechanics-Expansive lore and ingame wikipedia-Great tutorials that can be access ingame-Suprising amount of RPG mechanics and skills that give you additional options in conversations-Campy but solid story that doesn't get in the way of your galactic conquestCons-Frustrating controls but you'll get used to it once you play for a few hours-Lack of depth in the 4X strategy mechanics but not enough to hamper the game as a whole. There's a lot to do but the games mechanics just aren't that deep.
,Recommended,419480,33333786,Posted: 6 July,all,Varfir,"This is a worthy added Star to the Starpoint Gemini Universe. In the past you just worried about one ship and one crew, now your at the head of a whole empire in the making from the start. This game is not Hype, it fully does give you RTS with RPG aspects on top of what you already love about Starpoint Gemini.We NEED to see more games like this.Fully recommended!"
76561198044260531,Recommended,419480,31316067,Posted: 23 April,all,Ashiyan,"wait till its released ,no wierdness then as there is now"
76561198081977907,Recommended,419480,34239008,Posted: 14 August,all,Give yer meat a good ol rub,"Don't do the story, turn the brightness all the way up, then it becomes playable."
76561197998467447,Recommended,419480,31337686,Posted: 24 April,all,Aestrom,"Not only the best EA game i ever played (with other one EA gem - Avorion), but simply great game, very promising."
76561198056784635,Recommended,419480,31306315,Posted: 22 April,all,jo82diane,"Before this update, I was enjoying the game.  Now there seems to be a problem with free lance missins.  you do what yopu are suppose to but it never registers you completed the task.  One example was a disteruction mission and I distroyed everything but I could not distroy the minning station.  It was down to zero but would not explode.  I am still playing just need tyo fix this glitch."
76561198029929742,Recommended,419480,32248221,Posted: 7 June,all,sirwerky,Very open and expansive.  Let's you play the way you like with the ship and guns you love.
76561198026774993,Recommended,419480,31245074,Posted: 19 April,all,etriusmars,"I am not normally one to comment or criticise on a game but this has totally blown me away, I thought Starpoint Gemini 2 was an ok game but this just wipes the floor with that.This is no Elite Dangerous but its depth even at this early access stage is staggering.I hope they continue to develop this and make it even better, this is a developer to watch!!!"
76561197994433338,Recommended,419480,31349213,Posted: 24 April,all,sanis4life,"This game has been coming along nicely. Plenty of things to do and work towards. It's my recent ""go-to"" game."
76561198130078951,Recommended,419480,31236120,Posted: 19 April,all,platinumwyrm11,"I don't do many reviews for games but after hitting 'max level' and flying each ship type and owning quite a bit of space I thought I would pass along my Early Access experience.I put 'max level' in quotes because yes there will come a point when levels mean a little less to you-at least in early access-when you have all the available perks and your skills are sufficient enough to wreck almost any fleet except the battleships in one cycle of skills... that's pretty good. Now you may be thinking, 'Well that sounds like silly oversimplified combat.' I played for a long time. 28 hours on the same save and I spent a lot of that trading...correctly... I won't spoil anything but just like any game everyone will have a different experience depending on how they do things.I've played a number of games in beta and even after a full release where they were as full of bugs or less finished feeling than SGW. When you submit a support ticket they basically try to tell you that although you've been playing the game on high/ultra settings for days just fine that obviously your video card or processor or w/e isn't up to snuff because obviously their game is spotless... that's of course the automated message that you get. If you're lucky within a few days or a week a real person will actually message you, because I want to wait a week to report a bug in a finished product.SGW devs constantly watch their bug forum and support tickets and you get a real reply-each time for me within 1-3 hours! The quality of the bugs I've encountered have actually been fairly mild, kudos to SGW team for fixing the current bugs as they went and not hurrying through releasing content and slopping their game together. They've even gone and rebuilt entire aspects of the game from the ground up if it wasn't working-or even if the community disliked it.As of right now when I'm writing this review we're in Early Access/Beta and there's some issue with the recent update but that's no different than any other game that updates or patches there's always some issues that need hotfixed. SGW is an open space exploration sandbox that's beautiful and able to be played or experienced in a variety of ways. I can expect a game not to be perfect while it's Early Access or Beta development, it's some of the more recent triple A titles that release their games full of game-breaking bugs and make it virtually unplayable for weeks before they patch it without so much as an apology that gets to me.Expect big things from a company that's continuing to care about releasing a quality product."
76561198064090703,Recommended,419480,32164536,Posted: 3 June,all,Cyka Bot,"Simply an absolutely amazing space sim, and actually does what it promises. Granted some strategy aspects can be improved but this game is pretty much everything i've wanted in a space sim game."
76561198075201466,Recommended,419480,22784303,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,MilkMan,As of Right now im loving the game. havent seen any huge bugs.
76561198020046745,Recommended,419480,22816410,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Mr Welsh,"This game idea is amazing, The price for Alpha is a bit steep for what  you get, Unless im just slow at learning, Not sure if you are currently able to take over stations and other objects.Missions are very simple and you can upgrade the mods on your ship in no time.Upgrading to a new ship however is a No, I didnt grind the money just incase The ""pilot standing"" to buying the ship, so you need the money + Reputation or rank if you like, Not sure if the standings are in effect with the missions yet.Do you know what this games missing?The ability to Co-op With your mates, What better way to do a single player roam(yes i know its called co-op), with a friend that can watch your back and help construct ships,carry loot ,be at 2 places at once, or different roles to make fights interesting,The ability to buy planet starbase so it orbits a planet and you can launch shuttles off the ground to the station and you can collect the items from a jet can released by the planet starbase,http://wallpaper4k.info/wp-content/uploads/2016/03/32954-space-station-orbiting-the-planet-1920x1080-fantasy-wallpaper.jpegThese guys are VERY keen on our feedback and I feel they will make this game spot on, I cant wait to see what they have in store for us.Highly Recommend this game And I have since bought Starpoint Gemini 2 just to get into the game more :)"
,Recommended,419480,31961959,Posted: 25 May,all,EchoSON,"This is not a simulator, this is a semi-casual space conquest , this does not mean the game cannot be challenging, you will run into fleets and ships you won't manage to defeat on your first try.GOOD-More features than Starpoint Gemini 2-Better scale on ships-Nice design tool to customise the appearance of your ship-Better effects overall , higher quality than its predecessor (not that SG2 was bad)-You play how you want to, want to avoid the main grind? want to get straight into Big wars with other factions, then you can, with multiple starting options, start off with nothing or ... not nothing, its up to you.Worth mentioning-Good progression, although the lower tier ships will lose relevance in your fleet pretty quick.Im really enjoying the game, saving up resources to upgrade my homebase and do research so I can build a better fleet and kill my pesky neighbours."
76561198001262948,Recommended,419480,22694917,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,slyfoxx55,"Starpoint Gemini Warlords is in Early Access, and I've been playing for a couple of weeks now. Being an EA game, not all of the features are implemented yet, but what is there is awesome. The game looks better than it's predecessors, and the new features like conquering territory, and improving your HQ are intriguing. While I don't reccomend early access games unless you seriously want to playtest an unfinished build and participate in community feedback, I will say that this is an alpha build that is more fun and better designed than many of the betas I've played. So if you want to get in on the ground floor and help shape the development of the game (Little Green Men really listens to player feedback) then get it while it's at the EA pricepoint. If you want to just play and enjoy a finished game, hold off until full release."
76561198007706374,Recommended,419480,22690474,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,lee_harvey_oswald,"having played this game for 56 hours I think I have something to say. This is an awesome game. Visually it is beautiful. Stunningly so.It's like Gemini 2 but with a better interface. The graphics are just awesome.It is a bit grindy. You sometimes just have to grind out missions to build up your bank account so you can buy better guns or a better ship.It is early access and there are a couple of bugs still in it. Some missions you fly to the destination and there isn't there. Others you accept and you immediately get paid for it without having to do the mission.THere are a heap of features that haven't been added in but they will be. I love this game. It's taking all my spare time.Well done LGM. I can't wait for the updates. In the mean time I'm going exploring, building a better ship and grinding it out."
,Recommended,419480,22681497,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Crazy_Demonking,overall the game is great and the graphics are amazing however it does seem to have a problem detecting my nvidia 970 which can be fixed through the nvidia control panel and has been this game is absolutely astonishing in all the detail and all the things that can be done within it. It does still say in the settings menu that it is running off of the intel but that is just a minor glitch. With the recent updates the amount of playable content has increased greatly making the game even more playable. This game was the first game of the starpoint series I have played and I am very impressed and have decided to purchase starpoint gemini 2 and all its dlc hope i enjoy it as much as this game.
,Recommended,419480,22754804,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Screamingiraffe,"This game has promise, looking forward to see where they take it. Good job devs, I'm really enjoying this.update: Having spent a good amount of time playing this, I'm still having alot of fun. There's a limited amount of things to do at the moment, but what's there is pretty solid and the combat is crazy fun. I also like how the devs created random elements that spawn inbetween missions.I sometimes bash on steam game devs for their money grab games of poor quality (and get banned for doing so) but this game is definately a diamond in the ruff.. can't wait for more development, good job devs, good job"
76561198010820818,Recommended,419480,31975029,Posted: 26 May,all,Mastadans,"It's a good game in many aspects, but needs a bit of tweaking yet (v.1.1). You can easily throw dozens of hours in it. It's been compared many times with X3, however, thou it shares some similities, X3 is a lot more complex and has a harder learning curve.7/10."
76561198198071339,Recommended,419480,31230868,Posted: 18 April,all,srfrogg23,"The combat and RPG mechanics of Starpoint Gemini 2, now with the ability to upgrade a space station, build and customize fleets, direct them into combat, conquer new territories, and the ability to hotswap between a mouse/keyboard and gamepad?This is a great blend of space RPG, RTS, and 4x genres.  This somewhat hidden gem is well worth the price tag, even in Early Release."
,Recommended,419480,34320744,Posted: 17 August,all,Isdar,It's pretty good.
76561197997195974,Recommended,419480,34241198,Posted: 14 August,all,lowkee,"Awesome game, haven't got to play it a lot but I do love it. I played it quite a while when it was in early access. If you like the previous games you will really like this game."
76561198041469084,Recommended,419480,22577097,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Aurenical,"Generally, I'm wary about EA games, especially with the history that they have on Steam.  But I've gambled on a few and have ended up having a hand in the creation of some pretty great games, albeit a very tiny, diminuitive, one that lacked any kind of actualy power.SPG Warlords is definitely a game that, when fully finished, will be a great item to add to your library, especially if you enjoy space-sims or RTS or even building games.  While very unfinished (It's EA, not a complaint, just a point) and still lacking balance and polish, it's quite fun even in it's current iteration.As things are it's VERY grindy, or at least has been for me, but I could of course be doing this very wrong.  The ships are fun and have good designs.  The weapons, while not terribly varied, offer you  a good amount of choice, both aesthetically and tactically.  The game systems are a little confusing on their own, having to grope around in the dark through trial and error in this game was very difficult, as buying things is expensive, and selling them is quite the opposite (more so than any other game I can recall playing with this kind of system).  So you have to work very VERY hard and very very VERY long for any gains.The choice of ships is severely limited, although they have mentioned several times that you're given about 30 ships in EA and there will be 90 on full release.  I also haven't explored more than say 5% of the map (if even that much of it), so I may just not have seen all there is to offer.  But the limited selection of ships are not only gated behind INSANE currency requirements, but also level/rank ones too, which, to be honest, are a bit much.The camera is VERY confusing until you find out what all the buttons that affect the camera do, and how to go back to what's more or less the ""default"".  The options aren't bad, in fact, they allow you to fly and fight in very different ways, which is smart and well done, but without an explanation beyond what the game gives, it took me quite some time to accidentally figure out what the different button presses did and how to undo them.  Luckily, upon loading a game, you're brought back to the default camera mode, so if all else fails, there's that option.For an EA, and such an early point in that EA, this game is good.  With some polish, a little more implementation of features, and explanations of game mechanics and systems, this is going to shape up to be a gem.Also, and not really very important but still needs noting, this game is GORGEOUS.  Realistically, none of what they've done visually is plausible, but I honestly couldn't care less about the lack of realism, as the pure beauty of ALL the visuals is just so incredibly well done.  If nothing else, this team has some wildly talented artists."
76561198021296788,Recommended,419480,31928196,Posted: 23 May,all,damitrial_deathmar,An amazing game with the added ability to conquer sectors it adds a new level of enjoyment that can take place any space game lover may enjoy the hell out of this game.
,Recommended,419480,32357383,Posted: 11 June,all,MikeTheMad93,This game. Let me say is pretty damn cool. I love it so much
76561198034582317,Recommended,419480,30691109,Posted: 23 March,all,JakeFromStateFarm,"It open and magestic, if you want it to be, or more directive and mission based if you want it that way too. It's wonderful, especially after the first hour in."
,Recommended,419480,34159472,Posted: 10 August,all,chudamaru,"Good entry in the series. Looks good, plays great."
,Recommended,419480,22533832,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,SHOCKCABLE,"Warlords is awesome! Like always, the developers of this game know how to bring action,space exploration,mining and so much more to an epic title of ""Starpoint Gemini Warlords"". If you haven't played the prequels you should. I recomend this alpha because right now you can't go wrong picking this title up before it hits beta and then the actual launch date. Please keep in mind it is ALPHA. There is still has some work and additional things needed to make it complete but by far this ALPHA is already looking very promissing!Pros:Great gameplayGreat ship designsVarious ways to playCons:This is like the third game..with the same play style but doesn't bring alot of new stuff to the table.OVERALL:7/10"
,Recommended,419480,22609448,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Stefan,"Very very early access. No bugs encountered so far, running very smooth (but not on SLI).Very short introduction, which is nice done.For me it is everything like Starpoint Gemini 2, except the camera movement is quite not good yet.Also, free firing is a must, it fires much better and accurator, including where you cannot see.Right now not very much content is there as research and production of anything.fleets only enable to take over terretory, but cant fight other things down yet..hope there will be soon updates."
76561198060070062,Recommended,419480,31314374,Posted: 23 April,all,Cieten,"Being in early access this game seems to remind me of the x3 games, i think its a great space sim and will be playing it for some time yet, the graphix are great, combat is smooth, yea the campaigne is not yet implamented but i think it will be good when it is, the tutorial i think is laking is some areas but then this is my opinion i recomend buying this game as for it stands at a low price or on sale, at least until more content has been added, such as and i hope: a speed up butten that speeds up the game to make flying from location to location faster."
76561198097537158,Recommended,419480,34206214,Posted: 12 August,all,Phoenix,Great fun
76561198096090777,Recommended,419480,31214905,Posted: 18 April,all,zigurat,"Great game, lots of potential."
76561198018429652,Recommended,419480,31927926,Posted: 23 May,all,SiriusWolfe,"Is great, It improves on every aspect while adding some cool new mechanics. I love it"
76561198023637559,Recommended,419480,34596466,Posted: 29 August,all,Omunall,"Refunding due to very poor fps, but looks like it would be an amazing game. I suppose I'll purchase when I purchase a better rig :(Overall seemed like it would have been amazing, very saddened by this :("
76561198150554400,Recommended,419480,34178250,Posted: 11 August,all,Reaper,BETER VERSION OF REBEL GALAXY BASACLY FUN GAME
76561198111936141,Recommended,419480,25446077,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,misato_katzuragi1987,"Good:The story was very nice told for its 5 minutes, if you can keep it up longer then 5 minutes(so she said) this will be a wonderfull story.The audio response of various ship tasks like moving to waypoint, fire at will ect.Though what would make it perfect is small picture of officer responsible appearing for 2 sec.Ship design, looks of bases/planets ect is well done.Wonderfull music, which is very important!^^Subject of improvement:No docking Animation, was bothering me in previous game alrd. It breaks immersion if you click on dock and this window just appears, nothing in between, it reminds everytime its just a game and throws you out of the ingame universe. Just a small 2 second animation of a small fighter flying from your ship to station without any actual docking would work miracles!The Fleet managment system is very contra intuitive and tedious, instead of a simple list of all your fleets you need to find that fleet on map!This needs to change, first a simple menu with all your fleets listed and their positions so you´ll find them on map.Second every Fleet needs assignible Admiral with picture, perks and background story like the bosses in the previous game.Perks should be Fleet max power and Fleet Speed, mirrowed. For example, always 50% in total it can be 3% power 47% speed or 36% power 14% speed. This would balance big slow fleets vs small fast fleets.Background/picture, you could make 2 kinds of admirals, one that you hire in small side quests with fixed picture/background, and others that you can hire from your HQ with custom picture/self written background.And the fleet operations itself, too fast too low reward, make fleet actually need flying time to reach objective the further it is from HQ, and ofc the operation itself should need around 10 minutes with max distance from HQ on other side of gemini map 30 minutes. Since itll take longer increase rewards accordingly.Additionally possible big event missions with fleets: like defense of a planet where you need to position your fleets around the planet and incoming enemys attack from all sides and you need to move fleets to intercept, and ofc you yourself participate there too defending one spot.Possibility to edit your fleet name with default name: ""Fleet of admiral ""name""""The more you can name/edit yourself the more it feels like yours. Thus game drags you deeper inside its universe, and thats what seperates good games of bad, how deep can it drag you inside its universe.Another thing is fog of war in conquered territory, it doesnt lift, while in hostile/unknown is fine, but if i conquer a station all hexes should be visible of that territory else its kinda strange not be able to see your own territory or even worse need to fly around personally to see your territory.The heavy weapons dont feel heavy at all, well was this way in previous game, but here you have the chance to improve! increase damage of heavy weapons by x10 and cooldown by x5, with this you could put a small voiced everytime a heavy wep is launched with: ""missle on its way to greet our neighbour"", ""heavy weapon launched"", ""Bada boom"", ""fire in the hole!""Because right now a limited ammo heavy weapon feels totaly wasted.The Light weapons dont feel different, the special dmg from lasers on shields and railguns on hull could use a raise to x3 times. It would also be nice if we had more hardpoints to put different sets of weapons on it like one set laser, other set railguns and then toggle them during fights. This would make alot more possibilitys for taktical combat. Because right now with so few dmg difference Lasers are best because they always hit.Additionaly all weapons could use double dmg boost, as combat is abit slow, and with hull regeneration skill player itself is never in danger of being destroyed. Feels like an invul cheat.Hardpoints! in some other games there are destroyable hardpoints of engine/shield/generator/weapons ect, now there are even subsystem hitpoints seen in game as you equip your ship, however they seem of no use at all. Are they used for hacking? well hacking is not used at all either. Change them better to be targeteble by weapons/wings.Mercenarys, in prev game they were just following and shooting. It would be great if you could actually assign them commands like target that enemy first, target those hardpoints, use traktorbeam on that enemy ect, and an icing on top: voiced! same as audio response on your own ship tasks. Would make the feeling as you with actual mercenarys in a fleet and not mindless drones followin you.Wings, fighters, interceptors and bombers! They feel unreal, as you cant target enemy wings nor can your wings target enemys wings. The word interceptor looses its meaning.It would be great if you could actually assign your wings to: intercept enemy wings, attack hardpoints and if the heavy weapons are improved make those destructable too so you could assign your wings to intercept rockets from enemy or protect your own rockets from enemy wings! voiced icing on top XD.Cargo, there are so many cargo items with wonderfull descriptons, however those are not used at all but ""collect all""/""sell all"" wasted! You could do so many missions with Cargo! like:Theres a epidemic on planet X, get medicine from station Y and bring it to the planet on time!An mining operation on asteroid X is in dire need of enviromental suits!An upcoming race on planet X is in need of landrovers!The outcome of upcoming democratic vote on planet X is in danger! To avert the attention of population bring in a mass of hologames!A revolution group on a planet is in need of heavy weapons! smuggle them!Note on cargo missions: always tell where from you can buy that specific cargo..or those missions will be a big fail.Last a dream: Bridge combat!Atm most of times i dont even see all the targets autofire fires at, and theres little motivation to turn since weapons autotarget up/down/behind anyway. This doesnt feel right.A bridge where you see all your officers you hired working on consoles, and you sitting before a 360 degree screen that shows all of combat left/right up/down and behind you with weapon zones marked so you know how to turn to get most of your weapons firing on target!Screen:.................////up////behind//left//Front//right//behind................/bottom/As we at dream part: walkable interiors! spaceships, spacestations, surface of asteroids and ofc planets! with beatiful horizon few out of the panorama window! Ofc with a few npcs with special quests.ps, i did enjoy previous game, though story only there was no point of staying longer in free mode. I hope it changes with this edition cause id really like to change this to positive soon XDEdit:pps: how to get dev attention: write negative review XD no but honestly for the price tag its a worthy game as soon story is finished."
,Recommended,419480,22488811,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,blogsg1,GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198063186029,Not Recommended,419480,33153075,Posted: 2 July,all,Remoria,"They really aren't kidding about the bugs, screwed around with it for 20 minutes ans spent 40 minutes searching the forums and never did get the game off the main screen"
76561198070166699,Recommended,419480,31943126,Posted: 24 May,all,Wyyrd,"Had a little trouble with the launch build, but the devs are amazing, responsive, and really care about their work.Overall, as a game, it's what you'd expect, but with a little more. I'm enjoying my marauder build so far... stealthing up to the bounty target, boarding them, and running off with a prize. It provides a lot of cash and materials for growing the station and building up a fleet early on. Generally 2 to 3x the reward of the mission in many cases.If you like space trading, bounty hunting, and ship grinding, you'll enjoy this.Suggestions for devs :The merger of genres work really well for about 80% of it, but has some growing pains on where the adventure and 4x elements converge. The main detracting issue is the logic used in the direction of the UI design. The way certain actions are nested can be confusing which makes the 4x elements a bit cumbersome.The other main issue is the camera and ship movement. The perspective of the follow camera is too steep and disorienting. While the POV camera really should be a view from the bridge.Planet landing pads and station interiors could use a texture rework and relight. Something isn't working or hooked up properly there."
,Recommended,419480,32173992,Posted: 4 June,all,b0lt,This is basically Mount & Blade in Space.
76561198050767200,Recommended,419480,32509860,Posted: 17 June,all,NakedNinja1,"Flight/camera controls take a bit to get used to, but if you want a Freelancer/X3 cross this your game."
,Recommended,419480,32793734,Posted: 25 June,all,MJSnowman,"I dont know how long ive played this for,I started with the campaine, then got bored and went to the next option down (free roam as it were,, but called something else) waw, I havent even explored all the map yet, Im working on killing the red and keeping green on my boarders with blue any where else (enemy, allied and nutrual respectivly) I know once ive won this map (in a couple of weeks) ill have to give it time before playing again, but this 1 game is worth the money. like freelancer but more. kinda like a total war freelance game lol. try it, give it a couple of hours, then quite tut if youre not enjoying it and go solo owning your own space sation."
76561198030812153,Recommended,419480,32330203,Posted: 10 June,all,jalibenson,"controls are a little hard to get used to, travel can take some time early in the game, but gameplay is fun"
,Recommended,419480,32335921,Posted: 10 June,all,Agnitio Ex Machina,"Playing since it was first in Early Access. It's come a long way, although the voice acting could still be improved on. It's better than what it was but some of the voices are silly and others seem out of character and setting. Why talk about the voice acting? I'm sure other reviews are talking about the more important parts of the game. It's fun in any case and should have strong mod support. Hopefully you'll see something that overhauls the game to your favorite space setting soon."
,Recommended,419480,32476502,Posted: 16 June,all,DakkaKin,Love it
76561197992955538,Recommended,419480,32793786,Posted: 25 June,all,Arcarsenal,Mega excellent.
76561198014060755,Recommended,419480,32343128,Posted: 11 June,all,DanSkye,"10 / 10.   Camera is a nightmare to get used to , but once you got the hang of it , it's a doddle.  Love how you can just randomly drop what your doing , and head off into space to just go mine , salvage or hunt.  As i said great game , just wish they would improve the camera , esp in battle's :("
76561197973373226,Recommended,419480,32328947,Posted: 10 June,all,WindTunnelScienceGuy,"This is the game I've been waiting for.If you liked rebel galaxy, and wanted it to have more 4x/rts elements and ship variety, then this is for you.I will easilly put several hundred hours into this game.It has:Mining, Salvaging, Boarding ships to sell/salvage/fly thembuild fleets, capture territory, aquire resources, build/pillage/steal stations~100 ships of varying classes from gunships/frigates to carriers/dreadnaughtsI did NOT play the first 2 Starpoint gemini games, and i didn't miss anything as far as I can tell.Only con is cameras take a bit to get used to, default camera is♥♥♥♥♥♥ use the turret option or else you'll never be able to see anything.A+ game, and free content is coming, I love you devss!"
76561198035455848,Recommended,419480,32232134,Posted: 6 June,all,Uriel Valentine,"Game was good looked alright, but the background things like cranes and stuff look like PS2 textures.I also couldn't get into the controls.Overall its still a good game honestly, Just not for me."
,Recommended,419480,31989908,Posted: 26 May,all,Sean The Mighty Crow Hunter,"UPDATE: They fixed it! With that speedy bug fix and friendly Dev response I recommend this game fully. I'll leave the old review up so people can see why I made the update.This game is plain and simple a solid, engaging and brilliantly well-done space sim. If you enjoy the genre or want a good one to start with, this game is the game for you. Even when you don't know what you're doing, you're doing something, and you're having fun.The game world is beautiful, with complex and creative ship models; flashy, interesting space battles, with shots and missiles flying around; and an overall great design.THE OLD:This game is spectacular. It looks great and gets good frames; the gameplay is engaging and fun. However, it's super unstable. It crashes every 30min to 1hr for me. I'll continue to play the game but I can't recommend it until the constant crashing is solved."
76561198078795753,Recommended,419480,32289400,Posted: 9 June,all,15767337,this game needs some serious optimization. i have a processor of 2.6 HZ and an nvidia 970M and 16 G of ram and it still lags like hell it needs to be serioulsy optimized.
76561197984236774,Recommended,419480,32010838,Posted: 27 May,all,IceTitan,"Right well I'm going to recommend it, it's a good game, the devs deserve the support considering how active they are. How open they are to admiting mistakes and accepting great ideas and their effort to fix and make the game great as it should be.The fleet system though is it's biggest flaw and weakness. And hopefully they will bring it to a level that will make it enjoyable.For now I found ways to avoid having your fleet go ""SQUIRREL!!"" on the way to attacking and capturing bases, using T-Drives to jump straight at the base, though spawns can still occure during fights, makes it more baerable for now.The X4 aspect is slow, and expanding too fast will bite you in the♥♥♥♥♥something fierce.It has it's flaws, but not being a AAA huge, dev company is what makes this better than most games, as they actually care about their game, and actually want to make it successful and enjoyable.Anyways, for now unfortunately alot of anoying bugs and oversights that are being worked on. And knowingly will be improved."
76561198022819091,Recommended,419480,35508449,Posted: 5 October,all,animecrisis,Addictingly fun :)
76561198052917826,Recommended,419480,32151143,Posted: 3 June,all,PROBDenton,"Now i'm not gonna try and sugarcoat something that is a product we pay money for, but I feel as if even if you feel the shortcommings of this game overcome the price then that is completly fair on your part. This game has some things in it that are rather dull and boring, and of course repetitive, but what I find most promising is that in there latest update at least at this time 6/3/2017, they have already talked about an addition to some in game mechanics for free which as we know like games like hearts of iron which try to sell you dlc that well should have been in the game. Now i'm not gonna say buy this game for sure but if you have the money and you feel like supporting a company who have consitently improved there games over the years then this is the game for you."
,Recommended,419480,32049072,Posted: 29 May,all,j.warren007,All i can say is i love the game. Just wish there were some true titan style ships like their were in SPG 2. They just looked so COOL !
76561198079673472,Recommended,419480,32960501,Posted: 28 June,all,Kllaw,Dank♥♥♥♥♥
76561198038133956,Recommended,419480,33198784,Posted: 3 July,all,lunch monkay,"If anyone has ever played Astro Empires back in the day, this is like a jacked up version of that. I love the environment and the gameplay; it totally satisfied by need for controlling empires and expanding my territory. Overall, a very nice RTS with nice economy elements. I wish the gameplay scaled a little better to be less ""grindful"". Also, the game seems a little quiet after finishing the campaign...I was busy conquering things & after annihilating about half of all the factions, realized it would be quite repetitive to try & conquer the whole map (half of which you never explore because the campaign doesn't really bring you there). It's a beautiful game with lots of positives but I'd love for some more replay/continue value esp after the campaign ends. Maybe more incentive to capture the entire galaxy...haha"
76561198052740618,Recommended,419480,33269318,Posted: 5 July,all,Glade,The game is fun
76561198013914593,Recommended,419480,32573314,Posted: 19 June,all,Darknoble,"(Welcome ""Freelance players"") and if you hated that game...you most likely not like this one;)....Now that I have put in some hours I think I can give a review on this game.Im not going to give a laundry list of pros and cons to this one because some things which maybepositive or negatives may not be a fair assesment to each players tolerance for games like this so;what I will do is recomend an ""aproach"" and advice to those thinking about trying this one out.First thing is I love Mount and Blade and have put in hundreds of hours into that game...and this game is Not mount and blade in space...This game is Freelancer Refited...When you begin this game I recomend going for the heaviest armored combat ready ship availalbe( you will need it for the survivabilty and Trial and error margin) go through the proloug tuturioal that allows you to creative your Captain and Your Ship. You will then begin by game default at a space station. I Highly Advise from this point Not to rush into the further Main Mission because you will NEED to Hotkey Custom Your Ship to Your Play Style. Another words Learn your ship! Take only Low level Job missions at the Dock Space station ""salavaging Missions & Hunting down missions when you get at least level 2. Save game before each start of each one that way you can learn from your mistakes in engaging the missions.Relax and fly arround the general Area of the Space station because the learning curve is very steep...and I mean steep.Gamers who have played ""Freelancer will Understand the Camera operations...that is not a point a shoot space game but kinda like a cockpilot tactical simulation...Trust your ship...learn to ""Target enemies one at a time...gun them down slowly and Use the Turret camera to find your target. And very important you learn How to Lock your Target and activate Auto Fire..(hotkey default ""F).As you learn the strength and control of your ship you will then begin to enjoy this game and what is has to offer...I cant say that anyone not use to game like ""Freelancer"" will like this game if they run off with a light fast ship...all that will happen is they will run out fast die quickly and rage quit...Trust me this is what almost happened to me till I understood how the game wanted to be approached...With that the game is slow in the start because of the Huge Learning curve but if you are willing to learn(the game has turrioal some vids in the ship log area) check them out...you will be rewarded when u kill or board your first enemy ship.I will not say the controls in this game is best design and layout...the default settings feel clunky to me but when you custom the keys to your liking you can then beging to control the beast...because that is what the ship will feel like at the start...Well lets see what else the game has...as im still checking it out..hope this review helps..."
76561197970564454,Recommended,419480,32353090,Posted: 11 June,all,L3wt,Simply incredible. It's everything David Braben could never do. This is my new addiction.
,Recommended,419480,24575683,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,YaXuR,"Very engaging, has the basis of an absolutely amazing game; the game is in early access but there is still plenty to be getting on with, there are some minor bugs but that is to be expected, I am incredibly excited for the progression of this game as it has the 3rd and 1st person ship battles working really well and a strategic element to the game aswell with the fleets, conquest, hq upgrading, mining, resource collection and micro-managing missions. LOVE the levelling and upgrading system, there are some really cool perks in the list.There is quite a lot of travelling around to do in this game but they are working on a faster way to traverse the landscape without ruining the game by making sub-light travel pointless.So excited for the development of this game, hope this helps!Overall a fantastic start to a game that had me excited from the offset, keep an open mind with the fact that it is early access but look and what the developers are saying to us gamers, they're a great bunch with a very friendly and forthcoming view on their take and our input for the game, so the more constructive feedback you can give the better the end product!Loving the game even down to the space-like music so far! keep up the good work :)."
,Recommended,419480,32188748,Posted: 4 June,all,Ystah,It's fun but hard to get into.TLDR; only buy if you are a fan of space sim and bridge command.Thumps up because devs deserve it.
76561198062528270,Recommended,419480,32262409,Posted: 8 June,all,lance10ca,"A few hours into the campaign tutorial. I like this more than SPG.If you're a fan of SPG, the X series, Elite Dangerous, give this a a go. Worth a buy in my opinion."
76561198176311369,Recommended,419480,32568670,Posted: 19 June,all,headhunter,This game is everything I expected everspace to be this has to be one of the best space simulater on pc right now 10/10 love it
76561197982950708,Recommended,419480,32260903,Posted: 7 June,all,mutalatorred,"Great game just had a giant fleet whipped me good Lol ,only thing that needs work is the poor ai team mates not enought command options"
,Recommended,419480,32483013,Posted: 16 June,all,David Novacat,"This game has stolen my soul. It is amazing. The combat is fluid and epic, the graphics are beautiful. Everyone needs this."
,Recommended,419480,32574593,Posted: 19 June,all,Gankenstein,First review... I love this game and have enjoyed it greatly. If you've enjoyed games in the past such as Rebel Galaxy and Civ I would really recommend checking this game out.
76561198239391748,Recommended,419480,32580496,Posted: 19 June,all,gradeyshane,"Fun game, looks great and not hard to understand."
,Recommended,419480,32574212,Posted: 19 June,all,magemaster,"Pretty much ""Mount and Blade in Space"".Awesome game!"
76561197978516193,Recommended,419480,33071184,Posted: 30 June,all,Luvmuchine,There's a review button on the main menu. Totally not fishing for compliments at aaaaaaaaalllIt's a fun game though and that's what's important.
,Recommended,419480,24943467,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,ComradeWinston,"Starpoint Gemini 2 was an alright game, I generally don't touch this genre but the guys behind this respond to community feedback and certainly seem to care about making something worth sinking your time into. Warlords is essentiaklly mechanically superior to the last game by a mile, prominently featuring galactic conquest mechanics. Building fleets and taking over territory is what really takes this iteration to a whole new level. With the Steam Workshop on top of that, who knows what this can become."
76561198073142195,Recommended,419480,32356305,Posted: 11 June,all,bradhartz1,Best Single player campaign in a Space game!!
,Recommended,419480,23015519,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Snow Desuri,"What I've seen of this, I love the idea of. I've already spent a fair amount of time with this game, and while I do share some of the common complaints about things such as Travel and enemy fleet density, I find that for an Alpha, this is extremely well done.First of all, the environments are outstanding visually. I would however like to see a slightly more dynamic background. A Static flat image the show the greater deep space just kind of kills the illusion of depth and makes it feel like your kind of playing in a box. Meanwhile the debris and asteroids are well placed and kind of offset the distance issue a bit.Combat feels pretty fluid for the most part, I would however like to see a turret view where you can Aim the turret manually while the ship flies on it's own pattern. Minor detail there. Target cycling feels a little cluncky, but I've been using manutal click targeting for the most part anyway so I can't really say much on that one.What voice acting there is, seems believeable, though I do hope for some variations in the sound design a bit to make them sounds like they are coming from a com system as opposed to a person right inside the ship.Navigating the menu's is pretty easy, though the one complaint I have there is that when trying to leave say the docking menu, I tend to his esc and hit the main menu instead of being returned to space, so that might be something worth considering for the final version.In terms of hard suggestions, I'd probably say to dial back the Docking request distance of planets a bit, as the textures seem to lose all Their effect at that close range, perhaps impliment some kind of gravity well that prevents players from coming in that close to help maintain some degree of illusion that they are near a planet.The game seems pretty heavily reliant on the context sensitive menu, so perhaps a quicker transition to the menu would help to maintain immersion in the game. As it stands now it's semi Disruptive to the immersive feel of the game (Deffinatly don't eliminate it though, it's a nice touch)All in all I like where this is going. I'm eager to see the direction this game goes, and what happens to it's overall development. I'd recommend this game very much because I feel that this will be one massive beast of a space game. From what I see at the Alpha level, I can only imagine what's set to be in the final release.If the game ends with the scale and depth that this Alpha alludes to, It'll be a top notch game no matter what kind of player you are."
76561198043595039,Recommended,419480,31977795,Posted: 26 May,all,Nope,Pretty decent game overall. A lot like Starpoint Gemini 2 with some nice little new additions
,Recommended,419480,31285739,Posted: 21 April,all,DocVenture,Great game.
76561198066117282,Recommended,419480,31264768,Posted: 20 April,all,marcusb1976,Awesome!!
76561198006198755,Recommended,419480,34278021,Posted: 16 August,all,ErrolBrown,"I recommend this only if you do not require realism on a large scale or extreme customization.Think of it as a Space Sim Lite, or Space Risk.As per the banners below:Fight.Fill your capital ship capacity to max, add the remainder with little ships and enagage in a space disco, bashing and mashing your keyboard til it threatens to break.Wait a while (sometimes a long while), refil your fleet and repeat.Lead.Click Follow Fleet, Fly around space while your fleet rams you like annoying space puppies, luckily doing no damage.There's a disappointing lack of tactics. Would have liked to be able to get my carriers to hang back with the dreadnoughts on point, but ho hum.Build.Click 'Build'.Conquer.Do all of the above, a lot. Basically if it was football, score more goals than your opponent.Customize.Three types of light weapons (pew pew), three types of heavy weapons. Each hardpoint can have a mod fitted to increase an aspect of the weapon. And it is a great moment when you salvage that killer beam weapon from something you previously turned into a floating graveyard. But don't expect anything like EVE's complexity in ships or loadouts. Not even on a par with Masters of Orion I.Overall it will keep you amused if you do not have a ton of time to spend choosing the type of washers you will fit to your run-arounds rear port auxiliary modulizer.50 hours is plenty of time to complete the main plotline. Then you can start again from one of the pre-fabbed starting scenarios instead of having a nascent empire at your beck and call.But it doesn't seem worth it tbh....."
76561198006625677,Recommended,419480,31971049,Posted: 26 May,all,mattmios,"It is a great game, beautiefully made and (in comparison to X3 or EVE) easier to learn.You have a few RPG elements in the form of skills and traits, to influence your character.The steering is easy and the universe (actually a binary system) feels big and open.Also there is a great Starwars Mod in the works ..."
76561198059779495,Recommended,419480,23121735,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,chenghmong,"I really love the concept.  It's like elite dangerous had a baby with sins of a solar empire.   Basically it's a RTS game that's extremely slow paced, yet extremely large, without any of that rock-paper-scissors type of rts mechanics."
76561198077947417,Recommended,419480,33491496,Posted: 12 July,all,FreePrisoner,A+++Seller shipped quickly and transaction was smooth.  Would buy from again!
,Recommended,419480,34216989,Posted: 13 August,all,Emperor Solaris,MEEP!
76561198007711431,Not Recommended,419480,32135890,Posted: 2 June,all,Goillananoge,"Buggy as hell.  The proxima mission has so many bugs, events wont trigger, enemy capital ships take no damage and the devs seem to ignore it.  It is impossible to progress thus unplayable."
76561198075932501,Recommended,419480,25309659,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,N7_shadow,i find it hard to keep to it with so much yet to be added but i have to say what you can do is alot of fun. cant wait to see more.
,Recommended,419480,32013146,Posted: 27 May,all,Jobama,smoke dat dank kush
76561198023552863,Recommended,419480,31924980,Posted: 23 May,all,Sewer Rat,"the Guns are working kinda odd... on the Fire at Will, the guns dont even fire when the enemy is either right infront of you, or behind, so I have to turn the ship to odd angles to get them to fire couple of times before the ship forcefully redirects itself to where the guns dont fire again. Maybe a bug or Glitch?For review now... GET THE GAME!! GET IT... NOW! JUST DO IT!!!Seriously, its worthwhile."
76561198009772388,Recommended,419480,32345679,Posted: 11 June,all,Smoke_ya_good,"WOW i love this game way better then SPG2 and so much more to do like fleet ship constuction, base construction, base and fleet tasks and awsome skill tree research way better.visuals have improved dramatically and wow some of the places and stunning to look at i love to fly around and see the nebulas 10/10 visual guys great job.Game play has improved like raiding ships you no longer have to go back to dock to refill they auto fill every couple of minutes THANK YOU omg so much better.ships and research made this so much better to upgrade and get sweet weapons 10/10 for research Merica ♥♥♥♥ YA!Well done buys i love this game best space sim shooter so far!! :-)"
76561198045116051,Recommended,419480,33208488,Posted: 3 July,all,Master Stargrave,Love it!! tones of stuff to do and game play
76561198038451692,Recommended,419480,32345150,Posted: 11 June,all,Spuddie,"Aside from it being hard to follow the main questline - and/or find where a quest tracker is located - I love the game !!! Great graphics, awesome changes from the last one, down right easy to jump in too !!"
76561198258497919,Recommended,419480,33008263,Posted: 29 June,all,fastgamer2,"Awesome game, worth its money, see other reviews to learn more, too busy with playing xD"
,Recommended,419480,32497029,Posted: 17 June,all,Set-115689,I found the game interesting. There were some good battles and interesting ship designs. Reminded me of flying an m7 in x3.
,Recommended,419480,32558011,Posted: 18 June,all,☾ SPQR ☽ SomeRandomStarWarzFan,"Heres my review of the game, lets start from my begginings: At first I started off just playing the story mode to get to know the game, it was a bit strange. But it was fun. My computer was strangely having lag problems my first and second day of playing it. Now it just suddenly stopped for no reason at all (which is cool, of course) I use some mods like the Star Wars ship mods. You might want to fix your ships in the fleet crashing into you (because my fleet is mostly smaller ships, while im a battleship)Overall I love the game so far, keep making this game better and betterI rate the game 9.5/10"
,Recommended,419480,33161052,Posted: 2 July,all,tonoId,Pretty good. I'd value it around 20-25$
76561198009185737,Recommended,419480,22511926,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,lrii,10 minutes of stuck at the loading screen on the lowest settings and I meet recomended. I really want to give a good review I love the series but nothing is letting me even try to play the early access.****update****After they patched recently it is fun just like previous starpoint gemini if your a fan of the series its worth the money. I expect bugs to be had but it is playable.
76561198000028539,Recommended,419480,31992889,Posted: 27 May,all,Buzz_NL,.
76561198062863012,Recommended,419480,34193080,Posted: 12 August,all,lykynz,Game is silky smooth.  A couple minor setting issues but otherwise a great title.  Devs are friendly and helpful.  I definitely recommend!
76561198103980186,Recommended,419480,32061521,Posted: 30 May,all,FriendZone,why not ?
,Recommended,419480,22854008,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,❗️❗️ Annex ❗️❗,Very good first impression.
76561198056631582,Recommended,419480,22804519,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Major Artyom,10/10 would play again
,Recommended,419480,32004642,Posted: 27 May,all,LastOfHisName,Where are the black people?
76561198259538124,Recommended,419480,25185545,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,LoneStarATX,I like the game but i feel like the controls are a bit hard on KB.Dont like that every ship is faster than you and you cannot keep it on you screen.Ill wait a bit longer to see the new updates for this game.Looks like an awesome game just need to wait a bit longer for the awesomeness to kick in. For me atleast.
76561198040421286,Recommended,419480,25224875,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Jearicho,"SOOO MUCH POTENTIAL!  What little the Alpha offers you is a good taste, and is no doubt capable of being the only 1 stop shop for Space RTS themes, other titles after playing this game will actually feel superior, and you will feel without once experiancing the Star Points Greatest Game yet to come!"
76561198078597187,Recommended,419480,32351585,Posted: 11 June,all,athos_genecis,very good
76561197973152564,Recommended,419480,24626703,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,sofa_king_sick,"I purchased and have been playing since the early alpha was released.  Excellent progress for early alpha!  The game has been fun from the beginning, with each update bringing more features online and squashing more bugs.  If you enjoyed Freelancer or have enjoyed other titles such as Rebel Galaxy, Starpoint Gemini Warlords will be everything you're looking for.  Give LGM some time to really polish this diamond if you don't have patience for early alpha bugs and you'll be happy you did!"
76561197985448866,Recommended,419480,25511049,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Ghost,"Even though this is the alpha I had a blast playing it, there are a few adjustment needed to made but overall it's a great game. Looking forward to the realease date :)"
76561198136461489,Recommended,419480,28658947,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,BonesOfBurden,"Edit 12/27After looking into the forums, the developer is more hands-on than I realized. I still wish there were more frequent, downloaded updates. It is great that the developers communicate with the fanbase, but physical updates demonstrate real progress. I will also mention that the game is not optimized at all. I understand this is EA, but I barely achieved 25 FPS on my gaming rig (which has a GTX 980M) on medium settings. I was able to acheive 60 FPS when the game first released (I purchased within 2 days of being in EA).I hope optimization of the game continues.However, I will update my recommendation."
76561198036759267,Recommended,419480,23332054,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Cpt Splifffler bitskins.com,"I absolutley love what they are trying to do but it needs quiet a bit of work it has a few bugs and fighting certain ships is a bit different cause of the enhancements and upgrades, so get ready to get your butt kicked a few times lols but its fun cant wait for the next update and hoping for the best, very impressed so far, Good Job :)"
76561198112654332,Recommended,419480,26729232,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,TheAlmighty1,"I'm runing a GTX 960 n 8GB Ram n this is whats happening.........After 3 hours of play it started lagging then it crashed, I took the vsync off, it lagged n crashed even more (as expected) vsync back on n it crashes constantly, I can't get my fleet to join me (out alone having to fight by myself against 8 enemy ships) ya'v no chance, weapons are weak.Also a control would be welcome (like in Starpoint Gemini 2 which I have) rather than straining my wrists trying to control the ship.It would be a great game if these n other issues were fixed.After playing for bout 13 hrs i've had to change my mind bout this game n change my review from a Negative to a Positive, the issues still remain but it can still be played in a slightly limited capacity (don't use the shockwave) lol"
,Not Recommended,419480,22428152,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Birdy / Firouzeh,"It's just not there. The devs tried their best, but yeah I dunno. Their previosu game feels prettier (feels like the space is more full somehow) and plays much better. I don't like the strategic grinding aspect of this game. Sad as I looked forward to it.Haven't tried the DLCs."
,Recommended,419480,30849692,Posted: 31 March,all,Gjøvik,"This game was disappointing in early access but more than made up for it when the full version was out.The story mode could have been a little longer but was still good.The controls are easy to use be it flying your ship or ordering your fleets around. The menus don't make you drill down to find anything, usually they are only a few clicks away. Only improvement I can think of there would be allowing you to reorder your research queue. Just a minor headache.Cloaking devices are sweet. I like sneaking up on ships while cloaks and sending my marines to take them over. Heck of a lot of fun. If you're running low on cash you can use this to generate some income."
76561197994321686,Recommended,419480,34220115,Posted: 13 August,all,markelphoenix,"Resolution of game issue achieved, fun game"
76561198073931344,Recommended,419480,23341832,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Funkyman8887,"The only other starpoint game I have played was starpoint gemini 2, and I haven't gotten that far into the game but I still liked it. When I heard that Warlords was available I went to buy it at the first opportunity, after checking the system requirements because of my slightly obsolete pc (3.2GHz). In the first 50 minutes of playing this game on the lowest quality, I was amazed by what I had played so far. The only complaint I have is the fact that the game was somewhat laggy even on the lowest settings but since this is an early access game I will let that slide as I hope for some optimisation updates in the future. Or I get enough money for a better CPU. Either way works.EDIT: Turns out it was my GPU, not CPU. Still need an upgrade but the game runs MUCH better, making the game even more enjoyable."
76561197987772532,Recommended,419480,31937168,Posted: 24 May,all,sensej.pl,Once again .. awesome !!!
76561197963413634,Recommended,419480,32275520,Posted: 8 June,all,Nox,"Fun to play, resembles eve online to a certain degree. Total freedom to play the way you want, several different starts. You can be trader, a planet desroyer, a bounty hunter or even a cool guy with several factions to ally or exploit.I feel it like a single player eve-online.  all i wanted for a space sim game"
,Not Recommended,419480,31936657,Posted: 24 May,all,- Abby Sciuto,"Short playtime I know, but the camera is really awkward to deal with, in the regular mode the angle is off so the crosshair you see doesn't point towards the ship's heading, turret view while having a better view, is ruined by having it follow the ship's rotation and what not, so if you want to keep something centered, you have to keep adjusting the camera and in a game like this, I don't even remotely like that, I was hoping the camera would control like Freelancer or games like it."
76561198012146731,Recommended,419480,32271138,Posted: 8 June,all,Dyderich,Pretty decent game so far....would love to be able to command more vessels from the paltry 31K you are allowed :P
76561198043330923,Not Recommended,419480,33151484,Posted: 2 July,all,Razguul,This game is still buggy as hell and should not have been released. Either devs knew it wasn't finished and released it anyway or they are really lousy programmers and didn't have a clue  that there were still hundreds of bugs. Just ANOTHER greedy developer releasing a game way before it's ready to try to increase sales.
,Not Recommended,419480,30714777,Posted: 24 March,all,Jimmyv,"Unfortunatly for me, the biggest part of the game (for me), the ""lead"" part is not very good right now, and so far I have not seen systems that will make it much better later on either.The first major issue here is how slowly you get one of the main resources called minerals, everything else you will be doing great, but minerals will hault your progression 24/7, needing to sit and wait, or go do some very boring activities that will get you some, but not much.The next issue is the AI, I spend hours making my fleet only to have it destroyed within 2 minutes of fighting because the fleet is not actually doing much in the fight, and refuses to retreat even after I order it away, the fleet won't leave until the enemies are all destroyed, which means they are fairly useless, as you will never want to bring them along as they suck in a fight, and won't retreat, so when you bring them to bigger fights (esspeially the ""destruction"" missions) they will just get wiped out within a minute or two, and there goes all your time you spent on making the fleet.And my final issue is connected to the AI, when I get into a fight and I have my fleet following me, they never seem to actually show up until the fight is almost done, even though on the map they are right on top of me, they are nowhere in sight and I just don't get why they don't actually show up to help when I have them following me for that very purpose sometimes.I won't go into actual faction managment (as their is almost none to speak of aside from the HQ) but it's also not great. All in all it's a decent game, but the big thing that got me interested currently kinda sucks, and until the ""lead"" part of this game gets better, or I start seeing them talk about how they are going to fix or impliment new systems to it, I won't really recommend this to people. Will probbaly be better in the future, but probably never to the point I wish it were at."
76561197976061836,Recommended,419480,32290208,Posted: 9 June,all,Max Steiner,"I just really like this series. If I have one ""gripe"" it would be that many ships should look more functional than they do. Many construction looks a bit weird to put it that way, with ""tentacles"" or constructions putruding out in strange forms without any obvious practical reasons. Iv just started Warlords so things may change but many ships looks like they where designed by a guy on acid, lol. The ships i liked the most in SPG2 wasnt nessesairly the best ship, they just looked like bulky machines of war. No Mardi Gras theatrics. That said, I love this game."
76561198286230627,Recommended,419480,35506807,Posted: 5 October,all,xboggs360,great game alot better than i expected!
76561198259896274,Not Recommended,419480,31195598,Posted: 17 April,all,Twilight,"Simply can't recommand this one yet.Strange control mapping-as we all know mouse can just take the place of wasd to adjust the heading. And this wasd setting make the dog fighting totally messed up.The optimization is incredibly bad. Well, it's probably my own problem though.The game is kinda nice overall , waiting for future update of performance optimization. Unless you're a super fan of space fighting, I don't recommand you to purchase now. Anyway, I like the setting, though.6/10 as an early access game"
,Recommended,419480,31966323,Posted: 25 May,all,Southpaw,"Fun space sim, not overly complex but still has many features"
,Recommended,419480,31965182,Posted: 25 May,all,Damion Foster,"Good game, great modability. looking forward to see what both the devs and modders do with the game!"
,Not Recommended,419480,32230823,Posted: 6 June,all,NerdRage_BombShelter,I'm a little dissappointed... I expected more thrills and there is just soooooo much clicking through stupid conversations. There are too many easy ways to get around and combat seems a bit boring. :(
76561197998484379,Recommended,419480,32632523,Posted: 21 June,all,Acidic,very good game
,Not Recommended,419480,32326090,Posted: 10 June,all,Admiral Hentai Siscon,"Crash after crash after crash after crash in the north eastern parts of the map. large fleet battles cause your game to crash, T drive travel causes your game to crash, sublight drive through asteroid or junk fields will cause your game to crash.So for now? Do not buy."
76561198072602140,Not Recommended,419480,32189247,Posted: 4 June,all,Multipass,Controls make the game unplayable
76561198014464290,Not Recommended,419480,32710802,Posted: 23 June,all,andragoras,"I played SPG2 and was looking forward to this game.  I did not play beta, and waited until it was ""finished"" to purchase.They've kept the capture other ships feature and allow you to progess with skill trees that make it more successful than before.  I'm undecided on whether this makes it too easy or not to capture another ship.  In the past game the AI would cut and run if they were going to be boarded, and grappling and some fancy flying were the only way to cap a ship.  This is no longer present.  It feels really dumbed down and too easy.  Just increase your skill level and congratulations, you can cap any ship you want with some trial and error.The warlords aspect is a good idea, but not fully fleshed out.  You can make treaties and break them at will, with very little consequences.  Enemy too tough of inconvenient?  Make a treaty, wait and then attack them when you are ready.  Don't have proxima?  Capture all of an enemies borders and then ally them and wait until the end of the game.  This is broken and severely impacts difficulty and enjoying the game.Resource hunting starts out great, but quickly beoomes monotonous.  You can't set up your civ fleets to automatically focus on a particular resource.  You have to change screens, pick a bunch of individual tasks and click send. The problem is the resource bonuses are too small and they reoccur too often.  You are constantly switching between ship view and the star chart.   Eventually you will only pick a resource task if you are on the same screen because you need to fly somewhere.The campaign is a lackluster string of go here, scan this, and defend/attack tasks.  You will finish the campaign and be like wtf, that was it?  No creativity whatsoever.  It is a reflection of waiting to add campaign in the last cycle before releasing the game.  Voice acting is sparse and inconsistent.  The dialogue options are about as interesting as plain white bread.  No branching dialogue options, just a linear path of click and read.  You can't do any real conquest until you finish the campaign, so either the title is crap, or they have yet to add a the rest of the story.As you can imagine I'm pretty put out by this game.  I played it pretty heavily, hoping for something that would be more than the SPG2.  To the devs credit, they have done something impressive with a flight sim that crosses with a conquest game, mixing in RPG elements.  I really, really wanted to like this game but it just feels unfinished and the elements of the game do not complement eachother.  I remember feeling the same way about their previous game and was willing to give them a second try.Perhaps they will continue to add content and this game will finally come together.  Until then, I would say wait.  If you liked SPG2, this game is worth a buy at a discount."
76561198017946533,Not Recommended,419480,32322615,Posted: 10 June,all,Dogishappy,"crashes a lot, i will get cutscenes for missions that i never triggered that often result in the game breaking, space combat is super clauserphobic, 1,000% too much grinding and resource gathering, the tactical overlay has less information than the previous game and no zoom level exists to see everything for larger ships, some cutscenes have voice acting yet many dont, the map is far too large (SG2 map x16), and the story is compleatly throw away."
76561198071404060,Recommended,419480,32758113,Posted: 24 June,all,Balázs,"it's pretty good, i guess"
76561197989383204,Recommended,419480,31960183,Posted: 25 May,all,Xira,This is the X3 we've all been waiting for. An updated X3 with new graphics and new functions.
76561198248397722,Recommended,419480,32518356,Posted: 17 June,all,devildog,good game
,Recommended,419480,32530975,Posted: 18 June,all,Daniel.Drache,Alot of fun
,Recommended,419480,32399658,Posted: 13 June,all,40s & Blunts,What's up women I am playing this game right now as I write this review and that should tell you something. These devs are serious and this game shows it.My complaints are these:Too much empty space and flying in a straight line doing nothing. That's what I'm doing right now and I bet I can write the whole thing before I get to my destination.The controls are weird everyone says this. I don't know how you'd do them better but they really suck. It feels like you gotta pin a writhing weird dude down to give him his medication but instead of medication you are playing space and instead of a crazy greased-up dude you are ♥♥♥♥ing with a UI and weird keybourd and mouse.Okay just checked still haven't got to my destination but I'm almost there. Pretty much says it all what can I say.FULL DISCLOSURE I got this game for free bc the devs are europeans but can't get weed in their country bc of putin so I ship em that♥♥♥♥♥♥free of charge I don't care about the money I just love cannabis.
76561198006686884,Recommended,419480,32046014,Posted: 29 May,all,[ IDF ] ☢☣Blackbearn☣☢,nice game!!!!!!
76561198005704328,Recommended,419480,31360623,Posted: 25 April,all,rohan,"Trade, fight, mine, and build a solar empire.If that's the type of game you like playing then this is for you."
76561198024848838,Recommended,419480,31829204,Posted: 18 May,all,Lordhoth444,Fun space rpg/rts game so far
76561198033350195,Recommended,419480,32232426,Posted: 6 June,all,shadowfoxren,Only problem iv been seeing is larg fleets not staying in formation.
,Recommended,419480,24562301,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Eric Cartman,"I'm now 7 hours into the official release and I must say, the developers did a really great job here. It is a beautifull game full of atmosphere. There is lots to do, like ;freeroaming, jobs, mining, story missions, research, shipbuilding, etc but most of all, expanding.There are 3 resources needed to build everything, that is ore, gas and materials. You can collect these by constructing collectors around your territory on predetermined spots aswell as through civilian missions among others. Surrounded by other (unfriendly) empires you must take over territories to expand your color across the map (Important). Not only are you turning the map a better color, your color, you can also then build new stuff in those area's.It is also important to defend your territories with fleets you build. As a matter of fact, I just took over a territory, then decided to go on a main mission. Within 4 minutes I saw an enemy fleet approaching and taking back my newly conquered territory. They don't sit still!I will edit this review as I get more playtime. For now though, it's definitely recommended if you're into space, rpg, strategy. A great mix!"
76561197986629379,Not Recommended,419480,31943758,Posted: 24 May,all,Vali,"Its has a nice blend of fps and strategy, there is bugs of courseIt seems very difficult to get into, but i was surprised how easy it wasThe game seems half. Without much endgame content, maybe i am missing something.. Or maybe it fits fine with their fast release of a paid DLC that adds features that would have fit fine in the original game.I wont recommend it right now. I predict many paid DLCs that adds small features. Maybe its worth it on sale."
76561198006939633,Recommended,419480,24427033,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,chicolandscape,good game still in early access
,Recommended,419480,31945169,Posted: 24 May,all,chzbrgla,"Can be a bit of a grind, but great fun. controls take time to get used to"
76561197971316077,Recommended,419480,31947151,Posted: 25 May,all,White,A great game
76561198074577892,Not Recommended,419480,30663816,Posted: 21 March,all,alden222,So far so good after 15 hours of bug free playing. Would like to see better gas extraction numbers versus the time to extrat.Not good with over 50 hours played. Constantly have to restart to get the computer ram into something not threatening (8GB)Game has some serious memory creep. Acts as though it uses computer ram rather than graphics rram (4GB). Dangerously close to topping (90% ram) out the longer you play. Game also freezes at random. I have a gaming machine and I've never seen this happen before with any game (+60).Tried the planetary assault...not impressed with this at all. You fight to eliminate all ships only to find that 150 to 200 ships still exist after you summon?wtf? Not exactly the explicitive I used at the time. I almost broke my new headphones.
76561198072397048,Not Recommended,419480,32744648,Posted: 24 June,all,getchomablayo,The controls and camera are god awful. Was really excited about it as the game looks great.
76561197986314693,Recommended,419480,26723615,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,LooseSpoon,The game is fun to a point.. As it stands it lacks some of it's old functions.In time the game will grow. I feel the game has been released too soon. I did enjoy the first one.
76561197961415346,Not Recommended,419480,32058501,Posted: 30 May,all,Devoras,"The controls are fairly awkward, and the game seems to be missing any form of target assist that helps you to determine where you need to aim to 'lead' the target and actually hit it. Trying to hit something while it's moving around incredibly quickly around you is practically impossible, it's hard enough maneuvering around just so you can keep your badly placed turrets in an arc where they can even shoot. This means you are forced to use the automatic firing to have any chance, and thus you're barely even playing a game, it's almost all automated. Travel times are quite slow.I also found myself blocked by progressing through the campaign on the mission where you first get your corvette(like the third mission I think), as the enemies you face(on default difficulty) are so powerful the weapons you have do literally nothing to them. It's a little strange, as there's only the one ship you can reasonably buy at the time and it can't do anything; it's possible I just chose the wrong class at the start, the stealth one, and so didn't have enough firepower to hurt the enemy. A freeform game may not have this problem, but the campaign balance is off a bit.I don't know if any of the strategic layer is good or not, as I didn't reach that point."
,Recommended,419480,24500957,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Limey21,"Looking very good for a EA game, seems to be a gem in the rough so to speak."
,Recommended,419480,32519803,Posted: 17 June,all,Skyblade,Yes
76561198280585741,Recommended,419480,30943973,Posted: 4 April,all,845769019,We need Chinese!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,419480,33123631,Posted: 2 July,all,Squidcake,"it's SPG2, but even better!"
76561198003312996,Not Recommended,419480,32011136,Posted: 27 May,all,djmulcahy,"At its core, it seems to be a solid space sim... but the controls are ridiculous.  Enemies are bouncing around like crazy while you're trying to juggle horrible keyboard and mouse controls with your camera flying around.  I tried adjusting the controls, slowing down the mouse, changing key binds... and I managed to make it almost playable.  The devs should have slowed down the action and adopted more tactical Eve-like controls, or kept it at its current speed and just scrapped the current system for something less clunky.  As it is, I'm pretty much done."
,Not Recommended,419480,33524233,Posted: 13 July,all,Massic,"I have found the ""storyline"" so far to be bland and poorly written, there is very little to convey to the player who each of the characters are or why we should care. There's a story there, but it's running as a footnote to ""Go here, turn of auto-fire, sell loot, repeat"".The controls feel awkward, while interia is present the rate of turn in your ship's direction of travel is still quite high. Most of the combat feels automated and one of the bigger draws to the 4X space game imo is the ability to board other ships, which in this game has its interface block your power allocation window which just seems to be rediculously poor design.This isn't their first go at this sort of game (obviously) and the improvements from StarPointGemini2 are purely cosmetic.It may have taken inspiration from; Freelancer, Wing Commander and/or the X series, but it fails to capture what I found enjoyable about those games; Story, Combat, and Freedom and plays as a single player MMO in space..."
,Recommended,419480,31919853,Posted: 23 May,all,Saber84,"Fatastic addition to the Gemini line, its come a long long way since early beta. the scale/depth/mechanics add untold hours of gameplay. Keep up the good work."
76561198052109716,Recommended,419480,25942387,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Sarumoon,"I have no idea.. What? Who cares give them money it's LGM why are we even discussing this? Game will be amazing, they just need your money to make it, so go buy it. What are you gonna do, go buy Mafia 3? Give 2K some money? No.. I'll review the game when it comes out, till then, I'm telling you, you can trust them with your money. They will even babysit your kids.Edit. Told you so."
,Recommended,419480,33089902,Posted: 1 July,all,El Ilegal,Excellent game.
,Recommended,419480,23605611,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Bane Train,"First off, if all the signs aren't clear enough... THIS GAME IS IN EARLY ACCESSSecondly, updates are monthly, where they drip feed us contentThat is till last week or so where we were blessed with 2 within a week or soSo anyhoes onto the game:Freaking amazing on paper, currently implemented well, Devs are really onto it online with helping out with queries and the like, as well as taking suggestions.Building your spacestation is amazing. I currently own like almost 1/6th or so of the map.Conquering is easy if you have a solid fleet. Areas are packed with ships sometimes, overwhelmingly enemy ships.As long as you constantly look at your map, you can find places of interest as well as enemy structures.If you work heaps like me I recommend a little afk gaming, just to help with getting resources, because it can be very expensive.Missing plenty of content but as I said earlier Early Access game so yeahScrew all that pen is mightier than the sword crap... Imma bash some alien skulls or whatever they areOh and kudos on the ships, they look freaking sick. I didnt like a single ship design in SG2 (not that I played it long enough to see them all) so I'm loving the new art direction.Ps. Devs youre amazing keep up the good work"
,Recommended,419480,30096419,Posted: 22 February,all,Nexus,"It's getting there, really quickly!"
76561197970607311,Not Recommended,419480,32571271,Posted: 19 June,all,Flopy,Game still has dialogues that are not finished. Keyboard and mouse controls are horrible even game pad control does not work well. Ship & character portraits styles don't mix well. All this makes the game experience horrible.All in all this game does not feel finished. Which is quite sad. Was looking forward for Starpoint Gemini Warlords.If you you are still interested wait for sales and grab it cheap.
,Not Recommended,419480,32054790,Posted: 29 May,all,Elektro Fox,"Everything about the game feels outdated. Horrible PC controls, couldn't get into an even slightly enjoyable vibe. Not for me."
,Not Recommended,419480,32801630,Posted: 25 June,all,Rusyn,"Tl;dr: Great on paper, falls flat. Pick it up on sale.***At first, it excited me, but now I find it boring. The combat is pretty lackluster: whichever side has more/bigger ships has the better odds of winning, and if you choose to participate yourself, it amounts to keeping the side of your ship with the highest shields toward the enemy while running a rather droll cooldown rotation.Empire management consists of opening your Starchart to click on various icons to send out civilian fleets to do jobs for you. Sounds cool, but it's really just a timer that you have to manually reset by opening your Starchart every few minutes, and it really just breaks up the gameplay for ho-hum tedium. You can't automate it as far as I can tell.As per usual in the SG games, the voice acting is horrendous and the story is bland. Player decisions seem to have little impact on how events unfold: you may have a specific perk that allows your unvoiced player character to say something *slightly different* than if you hadn't. *Maybe* you'll be able to pick up an extra Warlord earlier in the game, or bypass a fight just to end up having to fight anyway a little while down the line.Nothing in the game really seems to have much weight, the graphics look like they're being run on a PS2, and it's just... The game simply *isn't* what it's obviously trying to be.Pick it up on a *very* generous markdown."
76561198055920323,Recommended,419480,31363624,Posted: 25 April,all,Losvarkie,BEstes game eva
76561198005655422,Not Recommended,419480,32894386,Posted: 27 June,all,Necroti,"You've got a great skeleton here, but there's no meat on the bones. SGW is little more than a shallow sandbox.(although still worlds better than NMS)I picked this up back when it first entered EA but I decided to refund it as it was a bugged, almost unplayable mess. Which is expected of a game in EA(sadly), but I couldn't play without getting sucked into a wormhole lane and spat out far from where I needed to be every other mission(not to mention that when that would happen it made me physically sick as the camera would freak out). I picked this up again seeing as it had left EA and had good reviews(which is pretty rare these days) but little did I realize that not much had changed, relatively polished it may be.Basically you run repetitive freelance missions while waiting*** to get enough resources to build a fleet and then your free to steam roll the map. ***Yes, you have to wait for resources to come to you, like a mobile game with timers. Sure you can mine and salvage all you like, but the gain is so minute that your better off spending time running those repetitive freelance missions and getting credits for your next ship.Factions in the game dont seem to serve any purpose other than to patrol there own borders while rarely venturing beyond to take an outpost. AI fleets randomly appear and don't seem to adhere to the same rules as the player in terms of fleet size cap or needing resources(I could be wrong here). The player can engage in politics(raising and lowering rep will lead to an automatic alliance or open hostilities respectively, you can also war dec or make peace but thats the extent of it) but the AI will never change there stance towards another(AI). Come to think of it, I've not seen the AI attack one of those big space stations either.Once you gain access to cruisers there's little point in building ships of the escort tier. There's little to no point in using anything other than railguns. Exploration is as pointless as gathering resources yourself. Going it as a trader is also pointless. It's so time consuming with such little pay off that again, you're better off running those repetitive freelance missions.I want to like this game and I could go on but I feel I've made my point. As a final note I'll just state; 45.9 hours played since re-purchasing, about 2/3 of which were instances where I left the game running in order to wait for resource gain to build a fleet... Which as a dev is something you always want to make your players do, right? >.>"
,Recommended,419480,31945566,Posted: 24 May,all,Ableman,So far so good!
76561198052038894,Not Recommended,419480,32736836,Posted: 24 June,all,this42,"After discovering this game I was very exited to play it, since I love space (sim) games and the rating are mostly very positive. Played X series for a long time, played freelancer, etc...At first it looked promising to me... open world, different missions, trading, etc...I've played this game now for ~16h. I'm at a cruiser class ship now... and what to say... this game is a huge disappointmet for me.Here are my pros and cons:PRO:- nice graphics,- nice ship designs and quite a number of themCONS:- weird controls- battles are confusing as hell... mostly flying in circles, turrents fire at will..., no interface for getting any kind of overview- balancing is non exiting... (cannot do any more missions besides transport because i simply get overrung by enemies 20:1)- useless AI fleets, should follow me -> but are everywhere, not with me- civil fleed tasks are just boring: open map, click, click, click -> repeat- upgrading outposts is useless, enemy just spawns stronger fleets...- interface for managing ship equipment is totally confusing...- ...I can't understand why this game has so high user raiting. I've stopped playing it, because it's just frustrating :("
,Not Recommended,419480,31988882,Posted: 26 May,all,MaelTec,"Its still very buggy right now. I cant even finish the 3rd story mission because an anomaly is right ontop of the transport shipI need to select, so it only selects the anomaly. There is barely any messages or tutorials that tell you how to play the game or do certain things. Youll have to pause and scour the internet if you want to learn how to play. From what I see, this could very well be an amazing game but I havent experienced a huge majority of it because of bugs and lack of a tutorial."
76561198021137030,Recommended,419480,30895685,Posted: 2 April,all,大技霸瓦兹马卡,做任务、招人、抢劫、征服、经营，宇宙版骑马与砍杀！非常赞！另外还是要说：星际公民就是个坑
76561197974800414,Not Recommended,419480,33047732,Posted: 30 June,all,Turbolaser,Still chugs on a PC above recommended specs after normal release. Beware.
76561198197345018,Not Recommended,419480,32793917,Posted: 25 June,all,stevensl,"Played for 2 hours. Like others have said, I also found the controls to be very poor. Trying to maintain eye contact on enemy ships is impossible. Most of the time you are fighting the controls, rather than enemy pilots. Refunded. Love Steam!"
76561198005220043,Not Recommended,419480,32774147,Posted: 25 June,all,arakinas,"I really dislike the way the controls are handled. The combat is crap. You can't respond quickly enough to fight effectively while targetting a single enemy, requiring you to use the auto turrets, which isn't very effective. You can never see what you are fighting because you can't manuever around to see them, so you're constantly chasing an arrow on the screen that indicate the direction its in. Tried going through the campaign, but it's ridiculous. The most useful help for combat at all that I've found online is ""turn your good shields towards fire"". That'd be great if that didn't keep you from being able to even use auto fire in most cases."
76561198017076013,Not Recommended,419480,34022657,Posted: 4 August,all,Texelion,"I don't know why but almost everything in this game is worse than Starpoint Gemini 2. The UI is a huge mess with a lot of missing info, the HUD sucks, they changed the distance scale and multiplied all the prices by 10, missions are buggy, enemies just destroy you from the beginning, you have to go to a station to get repetitive missions instead of having them appear on the map which encouraged exploration, and I think there is even more typos than in the first one.The ship turns a lot faster, as do the enemies, which really doesn't help understand what's happening during combat. And gone are the colors and nice icons helping you understand some stuff, now everything is blue. And everything is designed to make you waste your time. You must scavenge a ship and retrieve some data ? Yeah sure, but the ""client"" doesn't know which ship it is so they make you scavenge 10 ships before randomly finding the good one. Just stupid.From what I've read a lot of people gave feedbacks during the Early Access, and the devs listened to them and made the game worse. As an example, I watched the video tutorial about enemy HUD, which must have been made early in development : the hud is clear, shields are blue, and there is a green bar indicating the hull of the enemy ship. But in the game it's not like this anymore, the reticule is all red, shields are red, and the hull bar is gone, replaced by a tiny percentage number. And compared to all the info we had in SPG2, it's ridiculously uninformative.On the good side, you can choose your character instead of having to play a set hero, you can save without being docked to a station, and the ships are more customizable than before. Everything also looks better and more detailed of course, but that's not the most important, and it's kinda expected in a new iteration of the game.Also the ""roleplay"" aspect where you can choose several options during dialogue is nice. Being able to hail a ship and ask them to surrender instead of just shooting at them right away is the kind of thing missing in most games of the genre.But I guess I'll just give up and play SPG2 instead. Warlords has too many problems to be enjoyed."
76561198349417234,Not Recommended,419480,30983669,Posted: 6 April,all,mickeybarrow13,"was realy excited when first got game.... but after some time with it, that quickly turnt to disappointment. its has everything going for it... yet , the controls are awful!!! due to this the game becomes a jumbled mess, makes combat a chore, it feels as if you have no control over your ship, and all you end up doingis scrambling around the screen hoping your auto fire can at least land one shot. so its hard to recommend a game based on flight combat that inturn takes away all your control. a real let down."
76561198044701740,Not Recommended,419480,33485346,Posted: 12 July,all,adamsrealm,"Good Idea. But it is NOT a finished game. Not even close. Features are extremely basic and lack any sort of meaningful way to flesh out your invested time, leaving very little to do ingame. The UI is minimal, ABSOLUTELY MINIMAL. So there is no control over the game, it's just a fly & shoot game.You know a game is not well polished when you can earn money more quickly and easily with a freighter than bounty hunting. Not skill required at all.This is a typical instance where a game has been designed for release on both console and PC and as a result lacks mosts of the features that would be possible on the PC platform due to the limitations imposed by console controls.DO. NOT. BUY. THIS. GAME. UNTIL. THE. DEVS. HAVE. FINISHED. IT.Buy Starpoint Gemini 2, at least it's a finished and slightly better polished game."
76561197972448853,Recommended,419480,31908890,Posted: 22 May,all,ebodenhoef,This is a fun space combat game with the ability to level up your captain and build an empire.
76561198105809988,Not Recommended,419480,32032879,Posted: 28 May,all,matthewmetcalf170,"I can not start the game it just loads the settings, play and support bottons but when i hit play it just brings me back to the same bottons"
76561198006648591,Not Recommended,419480,32768160,Posted: 25 June,all,Madnuss,Combat is fubar....total clusterf*ck !.
,Not Recommended,419480,32758048,Posted: 24 June,all,ManBearPig,All it took was 15mins for me to realise i hate the controls. They are overly complicated and overly cumbersome. I was looking forward to a game like Rebel Galaxy with mount and blade but straight away i can tell with the awkward camera and firing its nothing like Rebel Galaxy.
76561198041102376,Not Recommended,419480,32766709,Posted: 25 June,all,Rywen,"controls are so bad nothing else even matters, refunded within an hour"
76561198032083941,Not Recommended,419480,33478321,Posted: 12 July,all,Mozzy,"Review from no experience w/ early access POV - 1 star out of 5Long time SPG fan and played ~400+ hours of SPG2 - vanilla and modded. Loved it and eagerly awaited SPGW launch.However, I decided to wait until full launch and did not partake any part of early access. Therefore, this review is from the pov of someone familiar with the SPG franchise, but no knowledge or prior impressions from EA.TLDR is SPGW in my mind is one massive fail - not because of lack of potential. I concede it could certainly live up to surpass SPG2, but at the moment the devs have shot themselves in both legs and don't seem to know it.Critique #1 - lack of basic information that is absolutely essentialA) Fair minded people should be able to agree if a player can't even earn (1) single ore, gas, or material - and the game never mentions anywhere how to correct this 'bug' or lack of progression, it puts a giant roadblock to continue playing more than a few hours.And the early hours, the first impressions, is what makes people abandon or keep playing a game. Apparently, after many google searches (almost all of which involved search results re: how to efficiently obtain or grow your resource income but absolutely nothing about why the entire station building was locked out and zero resources were obtainable, I found a buried post that shared the info so minor by the devs they didn't include it anywhere in the 1st campaign tutorial mission, or any obvious place the user would naturally find it via regular game experience or UI.To wit, that unless the player proceeds past certain phase of the campaign missions, the entire ability to even collect (1) single ore, gas, or material is locked out.The UI offers completely contradictory or misleading hints however in that it makes user think if they put a point into the skill for collecting - to get more gas, or mining to get more resources mined, that they should then finally start getting some ore, gas, etc.But no. It is hard locked and coded by the devs, with zero notice what to do to unlock it (zero mentions in the manual either). If the campaign missions were easier, then to some degree this would be mitigated by players zooming through the campaign missions and accidentally unlocking without knowing it the station building and resource collecting ability. But no........Critique #2B) The campaign missions are silly difficult - not difficult from an absolute point of mind, but from a relative point of view where brand new player starts. Keeping in mind I've played and had extensive SPG2 combat experience, it wasn't basic mistakes making the campaign missions hard but the lack of progression before I took them on.What do I mean? I mean that mission #1 is basically the glorified basic tutorial to move your ship, etc. Ship power/ performance of your starter gunship is 100% irrelevant. So fair enough - and all players finish this mission with no obstacle to complete.Mission #2 though was a brick wall for me. Yes I still had the starter gunship with zero new enhancements. But I had just finished the prior mission as a glorified hello mission. The devs should not put in mission scaling where it goes from 0 difficulty to 10 (relatively speaking). It should scale in reasonable curve, so you are hinted to need to upgrade.Despite knowing about weapons fire angles, ship maneuvers to close or hold ranges while firing within the arc my weapons can cover, etc - all the stuff learned from hundreds of hours in SPG2, I just could not kill even barely 1 enemy ship before the ship I was to defend dies, and therefore mission fails.Now - combnine #1 with #2 - I am frustrated that I apparently can't seem to unlock any part of station building or collecting even a single resource the UI tells me by obvious means (e.g. any game that shows at top screen the basic 'currencies' of the game is directly telling you that a core part of the game is going out and getting those 'currencies)And that trying to do what progression I can until I mysteriously learn how or what unlocks this leads into a giant stone wall where the 2nd campaign mission is scaled so hard you need actual new ship or upgrades to the starter gunship.I am sure, and I entirely concede, there has to be players that got past campaign mission #2 with just their starter gunship. But I also say that can't be the norm if someone like me who has extensively played and familiar with SPG2 combat mechanics can't get past this silly bugger.Now, I could have decided to farm for awhile, do some freelance missions, trade between station and planet to earn better ship or upgrade gunship significantly. But I was burned out by then. I had already spent nearly first 10 hours of my brand new experience to this new venture in SPG-verse by doing many, many asteroid ore runs --- followed by gas collecting attempts -- followed by exploring and fighting enemies I met in other areas.Which by the way was successful enough I captured 2 enemy ships, one of which was a convenient freighter to start trading in more bulk if I desired.But by then I had zero desire. Why? Because to add insult to injury, when I captured those ships, the options to salvage the ships for materials was greyed out, along with all other options other than sell it for credits, it buy into my garage.So my little starter gunship is just fine to capture 2 enemy ships, but not fine to do even the second mission. The devs failed miserably in the campaign scaling but more importantly, in the brain dead decision to lock all progression out without telling the user in big, huge font 60 size disclaimer when starting the game.They lead the user to squander what good will they may have and just build pent up frustration they are going nowhere with zero explanation AND when the user still manages to progress a little bit (e.g. capture some ships) ----> they kick the guy in the nuts and basically tell the guy might as well uninstall and write a scathing steam review of the pile of garbage they just jumped into.I concede and will honestly admit the game has good potential. But somewhere along the line, perhaps due to tidbits here and there trickled out in early access or constant updating and 'being in the know' via forum as the game evolved through early access, both the devs and EA player base completely forgot how a brand new user would experience the game - knowing nothing other than what the campaign info, tutorial, or game manual says.And yes, I RTFM. The devs obviously did not.If I could give the review on steam any lower grade, I would"
76561198011717051,Recommended,419480,28128809,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,soldierblue211,"Game is still early...that being said it looks very nice. I'm very excited to see what this will develop into! On track to be a good addition to the series!Thanks for all the hard work to the developers!!!Developers have been listening and are working on controller support. Have had a chance to check out some of the game and still excited, not disappointed at this point. Very similar to SPG2 with a few additions."
76561197960783960,Not Recommended,419480,32481707,Posted: 16 June,all,pho,No way to disable controller support.So it's unplayable for handicaped persons who are using a custom controller with keyboard emulation.
,Recommended,419480,28232112,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Stranger Warkri,"I like space sims so I will probobly like this... however, the voice acting is some of the worst and game freezez when I access the context menu so far..."
76561198125494259,Not Recommended,419480,32796144,Posted: 25 June,all,Deathbysherman,The amount of lag is so terrible that i quit playing after 5MINS. The controls look like they were ment for a gameboy or 3DS and then put onto a computer. Never buy this game until these are fixed its a waist of money!
76561198048129526,Not Recommended,419480,31930430,Posted: 24 May,all,SirSpaceWalrus,"Great idea for a game, not well trhought out. The beginning tutorial is slow, repetative and boring. The camera and ship controls feel klunky and counter intuitive, as it seems half of the fights are you fighting more against your ship than actual AI. Voice acting is meh, along with the choices of dialog you have.Overall: A half baked idea that sounds great, but isnt something i would recommend."
76561197978832149,Not Recommended,419480,24540697,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,flinteryk,"right now the game is really really really dull, there is not much to do and the things there are to do get repeditive really fast. there are only a hand full of missions to do only a hand full of sectors to capture there are a ok amount of ships in the game but combat in the starter ship takes a looooong time.I can see this game being really great far exceeding the X series however as it is now i would not recommend buying it inless its on sale.4/10 for now, its got the base down now to add to it to make it great."
,Not Recommended,419480,22724576,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,RendalliCentori,If you like the X Rebirth or any X series game you will love this game. I however did not enjoy this game. I purchased it and played for a few hours and it felt bulky and just plain NOT enjoyable. This game in a lot of ways is exactly like the previous Starpoint Gemini games and its better graphics and added base building features don't really add a lot to the game. I will say this if you like previous Starpoint games then this game will be awesome for you. I do NOT recommend purchasing this game unless you like previous Starpoint games.
76561198125557396,Recommended,419480,25496484,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Dill-Dickels,"Like No Man's Sky with far less planets, but more content"
76561198091103208,Not Recommended,419480,33315939,Posted: 6 July,all,1B-15-FirelFox,"i think this game is very.......bald...in  a  way simple nothing really diffrent rather then mesh ships,dialogs not really impressed i dont think its worth35.00 dollars maybe........15.00 dollars as  the content n options in it ant really...imppressive at all just basic game engine n basic options to the AI Etc i really  am praying this is in alpha as this game needs more then what it got in it to be one of the top 5 games"
76561198007236904,Recommended,419480,31893402,Posted: 21 May,all,ken.lakes,"This is a very addictive game..... Rough on marriages, but who cares"
,Not Recommended,419480,33544698,Posted: 14 July,all,Laren X,"1. Boring2. No real challenge, enemy fleets are passive3. Boring4. All sectors in space look more or less the same5. Boring6. The map is one big empty void with nothing in it7. Boring8. Diplomacy is a joke9. Boring10. Campain is a joke11. ♥♥♥♥ing boring12. Researching new weapons is a waste of time13. ♥♥♥♥ing boring14. Side missions are all identical15. ♥♥♥♥ing boringetc., etc.... and if you missed it: it's a ♥♥♥♥ing boring game!"
76561198028827513,Not Recommended,419480,24568254,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,moosewarrr,"a revamp of old starwolves game. additions are great, new graphics and features. star base is a good idea, but the changes, namely dog fighting (follow your ships♥♥♥♥♥around) kinda this makse it worse than the original. potential was there, but not great at all in fairness.  dissapointed"
,Not Recommended,419480,32845618,Posted: 27 June,all,Mr. Pain,"Terrible, horrible, clunky controls along with a ""tutorial"" that outright skips explaining certain game mechanics left me with a bad first impressiong and a desire towards wanting to play safe and get a refund.Don't bother with this unless its on a sale and you feel like taking chances."
,Not Recommended,419480,31932285,Posted: 24 May,all,Call,The camera controls are abysmal.The camera is too close and trying to keep track of an enemy is next to impossible.This basic thing makes the game frustrating to play as the rest of the game is quite fun.
76561198025643657,Not Recommended,419480,22724484,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,ekholbrook,"I loved the previous Starpoint Gemini, played many many hours, but I don't know what it is with this version but I find everything from configuring the ship with new weapons, to setting waypoints and keyboard controls much much more frustrating to figure out what the heck is going on. Simply stuff such as buying a new weapon and mounting it, is just like, what the heck?Setting the keyboard controls in the previous version was a snap. 5 Minutes and I was up and running. This one took me nearly an hour because of all the conflicting keys, again, I don't know why but it was a pain in neck. My first session was basically trying to setup my keyboard and by the time I was done was exhausted and went to another game for a bit.It's been said the map/galaxy is quite a bit bigger. Honestly, I'm not seeing this. The number of planets/locations looks about the same or even smaller, the little things that bugged me in the previous version are still present as well, such as stations suddenly appearing out of nowhere instead of gradually appearing far in the distance, ships that float more than seem to fly in specific directions, etc.So I don't know, all in all, coming from the previous version, and yes, realziing this is still in Early Access, I get it that it's not finished, but I'm disappointed that many of the visual flaws from the previous are still present and that now the game's interface, which used to be a piece of cake to figure out, is just so strangely difficult to figure out now.I'll wait it out till full release, but not holding my breath. No Man's Sky is right around the corner and I don't see this being ready before that."
76561198066351455,Not Recommended,419480,33351552,Posted: 7 July,all,nk.millar,"buggy as hell and will not load, despite apparently playing this game for 20 hours. Using all the fixes hints and tips this game has yet to be played by me 20 hours of my life trying to get a game to work and no refund because apparently i have played this game for 20 hours. what a complete waste of effort money and time."
76561198071805507,Not Recommended,419480,31997611,Posted: 27 May,all,SubNine,"Game crashes, ship combat and controls is bloody terrible really just isn't worth it."
76561198066112247,Recommended,419480,33119032,Posted: 2 July,all,SGTmurder,should have gotten this sooner!!
,Not Recommended,419480,24400010,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Airwolf,"Nothing to do. The game is beautiful, no doubt. But it is shallow. Yes it is EA. Yes, it has potential. But it is yawner."
76561198008297082,Not Recommended,419480,33160386,Posted: 2 July,all,Wanabe Kirito,"Besides me not being able to complete the main mission due to a bug, the fleet mechanics in this game is infuriating. Whenever I'm traveling and have a fleet following me, instead of staying in formation they decide to orbit around me and ocassionally run into me. Its like a game of bumper cars. Your looking at your map and hear *Thud* (or even more!). It may be funny at first like ""Hey, the helmsman in one of my battleships is hammered."" Nope, every time we do sublight warp my fleet wants to give me a love tap. I really wanted this game to do well but there are many things, like others have pointed out, that needs to have more work done. I thought this game was gona be like Rouge Galexy (not the one on the PS2 silly) but with an RTS aspect."
76561198044702366,Not Recommended,419480,32849242,Posted: 27 June,all,ilamyik,"This game could posssibly great, all the reviews & descriptions suggest it should be, but i just can't get my head around the camera controls. Playing with a controller the camera moves too slowly & clumsily to focus on any enemy ship during combat (and you need to focus on enemy ships to perform various combat actions), flying through space is uncomfortable as there's no camera follow feature, so ONCE you manage to get the camera behind your ship, any movement you make with your ship (which also feels as clumsy as moving the camera does) means the camera is then out of line again!You can of course set your weapons to fire at any nearby enemy, you can go to the map and set auto pilot to go to any destination, but sometimes I want to fly somewhere all by myself...I want to blow some stuff up by targetting & firing the weapons myself. Maybe given time it's possible to get used to this, but i just don't feel i should have to."
76561198015663344,Not Recommended,419480,32621170,Posted: 21 June,all,Rabid0Rabbit,"The price is steep for what it is right now. There's no getting around that. I'm also surprised that the recently released DLC is going to cost more and is not included in the base price. Get out now before you get caught in a ""sims 4"" esque rabbit hole of underwhelming DLC.I'll compare it to a couple other successful early releases, KSP and Minecraft, which are obviously the top .0001% of well executed early releases but bear with me here.Both of these games released at lower prices, which reflected the current state of the game, alpha KSP and Minecraft were both around $15-20 depending on when you picked it up. Not an unreasonable price for the game as it was at that point, crashes included. When they released large expansions (which obviously cost a great deal in financial resources to produce) they released these free to backers but increased the price of new purchases to reflect the increase in content.This strategy avoids what bothered me when I saw today's DLC. $39 for the game as it was before the DLC was already expensive but seems like it would enable further development more easily and so isn't a complete turnoff to the game so I went in on it. The game is pretty barebones, pretty grindy and needs a great deal of work to flesh out the universe you reside in and that's okay, its a small development team working on a budget. Rimworld showed us that this isn't necessarily a bad thing, just sometimes a bit slower to develop.However, to charge for a few extra ships, and more importantly, the additional gameplay of ""bounties"" which providescritical[/] replayability and variety is egregious. By the time this game is worth the $39 I already paid in terms of depth and scope I'll have to have paid significantly more for the additional content. This game with 5 or 6 of these sorts of DLC packs is not worth $70. It's worth about $40."
76561198051598526,Not Recommended,419480,24292431,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,El Presidente,Well at this point I have to say its kind of boring! Nothing new or challenging
76561197960794487,Not Recommended,419480,32597267,Posted: 20 June,all,e.MiDNiGHT,"Space Farming Simulator 2017 (+paid DLC!)The game is fun initially, but quickly you'll realize that you're just doing the same thing over and over again trying to get a bigger ship and more powerful weapons.  But the enemy becomes more powerful too, and eventually you'll realize this farming cycle all there is to this game.I loved Privateer, Rapid Fire, Freelancer, etc... and I got excited when I first booted this game up, but it stopped there.  It has nowhere the depth that Privateer had in 1993.The final reason I don't recommend this game is because of this frustrating business model of releasing a ""full game"" for people to buy, then an immediate stream of paid dlc follows.  The only way to fight this business model is with our money, so if you don't like it maybe you should consider passing on this one."
76561198097470609,Not Recommended,419480,34169549,Posted: 11 August,all,kin,"I tried to spend a few hours playing with thisHowever the mechanics were abit frustrating when using as keyboard to control (maybe this is best played with a joystick?)The story in the campaign didn't particularly resonateI guess I was expecting something more, but ran out of patience to bother finding out as there are other games vying for my attention at the moment"
,Not Recommended,419480,24581055,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,DreddNaut,"So far, it doesn't have much.Poor sound effects that will make your ears bleed in minutes.Stale artstyle and UI and effects that already look dated.Camera angles and sense of control are extremely wonky."
76561198090234955,Not Recommended,419480,24536526,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,biu,"Dull, boring and uninspired game.This is a primary example why you should never buy an Early Access game.Broken and buggy, you are basicly paying to test out a game for the so called ""developers""."
76561198009006160,Not Recommended,419480,28419624,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Fritzl,"Wow, purchased this as it sounded good.One of the most boring games I have ever played. Goto station, buy to trade or take mission to fight. Repeat 1000 times. Nothing but 5 minute waits between destinations.Battles make you dizzy and are essentially. Click left button on enemy. Press auto fire. Hold down X.Enemies dead. Go back to base and sell cargo.Repeat.The worst $24 I ever spent in my life!"
76561198087772844,Not Recommended,419480,34500443,Posted: 26 August,all,Deusion,"This game isn't something I expected.  It's a normal space ship shooter where you spin your ship around so you can shoot other ships / stations.  Graphics are pretty amazing.  Some of the mechanics for building the station, and doing the economy is well thought out.  Not as in depth as I would say Stellaris, but got some good quality in there.  I really feel like the space combat needs a lot of touching up on.  I've played a good chunk of space games. The F2P game Dreadnought has a much better combat system than this game. I was hoping a system like that was being implemented. True I didn't play too long, but I'm one of those where if games don't click with me for the first few hours then it will never click.  The ""Campaign"" seems a little boring like there isn't much except just clicking through and shooting random targets.  I actually forgot what I was doing for a bit lol.  The Sci-Fi aspect with the graphics drew me in, but the gameplay pushed me out.  Great potential, I just feel they could have done better."
,Not Recommended,419480,34126876,Posted: 9 August,all,Killgreedy,"Gameplay is slow often tedious.  There aren't very many elements to combat, and later in the game I had to basically waste time and avoid the main storyline if I wanted to rake in enough resources to keep pushing shipbuilding (maxing my fleet size) and research.Boarding ships seems like the most lucrative combat option, but the interface for it is pretty boring and clunky.Overall the UI seemed lacking.  You have to keep jumping to separate menus to see status reports on things like research, shipbuilding, resources, experience, etc.I only got to level 22 and the Battleship.  Maybe the late game story and titan ships are more interesting? The game ended up feeling more like a chore than a game.  After running into a storyline mission that puts you solo vs a handful of destroyers that could somehow chew through all of my shields and hull in about 15 seconds I gave up."
,Not Recommended,419480,31465945,Posted: 30 April,all,Not4dagames,controls are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Not interested.
,Not Recommended,419480,34065946,Posted: 6 August,all,Wudini,"Not my style of space game. Reminiscent of old school Wing Commander, but that style of game IMO hasn't aged well."
76561198044203858,Not Recommended,419480,22467141,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,fuTURE,"It's an early access game.This game has potential, but is otherwise is kind of devoid of content.Sure, you can fly around, do simple missions, but otherwise there's no real difference between this and SPG 2, at this point in time.The Devs are active, which is nice. But, all I hear, sorry ""(blank) hasn't been implemented yet."" They've said this with a lot of features that actually seem to make this game what it is.I'm not going to refund it, but I don't reccomend it at this time, due to the lack of features.Edit: I haven't tried the finished version out, so disregard this review."
,Not Recommended,419480,34187144,Posted: 12 August,all,Ratstool,Played it an hour.  Couldn't get past the really badly written script and voice acting.  Got it refunded.
76561197993142411,Not Recommended,419480,34188701,Posted: 12 August,all,RARRAF,not my sort of game not enough user input just autotarget and fire no user input
76561198008153798,Not Recommended,419480,31319565,Posted: 23 April,all,rick8204,Game sucks- space combat blows it's too difficult to track and atack targets.
76561198147781201,Recommended,419480,28710711,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Nathan the Legionare,Amazing!
76561197963367422,Not Recommended,419480,22682060,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,donlott,"Awesome looking game I thought... opened game, begin to remap keys; CRASH. I try again... CRASH. I think, well, maybe I can't map this one key it keep crashing on. I try a different one; CRASH. Ad nauseum another dozen times, because I'm a glutton for punishment.So far, I've spent a total of a half hour trying to get through key mapping, and it crashes every time.Quality game. Would waste time, futily, mapping keys again!I'm not going to recommend this game, until I can actually play it, and frankly its a waste of time right now."
,Not Recommended,419480,31892980,Posted: 21 May,all,rinks361,"Very poor sound effects (some sounds also seem to be missing). Gameplay tutorial is not very helpful. Controls and gameplay mechanics are poor.Sound: During a cutscene all you hear is a generic ""Pew pew pew!"" for EVERY weapon. There's no sound diversity and the rate of fire that occurs doesn't match the sound effects. Ships explode but don't make a single sound.Gameplay: No way to control camera while also moving the ship so you can see around you. Mouse control is the same as WSAD control which is pointless. There should be a way to switch between mouse and keyboard controls that way you can manipulate the camera at the same time.Flying feels generic. Ships turn on a dime and look unnatural.Map icons are huge and block other huge icons that you need to select for missions/general targeting/etc.Tutorial is poorly done and seems incomplete or rushed through. Does not do a good job of instructing you how to use different systems as in earlier Starpoint Gemini games.Had high hopes for this game because I enjoyed Starpoint Gemini 2 but this is a major let down."
76561198081840940,Not Recommended,419480,34151274,Posted: 10 August,all,Wereshrew,"I really wanted to like this game, but the game engine itself lets it down.Having massive space stations just phase into view when they should have been visible far earlier ruins the experience for me."
76561198108932263,Not Recommended,419480,35320543,Posted: 29 September,all,eddubas23,I dont know why none of these reviews mention how truly god awful the camera/controls are maybe I could have saved myself $34.I guess you need a joystick to actually be able to play the game I dont know.  Looks like it might possibly have been a decent game if I could actually control the camera at all in the slightest...  just gimmie my refund already please
76561198017197515,Not Recommended,419480,34171946,Posted: 11 August,all,Mikey,"I was really looking forward to this game but after going through the launcher, it just crash! I'm getting a refund!"
76561198006536056,Not Recommended,419480,28787828,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,agi38704,"It's all been done before. Only better.This should have been a mod for X3. Everthing in this game apart from story and the flexability of the universe (I'm assuming) is sub par. I've  seen better game mechanics, graphics, and interfaces in free online games.Camera control is terrible, combat frustrating, and the Voice overs 3rd rate.Don't buy this game unless you have the patience of a Saint. It's virtually unplayable in it's current form. Fingers crossed improvements will come soon."
76561198021755787,Not Recommended,419480,30339611,Posted: 5 March,all,Surthurfurd,I joined early and have yet to have the program run smoothly.  It seems that they have higher requirements than their previous program and than they had stated earlier.   I can not run the program at all.  You might need to have a new high memory video card to have a chance.
76561198038861815,Not Recommended,419480,22765569,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,ClanMcAllister,"Games freezes 80% of the time or won't launch at all. Contacted devs 3 times. The only reply I got was to the effect of ""Most users don't have the problem you're reporting"". Not exactly what I'd call ""tech support"" or ""customer service"".And of course, my eligibility period for a refund from Steam may have run out while I waited in vain for a helpful reply from devs :("
76561198083608100,Not Recommended,419480,24508479,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,olmstead909,i got this game cause i thought it would be good but i could not play it cause of a error message i kept on getting allso i tryed to send in a suport tick but it would not work so i recommend you  hold off on buying this game for a while maybe it will get better thank you steam for the refund
76561198004951232,Not Recommended,419480,34160129,Posted: 10 August,all,Coprolite,"Very badly designed. Even tutorial is nonsensical. Maybe there's a game in here somewhere, but it's well hidden."
,Not Recommended,419480,25847210,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,⎝Stevepunk⎠,"""Restart to save changes""(changes aren't saved on restart)That was my first experience with this game and the rest wasn't much better.The game throws a lot at you, doesn't tell you much and doesn't seem to work very well.In 1 hr of gameplay it hasn't shown me much worth sticking around for."
76561197970334417,Not Recommended,419480,32006722,Posted: 27 May,all,Reaper,"Very excited for this game.  There is NO CONTROLLER SUPPORT.  I've tried every online fix to enable it with no luck.  Full release version.  If you want / need to have controller support, this game does not have it.  Don't waste your time!  I'll request a refund for false advertising."
76561198067062279,Not Recommended,419480,29559934,Posted: 29 January,all,Meat Popsicle,"I cant really see myself telling others to buy it.they dont really teach you what to do in the game.the camra is completely autistic. (critical for a space game)and then there is the lack of a way to obtain resources which you need in order to build your own station. (go figure they dont teach you that ether)oh and 1 more thing about that camra, it gave me vertigo after 45 minutes. my head would not stop spinning from this for a while.edit for devyes i have been to that thing. it didnt help much as i couldnt get thru thr first hail part as there is no option to hail people in this game."
76561197969304324,Not Recommended,419480,34584664,Posted: 29 August,all,DarthBinky,meh
76561198016727042,Not Recommended,419480,33699186,Posted: 21 July,all,OTG Rhialto,Game is bad. Control scheme sucks big time. Tried to get a refund and since I played 5 hours Steam refuses me. Sick of this crap.
76561198007475957,Recommended,419480,31921138,Posted: 23 May,all,Kysus,"It's like mcdonald's,i'm loving it...................but i dont like mcdonald's food,but i love this game :P"
,Not Recommended,419480,34706052,Posted: 3 September,all,ThcFlowsInMe,"Sadly, the arcady flight mechanics make this a no go for me. Feels like a game from the early 2000s. Should just play Star Citizen instead."
76561198096369047,Not Recommended,419480,33107890,Posted: 1 July,all,Turkey,Couldent even play on low graphic settingsMight make an actual review after the game is HEAVLY optimised
76561198011426713,Not Recommended,419480,22439250,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Thagamus,"I was looking forward to the station building mechanic. It's really not what I wanted. I was hoping I'd be able to do more, or even take direct control of the station. It seems like that isn't planned. It seems there's still a massive focus on your ship and fleets instead of being able to build up and command a space station. Some people will probably like this game, but I'm not one of those people."
,Not Recommended,419480,22423781,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,lacranora,"I can see where this game is going, but even for early access it is a ways away. Voice acting, camera controls and FPS drops  were all part of the issues I ran into in the short time I played. Voice acting is not a big deal, but the FPS is. I meet the specs but even on low settlings I was running into issues. All that said I would bet money that this will be every bit as good as Starpoint Gemini 2, which honestly is a fantastic game.This could have used a couple more months of work before being pushed into EA. That might be me having high expectations due to how great SG2 was. I'll come back around in a month or two to check things out. If you are looking to support the efforts of the dev team, go for it, if you are looking for a bit more polish wait a bit."
,Not Recommended,419480,30340934,Posted: 5 March,all,[PRX] Jerrak,"Pops out of full screen mode randomly, doesn't save settings or saves some settings and not all, buggy, crap interface, horrible voice acting, etc., I'm honestly getting really frustrated with Valve for letting games of this quality to proliferate throughout Steam.  Alpha games, beta games and games in ""Early Release"" for 2+ years? Come on. Do some QA on these games."
76561198052650981,Not Recommended,419480,22445230,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,tidus2,"Sorry not for me, so bored I fell asleep.  It may be ok sometime in the future since it IS early access atm, but right now not much action from what i saw."
76561198006442673,Not Recommended,419480,25355562,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Nemothrax,"This has a long way to go, Ship controls suck in my point of view."
76561197974508159,Not Recommended,419480,26155707,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,OKOK,"latest patch is horrible.content is too little for fun factor,battle scale is wrong too,trading is horrible,wait for next patch.was a little fun until patch is release. now it horrible."
76561198417515393,Not Recommended,419480,35323033,Posted: 29 September,all,gam1ngdragon.983,ripoff
76561197999409210,Not Recommended,419480,28621324,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,-=SOI=- Faren,"Community actively downvote and hurl themselves at anyone who disagrees with vitriol and petulance. That's hardly what I would describe as a balanced view.To add to that the truly delightful, balanced and well rounded community have gone through my profile actively downvoting every review I've ever made about any game.If you can't take criticism, stop making games.Furthermore, if you own the game, you can not find a review unhelpfull. It's an oxymoron. Much like the people who insist on commenting on my review. Whether you like it or not, it's a fact. I do not like this game.X is better, much better. In my opinion. Get over it."
,Recommended,419480,29525262,Posted: 27 January,all,Watchman1,"A absolutely brilliant game, love the graphics and the depth of game play if you liked Star point Gemini 2 you need to get this game asap.As a early access game it is worth every penny just can't wait to see the full game.LITTLE GREEN MAN have made a game that is very good and interesting, fun, challenging, great to play."
76561197989970728,Recommended,419480,24493070,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Old Salty Bastard,"I want to express how dedicated and helpful the support for this game is. They went out of their way trying to fix my issue. When I say my issue, it was on my end and in not theirs. Thanks again to the genuinely helpful support. I look forward to playing alot of this game"
76561198087933619,Recommended,419480,29609816,Posted: 31 January,all,Assailer,"Release review:Congratulations! You guys seem to have fixed all my previous issues, I'm really enjoying the new experience. Looking forward to play your game!EA review:I know this is EA, but i had high hopes you guys address the following issues reported earlier:- poor looking starfield! yes, this is important part of a space game- unconsistent UI designed to slow down your work- horrible font choice. in addition the font size changes for each UI element. confusing to look at!- radial menu still hides the action screen! seriously... is it that hard to use alpha?Various performance issues in general when flying by huge objects. I mean why? How come in X:Rebirth those station complexes do not lag my gameplay?I know my review sounds negative. Well, you need feedback to make your game better!"
,Recommended,419480,22459849,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,IceBlitz,"I am a huge fan of Starpoint Gemini 2, and I was almost certain LGM couldn't do better with Warlords. But I was very wrong!- The game is more immersive and daunting than ever before- The game engine has been given a dead serious upgrade, with both graphics and sound- The music is astonishing- The visuals is striking- The GUI is perfect, spot on!- Voice acting is perfect now- Missions is engaging and interestingIt feels like an utterly, superbly polished upgrade from the already fantastic Starpoint Gemini 2.I would recommend this to anyone who enjoys action RPG and likes to daydream and get carried away by stunning visuals and music."
,Recommended,419480,32133397,Posted: 2 June,all,St,"It costed me two re-download and installs during early access but I have the best space game imaginable with1. Good modding community2. Satsifying main campaign, with multiple side campaigns3. Beautiful scenery and a wide range of exploration4. That company with devs whom I know will be improving the features and provide them bug freeWithin the entirety of this game there is only one thing I can complain:Why is the Magisterate Dreadnaught so ugly!? Okay, I get it, it was designed to be a beast. But it is still ugly.Thumbs up guys. Thank you again. I'd write more but I gotta get back to exploring the universe. I'll buy your next game without hesitation."
76561198007098206,Recommended,419480,25690116,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Lolomancer,"Alright, after latest drivers has been installed the game stops crashing,Thanks to support team btw. At least the game got responsive dev. team.The game made a good step forward according to Starpoint Gemini 2, which I was really like.3D-models and some visual effects significantly improved and skill system has been enchanced.At this point I'm not dissapointed with purchasing of SG: Warlords.So, if you liked SG2, and there is discount on SG: Warlods (that often accures), I can recommend this game even on EA state.BUT DON'T FORGET TO INSTALL LATEST VIDEO CARD DRIVERS!"
76561198064454917,Recommended,419480,25659448,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Frog Butts,"Update:It looks like the game now runs stable (so far). I changed the review to recommended as the developers messaged me right away and corrected the issue. I still need to play the game more to give a proper review, but so far it looks great and hud overlay on the ship is an interesting way of solving an age old issue of navigating in space sims. Ill post more useful info as I progress.Original Review:""For the 3 seconds I can play it, it seems good, but it keeps crashing right after the first waypoint in the prologue mission."""
,Recommended,419480,22415979,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Hariwulf,"It is a nice game. Only negative to me:After some ""artistic upgrades"", game lost much of its beauty, see screenshots for reference:http://images.akamai.steamusercontent.com/ugc/277344693415916892/2DA0E34658920C7E04E8B34967EEEE541A35943B/http://images.akamai.steamusercontent.com/ugc/277344693411829039/0D21E973DDF2F53E3509B4E74C6EE4A7A1C2585B/http://images.akamai.steamusercontent.com/ugc/277344693411654345/F6152334FE3257625B4CA93B3C9ADF9B7D3362DD/http://images.akamai.steamusercontent.com/ugc/277344693411654174/5DF0CE5BCEBB4E25246D15849D90E1E2536D6D65/http://images.akamai.steamusercontent.com/ugc/277344693411654002/5382AE5788E18C951332F9F4224207042DA1CD36/Anyway it's LGM. They are a trustworthy bunch of fellas,.Deep gameplay, RTS elements, assets are great, music is nice, combat feels smooth and the UI is a dream.An improvement over every aspect.Do yourself a favor: BUY IT NOW, THANK ME LATER.Wanna read more?- Massive immersion (all features just click together)- Epic art direction (not only graphics and shaders), a love poetry to the eyes, really- Cool and varied spacecrafts, there is enough for each and every taste (symmetrical/asymmetrical, bulky/sleek, etc.)Will write more as game/ my experience develop"
76561198014222028,Recommended,419480,32270172,Posted: 8 June,all,Lupin III,"I bought this game after playing SPG2 (which i got for free) enjoyed it enough to take a punt on SPG Warlords. I'm sooo glad i did, every element of its predecessor has been improved and the speed of progression and how quickly you can earn money to buy bigger/better ships and guns is much faster than before.Theyve also added station building in so after a few story missions you can build extra hubs which give various bonuses. If you enjoyed the last one you'll really enjoy warlords."
76561198069622670,Recommended,419480,32282285,Posted: 8 June,all,SuperShinySquirrel,Been following this game since early access I can't say this enough but I've been waiting for this to be launched in full for a while now. Now I can finally play a game  like the X series  but More easily moddable and more  open to play instead  of the extremely grindy X games so I highly recommend this and I look forward to more for this game in DLC or maybe just new games from the company
,Recommended,419480,32310833,Posted: 10 June,all,HawksFan,Love the game! Lots of things to do and very in depth gameplay
76561197971113305,Recommended,419480,22857414,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,agentfatmen,"UPDATE:The game is out of early access and I have a new copy. So far, everything that I found wrong with this game the first time around is fixed! I was VERY happy to see a return to the SG2 controls!---------------------------------------------------------------------------------I put 86 hours into Star Point 2 so for me buying this game was a no brainer and a mistake. I understand the game is in early access and I hope the developer reads this. In Star Point 2 you press the middle mouse wheel to open a wheel of options and it worked great. I can't tell you how many times I would quickly press and search for the option I wanted right in the middle of combat. It added great stress to combat. In this game you press the same button for the same action but the game now pauses and you have to wait for the screen to go black and the options to spin onto screen like a hand on a clock spinning in a circle. Why did you do this? Sending commands such as grapple a target to marking a target for attack should be done on the fly in combat and now it’s a slooow pause button. In Star Point 2 I would hit the middle mouse button and issue commands and never feel like I was out of the action, I was on the edge of my seat! Now I hit the same button and sit back to relax for a minute. It just kills the whole vibe of combat.You may feel that this is really not an issue. But how many fights do you think you will get in in a game about space combat? Now lets say that most fights have 5 targets. Lets further say that you want to micro manage the first 3 targets that are killed or launch fighters or grapple or send a boarding party or any number of things from the command wheel. Let’s say it only takes 10 seconds to open the wheel, choose an option, and close the wheel. That’s about 30 seconds a fight. 30 full seconds when each time I do something I feel I have to do that I get pulled out of the game and shown that it is just a game. I’ve played the game for about 2 hours and, honestly, I don’t know if I will give it more time. If I do I can’t return it.This team makes great games but this pulls me out of the experience and reminds me that I’m playing a game."
76561198051375400,Recommended,419480,32794917,Posted: 25 June,all,kj3rd_engr,"Like this game, its easy to learn and play."
76561198192716381,Not Recommended,419480,35511198,Posted: 5 October,all,Will Scarlett,"Waste of an opportunity to make a game thats beats Elite Dangerous, Even 50% off it`s a no buy."
