user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,419460,20550638,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,bishely,"I don't usually go in for reviewing games here, but having seen the Kotaku article about some of the things being written here about this game, I'll bite. I became a father eleven months ago. My partner, the mother of our daughter, saw me reading about 'That Dragon, Cancer' last month and asked what it was about. When I told her, she looked stunned and asked: 'Why would anyone want to play that?' I had no answer for her, but just knew that I did want to play it. Now that I have, I think I know why, and why I recommend it.The death of a loved one is painful and traumatic. We cope with it as best we can; which is to say we utterly fail to cope with it, but try to go on living. I hope never to experience what the Greens went through, watching their son Joel dying, but admire their strength and courage in facing that experience and trying to make something positive of it. For me, the revulsion people feel about the notion of 'playing' this 'game' (I'll admit the words really don't fit) is a shamefully cowardly response - at the end of the day, we can hit Quit, and nothing has changed in our livess. The Greens lived this and did their best to process and communicate it. That's what art is all about, and shying away from it just because it makes us uncomfortable is symptomatic only of our own weakness, our insistence on an artificial safe-zone.As a card-carrying atheist, I'm on a polar extreme away from the faith the Greens have, but I still found every moment of this episodic narrative driven audio-visual experience utterly relatable and overwhelmingly human. That's no mean feat, and speaks volumes of the honesty, the sheer soul-bearing earnestness that's gone into this harrowing project. I'll grant that the visuals may not be to everyone's tastes, the thematic examination of faith may be too cerebral for some, and the fundamentally morbid subject matter (but no - this is a celebration of a life, along with all the agony of its too-soon death) will put many off; but accusations of profiteering from their son's death can only sit somewhere on a spectrum between flat-out trolling and plain ignorance. If you sit somewhere toward the latter end, I urge you to play the game and experience it. It won't be much fun, but it will be worthwhile. As for the trolls, I hope they find some happiness on their own."
,Recommended,419460,27985506,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,BossMeng,"When my mom was diagnosed with cancer, I was searching for answers. How could this happen to such a good woman with a heart of gold and unwavering strength? How can it happen to anyone? This game did not provide all the answers, but it did help with the grieving process, although I can't imagine what it's like as a parent to have a child with cancer. I shed a ton of tears while playing this game. It was heartwrenching and beautiful at the same time. Fortunately my mom is still alive today and 2 years cancer free!"
,Recommended,419460,20489825,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Netch Feverfew,"As a child of a parent who succumbed to cancer a few years ago, playing this game was cathartic. In a snese, the pain that the Greens went through were several degrees worse than when my father fought for his life. Every hope and anguish is stiflingly recreated or recorded in real-life, making this game one of the most heartwrenching games for 2016.Juvenile cancer doesn't lead to a punchline or a joke. It is an illness as frustrating as Alzheimer's, Parkinsons, multiple schlerosis, etc. that slowly makes one wither away from the living world. Every day, you hope for a cure and some sort of reprieve from the agony of the regular chemotherapy visits and the brain haze felt after radiotherapy. However, you are tasked to live with it, even if you are cured from it.The Greens' experience as parents with two other healthy kids whilst facing this horrible, delibitating disease on their third and youngest after being born twelve months before has to be lived. The game does not serve as an epitaph to little Joel. The game serves to remind us that life is short and happiness can be found in the simplest of things. For baby Joel, it was feeding the ducks at the pond, playing in the playground, or just being with his ""dah-dah."" This will be the closest baby Joel will ever come to forming actual words.The disease will ravage everyone you love and the person who suffers from it.I remember watching my father fight it. He did what he did: buy a farm and tour the world with his family. He ate carefully, but still enjoyed the wine that flowed into his goblet. He lived his life fully for 2 whole years. His last six months were a torture on us and him. He was withdrawn as he began to feel the effects of the cancer that spread to his brain. The neuropathy was getting to him. The radiotherapy that was supposed to reduce the seizures make him babble incoherently. His lungs rattled up coughs violent in the night, giving the family countless sleepless nights. I had some regrets of becoming angry at him for instances that still haunt me to my very core.The game isn't an epitaph for Joel. It is closure for the Green family. Whilst I was playing this game, I felt every nuance that a person who is going through this disease feels. Right now, TotalBiscuit who is suffering from terminal liver cancer has I think played this game. He might become a sobbing little whingey ♥♥♥♥♥ (see comment made by me at the comment section for clarification on this statement). But he too will begin to accept the inevitable. Whether he can fight this proverbial dragon called cancer, like little Joel, is really up to God. Even you don't believe in the existence of one, only the cosmos knows.The game is not about mechanics. It's about a lived experience.I highly recommend this game to everyone. Not as a tearjerker, but as a Bible towards finding closure in the face of a long fought battle against the tides of death."
76561198075980428,Recommended,419460,27478265,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Symoné,"Nominated for 'I'm not crying, there's something in my eye' award."
,Recommended,419460,22038496,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Drank,"I definitely recommend this game, hands down. Incredible story line. It's funny, adorable, saddening, and it makes you think about the things that you really should be thankful for."
76561197974926553,Recommended,419460,20515469,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Zippy TWP,"So, the short part: yes the game is incredible, and yes you should play it. To those wondering about complaining about the price or the length: movies cost a hell of a lot more and have a lot less impact. If you're wondering about the folks outright critizing the game without even playing it or saying it should have never been on Steam to begin with, and somehow dragging the quality of Steam down: remind yourself that the internet is filled with the absolute worst people that ever roamed the fact of the earth.The long part... Talking about gameplay or graphics seems like a hollow exercise for a game like this. For the uninitiated, the game consists of point and click vignettes chroicling the Green family's struggle through their son Joel's battle with cancer. I was surprised at the tone, as I really expected a big sadfest from start to finish. The game takes surprising turns, though, with very happy memories, along with the sad ones. The game explores a number of themes, including crises of faith, grief & loss, strength in adversity, and the struggle for normalcy.To address the elephant in the living room, the topic of faith (especially that of Christian faith) is very present throughout the game, but really only in the context of how the Greens feel, and not once did the game feel preachy. It's a delicate balance that's well maintained.  The game feels extremely genuine, with very personal topics the Greens went through laid bare, including marital strife as a result of Joel's cancer. Throughout the game, you'll vire the events through different perspectives, including Joel's.The art direction is superb, with different pieces of the narrative popping in once you look away from an item on screen and look back. The sound design is equally well done; the music through the game is varied and always appropriate.This game was one of the most difficult games I've ever played, As a parent, I constantly projected my own kids into my perception of events, and it made it all the more difficult. The tone of the game, however, isn't one of blatant misery, but really a very pensive reflection of how this particular family dealt with tragedy, and as such, can be appreciated by those without kids. The game leaves plenty of room for reflection and interpretation, and I'm sure there will be hundreds of different opinions on what different points in the narrative mean.The Greens (and the rest of the dev team) have created a thoughtful narrative that must have been very difficult to make, and those of us who play it, quite frankly, are going to be better for it. The game is short, but the impact of the narrative is felt deeply. Do yourself a favor - play this game, do so without preconceptions, and allow yourself to appreciate the experience."
76561197976120880,Recommended,419460,25437833,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Tanook,"I reccommend this game, but Jesus Christ is it hard to play. I have two sons, one is 3.5 years old the other is 1.5 years old. This game hit me in the gut hard. I am a fairly big dude, and I don't cry for much, but this game left me bawling with snot running down my face...in a good way. I love my boys, and I played this game while they were sleeping. My boys seemed almost scared at how hard I hugged them the morning after playing this, but I think that is what it is all about. Put your devices down and hug and play with your kids, because some parents can no longer hug theirs."
76561198058051401,Recommended,419460,21351082,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Tihi *blush*,"Not only did That Dragon, Cancer make me sad, it also made me grateful for the life I have right now. Never will I waste one moment in my life. Thank you Numinous games. Great job."
,Not Recommended,419460,20512212,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,eXoScoriae,"The game is amazing in many ways. There are moments when the Greens did an amazing job of capturing the frustration, self doubt, and myriad of emotions that one goes through during an experience such as this.It felt *real*. And up until about the halfway point in the game it felt like one of the *realest* experiences I've ever played through.That was until the Greens, specifically Amy, began to use religion as a crutch. While this is obviously their story, and it would have not served them well to leave out the ways they coped, for me I could not relate to these parts. I found myself cringing at every piece of narrative that invoked God or Jesus, and there are times when the scenes are, nearly literally, drowning in these references.At this point I realized the story was less about Joel and more about their struggle with their faith. Admittedly, I felt as though there was a bit of bait and switch and play here. And I found myself sad for what the game could have been versus what it actually is.I'm not suggesting the game should be different. I'm simply disappointed that something that was so emotional suddenly took a sharp left into territory I could no longer relate to. Something that dealt with the fear and terror of loosing a child that doesn't begin to rationalize it all away by invoking heaven and God's plans, etc... would have been much more relate-able to me.While the Green's faith is obviously real to them... to someone on the outside it really felt like more of a delusion. Their anger at God for taking their son quickly turns to the tried and true mantras of ""just have faith"" and ""God know's best"". Going so far as to have the player go through a story of Jesus and his disciples rowing a boat across a lake in a storm.I don't fault Ryan and Amy Green for their faith, or even for implementing their faith into the game. This is their story and I'm glad they have decided to share it. But I do feel that people who don't share their faith should be aware of exactly where this story is heading. It can be quite a shock to go from a scene where I am crying due to how well they invoke the frustration of a child you can not heal to feeling uncomfortable as I listen to another conversation where Amy professes her blind faith that Joel will be OK.That said, I don't regret my play through. I simply regret that a universal story of loss and grief becomes niche and is no longer relate-able to many non Christians by the second half. In many ways it was an amazing game.... it just wasn't a game for me.The gameplay itself can be quite frustrating as well sometimes. There are no choices in the game, you simply move forward and let the story unfold. It is possible to get stuck if you don't go the right direction. Other times the player gets stuck on purpose, as Ryan designed certain sections to be frustrating to mirror his own frustrations. Unfortunately the lack of context clues can either be seen as clever or poor design. It all depends on how patient the player is. Anyone would be hard pressed to call the controls anything but clunky, however the controls don't necessarily need to be smooth in a narrative like this. Ultimately, if you choose to play this game, don't expect a challenge, don' expect smooth controls, do expect to move slowly through the game, and be prepared for a faith heavy last half.edit:A continual misinterpretation with my review was that I was offended by the faith in the game, when I feel that I was pretty clear that I simply could not relate to it. The assumption that faith is universal, and therefor all people should be able to play this game and relate to it is completely ignorant. Faith is no more universal than any other belief.To be clear here, had the game ended with aliens abducting Joel, I would not have been able to relate to that either. Had the game ended with Joel suddenly gaining mutant super powers, destroying cancer, and then flying to the center of the earth to procure a cure for all cancer patients, then again, I would not have been able to relate to this either.The best parts of the game were the REAL ones. The frustrating night(s), the memories, the moments of just Joel and his parents, the final prognosis.... These parts of the game were absolutely fantastic. They are universal because human suffering is universal. You don't have to have lost a child to sympathize with the pain the Green's describe in these sections.Ryan actually has one of the best lines in the game. Near the end Amy is apologizing to him for being upset that they took different routes through grief to arrive at the same place. And she wraps up by saying, ""But at least we both know Joel will be ok."" Ryan responds, ""I don't."". Amy asks, ""You don't what?"" And Ryan finishes by saying, ""I don't know that he will be ok. I hope he will... but I don't know that he will.""That is the ""delusion"" I was speaking of. The delusion of believing he will be ok no matter what the doctor says, no matter how far Joel deteriorates, and no matter how harsh reality is. And Ryan has lucid moments during those times where he questions these things, but ultimately, Joel's death is too much for him and he rushes back to his faith for that final comfort. As I said originally, I do not fault the Green's for their faith. I would never ask them to change this game. It is their experience. But to say that I, or anyone/everyone else should be able to relate to this experience is absolutely ignorant. If I were to design a game that dealt with the loss of a loved one with zero with zero faith, or even overt denials of faith, then would it be realistic for me to blindly state that everyone should be able to relate to my point of view? Not at all.Edit 2:It's been nearly a year since I've published this review and I have had to delete nearly 100 comments that are along the lines of ""go kill yourself"", ""♥♥♥♥ you athiest"", and other wannabe creative insults comprised of nothing more than curse words and personal attacks based on nothing more than the fact that I was unable to relate to this game.It reflects negatively on this subset of christians whom are incapable of understanding that there are people in this world that don't share their extremely specific view of how and why the universe exists."
76561198307503968,Recommended,419460,23479935,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,nodeye,"FOUR STARS. BUT............I wanted to love this game, AND I DO, but about halfway through it gets REAL preachy. I am NOT religious at all and it took me right out of the experience I was having. (which was wonderful and sweet,up to a point)I have family that I have lost due to cancer and this game brought up a lot of feelings and is very well done.But if you are not religious and that kind of thing doesnt appeal to you I cant say you will like it as much as someone who does have the burden of religion weighing them down.I will say that I did cry up until a certain point and then it got hard for me to relate to them.I do recommend a play through because it is a wonderful way to remember someone that was loved very much.But its hard to take anything away from it other than that when I dont believe the same things they do.Still amazing, and very beautiful.I did have some idea about the religious part of it from the trailer and the description but I thought it would be more subtle.This was just face blasting me with god at certain points which ruined it for me.But, to each their own. I am not writing this to judge anyone, just letting the other godless heathens like myself know whats up.But I am still glad I got to play something that meant so much to this family."
,Recommended,419460,20839767,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,TITOMOSQUITO187,"Cancer. Tragedy.Two words that have ended as synonymous far more often than anyone cares to remember. Cancer and other terminal illnesses are something that almost all of us have been touched by in some way. Whether it be from a person very close to us, ourselves, or just someone that has influenced us in some way. If it hasn't, odds are it will at some point in your life. These diseases invariably impact us in a negative and tragic way. We have experienced loss due to them and watched others suffer unimaginable pain trying to survive and fight to stay alive.At the same time there is defintiely something else that comes from experiences of dealing with ternminal illness. While contemplating the losses that are sure to come, one can't help but think of all the ways we discover the true value of beauty, life, and love as it is slipping away. Our senses to these feelings become more acute. We realize what matters to us. What we would really miss if we weren't here. We contemplate wasted time and struggle to determine what is actually valuable and worthwhile while we have such a short time to experience life.As we look back on those we lost, we understand that these people are part of human history. Everyone has their own story. We wonder if we may have an impact that can be somewhat immortal after we are gone by making sure we do something that will be remembered. Is this what matters for a life? Is it impacting others in a way that makes them remember us, or is that not really what is important? Is it important to just give as much as we can while we are here to help others, regardless of how long we are remembered, or do we have a duty to leave something behind that lasts well beyond or time on Earth? What is most important?Those that deal with terminal illnesses where they have a sense of not just how they will die, but roughly when they will die are more likely to contemplate these things I reckon. I know watching someone I care about dying from such an illness makes me think about these things, and how much time I waste on things I deem to be pointless. A story like this makes me think about all these same things.'That Dragon, Cancer' is a true story about a very small boy that gets cancer when he is only a couple years old. We listen to the voices of his parents, siblings, and of the boy as he fights cancer. We hear the inner dialogues that his parents have with themselves. How distraught they feel, how scared they are, how helpless they feel about it. We also see how they use faith in ""God"" to help them through it. One parent has almost no doubts about their faith, while the other questions it in many ways.As a player we can feel an enormous amount of sorrow while playing through it. We know that everyone involved is dealing with cancer on a daily basis and their lives are in a struggle fighting ""That dragon, cancer"" as it is described. The game is broken into several sections in which we see random blocky sort of graphics in an abstract style. There isn't much in the form of mechanics other than clicking on objects to move the world around and get more commentary. IT is a ""walking simulator"". Many of the scenes we hear are live voice acting that I have to assume are either re-enacted, or were saved through video, or recordings when they happened originally. We hear the parents talking to the kids and sharing normal daily moments like singing lullabyes before bedtime, their sons laughing and joking, and many many instances of their son Joel, who has the illness, laughing. (I am guessing this is really him, but I have no idea). It really gives us the feeling of what they are going through and we feel like we are getting to know them as real people.We aren't just getting voices form the family, however. As we walk through hospital halls we are able to see some real life artworks from cancer patients and dozens of personal notes, which I assume are those that have come together for the project, or met the developer and family through their own battles with cancer. These are displayed as greeting cards all over tables and hanging on walls throughout hospital rooms during certain sections. Must be at least 100 of these and I read every single one of them, which is why my playtime is higher than most. Some were survivors, some are just positive messages to go on, and some are memorials to those that have lost the fight. Many of which are small children that makes your heart ache that much more. Also, we have personal letters that are read with voice acting in other scenes about the experiences some have had as well.While the major theme of this is dealing with cancer there is another significant theme throughout this game as well that deals with the parents' belief and faith in ""God"" (Christian God since they mention Jesus a few times). As a non-believer this is familiar as we live in a society that is mostly believers so it isn't anything new. What I found interesting here was that it was a great look into the mind of a believer in my eyes. It gives some insight into how they think, as well as a lot of examples of why they do believe, or can convince themselves to. While it may, or may not be intentional to give a counter-point, one of the two characters even has significant doubts and asks many logical questions that many non-believers once asked before they became non-believers. Yet, he does not. This gave me some thoughts of how much one can love a mate, or they have such fears of being alone and losing a mate, that they may simply lie to them, or themselves about belief like this to placate a wife/husband, or to stay together due to a possible breaking of the family. I am sure many believers hide their non-belief due to the possible consequences of being found out. I won't stay on this topic any longer, but belief in a higher power definitely has a significant role in this game. I think most can expect that from a story that portrays a tremendous loss such as a child trying to find answers. This is THEIR story, and they are believers so of course it covers these themes. They aren't writing about me after all.Overall, the game absolutely should make you cry. If you are in the right mindset and feel like playing such a game then by all means do I recommend it. I don't think rating this game makes sense, or trying to say buy it on sale, or not. If you can relate to, or want to you will play it eventually.  I suggest that you try to immerse yourself into it philosophically as well as emotionally to get as much as you can out of it too. Read all the cards you see, view all the artwork, etc. These all gave me a lot of thoughts about just how important a single person can be to others, and how significant their lives are to the meaning of someone else's. Just how many histories there are out there that deal with this type of loss. It made me want to hug someone I cared about today and let them know that I love them, and that I am glad I have the chance to know them.Take care. :)I nominated this for: ""The “I'm Not Crying, There's Something In My Eye” Award"" in the 2016 Steam Awards :D"
,Recommended,419460,28135679,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,StudMuffinMcGee,"Guys I swear, I was sitting in a room full of onions while playing this game. I'm a grown man, and That Dragon, Cancer tore me to shreads."
,Recommended,419460,20506145,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Vic=HKC=,"This is the story of Joel. This brave hero was a young kid that had to fight a very very big bad dragon going by the name of Cancer. And Cancer had also a huge impact on his parents and family. From trying to make him smile by playing with him to keep him company in a place where doctors are trying to cure and defeat Cancer, Joel will never be alone.And what Joel doesn't know is the phone calls between his daddy and mommy, their thoughts during grow-up talks, their darkest moments but also their unwaiving love and faith. And besides, for Joel, when he goes home, it's like a giant Super Mario Kart's party. When there is a story to tell, he's the brave knight. And Joel isn't alone. Daddy is there to give him hugs, mommy is singing.But That Dragon, Cancer is also a tribute to those who survived Cancer and those who died and remembered fondly by their family. True, you'll cry. Joel is playing, you stop and he's not here anymore. You read cards and letters from survivors and family having lost a dear one and you're torn between hope and sadness.The only thing you can do is to walk, to explore, to read and listen to Joel's parents thoughts, whether it's filled with life or filled with anger/sadness/depression. You play. The only thing that matters is to listen to Joel (or anyone voicing him, because Joel was mute because of Cancer) and to make him laugh. That's your goal. Care for him. Anyone knowing the history behind the game knows the end.And the game is so colorful and so dark by moments. But always filled with hope. Love. Faith because God is mentionned a lot as the family is believing in Him. You can be from any religion, from any belief, even the atheist one, you'll be touched.Playing that game is paying a tribute to everyone who lost againt Cancer, to everyone that pinned down Cancer so Cancer leaves them alone, to everyone that saw Cancer attacking their loved one and that were feeling so powerless that the only thing they could do was caring, holding an hand, crying and mainly giving so much love so that their loved one don't feel alone or unloved, to keep at bay the darkness, to try to find the light when the darkness is too much...This game is also a way to find life again for the Green family. Everyone have to find a way to live after loosing someone to Cancer. I've a story family with: my great-grandfather, my great-grandmother and my grandmother died of that sickness. I'm at risk as it's one of these cancers that could be genetical (you know, ovaries, breasts, etc...). Even the game isn't representing what I lived as a family member, not that I was too young, but because I had my own problems at the time, I still remember the day I've learned about it. I still remember the day my grandmother couldn't walk anymore, couldn't eat anymore, staying in an hospital bed. I still remember the ER, the hospital room, the wig (we laughed about it because she had the same haircut as me)...I don't care if I didn't really review this game, though I've said what I would say normally in other words. I tend to write in that style when emotional,  like I was inventing a novel or making philosophical texts.And if anything, that game deserves the best I can write."
76561198031506239,Recommended,419460,21858695,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Ambiepuur,"Cancer. Still a really terrible thing.. It's beautifull how the makers immers you to a moment where a family has to deal with it. It's almost a feeling that you are part of them. Heartbreaking to hear a child screaming and crying because he's in pain. When I played the game I already got the feeling it wouldn't end well and even with this knowledge I still wanted to play it. I love the art and the music and voice-overs are really well done.It really is a reality slap and it makes me think about life and that you (or speaking for myself) need to enjoy it now when it still can. Because before you know it, it is over.I really recommend this game!"
,Recommended,419460,26551089,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,-FD- Dr. Venture,"I don't think I've ever read a book, or watched a movie that's hit me as strong as That Dragon, Cancer has. I am very humbled by hearing Joel's story."
,Recommended,419460,20615855,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Someone,crying simulator 2016
,Recommended,419460,20546382,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Sweet Dee,"I laughed. I cried.I sometimes got frustrated with the controls.But overall, I really admired what this game is grappling with, sometimes very successfully, sometimes less so. If you're interested in experimental narrative games like Thirty Flights of Loving or The Beginner's Guide, you won't regret picking this game up. Just make sure you approach it in a receptive mood with some extra patience for awkward controls. I would also try not to look too much into the reporting around the game and just play it for what it is first.As a non-religious person, not yet a parent, and lucky enough never to have lost anyone close to me to cancer, I could seem like the worst possible audience for this game. However, I actually feel like this game taught me a lot, and that it has helped prepare me for a part of life that we will all have to deal with one day. I can picture myself sitting in a hospital room years or decades from now and thinking back to the raw--but beautiful--imagery of this game and the deep questions that it asks. This is a gift that I will carry with me always. This is what experiential narrative games can be.After reading more about the family and the making of the game itself, I wished that TD,C had gone into more detail about Amy and Ryan as a couple. Amy originally seemed convinced that Joel's miraculous recovery would inspire others in their Christianity, and as that dream slowly fades, I wanted to know more about the impact that had on their faith and their relationship.But I can understand why the developers shifted gears to making the game more of a memorial to Joel, when it started out as a game more focused on the impact Joel's cancer had on his parents. Joel only recently passed away. Amy and Ryan agree in-game that ""we ended up in the same place,"" in terms of their faith, but as a player things felt more fragile. This is a game very much written ""from the trenches"" of loss and pain, rather than from the typical distance that developers are able to take from these issues. I think that is what makes this game so unique. Its immediacy and lack of distance can be jarring, and as a player, even one who typically plays narrative games, it can be hard to know how to react.At the beginning of this review, when I said I laughed while playing this game, I meant it. I laughed hard at Joe's giggle, at the antics of Joel's siblings and at his parents' witty frustration with ""cancer culture."" I also mourned, brutally, for the loss at the center of this game. As the game says at one point--and I'm not sure about the exact quote--living through cancer, just like living through life, is ""all the things""--happiness, joy, sadness, skepticism, sarcasm, irritation, love, and again, so much joy.Thank you to Ryan and Amy Green for sharing your experience with us. I miss Joel, too."
76561197969387815,Recommended,419460,32948268,Posted: 28 June,all,jp3raptor,"even though I recommend the game, I feel you should be aware religion is a very large part of this game"
,Recommended,419460,22829739,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,[HT][SRTBD]Robocreator223,"I don't cry alot.Still cried alot.I'm sorry for your loss, Mrs and Mr. Green."
,Recommended,419460,20486635,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,York,"I went into this thinking it was about cancer, but it's more than that, it's about life and the struggles some of us face.As human beings we are very good at hiding what we don't want to see, it's easier after all, but what if you can't hide it? What if with no choice you have to face the unthinkable.This is what That Dragon, Cancer was about to me, but to you it could be about something else and thats where it shows its grace, because this story can be about self-reflection if you let it. And you should.To Ryan and Family, Thankyou for sharing your story with me, I will remember it."
,Recommended,419460,21806246,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Fenity,"I don't generally write reviews for  games, but this one warrented it.I picked up and played this game for a series I'm doing with friends, and I wouldn't have heard about it any other way.This game is beautifully done. The story is incredibly touching, the visuals are amazing, the music is fantastic, and the progression of the game is done amazingly well. It is a great atmospheric experience that really envelops the played.With that being said, it's not my type of video game. If you like the atmospheric story-based minimal games, I'd recommend playing this. It's very sad and there isn't much going on, it's almost movie-like. There are no choices, and you're just goign through the progression of a story line (very simply)."
76561197976066168,Recommended,419460,28960598,Posted: 2 January,all,Traeh,"As a physician, I often find myself knee deep in the situations presented by the Greens in this game but from the perpective of the doctor rather than the patients. In the hospital room, I stare into the faces of patients and family members who often stare back in wrapt attention as I explain a diagnosis, a prognosis, or a recommendation.A whole body of literature exists to tell me what those faces are feeling behind the eyes. I have read my share of that literature and have learned some of the fears, hopes, dreams, etc. that I should address in my role as physician.Still, games have always evoked more emotion in me than books or movies. This is true for numerous reasons that have been expounded upon by better writers than I elsewhere. I have read and watched the story of grief before. I certainly have been moved.But from the Greens' production, I cried buckets. I gained an empathy that could only be presented in this fashion. The subtle manner in which you interact just... that... little... bit... in this ""game"" grabs you! It grabs you and drags you through this family's troubles in all its complexity. Much recommend."
,Recommended,419460,32214310,Posted: 5 June,all,Zap Rowsdower,"Brutal!!Parts of this ""game"" are very difficult to experience.I felt more than I expected to and am glad I opened myself up to it.I do not understand why people would be critical of the ""gameplay"" in this.Thank-you for sharing yourselves and Joel with us!"
,Recommended,419460,20601063,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Blake Eros,"After ""Playing"" this game, I don't think there is any conventional way to review it.First thing I will say is that this is not a game in the traditional sense, it is a narrative experience.Although I give this a firm ""Thumbs up"", I would not recommend it, especially for those that have an emotional sense of attatcthment .You know what, I'm not even going to pretend to try and review this game.If you fancy it, do a little research first..... ""Joel Green""It is a perfect example of artistry, reflectng life. Despite it's graphics. this is not for the faint hearted.To the ""Green"" family, I am incredibly grateful that I was given the oppurtunity to experience what you had to live with. It will forever stick in my mind, and so will the ""Green""s in name,Stay strong and live well!"
76561198015233775,Recommended,419460,24171173,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,CaptainKush,A game that reminds you how precious life is.
76561197989132185,Recommended,419460,20489756,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,pulp-reduced,"This is heavy. Far too heavy to really write about. One has to approach a project like this with a certain degree of carefulness as to not pinch a nerve. It's a short experience, game, call it whatever – it is not of interest, it is not appropriate to consider – but it has a lot of talking points. Themes run through this game in a very condensed manner, through minimalist artistry and an ambient atmosphere soundscape sharply conveyed in tandem with the subject matter. As most games tend to some extent be grand and impersonal, with an amount of graphical detail that That Dragon, Cancer cannot match, few games come close to the intimacy of this game. Even with facelessness there is character, and the voice acting portrays the countenance of despair better than any animation could. Here we are not shown a narrative on a grand scale, instead the focal point runs inward, towards the core family dynamic in the process of losing one of its members, and it hurts.What one could call levels in other games are perhaps best put as scenes in That Dragon, Cancer. The player, or observer, inhabits the bird's eye view, although quite literally which does not fit with the term “bird's eye view”. One is loaded into a scene of varying degree of bizarreness depending on whether or not it's in a symbolic realm or in a scene attempting to, with a minimalist impressionist style, capture a memory as is. While the game, I assume, tries to mix up the somberness of this very dire subject matter with some depictions of joyous memories, I found the merriment to be most gut-wrenching. Before death, that which negates the positive experience of joy, I feel the diminishing of each such moment to no longer be a fight, a hopefulness or an alignment with God, but a mirror to the great negator. A mirror situated before the face of death. God is the great escape. As the knight in Seventh Seal puts it:We must make an idol of our fear, and that idol we shall call God.Perhaps in this intimate setting, where we follow a family in their dealings with death, the religious experience, or where faith becomes a supplement for knowledge, we find the grandness that perhaps did not belong. When tragedy is belied, misconstrued as a test of faith, or when the symbolic obfuscation of the true object of fear creates an “out”, we no longer find intimacy, we find absolute oblivion. Any form of true interaction between humans is interchanged with an ersatz of divine comfort. And this escape, which is portrayed in this game to the nth degree, is what is most forlorn in the face of death. Because once, if, let's say, as a thought experiment, we do not capitulate to the grace of God, what then? What comfort is there in our pain? If our pain is insignificant for the other, especially for the big Other. The game alludes to the troubles of flatus vocis, a category wherein God belongs at least to me, but to the game, to this family, it is a trouble of the weakness of platitudes. What are words compared to the suffering of this child? Of the people who love this child? What are words in comparison to the actual death of flesh that we are all facing. I cannot begrudge the plead for something that would calcify our significance in this world, perhaps especially our departing from it, that death should have significance for it to not ruin us. My issue is only with the ease of which one disappears from the horror of natural life, from our lifeworld/lebenswelt by way of God or any sort of deus ex machina for the despairing narrative of our subjects.No matter what your religious leanings or non-leanings may be, there is immense beauty encapsulated in this experience. I was brought out of the experience once due to a somewhat silent and weird bubble-blowing scene that was a bit too long for its emotional impact, but that might also just have been my own disregard for the religious detour and its beauty. Other than this incidence, most of it hits you hard. You know it is real and it hits you hard. The visuals are as stated before, minimalist, but vibrant and oddly enough fits perfectly with the idea of this being a looking-back, a memory not vividly there. It is not being lived, it is a reliving with everything fitting that oneiric haze of a memory. There is a lot of imagery that fits with this existential depth one falls into when dealing with death, there is the clichéd cosmic indifference that come with 1900th century scientism and the subsequent dehiscence between man and faith, all adding to the effect that introspection already should have had on you.Musically there is a similar finesse to every scene. Noise, drone and ambiance when focus is on something else, where the soundscape is tailor made to enhance a visual or a voice actor's performance, and silent sections with a more instrumental punch where the music speaks for itself. There is an elegance to the production of this game, an understanding of what is at hand here in terms of themes and portrayal of something very close to many people, especially themselves.Everything in That Dragon, Cancer has been made with so much care. Obviously with a game like this you cannot haphazardly throw something together, you can't make it cynical, you cannot fail in any regard whatsoever for to do so would be to squander an opportunity for a heart-wrenchingly personal game that I'm sure resonate deeply with a lot of people. I sincerely do not think anything here is a failure. This game is a depiction of both the process of dying and death, of being an other, being “here” while that somebody is “there”, being helpless, falling victim to the unknown and the desperation it brings out in people; and it was effective. Nothing about this is easy. I don't think it ever will be, or ever should be. However, I do think it is important. I think it's important to know, to encroach on this otherwise very personal story through this medium. Moreover, I think it's important to know what you cannot know. I think it's important being able to feel “this”, and letting others deal with that in whatever way they see fit. To feel the lack of the unknown, to feel the negation of life, and to be an observer of the onerous path towards it, both physically and mentally.There is a lot more to say, a lot more to discover and think about, a lot more to feel. Succinctly put: I'd recommend you just play it and find out by yourself. But maybe not alone."
76561198068534122,Recommended,419460,28152562,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,ritianfitchett,"Disclaimer: this is not a ""game"" by any stretch of the word, so I won't review it as if it were. Do not get this if you want an adventure, or fun, or an incredible script or performance. Do not get this if you are not willing to sit down with a box of tissues and engage in some internal soul-searching.That Dragon, Cancer is a awesome, soul-crushing portrayal of Cosmic Horror. It is an unashamed, uncensored outpouring of the hearts of a family who's struggle brought them to the edge of everything they were. All their hope, faith, fear, joy and misery measured against the silent, unwavering indifference of death.That Dragon, Cancer will attempt to take you to the edge of everything you are and leave you there questioning the reasons you struggle at all. It will not convince you of good, or of God, or of hope; but it will change your perspective. You may enter wondering ""why bother living if I'm going to die"", but you will leave asking ""why fear death while I'm still living""? In the end, that change of heart is among the greatest of achievements."
,Recommended,419460,26530607,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,R.I.P Nestor Madrigal,"This game was beyond beautiful, The story itself is extremely strong, It got to the point where.. It just makes you think over your life.. and makes you see your problems as nothing big..Honestly, I would never want to imagine myself in this position, I never have, But i can imagine that it must be the worst feeling and extremely painful.This game really has nothing BIG to be expected, It's just a story about Joel, And the things the parents had gone through, and let me tell you, The story, is beyond beautiful!!You get to the point where you start feeling the agony the family went through, and depending on the kind of person that you are, It'll get to you... Probably not make you cry, but it'll make you sad, maybe even depress you...But those feelings towards the end, are worth it because they make you look at your life, your problems, completely different..Nominated for the “I'M NOT CRYING, THERE'S SOMETHING IN MY EYE” award!!"
,Recommended,419460,20484443,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,TrueKirby,"A very touching, heart-breaking and wonderfully unique experience."
76561198002377342,Not Recommended,419460,21807711,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Destroyer of Antique Pottery,"I feel that any attempts to judge a artistically embellished autobiographic account as tragic as this tale would only be misinterpreted as malicious. However, I assure you that I am not coming from a place of ill-intent; I am merely being honest with my own personal experience.That being said, this is a woefully earnest tale of faith, love, and loss. It presents these mournful concepts with symbolic, and sometimes straightforward minigames that will make you feel something bittersweet. The dialogue is beautifully poetic and somber, and the dramatic impact is futher reinforced by wonderful music and superb vocal performances.However, although it feels pointless to gripe about the mechanical aspects of this title, I have to be honest; the interface is particularly clunky in its restrictive way of navigating the environments and story. I understand that it is a narrative experience more than a traditional game, but I felt that it should be addressed. I was genuniely engaged and wanted to see more, but more often than not, general navigation and interaction was a chore.Also, as a warning to those with adverse reactions to the mere mention of religion, this title has prevalent and reoccuring themes of faith that may alienate some players. During these particular segments I personally found it difficult to empathize fully with the game, although I still wholeheartedly understood and sympathized.In conclusion, ""That Dragon, Cancer"" is beautiful, but not for everyone. Althought I could not connect with it as much as I had hoped, I am genuinely glad that something like that exists in the medium, even if it wasn't particularly made for me. And them I remember: it wasn't made for me. It was made for Joel, the child who fought so hard and was loved so dearly."
76561198145450810,Recommended,419460,20512151,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,R3kev1n,"""WOW!"" is pretty much all I can say right now.  This game takes you on such a journey I never thought possible until now.  I won't lie in the beginning I was a little confused about the story line.  Being someone who has lost a very close loved one, my father, to cancer this game really hit all of those same emotions.  Standing there in the hospital and reading every single one of those cards and looking at all of the paintings was by far the hardest part about it.  This game is beautifully made and amazingly well told.  Just be prepared to cry because lord knows I did."
,Recommended,419460,23645344,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,The Jthrill,"This game is brilliant, heartwrending, but somehow uplifting.  It's about how you fight, and where you draw your strength when there is no clear victory in sight. I wish I could play this game again for the first time."
,Recommended,419460,23678375,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Bravocash,"I'm sorry for your loss, thank you for sharing Joel's story."
,Recommended,419460,20906250,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Zenny,"Man, ♥♥♥♥ cancer.---------------------------------2/28/16Serious review:This is a heavy game. There's no other way to put it. The degree this game affects you can vary depending your feelings on very personal subjects (religion, in particular) but, at the end of the day, this is a heavy, very human, very interesting game.Essentially, this is a mechanically simple point-and-click game. While the player may be distracted by the myriad vistas it has to offer, the path the player must go through to progress is plainly laid out. The style of graphics (a kind of Out of This World-style polygonal format) follows suit with the simplicity of the controls, and does more to attract the player to the story, rather than take away from it. What really matters in That Dragon, Cancer, though, is the writing.Ryan Green's prose is purely sincere, and this sincerity shines through in its range of complexity. At times, he will quote and create passages that would fit well in any poem but, in darker moments, he will discard all pretension and lay out his bare feelings. In either instance, it is always easy to understand his level of distress, anger, fear, despair, and hope each time he speaks. If I had to pick an excellent sample of his writing, I'd choose the following statement he makes near the beginning, presumably speaking of cancer itself:""Fear is cancer's preservative. Cancer's embalming oil. And you, oh Accuser, are fear's oil salesman. You're a snake. A serpent. A dragon with snuffed out coal on his breath. Molting, talons broken from the struggle to free yourself of your own skin.""While it's an excellent bit of writing in itself, the accompanying reading by Ryan hammers home the bitter, personal hatred he has for the disease. It's the combination of writing and voice acting that really kept me hooked, and hearing Ryan emote was just as meaningful, if not more so, than any image provided.If there was to be any criticism in my experience with this game, it would be that it's...disjointed. It feels like the game was made when this tragedy was ongoing, which makes it a bit difficult to follow as far as what point in this all the chapters take place. On the other hand, this does give a more raw feel to the whole game, making it seem more like these chapters were made in the moment, rather than a recollection. Still, this can be a bit troubling when trying to follow a timeline.In summary: this game was not entertaining. It was not fun. However, I can say with full confidence that this was engaging. I paid full price for this and honestly don't regret a second, as I got an experience that was more emotionally draining and impactful than any game that I have played in recent memory, and quite possibly ever."
76561197998874395,Recommended,419460,32967037,Posted: 28 June,all,wikkid,"This is a hard game.There are certain scenes in this game that almost brought me to tears.I do reccomend that everyone play this game and although I do reccomend it -Religion is huge in this game. As an Atheist personally I do feel it almost ruined certain parts of this game for me - even though I am able to overlook them for the bigger story it is a lot.BUT as a personal story I am at no liberty to say it should have been not included.Just a warning, I was able to get past it to experience this.A must try if you can stomach it."
,Recommended,419460,28884330,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Johnny Knoxville,I'm a grown woman and I cried at a baby and dog eating pancakes together.
,Recommended,419460,20511426,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Slome-Gast,"If you have not received your daily dose of feels yet, this is the perfect 1-2 hour journey.A virtual journey that is beyond beautiful in a way love can be heartwarming, and in a way grief can be dispiriting.Thank you Amy and Ryan Green for sharing your story with us, you made me feel emotions I have never felt before and think thoughts I have never thought before.Much love towards Joel Evan Green, may you rest in peace."
,Not Recommended,419460,21353197,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Joseph,"I will keep this quick because I feel that a number of of other people have outlined the gameplay, story, pricing issues etc. But there is one point that I feel hasn't been covered enough.I went into this game expecting an emotional rollercoaster and it did make me tear up in one scene focused on the emotions, pain and conflicts experienced by the developers. However, about halfway in, this game becomes VERY focused on religion and faith. Some could (and do) argue that this is all part of the family's experience and is relevant to the story. While I do not think its fair to insult, criticise or question their beliefs - to each their own - I do think it is fair to inform those about to drop 10-15 dollars on this game. As someone who doesn't share their faith, I found this element (religion) quite alienating and prevented me from ""connecting"" with the characters and the story overall. As such, the powerful experience that was had by others, was kind of lost on me.This has probably got a lot more to do with me than them, but I'm saying this now because none of the comments I read told me how much of a part this element (faith, religion) played, and had they mentioned it, I probably would not have bought this one.Regardless, my thoughts and condolences do go out to the family."
76561197972416508,Recommended,419460,29616994,Posted: 31 January,all,Fluffy Cute Bunny,"It took me weeks to ""play"" through what is a two hour ""game""..  It is heart-wrenching and painful to go through.  I have no words that I can offer to any parent who has to experience such a tragedy.To the developers: thank you for sharing such a personal experience and thing of beauty.  What a lovely creation to honor your son.  This is truly a work of art."
76561198044004377,Recommended,419460,25686279,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Balferon,"I just wanna say , this was an  interactive experiance that change  my selfish outlook on life ."
,Recommended,419460,23900360,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,hawthorne007,"No I'm not crying, I just got something in my eyes...yes both of them."
76561198263728322,Recommended,419460,22710291,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Mrs. Shyoo,"the game is amazing and very emotional.I cried so many times during the game-play.I feel hope, and emptyness, growing together in my brain.my brother had cancer.he survived.my heart goes to you.I wish I could talk to the developer in one way or another.I have so many things to say.thank you..."
,Recommended,419460,34246504,Posted: 14 August,all,l u c i d,are you ready for a feel trip?
,Recommended,419460,34452682,Posted: 23 August,all,SimbasDaddy,"I lost my bird, Roger, two days ago. He was the light of my life. This game hits you like a truck. If you have ever lost anybody you love, play this masterpiece. Fly on, little Roger. I love you with all of my heart, forever and always."
76561198237195260,Recommended,419460,24326599,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,SnoopDaddyAxolotlJanePwanda,"This was a journey.An emotionally jarring jouney.God bless this game because holy hell I have never cried so much over a story.The Green family deserves the peace I hope they have.Rest, Joel. You beat that dragon into the ground."
76561198050675993,Recommended,419460,20517968,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Al Gore,"""The Dragon, Cancer"" is a game of positive and negative extremes. Dependent on what you were looking for from this game, you will either be satisfied, or you won't be.Let’s start with what this game does well-- The way that this game captures emotions, and the way it depicts Joel in particular, is astonishing. Making Joel laugh, watching him play, it adds authenticity to an innocent child who is totally oblivious to the horrible reality of his future. The fact that the games events are directly tied to a true story, and the decision to include voice acting from many of the real people who lived it, gives this game a juggernaut of a narrative that cannot be matched by nearly any other narrative-driven game. For these reasons, this was the most tear-jerking game I have ever played.Unfortunately, there are many things that this game does wrong-- This game tried too many ambitious ideas that either completely fell flat, or were counter-intuitive and insulting to the whole point of the game. First and foremost, the decision to include bizarre mini-games such as the go-kart segment or the dragon ""boss battle"" segment (from which the game's name derives), were both unfortunate inclusion that distracted and dampened the emotional weight of the game. These were wonky, half- baked efforts to diversify the narrative that did more harm than good.- As a game, there's more bad news. There are numerous segments where it is not clear how to advance. This seems to have been done on purpose to force the player to become immersed and only worry about progression later on, but it actually has the opposite effect. It can lead to things like walking around aimlessly for extended periods of time, hearing the same lines of dialogue over and over again before you can figure out what you are actually supposed to do, or watching the same animations repeated over and over.- In addition, the decision to heavily emphasize Christian imagery and beliefs in the second half of the game was questionable. While this may have been a significant factor in the lives of the real people who dealt with these events, this creates issues in the context of a game, and it is for good reason that divisive issues like religion do not usually get included in video games. It dampens the impact of the narrative for people of differing religious beliefs, and, in the worst of cases, could offend some people.- And finally, there is the issue of length. This game does a lot in its short length, but a $15 game that you can beat in 1 to 2 hours is a weak bargain.Final Verdict-You may be wondering, if I had so much negative stuff to say about this game, why I still gave it a recommendation. This goes back to what I said earlier- everything depends on what you expect to get out of this game. If you expect a heart- wrenching narrative that explores the life of a young child and his family going through the ultimate test to their willpower, then you will definitely not be disappointed (I definitely was not disappointed personally). However, if you buy this game expecting anything more (a sizeable duration, diverse or engaging gameplay, etc.) you will be disappointed. Consider how important these things are to you before you make a decision about buying the game."
,Recommended,419460,28142179,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Jesse. ッ,"Instantly in my top 3 best games I've ever played. One of the best, if not the best story I've played through. Thank you."
76561198161859339,Recommended,419460,24254459,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,tigertactics,"I just completed this game. I'm not much of a crier, but this masterpiece made me shed more than a few tears. I highly recommend. The theme is ""grace"". You do not have to be a christian, or even believe in any sort of higher power to have this game greatly effect you. If you are having faith problems, or even consider yourself an athiest, this game is more than likely to make you believe in a God."
,Recommended,419460,24143748,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,huntoruk,It's interactive movie more than a game. You are crying certainly. I am so sory for joel. Thanks for sharing his story.
,Recommended,419460,21082613,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Hanosandy,"This game is... a MUST play for anyone thinking about ever being a parent or even just getting married.  I am a parent of a young daughter, and this game effected me greatly.  One of, if not the most, emotional games of the last 20 years.  It takes on a very serious subject matter (cancer), and really drives home the emotions associated with it for all parties involved.  Anyone who has known someone close going through cancer should play this game as a healing process in their minds.  I don't want to reveal too much about the plot line, but it's fantastic.  The art style is perfect.  Game control is great with either a controller or a keyboard and mouse combination.  Sound is all recorded in real world voices, and sounds.  If the end of this game doesn't effect you greatly, you aren't ♥♥♥♥ing human - period.  It's a four hours long game, and worth every second.  It plays like a movie or story unfolding.  Don't expect puzzles or any standard video game elements.  This is an interactive story that is needed to be told and understood by any mature person.  I hope you enjoy it, as much as my wife and I did.  Also this game made my daughter (1 year old) both laugh and cry.  The real mother, father and child do the voices and sound effects...as well as their other children. That is all I will reveal."
,Recommended,419460,24360638,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Vi The Ghost,"If someone tells you video games aren't art, gift them this game.It is an absolute masterpiece. I felt more emotions in just two hours than I have in the past several years. Not only is the writing great, but the score, art style, and overall atmosphere is absolutely stunning. This game is worth every penny the price asks for.To Ryan and Amy Green, as well as everyone else affected by this, I'm so sorry for your loss, and thank you for sharing your story."
,Recommended,419460,23880630,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,TonightEmpireHero,"So thanks to Good Game which is a tv show on ABC in Australia I found out about this gameI knew since the begining I was gonna deal with feelsNow while I am not interested in the christrain reglion due to the extremes of people in it runining it for meThis was actually done properly in a way of people who aren't insane or stupid about itOne of my fave bits of this game was when the children were told the story about the dragon cancer and saying how logically Joel is a baby and a dragon can kill the babyshowing a lot of realism in this which makes sense since this is based of a true storyThere were moments I felt the pain of the parents moments I felt like I was in their shoesI don't have children and personally don't want toobut if I ever did and was dealing with a child who had cancer so much emotions and pain would come with itsadnessangerfearAnother moment in this game was when the father feels like hes drowning while the mother was on a boat still trying to have hopeAs I said while I am not a reglious/christain person and more believe in the satanism reglion but more in a aithest wayI think its good to push my own views aside about how I feel about a ""god"" and see from the perpecpestive of this gameI know I keep bringing up reglion but it is one of the big themes in this game due to the parnets viewsAt times I felt like this game could also work with VR due to the walking and seeing everything if VR becomes more of a thing I really want this game remade for VR at least in my opinonI know I'm kind of rambling on at this point since I only just finshed the gamebut there was so much emotion behind it and I love emotional stuff like this it shows we are only human going through our own struggles in life and expressing it through a video game is just amazingOverallthe game may have its themes not everyone will agree with reglion wise but in generalits a beautiful story with so many feels and so much you learn wheater your a parent with children or someone with not a childCancer is a cruel evil monster and its a shame how much people have died from it even in one bits with the cards got so emotionalDragons in general maybe interesting creaturesbut the dragon cancer...Will always be a cruel dragon"
,Recommended,419460,30426539,Posted: 10 March,all,SH0KR,"This game has proven that video games can be another form of art. It not only make you cry, you also feel the shaking of your heart. Your heart will crumble into pieces because of Joel. Thank you Joel."
,Recommended,419460,27929340,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Dest|Crazy,the only game that made me cry.It was so sad and amazingly made story that really shows how much struggle they went through with this amazing baby.The graphics are  very simple so its a game everyone can play.
76561198214933165,Recommended,419460,24549002,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,ashley.johns26,"I took the two hour journey into this game, knowing full well that I was going to be going on an emotional rollar coaster.  Needless to say, I was correct.  Not only did I feel the sorrow and sadness that the Green family felt, but I also shared in the joy of Joel's laughter and beautiful ending.As the player, you switch from third person to first person as different people.  For me, this gave me the opportunity to understand how the different characters were handeling Joel's situation.  The graphics are stunning but different from other games as they show no facial details on the characters, making you imagine what the characters are going through.  I did not know going into the game, but the voice actors were the actual family, and the adorable laughing is Joel's himself; looking at this, I would not want the voice acting any other way as it adds more sentiment to the story.Many people are cautious about playing games with sadder topics like about cancer or death, but I think that everyone should give this game a try as it will affect anyone who plays it.  Overall, finding the correct words to describe this game as a whole is difficult as it makes you question uncertain topics on death or if there is an afterlife as well as questioning what would you do if you were in this situation.  These philosophical questions only make the game better, and it is by far one of the best games I played.  I would highly recommend playing this game with a box of tissues at your side because you will need them."
,Recommended,419460,20618274,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,ThePrototype,"Probably one of the saddest and greatest games I have ever played on Steam this far...Myself being a cancer survivor, I have seen and battled the mighty dragon. The dragon is mighty and won't go down without a fight. I fought hard and prevailed over my battle, but still this battle left scars and wounds that won't be forgotten. This game has touched me and helped me in so many ways.I would recommend this game to show support to the Green family and their struggle, and also I would like to thank the Green family for sharing their story with this amazing game. Thank you! From the bottom of my heart!Even though we had many prevail over the dragon, we that prevailed should never forget the ones that lost the battle...Rest In Peace Joel, you won't be forgotten comrade..."
,Recommended,419460,33765690,Posted: 24 July,all,66.6%,Awesome AFprepare to cry boys.Buy it won`t regret.One of the best rich story game.
76561198018678307,Recommended,419460,29332318,Posted: 17 January,all,Ya Boy Gingold,"Read them all. You´ll know what scene I´m talking about when you get there if you haven´t played before, and if you have, go back and do it. It´s more than worth the time."
76561197978049429,Recommended,419460,29997108,Posted: 17 February,all,Dreamcatcher,I don't usually cry but this game made me cry. Thank you so much for sharing Joel's story as you guys depicted everything perfectly. It is a shame that cancer is in fact like a dragon that is very difficult to slay. Hope you are having a great time up there Joel!
76561198091427600,Recommended,419460,23546281,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,danielpg1984,"Every once in a while, you come across a story that genuinely moves you.  Makes you feel something deep inside of you.  It's the difference between laughing out loud at something versus typing LOL as a rote response to what you read on your feed.  This story went beyond any that I had ever experienced.It didn't make me cry.  Crying can be done with your dignity intact.  Crying can be a quiet means of expressing grief.  This game made be bawl like a little child who had just lost sight of his parents in the supermarket.  Thirty minutes after finishing the game I was only just beginning to recover from it.This is not something everyone will enjoy.  I would specifically recommend you shy away from itnfor a while if you recently lost someone close to you due to cancer.  That Dragon, Cancer will dig up those feelings, will force you to deal with them even if you thought you had long since come to peace with them.This game tells a story, one too familiar to too many people.  If you play this, you must do so prepared to grieve.  This is a game worth playing, a story worth experiencing.  It is worth your time.  Just be prepared for how it will affect you after you finish it."
,Recommended,419460,30628060,Posted: 19 March,all,Paul Newman,"Shows what games can be, but struggle to express. Weird controls and strange narration jumps distract from the story, and I wish it was just a walking simulator or one-button-game, but it's just not streamlined correctly. Regardless, good to see such theme in game medium."
,Recommended,419460,25674401,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,zhuyidiwow,"Be brave to love, when you still get the chance"
,Recommended,419460,20533737,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Toby,"If you do not like point-and-clicking, this is not for you.If you are atheist or just don't believe in Christian terms, this is not for you.If you do not enjoy poetic, slow paced calm games, this is not for you.HOWEVERIf you enjoy making people happy, especially Joel, this is for you.If you smile whenever you hear a giggle from Joel, this is for you.If you are inexperienced on what it is like to take care of a disabled child, this is the experience for you.I rate it 10/10. Beautifully simplistic, with hidden meanings, symbolism and messages - as well as direct references to the bible."
,Recommended,419460,31659980,Posted: 9 May,all,LL Cool Jk,thanks for giving us this. i think about you and your family often.it was a brave and selfless thing to share.
76561198183463498,Recommended,419460,21165966,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Marksman2851,I don't usualy write reveiws on games but this one derserves a reveiw.This was an amazing game that has you play as a third person omnisent character. You go through they mind and eyes of the parents of Joel Green. The game has beuatiful music and an even more beuatiful story. The game catches you and makes you feel the story. All the good points and bad points. At the end I was even crying. This game can teach you some things about life and God. I reccommend that you should play it.
,Recommended,419460,30913851,Posted: 2 April,all,Aven-G,"A powerful, heart-wrenching narrative that tells the story of Joel Green.Heartwarming point-and-click journey composed out of real home made recordings, struggles, notes and more importantly, true emotions. Contains some short minigames/puzzles for a refreshing variety.Joel's tale takes place in a very immersive, yet simplistic world. From time to time you get to play as his father, and listen to his thoughts on the situation. The emotions I experienced playing this game were truly tearing me apart; Especially when Joel's parents question each other's faith.I recommend this game to everyone, whether you are a fan of story rich games or not. It even let me play it with my controller without any issues. The game takes around 1-2 hours to finish (If you are an idiot like me, the puzzles eventually auto-complete so you dont get stuck).Give it a shot.Story10Graphics9Audio10Gameplay7Controls8Overall9,5Overall surprisingly good for a Kickstarter funded project. Definitely one of those games that everyone should experience at some point."
,Recommended,419460,28457447,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,pluggedintogaming,"This game is beautiful and horrifying at the same time. It shows how terrible life can be, and I had to honestly muster up the courage to finally sit down and play it. Overall, the movie-length hour and a half experience led itself to some touching moments that I will remember for a long time. I have to take a moment to talk about the music, which is excellent and fits the tone almost too well, and the visuals are ambiguous with the idea that this situation could happen to anyone. Personally, I had to adjust control options, but everyone has their own preferences. This game is not perfect, there are what I guess I'd call pacing issues, but you aren't playing this for that. You are listening to the story of Joel Green, and that story is here. Please support this game."
76561198182966269,Recommended,419460,33987110,Posted: 3 August,all,Xero Metal,"Words cannot describe how tragic this experience is. I have never cried as hard in any game ever. This game is a masterpiece beyond comprehension. You leave the game as a different person. I can whole heartedly say that this is an experience I will never forget, and I'm positive you won't forget either"
,Recommended,419460,27887385,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,FortKnox,"Nominated for 'I'm not crying, there's something in my eye' award."
76561198141049468,Recommended,419460,30985964,Posted: 6 April,all,Lord English,"Foreword:My grandpa died in June last year (2016) after a six month  battle with pancreatic cancer. This January my nannie (my grandpa's wife) died within a week of being diagnosed with late stage pancreatic cancer. We literally had a week notice. To be honest, it still doesn't seem real. It still makes my chest ache with sadness to think of them both. It hurts, alot. Regardless, I cannot begin to comprehend the pain the parents felt when they learnt that their son had cancer. The pain, the sadness, the numbness and all the other roiling emotions must have been unbearable. And yet they chose to share their story with us. And it's beautiful.Gameplay:This is essentially a walking simulator with cutscenes, audioclips, reading and some minor interactions to keep you ""entertained"".Graphics:Whilst the graphics won't blow you (or your GFX card) away they do serve their function perfectly. In fact, I'd call the graphical styling 'charming'.Audio:Background music is simple but fits the mood perfectly. Audio clips are clear as are the SFX.Replayability:There isn't any.Verdict:If you've been touched by that dragon, Cancer, directly or not, you should give this 'game' a go. It will run you through all of the emotions we humans enjoy so much and you gain an insight into the experiences of two loving parents watching their child fading before their eyes. The only negative aspect of this 'game', for me, was the mountains of Bible ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Fine, you believe in God, but please stop stuffing it into every bloody note and audio clip. I get that their faith is part of their lives but the sheer amount of it began to make me feel ill.Score:8/10 - Highly recommended"
,Recommended,419460,28974665,Posted: 3 January,all,Madcybi,"I'm devastated. And impressed. First of all this is not a game. This is a message so full of love, despair and hope from loving parents to their dead son. I had tears in my eyes from the first minute...it was so touching and if you have kids yourself then you can related to the parent's struggle even more. The scene with Joel screaming...almost couldn't take it... :(RIP little fighter, hope you are well wherever you are right now..."
,Recommended,419460,30001651,Posted: 17 February,all,Skeletorrent,"I have never cried duing movies.  I have never cried during books. I have never cried during games.  I cried during That Dragon, Cancer.  It's always annoyed me when people would talk about how they cried during somthing that I didn't.  I just thought they were over-emotional.  I can assure you, this game merits crying.  I've never experenced any form of media with this kind of emotional rollar coaster.  This game is truely a masterpiece, and deserves to be played by everyone firsthand."
,Recommended,419460,22705721,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,sheep21,"Game is the wrong word for this, whatever this is, it is not a game. This has illicited one of the strongest emotional responses any media has got from me, up there with Schindlers List.I cannot reccomend this highly enough, ignore the haters on the discussion pages, this journey is incredibly powerful and I would reccomend this to everyone, even those who traditionally do not do games."
,Recommended,419460,30451424,Posted: 11 March,all,Suck me off,absolutely amazing game - it really shows what its like for the families struggling through this situation10/10 everyone should play this at some point
,Recommended,419460,20801214,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,[VGZ] AbareGamer,"I'll probably keep this simple and sweet, because I want this to be mainly about if you, the reader should buy this game and play it - regardless of my political or religious stance, for or against it.Simply put, That Dragon, Cancer is about a family's ordeal with their son's cancer, and eventual death. It deals with both the happy moments that are brought about from that small time of interaction, to both the internal turmoil it no doubt brings. It also strives to encapsulate how many of us deal with death, be it an accepting fate, or looking to God for advice.Does it handle it well? I'd say in 70% of the game, it does. That 30% also isn't bad by any means, but it's done in a prose that gives it an air of presumptiveness that I highly doubt it means to give, but I couldn't help but wanted to move on to the next scene from. That said, That Dragon, Cancer's high moments EASILY overpower these failings, and a few select chapters are exceptionally strong on their own.To avoid the longwinded discussion of ""what is a game"" and abuse of funds this title gets tied into, I think this experience is well worth the price. As usual, it's a more whole-hearted reccomendation at a sale price, but I feel it's something that everyone will get something from, be it personally or in a larger sense."
,Recommended,419460,34984157,Posted: 15 September,all,Weikai,"I bought this game after seeing the documentary Thank You for Playing, which tells of story of Ryan Green and his family as they come to terms with the terminal cancer of their son Joel. This game is his labour of love and lasting testament to his son.The game is made up of dozens of scenes, some set in the real world of hospital wards and waiting rooms, and others set in imaginary allegorical places.  It does a great job of conveying things from different perspectives; sometimes you play Ryan, sometimes his wife, or sometimes a silent observer watching events as they unfold. This is one of the game's strong points, and lets you see things from a very personal perspective.What wasn't so strong was focus and consistency. There were mini-games, linear set-pieces on rails, and in other scenes it wasn't clear at all what to do and where to go to progress. It felt sometimes like you were wandering through an art gallery but couldn't find the exit - some clearer hints might have been appreciated.A lot of the symbolism and allegory was very Christian. As a non-Christian I found it difficult sometimes to understand the message, and I reckon a lot of it went over my head. Anything as deeply personal as this was going to be hit and miss against a mass market. Nonetheless, the environments created were simple, beautiful and imaginative.For me I really, really wanted to like this game... but in the end I couldn't connect with it as I had hoped, but that doesn't mean that you shouldn't give it a chance."
,Recommended,419460,20536754,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,amnoth,the most powerful moments in this game perfectly express the difficulties of living with cancer and the suffering it causes to families. These moment mostly occur in the first half of the game. The second half at best provided a christian perspective on death and at worst felt like christian propaganda.If you're an athiest you will probably not enjoy the later part of the game. If you're openminded the later game provides a perspective of what death means to christians and how religion can be used to cope with grief but be aware it is a strong christian narrative.
76561198063366207,Recommended,419460,28191363,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,honziejr,I cried.
,Recommended,419460,34146544,Posted: 10 August,all,noodle,"I laughed, I wept, I learnt.  Amazingly constructed experience, does a lot with very little.Am recommending to doctor colleagues, may also suggest to a select few patients.Pros- One of the most emotionally engaging experiences I've had in any interactive experience.  Second only to communications simulations I've done with actors.  This game will change my practice, and I will come back to it.- Very well placed comic relief/whimsy- No achievements- Very accessible to a wide audience.  You can't 'fail', you can't really get stuck.- Plays fine with laptop trackpad + keyboard, one handed.  Great for flights.- Higher engaging moments per second than most 'core' games.  Respects your time at a lean 90-120mins playthrough.Cons- Was not what I was expecting, this is a linear walking simulator with pauses to steep in well constructed moments, which isn't eveyone's cup of tea.  It works very well, but if you must have WASD walking controls, repetitive challenges or multiple paths then this isnt for you.- But, some elements are just a festival of random clicking, this is tedious.- The god/jesus bits may really rub you the wrong way.  This works in context for coping, but if you've resisted enough evangelicals this will cause flashbacks.- The best scene, the meeting with the parents and medical staff, there is a rewind button.  When you've listened to one person and seen water, press rewind.  Then do the same for the other 3.  This is not obvious.  You will miss 3/4 of this scene if you press the button initially and give up of it.N.B above edited somewhat after watching peads oncology doctor playthough."
76561198053511979,Recommended,419460,28816395,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,sciinsane,Instructions for Hard Mode:-Get drunk-Get emotional-Try not to cryIt's a movie worth playing.RIP
,Recommended,419460,21879955,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,spideyclick,"If you're looking for a time waster, look elsewhere.I can't describe this in any way that gives the experience justice. The message shot straight to my core in a way I've not encountered before. I am encouraged and feel better having gone through this small window of an immense struggle. Stories like these tell me it's okay to despair. It's okay to be angry, to be shaken to your core. It's okay to be human.Because at the end of the day, our salvation does not lie in our own hands. We don't actually have control over what happens in our lives--just what we do in response. This story shows me that no matter how beaten and broken I become, no matter what comes my way, I don't have to fight alone. Someone greater than myself is watching me, even when it doesn't feel like it. My salvation rests in the hope and grace of Christ. He's big enough, even when I'm not. That's what this story tells me.This is an awesome step in the right direction for games. We need to see more experiences like this that teach us lessons about things that matter. If you have a relationship with God, this story will move you deeply. If you do not have a relationship with God, this story will move you deeply."
,Recommended,419460,20497647,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,RingerINC,"An intensely beautiful game both visually and sonically. A beautifully personal experience with a series of unique scenes that illicited a range of emotions. From wonderment to intense discomfort and fear, the game has a constant human edge and fragility that makes it quite unique and engaging.However, there are a few drawbacks that should be acknowledged. As far as gameplay the pacing takes a few moments to adjust to and largely remains consistent, however there were definitely several moments where the game stalls a few seconds too long and I was left looking around for the next object to click or place to move, but I just had to wait for the scene to progress. The point and click movement style also in general was hit and miss for me. In some scenes, such as the bird ones it felt natural. However others where you are walking around, I couldn't help but wish it used wasd+mouse. Finding things to click felt a little clunky at times because of this.  Also the weird mouse de-accelleration was clearly included to help with the pacing and slower style of the game but it made it a little difficult to find a good mouse sensitivity for me and looking around was a bit of a chore sometimes. These mechanical elements were a little frustrating and occasionally broke my immersion in the game, but ultimately were mostly trivial to the overall experience.Also, it should be noted for those going into the game that there are several scenes that are densely Christian. This includes bible passages and personal stories laden with devout faith in God and a grapplig with questioning of this faith. I personally found this quite alienating and offputting, this is probably partially due to it being a little unexpected (I didn't overly research this game prior to purchasing). So for those like myself, I think knowig that it is coming from a devout Christian perspective is probably useful when starting the game. Keep in mind that this religious element is not present in every scene and I personally found the most profound and intense scenes to have it entirely absent (scenes from the doctors office and hospital come to mind). This isn't really a criticism of the game as such, as it is obviously a very personal story about a family's experience and that family happens to be Christian.Regardless of this I would definitely recommend the game for its uniqueness, its humanity, its beauty and its intensity."
,Recommended,419460,28233686,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Agile Tit-Tyrant,I don't think I've ever been so moved by a video game.
76561198065445989,Recommended,419460,22933617,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,KujataSylver,"I ran out of tissues...This isn't so much a game as a story that you are following. I was first introduced to it via GameInformer. The magazine explained the story behind the game and I was already sold. I knew I had to purchase it. This game is a depiction of the short life of Joel Green and what his family went through after he was diagnosed with cancer. Both of his parents wanted to explain his story for someone that hasn't been directly touched by the horrible disease, so they spoke about the dragon that is cancer.The game isn't about Cancer and what it is or its ailments, it's about Joel. It's about his family and what they have to go through. I believe everyone should play this game. It's heartbreaking and depressing though you know the sun will still come up, even when you don't want it to."
,Recommended,419460,30587777,Posted: 18 March,all,DareDevilPhoenix,"I watched someone play this game on Youtube (MiniLadd, check him out) and just watching a playthrough made me emotional so when I got my lap top I downloaded Steam and bought this as fast as I could to play the game myself. To sum this game up with two word, it's heart-wrenching, especially for anyone who has experiensed friends, family, or loved ones  dying from cancer. I give the game the highest regards for how it was made and the emotional train ride it takes you on as you become immersed in Joal and his families story."
,Recommended,419460,32736188,Posted: 24 June,all,Undead_Witcher,"I have never cried during a game until I played this. This game shows you what it is like for a family to go through the loss of their son when he is only a toddler. You connect emotionally with this family. One of the big reasons is due to the fact that the actual family voiced the characters. This game is something everyone should take two hours to play through. It helps you understand just how devastating cancer is. If you never play it, you should at least buy it to support the game and the family with the proceeds.11/10 would recommend to everyone."
76561197996905400,Recommended,419460,29027360,Posted: 4 January,all,evgueni72,"As a radiation therapy student, I bought this game with the intent of understanding what it's like from a patient's family point of view during a cancer diagnosis, treatment and whatever came after that.What I got was a breathtaking, poetic and ultimately tragicvideo gameartistic experience about how devastating a cancer diagnosis is as well as the journey throughout treatment. Both scientifically accurate and artistically vivid, this is something that anyone who wants to understand how deep cancer affects a family needs to play."
,Recommended,419460,32912104,Posted: 27 June,all,Dysp,"I could fill an ocean with all the tears I've shed. A beautiful, personal journey through one family's experience with the Dragon. An interactive narrative that is thoughtful and compelling. The gameplay elements are a little clunky in places, and it wasn't always clear how to proceed as intended, but that's not why I got this game. I got it to feel the feels, and it was a resounding success."
,Recommended,419460,20612455,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Wrath of Tron,"I just don't have it in me to review something this personal...I had a whole review planned out before I even started That Dragon, Cancer. It had a lot of to with other steam reviews getting press. I can't remember what it was now, and honestly, I don't really care anymore.Just thank you for making this game."
76561198178382391,Recommended,419460,26637398,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,aedan929 <My YouTube,"Wow... what an amazing game! Every bit worth of $10.00! I fell really sad for the family and joel. They are in my prayers because I know the family may still be going through troubles to this day. I started to cry when I realized this game was based off of a true story. I have had a relative that died of cancer, I know how hard it is espicially when you are the parent. Great game... Much love goes out to the family."
,Recommended,419460,23487840,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,My Epic System,"Really an interactive movie than a game, made me cry 2-3 times, very moving."
,Recommended,419460,25705321,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,chibiwolfplays,"I am just in awe. This game was so good. I just loved experiencing the events the Greens went through and I'm so glad I was able to feel the same pain they did. Joel was an adorable and special baby boy. His parents loved and cared for him so deeply. This game shows the trials and tests of faith that God put them through. As a Christian, I know it would be hard to trust God in a time like this. Even though I don't know the Greens, I love Joel so much. Ryan, Amy, if you're reading this, thank you. Thank you so much for making this game possible. I wanted to cry so many times. I still do even after had finished. Joel can't wait for you to meet him again in heaven. :) 11/10 best game!"
76561198066194289,Recommended,419460,23227182,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,jacobkort,"I would not call this a game or a movie I could call this something in between. This game was so good that I couldn't help myself from crying. Soon, in years time i will be able to related to this game with some one close to me passing away and I don't know when and wear it will be, but I will happen. But for now, I just like that this game is based off of a true story, has a really good art style, has really good voice acting and that it was not canclled, becuse of the son passing away, but instead was incorporated in to the story. We need more game like this that questions the definiens of what is a game and what is a movie. However with that said, I see a lot of people on sites (like metacritic) giving the game negative reviews and I question why. Regardless of the negative reviews, if you have not played this game then I really recommend this game to you. However, just as a bit of a warning, this game will make you cry, especially if you had some one close to you pass away."
,Recommended,419460,24842352,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Idahoff,This is one of the most importan and most beautiful game i ever played! Thanks for making this <3
,Recommended,419460,29467909,Posted: 24 January,all,Scott,Beautiful.
,Recommended,419460,28184747,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,☁,"To me, this doesn't just feel like a game, it feels like a glimpse into the parent's soul. Not only that, but a journey into my own soul as well. The story of That Dragon, Cancer was incredibly well told, in a way that I've never experienced before. The sound in this game was portrayed almost like you were a fly on the wall, and the various stages of struggling with Cancer was portrayed in a way that was both easy and very hard to understand. This is a very well done game, thorough story, and I am grateful to have had the opportunity to listen. It may be emotionally painful for many who want to listen to this story, particularly those affected by cancer, but it may change your world view forever."
76561198085873476,Recommended,419460,33796490,Posted: 25 July,all,Aragoth175,"That Dragon, Cancer. An emotional rollercoaster that just doesn't stop. Very well produced and I reccomend it as one of the best visual stories of my time. 5/5 Stars."
76561198046699117,Recommended,419460,20564064,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Vinceinzo,"This game brought the complete Father side of me out. The pain and sorrow the Green family felt, it must've been horrible. To watch your son slowly but painfully go through all of those treatments and have a slim hope that he would make it, must have felt the worse. I completely recommend this game if you have a heart. 11/10 Would definitely play again."
,Recommended,419460,20553857,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,The Legend of Jonnii,"I truly cannot describe how phenomonal this game was. I've lost a lot of very close friends and family members to cancer and it has always been so hard to try and explain the gut wrenching pain that comes from such a loss to someone who has never experienced it. This game however I feel could be that key for someone to know the pains and even sometimes the joys that come from such a horrible tragedy. I personally, even though we have never met, need you to play this game. I need you to understand how amazing and important this game is for people who have lost someone to cancer or at this very moment is in a battle with cancer. I did a let's play of this game and I don't even know if I can put it out because of how much I cried during some parts of this game. Please buy this game. If you are iffy on spending money on this game then feel free to check out my let's play of it instead.(Warning. I cry A LOT throughout my lets play of this game)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wxrECTVAN6o&index=1&list=PLJXUJzRrxEoHDS6uiBgQsMljlhL4Wfu3D"
,Recommended,419460,20572334,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,James64bit,"You can't review something like this.If you want the most suitable review,experience this by yourself."
76561198053904351,Recommended,419460,33068187,Posted: 30 June,all,Tekki,"I found out about this game from an article about Christian game devlopers written by someone at Polygon. I really loved the convcept of the game and I wanted to know more of it, so I looked it up. I found Jackscepticeye's playthorugh of it and I was amazed by two things I observed. 1: I loved how honest and frank Joel's parents were about their faith in God. You legitimately saw Ryan's (Joel's father) struggle with his faith in God and related to him. 2: I was amazed that a game with such a powerful message like this is reaching out to major youtubers like Jackscepteye and Markiplier (some of my favorites). I understand that the themes of cancer are universal since everyone is affected by it in someway, but still it remains.This game is a giant inspiration for an aspiring Christian game developer like me. It showed me an example of Christian games done right.I would honestly recommend this for everyone to play. Just be warned, it will emotionally wreck and drain you.I really hope he sees this, but thank you Ryan and Joel Green. You guys are a huge inspiration to me."
76561197981592726,Not Recommended,419460,23785512,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,[♥] #JEWwin,"I wanted to love this game, I really did.It made me feel more emotions than I thought a game could ever make me feel. The first half of the game felt very immersive and I got as close as I will ever be to feeling like my child was dying of cancer. I cried at the bad news; I observed the cards celebrating life and comiserating in death.However, I cannot overstate the importance that Christianity plays in the crux of this experience. As someone who is not Christian, the second half of the game alienated me. It became extraordinarily hard to identify with Joel and his family. I feel like ultimately this is the undoing of an otherwise remarkable experience."
76561198320078201,Recommended,419460,24474315,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,megan.sheriff,"This is a game that every person should experience. It shows that even when someone is gone, the wonderful memories and their love is always with you. Thank you for sharing these memories of Joel with us all; they are certaintly something I will carry with me in my heart."
,Recommended,419460,24410095,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Emily Lemonly,This is an experience like no other I have had in my life. I was literally begging and sobbing uncontrolably at parts. Thank you dev for sharing Joel's story and the story of your family.
,Recommended,419460,29095451,Posted: 7 January,all,Odd Fella,"That Dragon, Cancer is something completely different experience than most games are able to deliver. This is a mix of a video game, a tale of a unfortunate boy, and a manifest of the experience his family has to go through. The game blends reality and videogame in a sublime way. The recorded tapes you can hear, and the voice acting in general is raw and uncencored, and gives you a peek inside their mind. I'm not gonna hide that I cried several times during the story, and felt the helplessness the parents conveyed. This is a one of a kind game that I wish everyone would set aside a couple hours to experience."
76561197981447085,Recommended,419460,24365527,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Id i n k,This is a game you cannot pass up.The very definition of art.
,Recommended,419460,33367416,Posted: 8 July,all,PowerSurge,"It's not a typical game in which you expect to play and you have objectives.It's an  experience... A personal experience at that which has multiple aspects to it. What a their memories were or How their days went by, How did all come together and at the end, its open to you on how to interpret it.Its a game which has a very personal touch to it.I wouldn't rate it because this a personal real life story and I definetly felt in touch with the entire experience. Thank You for this!In short:- A real game with a real story!"
,Recommended,419460,33589996,Posted: 16 July,all,Gingerboy507,"If you're looking for a good cry and great story, then this is the game for you."
,Recommended,419460,28264384,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Pizzano,"That Dragon, Cancer is a reimagination of a child's journey through cancer.  The music, the strong writing, and the visuals all fall into place in That Dragon, Cancer to create a gut-wrenching, heart-ripping-out-of-your-chest story that will definitely stay with me for a while.Whatever the price of this may be on the day you are reading these reviews, it is worth it - as an experience."
,Recommended,419460,34032507,Posted: 5 August,all,danq memes,if you want an emotional trip get this its the most beautiful game ive ever played
,Recommended,419460,33490568,Posted: 12 July,all,céosalian,"A terrible experience for a mother and father , cruel world."
,Recommended,419460,34321049,Posted: 17 August,all,Katatonia,"So much story, So much depth.i played a few hours offline finishing the game.the gameplay can be a bit clunky, and there are even bugs ""none game breaking""lets get to the best part, the story.the story is so good, immersive, REAL! and implemented perfectly into this game.this game made me cry.this game made me think in different perspectivesthis game made me appreciate family and loved ones morethis game isn't made for everyone, so i can't recommend it to all.but i still rate it a good 10/10"
76561198023600893,Recommended,419460,32913254,Posted: 27 June,all,Chicken King,"Spoiler Alert: You will probably cry.I'm not a crier, but this game did it for me. I kind of knew that going in, but I also knew I wouldn't ever know for sure unless I actually played it.As you might have guessed, it's not really a ""game"" in the traditional sense. Like many other reviews before mine, it is more of an ""experience"". Overall, it is a good experience that everyone should try. Please note, however, that it is heavily Christian-themed. While I am a Christian, it has a bit more Evangelical or Southern Baptist feel than I prefer.When all is said and done, I'm really glad that the Greens decided to share their experience with others through this medium. Too often are video games dismissed as a medium for brain-dead teenagers and underachievers. They couldn't be more wrong and this game stands to prove that.If you feel the need to have a touching experience that will soften your soul, please give this one a try. It's worth every penny."
76561198060301780,Recommended,419460,26590539,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,rocco.salvetti,"This is a very personal and brave work, and the business should be proud of it.I played it all in one go, I didn't feel right breaking it in more sessions.There are no puzzles, there is no arcade (well, there is one actually), here the mechanics serve the feelings and the storytelling. And they do it well.One remarkable things that was done right is the use of gameplay to comunicate discomfort. To do so you have to put the player in an annoying and frustrating situation, without giving any obvious action to take. Feeling lost can be a deal breaker to many players and it is a very risky design choice, but here it is done very well. You will feel that discomfort, you will feel the frustration as the protagonist does, yet it won't last too long to become redundant and pointless.There is also bit where you are invited to follow a conversation exploring the different point of views. Brilliant."
,Recommended,419460,32684574,Posted: 23 June,all,Saif,"♥♥♥♥ man... as I was playing the game, I could feel it becoming so deep to the point where it felt like whoever made it actually experienced something as traumatic as this. Long and behold, when I reached the credits screen, I realised that one of the people who helped make the game was actually a person who had a terminally ill child named 'Joel'. It literally all made sense at that point.Honestly the best game I've played on steam. Literally on par with Life is Strange and I'd highly recommend you guys to get this game if you have a bit of steam cash lying around. The artwork is honestly so beautiful and the story behind everything is so emotional. It makes you realise that cancer is a real ♥♥♥♥♥ and  that it's even more sad when it affects babies who are young and have to go through all of this pain themselves.The game's ♥♥♥♥ing brutal honestly, makes you wanna cry when you play it and you start to realise this is actually based on a true story.Get this game, legit ;-;"
,Recommended,419460,22072265,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,HelloMyNameIsThomasTheDankEngine,"Long review incoming. I prefer my steam reviews to be indepth so if you want short and sweet, this isn't it.This Dragon, Cancer is an interactive experience about two of the main developers (the Green family) losing their son, Joel, to cancer. The game is designed as a tribute to him.I brought this game after the recent fiasco about how it never made a single cent in sales, but I had it on my radar for many years. I for one am someone who loves one time, amazing, well crafted narratives and as a game developer myself, I don't believe a game needs to have a complex narrative with branching story plot.Sure you could argue the game would be better as a movie, but it's deliberately made as a game so that users can experience a part of what the Green's were going through and basically...the game is all about emotion and you projecting yourself onto the story arc.The soundtrack for this game is amazing, I'm going to buy it ASAP because it's a really nicely done soundtrack, while the low poly art style works well both technically and as a way to project yourself into the arc, which it was intended to do.The game definetly relies alot on emotion and if you don't have emotion then this game is not for you. I read asmany of the cards as I could in the hospital, until it got so much for me that I started to break down.The game also includes briefly other peoples cancer stories and having family members who died of cancer, this part really hits home for me...hard.I'd recommend this game, however I do agree that the price tag is steep. But then I also believe it shouldn't be brought on sale, it should be brought at full price as I'd feel like I'd ripped off a charitable donation if I brought it on sale. I like the art style, narrative and the soundtrack and I doubt it could have achieved the same effect if done any other way  (say, as a movie).It also hit home for me to many other aspects of my life, especially as my name is Joel, the same as one of the Green's sons. Not even just about cancer, but about loss, grief, hope, illnesses (including mental illnesses) and lots of other aspects.I'd rate it an 8/10."
,Recommended,419460,22170878,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Dageki,"Oh boy.... this is tough to review.  Everyone is walking the tight-rope of ""acceptability"" on this due to the subject.  I think we need to take a moment to break this down by looking at a summary of the other reviews, with my thought on them sprinkled in.  At the end I will explain why I ended up paying money for this game.From many of the reviews you will see that the game has a great style.  I completely agree with this as the art, the voice acting, the story are each superb in their delivery of an emotionally rife game experience.  They all add up and blend together to pull you in.I have also seen that the basic mechanics can be difficult and do somewhat hamper the immersive aspect of the game.  Once again, I am in agreement with those points.  There were times where my attention was solely focused on trying to figure out just what the game was expecting me to do and it pulled me out of the moment.As has been noted time and again, religious content is also highly visible and presented with a very specific perspective.  Being such a highly charged topic I will only say that you need to decide if you are willing to sit down and hear what the Green's think and feel about their faith and how that plays in their experience with Joel's fight with cancer.  For them it played a significant part and, as this is their story, it is present in the game.  You don't have to agree with or accept what they think, you just need to decide if you want to listen.  Enough said for now.For my own overall opinion, the negative points were quite minor and once I was past them they were completely forgotten in light of the deep impact of this story.TLDR: Now we come to why I bought, played, and reviewed the game and my recommendation and advice.As a new ""Dada"", this one hit me right in the tear-box from the video, even before I bought it.  Deeply emotional, I had to consider hard if this was a journey I was willing to make and a subject matter I was willing to immerse myself in.  Ultimately, I bought it because I wanted to support the family.  I could have let it sit there but I played it because... I wanted to see if I could handle it.  I needed to know, on a deeply personal level, if I could be exposed to this sort of situation ""first hand"" and come out the other end intact.  When I finished I was mostly intact but never will I forget what I felt imagining that this was my child.  I will never be the same for witnessing this story in this way.  I look at my child and my time with them very differently now.Buy it to support the family if that is something you are willing to do.  Buy it if you want to have a very poignant, narrative driven, game experience.  Buy it if you want support the Indie Dev world.  Whatever your reason, make sure that once you've bought it you take time to play through it with an open mind and heart.  If you play it while closed off to the emotions of others you will likely not have a worth-while time with this game.  If you are open, this very likely will change the way you interact with those you love.  At least for a good long while."
,Recommended,419460,25354461,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,PICKLE RIIIIICKKK,Tear-inducing two hour expereince.  Must have.
,Recommended,419460,22174783,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,stinky bum bum,I only played about fifteen minutes of this and I had to get off because I was crying so much.10/10 will play again
,Recommended,419460,22185128,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Georgebaii,"It's not a game, there are no goals, no achievements, no scores.It's a life experience of hope and despair while staring down at the face of death.Please, experience it for yourself."
,Recommended,419460,22276171,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Garbage Day,Im Done with Cancer Jokes after playing this
,Recommended,419460,31264949,Posted: 20 April,all,joerice1979,"It's a really interesting idea; telling the story of your child and his dealings with cancer through an interactive videogame.There are parts that made me smile, remembering the beautiful simplicity of feeding ducks and finding something that makes your child giggle unreservedly.  Equally (and inevitably) there are parts that made me well up, like the collection of cards each with messages in them, and parts that made me grit my teeth and, well, it's the ""dehydration"" section to which I refer.It's a unique and moving experience and I'm glad I've experienced it."
76561198022820330,Recommended,419460,30185567,Posted: 25 February,all,AZerglingRush,Amazing Game.Play it for yourself.Very Emotional
76561198130053901,Recommended,419460,22106202,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Jesus Christ,"its good. Its not the best and it's short, but it's still pretty good. Worth"
,Recommended,419460,27777018,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,kimoyatch,"Interactive entertainment.I know how painful it must have been because I am a parent, too.Well... It's not exactly a game..."
,Recommended,419460,28153430,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,CPT_FishHook,"I dont usually write review, but I don't think I could actually walk away from this game without telling others how amazing it is. I dont know if there has even been a more aesthetically sound game. The colors, the music, the gameplay, the visuals. There are times where you are lost in the game and feel frustrated not knowing what to do or how to proceed, but how when you step back and really think about it, how do you think parents in that situation feel? Please play this game. Give it the time of day. Its typically less than two hours of game play, but it could potentialy be the most meaningful two hours of gameplay that I have ever had the privlidge to play through."
,Recommended,419460,21005148,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,xtatictruth,"'tragedy', he said.that's the perfect word for this."
,Recommended,419460,20631917,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Bashiie,"This game is so amazing, I cannot describe it in words. It has beautiful art, no lag, great story, and feels very real. This is one of the best games/stories I've ever played/watched, and I would definetly recommend this game to everyone. Very inspiring, and very touching.10/10"
76561197978144300,Recommended,419460,28716405,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Señor Goobs,There's a section of the game where you are reading cards to cancer patients or victims in the hospital. I made it through about 10 before I had to force my way out the scene. Incredibly moving game and the brevity of the experience is a sigh a relief as you wish to escape the sadness ASAP.
,Recommended,419460,22067745,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,donesewright,"When I first heard about That Dragon, Cancer from my children, I couldn't understand what the appeal would be. It is a ""game"" about a child having and dying from cancer. But, they kept asking for it, so when it went on sale, I bought it. I decide I would check it out before telling them. Here is what I learned:I cried through the whole thing. My husband has been battling stage IV lung cancer since 2012. I write about the journey our family has been on. You have to do something to sort out the emotions you are experiencing, and writing is my gift.Game development is the gift that Eli's dad has. He has used his gift in an amazing way to share his family's experience with the world. This is an immersive experience, more than a game. It is so real and raw.So why would someone want to ""relive"" the cancer experience through a game, or through any other format for that matter? Because in seeing other people's journies, you discover that you are not alone. One of the interesting things in That Dragon, Cancer, was the different ways that each parent coped. The struggles with faith, the reactions to events. It was beautiful to see that other people have the same questions when they face the Dragon. It is also inspiring to see them overcome.I have been thinking a lot lately about the phrase, ""Walk a mile in my shoes.""  Until you do that, you really can't impose your value system on others. There has been criticism in some of the reviews about the amount of God and faith in the game. This bothers me because our society has made God and faith taboo. God is how this family overcame the pain of their son's cancer. God is how our family, and many other families, overcome this Dragon.I would recommend this game highly. Have a box of Kleenex nearby, though. You will need it."
,Recommended,419460,28172907,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Lord Marsden,cant write a fleshed out review cause theres something in my eye.
,Recommended,419460,24389760,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Kozah,Can't really pick myself back up after finishing this. It's an incredible story and a huge reality check.
,Recommended,419460,24372900,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Xorinzor,"Powerful story, had tears in my eyes pretty much throughout the entire game.It resembled what the parents must have felt and went through very well, hope to never have to experience this.Edit: that said, it was really frustrating that the 2nd half of the game was oriented around religion so strongly. I can understand that if they are religious these would've been their thoughts, but for someone (me) who isn't religious it really took me out of the ""feeling"" I had with the game at that moment and I found myself just quickly skipping those stories."
76561197972163902,Recommended,419460,24378414,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,DarkDisguise,"This is a point in life everyone can relate to. Maybe not now, or in a few years, but everyone, regardless of religious beliefs or personal beliefs, political, or social, will come to this inevitable part in life where it is separated by death. Everyone reacts differently, and often violently, because we can't control it. There's no textbook, manuscript or guide to how you can deal with it, you just have to, and you will. It's sad that not everyone can cope. And it's sad that people have to. But in the end, it doesn't matter. I'm not a religious person, myself, but regardless, this stress, fear, anxiety, pain, joy, hope, it's all human.This game provided an openess to it, from every angle of every emotion, and I love it for it.My heart goes out to you, the Green family, and I feel both sad and happy for having had the opportunity to partake in this fraction of the real thing.Thank you for this experience, and I wish you the best in your life. And also do I wish the best to anyone who's been through, and who will go through, the same thing. Life is a once in a lifetime journey, literally, so make the most of it, and be kind, because we're all in it together, wether we like it or not.PS: If you can't tell by my ranting. It was a good game."
76561198130296770,Recommended,419460,22181173,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,orange_yellow_amber,"So, there are a number of people who believe that mr. and mrs. Greenmade this game simply to cash in on their tragic story.As someone who lost a loved one to cancer, seeing the whole process of them slowly withering away,I want to offer my perspective on that idea.This game feels completely genuine. This game conveys all the hope, despair and lots more that goes withthese horrible situations. Special mention goes to the sequence about the talk with the doctor.You could not describe what happens in your head during such events so accurate without living it.At NO point did this game feel like emotional blackmail or manipulative.This is an extremely painful and beautiful game. Prepare to be in pieces.Well done developers and thank you for sharing."
,Recommended,419460,25316677,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,El Greed,*WARNING* DONT PLAY IF I YOU WANT TO HAVE A FUN TIME*SPOILERS*I didn't and I cried
,Recommended,419460,25064570,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,H. Finner,Gonna go cry forever.... I am mad that NO MONEY at ALL is going towards the family...
76561197987082336,Recommended,419460,25384335,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Darth Kvasir,"I bought this game after watching ""thanks for playing"" and hearing the father talking about the game on a podcast (radiolab - the cathedral). The story that i head from these was very moving, and i wanted to play the game to experience it.My honest opinino is that i got more out of the video, or the podcast, i had hoped that the game would be an emotional narritive for me, and while it did have 2 moments for me, i felt largly disconnected from it.I kept getting taken out of the game on a personal level because of how much religion is in the game, and not having the same beliefs as them kept me from feeling the connection that the game attempts to make.This game is a very unique narritive experience that i feel could be great for those who have lost some one (especially a child) and is a part of the christian / chatholic system of beliefs.I hope that others are able to connect with this game, and experience the emotional narritive that it is telling.Both the real life photos at the end of the game, and the music about half way through that plays when you are in the hospital room, are my moments of this game.Wishing ryan & his family a future full of happieness! Thank you for sharing your story with the world."
,Recommended,419460,28552340,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,MAC ATTACK,This game is simply amazing very short but fantastic in every sense of the word this game though it be a very sad one is something I think everyone should experience. It defently tugged on my heart strings since I know people who have died of cancer but this game also reminded me of allot of other things too. Very emotional journey from start to end.  Lastly I would like to say rest in peace Joel Im so glad I got to hear your story. God bless
,Recommended,419460,28222839,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,ic,"There are games, where advertisement or reviews about them are promising emotional journey and how you’ll get attached to the characters, but after playing the game, you only get small part of those feelings or maybe none at all ?  Well this game is different story.Game looks colorful and bright, it’s something I was not expecting. It runs great with no bugs, crashes or frame rate drops to mention. Music is excellent and ambient sound in general, builds a great atmosphere.YES, headphones are required!!!I will not write about story or plot, because game is fairly short and you need to experience it yourself, but the main idea is that you're going trough family’s struggle of fighting with cancer. This journey starts up simple, but at the times becomes quite powerful, at one point I wanted to quit the game, because it was a bit heavy on emotional side.As someone, who works in chidren hospital, I got to meet kids with cancer, and seeing them, knowing their health condition and prognosis, or seeing how slowly they become worse, makes you feel sad and desperate, but playing this game, and seeing it from perspective of family and relatives is whole new look and even more grim one.As you know, this interactive experience is not for everyone, but I would strongly recommend you to spend these couple hours with it. It’s a powerful journey, maybe too dark at times, but it’s worth it. One of the best indie titles of this year."
,Recommended,419460,28186844,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,MCLJN,This is the saddest game I've ever played. Prepare to bawl.Everyone should purchase it. 10/10.
76561198277548020,Recommended,419460,29858997,Posted: 11 February,all,claythewaffle,Really good game short but sweet
76561198091279753,Recommended,419460,28701006,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Macho Man Handy Savage,If this game doesn't make you cry you're a heartless monster. 10/10 would have my soul crushed with sadness again
76561198059201285,Recommended,419460,28398449,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,dankeles,"As a father of young child, I had a hard time playing through this game. But it was so beautiful and so full of love. I will never forget it, and I think everyone should see it."
76561198068015786,Recommended,419460,21194836,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Hyde,"It was a pretty tough game and an even tougher one to make in my opinion therefore I cannot even start to grasp what the creators went through during that period; however, to create a game, a perspective into the experiences that they went through with such bravery is what baffles me and makes me appreciate the game even more.The feelings, environment and every detail was just so raw and emotional that it moved me."
,Recommended,419460,30695097,Posted: 23 March,all,Siko ★,This game is undeniably more than great.I like everysingle thing in this game.May the little fella rest in peace.
,Recommended,419460,28501296,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,neoadorable,"An interactive memorial that features some light puzzle elements and a nods to retro gaming, all revolving around the passing of 5 year old Joel Green. I cried some, especially in the part set in the hospital with the cards, but don't feel bad if you don't cry. It's a little overwhelming and hard to relate sometimes to such obvious grief, but the Green family is right to have put their talents and passion for gaming to work in commemorating their son and life itself. It's also a very religious work, which I personally appreciated even if my faith is slightly different than the Greens. Remember, this is a tribute and a channel for sharing, it's not a traditional video game. But still well worth experiencing."
,Recommended,419460,22129482,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,TheWildTangler,"Never before has a game made me feel sick from the emotional impact and responses.  There were scenes that made me feel stress to the point of a splitting headache and nausea.  Other scenes made me feel the dread and emptyness that still could never compare to a parent losing their child.""That Dragon, Cancer"" may only be 1.5-2 hours, but it is something that I will never forget."
,Recommended,419460,22077214,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Krabs,"What do you say about a game like this?I will say I recommend it, for those who enjoy indie ""story driven walking simulators,"" (Although this game has better mechanics than many walking simulators. It doesn't do puzzles, but more ... varied activites to progress the exposition?)  In some ways, this is the most real game I've ever played.I will focus on the faith elements in this game. It is not a ""Christian video game,"" it is a game about Christians. It doesn't attempt to convert you, or even to present a moral. However, faith is a central part of this family's life, and so their faith is a deep part of this game. And there is a lot of sublety going on, which is not common. For example, the title of this game does become deeper towards the end of the game. And another example isnear the end, you are in a cathedral, at a prayer service for the child, who is either dying or already dead. You can light candles, but they don't stay lit long enough. You can also play notes on a piano. Most of them are impassioned prayers. Some of them are primitive drums, or notes from a ram's horn. You try to find the right notes to play, as if that would save Joel. It doesn't. And is there a difference between our modern prayers, and a primitive drum?I will also share one story about my experience in this game: When I was about 3/4 through the game, I was at my emotional limit. I'm feeling a bond with the Christian parents, but I'm asking all sorts of questions about my faith, and my life. So I turn off the game, and stare at the cieling. When I look down, I see the green ""new item"" icon in Steam. ""Card drops? in this game? That is messed up. I click on it, and it says I have a new game in my inventory. It's a gift from a buddy of mine from church. ""I saw this game, and it was the type of thing you liked."" The game? ""There's Poop in my Soup."""
,Recommended,419460,27708843,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,DeadMeat67,"I would start off by saying that this game have a strong and meaningful story. This game managed to make me cry, but also think about that I can be more greatful for what I have.I wouldn't say that this game is only a game, but this is more of an ""eye opener"".I have and have had friends and family-members with cancer, and I would say that I am and have always been thankful for them.I would say that I have never played a game like this, and I probably never will, because this is based on a real-life story. Their real-life story.I have no idea how else I can tell how good of a game this is, but I rate it 10/10! :)"
76561198104565124,Recommended,419460,27636604,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,GeoKramz1989,"Such a touching story, I'm in love with it. The sound design is the real highlight; getting to hear Joel's laughter, seeing him play with a dog, it's so beautiful.That Dragon, Cancer, is a work of art."
76561198035405387,Recommended,419460,27759588,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Andrew Isley,"Not a fun game, but an intensely emotional and meaningful game. It's the first game to make me cry. And I actually cried quite a bit."
,Recommended,419460,28877824,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,c-pin,"*pops some bubbles and fumbles around with a fork*""If this is heaven, why am I crying?"""
,Recommended,419460,25973634,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Kaide,"This game is so moving, heartfelt and honest it really reaches into that part of you where it captures your heart and sends you through a whilewind of emotion. This game is truly beautiful and has moved me a way very few stories ever had. This is a worthwhile story to experience for yourself and I can fully say that with confindence."
,Recommended,419460,22072486,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Mark,"An honest, frank and emotional retelling of the thoughts and feelings of the time spent with their son. This incredibly personal tale is wrapped in a beautiful landscape of sound and colour that is unlike any other experience. Glimpses into the reality are scattered throughout the piece with the final credit reel having a profound impact. This game is tough, on many occasions it allows you to linger in drawings or cards, yet the emotional weight makes progression a necessity.My whole life I wanted to play a game that was this deep and meaningful, yet when it was released, it has taken me 2 months to play the game due to the nature of its contents. The loss of a child outweighs any pride for the industry reaching a higher standard in narrative for me.I cannot say I know Joel, Ryan or Amy any better from this experience nor understand the pressure, emotions or burden that had in the 4 years their son was alive; but in this journey they have provided us with an insight that will last with me forever.I wish everyone involved the best going forward with their lives."
,Recommended,419460,34988627,Posted: 15 September,all,A1saucy,Rich story that really pulls you in. Props to the devs becasue they did it from the heart and executed it in a great manner
,Recommended,419460,35138588,Posted: 22 September,all,Jorge Catala,"THIS is how you convey a message, bring awareness, interact with your audience, and touch souls. Depression Quest, take copious notes.Its an interactive game/novel that follows the life of a family struggling to deal with the harsh reality of cancer overtaking their young son. Don't expect breathtaking visuals. Everything is kept very simple and I'm glad this choice was made because the narrative is the stand out star. The visuals and music are there to assist not overshadow. The presentation of this piece is what makes this a success, in my opinion, because it manages to leave an impactful mark without being too self-serving and pretentious. Focusing your narraitive on a subject so real and so tragic is very, very risky but I feel that the risk was worth it.The only issue I came across is muddled, garbled audio from inner monolougues. I'm not sure if its intentional to add impact to the emotionally infused written letters or if my computer is temporarily on strike but I'm noting it anyway, just in case.This is the second game that has driven me to tears and I'm okay with that. I will play this game again, most definately, after some time has passed. The journey may have been mostly sad but I will happily take it again until That Dragon, Cancer, is finally slain."
,Recommended,419460,24083365,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,hoserama99,"Let me qualify my review: I'm a first-time father with (as of this writing) a 7 month old daughter. It is through that lens that I played this.It's impossible to overstate how heavy and depressing this game is. I suppose if you're knowingly playing a game about a child with cancer, this is not a surprise, but I found it to be unflinchingly devastating even knowing that and setting my expectations appropriately. The scene where the father is trying to calm his very sick boy and failing is far too real for my liking. I sincerely hope I never experience anything like this.It's also worth mentioning that this is a ""walking simulator"" - there's no real gameplay here, you merely exist to move the story along. It's true that there are some mini-games - a racing one and a metroidvania bit, but they require no skill and offer no reward other than doing them.I know that most people deal with and process grief in their own way, and in that light, I don't begrudge anyone's path through such a horrible event.That said, the game takes on a very, very strong religious tone about halfway through, and I found it offputting. In way, this was a relief, because it allowed me to take my focus off the true grief of the game's events and turn it into eye-rolling at the game designers. I found it ham-fisted and at odds with everything else going on. Take out the parables about Jesus, Lazarus, the Jesus in the boat with disciples thing, and the game would take on a much more univeral tone.But as I say, I don't begrudge anyone their own personal path through such an event. If it brought them peace, more power to them.With that in mind, I'd recomment this with the caveat that the strong Christian preaching may take you wholly out of the experience at key times. Also, be absolutely sure that you're ready to experience a magnitude of grief unlike most anything else.I'd give this a 3/5. Unforgettable, but with a few deep flaws."
76561198126883415,Recommended,419460,28571796,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Haywood Jablowme,Fantastic game. Ending is the saddest part.
,Recommended,419460,24072740,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Luamerava,"It's a great way to get a little insight on how it is to deal with cancer, especially with a child. It was an eye opening experience. I cried for most of it. It causes you to understand both sides of the parent and you even get to get the perspective from the doctors at one point. It makes me sad just thinking about the game. I would recommend it, but it has all kinds of feels."
76561198225179924,Recommended,419460,23947156,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Vaults,"This is by no means a ""game"", however, this is a story that you definitely want to experience. I played this game with my girlfriend and as we were completely and tragically immersed into the story we couldn't help but cry and feel for the family. Beautifully designed and well written to pull on your heart strings, I'd recommend this story to anyone, just have a tissue box near by for the waterworks."
76561198109001130,Recommended,419460,25069055,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Billy-Core,"The game is a very touching story, It brings some memories back of mine, Joel was fighting cancer and he lost but in the time he lived he was happy and he wasn't going through a hard time, this game brang heaps and heaps of tears down my face"
76561198063213967,Recommended,419460,24015408,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,S5 0014+81,An interactive movie that got me crying one two many times.
76561198127440895,Recommended,419460,28228924,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Prof Funkenstein,I don't think my heart can handle playing this beautiful game ever again.
,Recommended,419460,28145122,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,[BBW]poopbootz,"Unlike anything I've ever played before.Set aside a couple of hours, grab a pair of headphones and completely lose yourself in this game."
,Recommended,419460,20932470,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,spazcool,"I think that too often, especially on the internet, we shelter ourselves from that which is disagreeable and uncomfortable, myself included. This game is at least one of those for everyone and both for a great many.It doesn’t ring true to call this a ‘game.’ I’m not certain what title to give it, actually; interactive experience, maybe? At the very least, it transcends the current labels, it’s an example of where a ‘game’ might be able to bring someone emotionally. Rather than reaching ever higher for graphical fidelity or ever deeper for the most ‘movie-like’ experience, this game just puts one in possibly the most powerless and truly human experience one can go through. And it asks of you but one thing, feel this.I did feel it. And I was weeping, grinding my teeth and hating myself for buying this game. But, I was also so very pleased to see someone pushing the boundaries, trying something new and succeeding with it.If you’re able and willing to immerse yourself in the vignettes, to turn off the outside world, which includes critiques outside of what the experience itself is bringing you, I think you’ll find something exceptional here. You’ll find the human condition, that of confusion, frustration, powerlessness and, yes, faith.I wish Ryan, Amy and all of the other contributors to this piece all the best. Not my sympathy, they get that for losing their child. But, for producing this, for showing what this medium can do, can be, they deserve more than I alone can give. They deserve funding and producers that will continue to accept the risk that the production of such experiences undoubtedly bring.Keep up the good work."
76561198032698901,Recommended,419460,33779701,Posted: 24 July,all,Mirk,"First thing: know what you're getting into.  This is a personal-narrative driven game (I hesitate to call it a game because it's more of an interactive story which lasts approximately two hours).  Gameplay is NOT the point of the experience.The audio is incredibly well done.  I played with headphones (as is recommended), and was completely drawn in by the music and the voices of each person, especially knowing that Ryan and Amy's voices were their own--it was not ""voice-acting.""It's the genuine touches that make it so emotional.  You look at the pictures within the game, you read the letters, and it moves you because it's REAL.  I think it's important to differentiate between entertainment, which likely includes most of the content in our steam libraries, and representations of Real Life, which is how I would categorize That Dragon, Cancer."
,Recommended,419460,28354986,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Frog With A Hat,"I've finished playing about an hour ago, and I'm still crying."
,Recommended,419460,27876628,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Discoツ,"It's just, beautiful"
76561198022724783,Recommended,419460,28007568,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Sudo,"Emotional, that is an understatement.  As a parent, I felt an outpouring of empathy and many times it was almost too painful to bear witness.  Despite how difficult a voyage this game takes the player, it is very rewarding for the perspective one has to ponder on the meaning of life, death, and how it plays out on the role of parent-child relationship.Virtual reality is mostly defined by technical visual and sound immersion of the player in a computer simulated environment.  Personally, I think there is another boundary which is not limited to the physical simulation only.  The sharing of the emotional and personal experience of another is in some ways a more evolved virtual reality, perhaps the next step beyond the physical.This 'game' is that experience.  The unfair burden that the Green family bore with bravery, love and determination.  We can safely experience what that was like, without paying the unbearable price."
76561198114455125,Recommended,419460,25904442,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Ø нäi мåяк,It just gives to you the empathy how it feels like that parents see their baby child die in front of their eyes.I also cried a lot...
,Recommended,419460,25914995,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,King Drivol,"I purchased the game both on Steam and my Iphone.  It's a journey into a family experiences in dealing with joy, grief and loss.  This is an interactive exporation where dreams cross with reality.  In the process, you discover your own humanity and share in the triumphs and sorrows that are universal.  This game is a walking simluator, so its about the story that unfolds and the emotion that conveys.  The game makes you think about faith and what is important in life.  I highly recommend the experience, which is more like an interactive movie than a traditional game."
,Recommended,419460,28144967,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,EST Nuvenor,Damn Ninjas cutting onions.
,Recommended,419460,28155419,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,BabbleConn,"Well.... That was a ride. Ive never felt that many emotions in a game. I read a few of the negative reviews on this game. Most of them were pertaining to the religious aspect of it. The creator of this game wasnt trying to force his religion on you in any way. They were showing you their story of coping with the lose of their son. And the struggles they faced along the way. Religion, or no religion. And to even call this a game is almost a diservice. More of an experience. Set aside one or  two hours and immerse yourself in this beautiful, yet tragic story."
,Recommended,419460,28135048,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,IssacFunny,"That Dragon, Cancer, It's a really personal type of game. it feels more as an experience that is hard to explain but it sticks to you. It's about loss and trying to find hope.Games can be entertaining or fun, but not all the time, sometimes they are a door to explore part of us or someone else life, this is one of those."
76561198087058818,Recommended,419460,23639060,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Keck,This was absolutely amazing... I 100% recommend this game if you haven't tried it.Absolutely amazing.
,Recommended,419460,26024955,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Elyas,"I'm religious, so those parts of the game spoke to me.  I'm also a father of three.  I cried for their loss, and hope that if I have to experience what they did I will be able to stay strong in my faith.  The story and art is beautiful, though some of the minigame controls were clunky."
76561198034217830,Recommended,419460,23404808,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,JackieChanBabe,"very beautiful and moving, a bit short for $15, but think of it as a piece of art rather than a traditional ""game"""
,Recommended,419460,21899332,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,r o b e n,"A beautifully created game that is something everyone will connect to in some way. I know many may not have understood or identified with the themes of faith, but I think there are many other messages to get out of this game then just a relationship with God (even though I am a christian myself). Throughout the story I found it hard to keep back the tears as I remembered family members that I have lost to cancer. The main thing I found amazing was the symbolism and metaphors that filled the game and the way it could draw across emotions and messages. A sensational job from the Green family for creating this game and for sharing their story. Don't miss on this inspiring experience."
,Recommended,419460,20741518,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,The Misanthropic Lord,"I've done something that I can't really call a review, but what my thoughts are on the game. Minor spoilers. Please feel free to leave comments and let me know if you agree, disagree, or just don't care! Thanks guys!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7pBNRWrfP7Q"
,Recommended,419460,20512575,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Creme de la Creme Milf,"Before you buy this, or even read this, you have to understand this is not a video game. This is an experience I'd say is worth it for some, but I am to easily wrecked emotionally so I had to stop.If you've played games like To The Moon, then you'll like this. You play as many different perspectives though a child's cancer, and what they go through. You feel immersed in this cool world, which is sadly a fact of life. I would reccomend this is you'd rather have an emotional experience, than an action packed dragon adventure.I hope this money helps the developer through their struggles, and I hope that this is cured soon.10/10 for what is promised, because it's exatly that.RIP all victims of cancer"
76561198030455354,Recommended,419460,20516416,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,valuum,"A short game, yes, but this game is a beautiful indie game and leaves you frozen in time once you finish playing it. If you're looking for some insightfulness on life or God, then this is a great game for you. Granted, you must be open-minded and patient if you're going to play a game like this.All and all, a masterpiece."
76561198208949909,Recommended,419460,21492297,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,apagnani,"An emotionally exhausting, intense experience.  God bless this family and child, and all others whose lives have been touched by cancer."
,Not Recommended,419460,20533520,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Sir Purrnest Meowington,"I honestly was really hyped for this game, and with all of the reviews praising it on release, I was truly looking forward to the experience. I was overwhelmingly disappointed. I was expecting the story to tell more about the Greens' actual experience of dealing with cancer, and while there are a few scenes in the game that do address this, there are large portions of the game that just feel silly and/or fake. I also had to restart two segments of the game due to it bugging out on me.I believe a lot of people are scared to criticize this game. I mean, it's focused on a very tragic event, and my heart goes out to the Greens', but in my opinion, it's not worth the money or time."
76561198259435235,Recommended,419460,24373851,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,crayonnam,"I pray for him, rest in His eternal arm, giggling happily. Yes he is."
,Recommended,419460,31416516,Posted: 28 April,all,havenstone,Shattering.
,Recommended,419460,28775731,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Fesai,This is a must play game.I'm a grown man sitting here in tears.Thank you for sharing your story.
,Recommended,419460,26494176,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,lavendermoon23,"A beautiful, heart-breaking but hopeful game."
,Recommended,419460,28146434,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,TheHeavenlyFB,"Calling this a game would do it a disservice; this is an experience that everyone should experience once. I highly recommend this masterpiece no matter what price it is at, be it on sale or not get this whenever you can."
,Recommended,419460,26531658,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,CharlieLima79,"My mother was diagnosed with cancer in end of 2013. It was a tumultuous time, filled with some glimmer of hope, many restless nights, and the occasional crying when nobody was looking. It was a lonely time, despite having the support of family and friends near and far. It was a time when everybody was putting on a brave face, especially my mother, who did not want her family to see her being sad or in pain. She is like that -- she would rather keep her pain to herself than make other people sad or worry about her.To this day, the memory of my mother having cancer, despite her being in remission at the time of this review, fills me with sadness and fear. (I wanted to weep as I typed this.) Cancer, or any (possibly) terminal diseases, casts a dark shadow over the victims and their circles of family and friends. Given my experience, I was drawn to 'That Dragon, Cancer' because I want to see how a family uses this medium to grief and to express their sorrow.I recommend 'That Dragon, Cancer' because it is an artistic work that depicts the impact of cancer on a family. I support it because it is a way for the family to deal with their loss and share their story. If it happens to help them recover part of the cost of the treatment for their child in the meantime, all the better.Despite my recommendation, I would like to point out that I was disappointed by how 'That Dragon, Cancer' turned out. What follows may contain or be considered spoilers for some people, so be warned.'That Dragon, Cancer' was advertised as an ""immersive, narrative videogame that retells Joel Green’s 4-year fight against cancer through about two hours of poetic, imaginative gameplay that explores themes of faith, hope and love."" Yet, it is not so much a ""videogame"", but more of an interactive narrative. Furthermore, the focus of 'That Dragon, Cancer' is not Joel's fight against cancer, but his parents' reaction to his diagnosis, pain, treatment, and death, as well as their feeling of helplessness.The version of 'That Dragon, Cancer' that I ""played"" was version 1.0.1. It was very buggy although the initial set of fixes had been applied. It crashed multiple times, thus disrupting the story and my immersion into it. I read online that the developers suggested running 'That Dragon, Cancer' windowed instead of full screen to deal with the crashes. Not only did their recommendation not work, but running the program windowed only further lessened the immersion.'That Dragon, Cancer' also took a ""poetic"" (avant garde and abstract I guess?) approach to storytelling. I appreciated the earnest attempt to use metaphors and symbols to highlight the nastiness of cancer and the sense of helplessness, but it made the interaction and narrative disjointed. The inclusion of other people's notes and tributes to their own families and friends, while a nice gesture, only distracted from the main story. At the same time, I did not feel the ""dragon"" metaphor was fully explored, though comparing dealing with cancer to being in a dark forest was a nice touch.'That Dragon, Cancer' worked best when the sound effects and Jon Hillman's soundtrack were at the forefront. The dialogue were melodramatic at times and awkwardly delivered, but I did enjoy the voice acting for the father. I thought the scenes with the father reacting to Joel's crying were particularly poignant. Ironically, it was the showing of pictures of Joel during his various stages of cancer, and not the extravagant symbolism, that made me feel the family's pain and sorrow most because that was when it felt most real.So, as a piece of art, I did not enjoy 'That Dragon, Cancer' that much. However, art is subjective, and you may feel differently about this production. I do think 'That Dragon, Cancer' is a great way for Joel's family to grief and to express sorrow, and we should take some time to listen to their story regardless of what other people think about this production."
,Recommended,419460,28578520,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Jumpman Jawsh,"Like many have said - this is more of an interactive story than a game. This game also gets VERY preachy in the middle, and I found that to draw me out of the experience signifiacntly. Still, this game does very well to tell a story about a child with cancer and the burden the parents have to carry."
76561198167257509,Recommended,419460,25951696,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,LingFang,"If you enjoy deep, meaningful narrative over gameplay, as I do, then you will find this game meaningful. Though let there be fair warning that there are religious themes in this game. However, I feel that the religious themes are actually are crucial part to this game as religion is a very real way in which people and especially this family dealt with their crisis. Without this theme it wouldn't be their story any longer. Though the controls and mini games are quite clunky, the main point of this game does not lie in the gameplay, it is the story that is the core content. Quick, simple, and beautiful it is truly two hours well spent reflecting on the more important things in life."
76561198024191839,Recommended,419460,26224521,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Spaceman Dan,"This game manages to be both sublime and gut-wrenching at the same time.  It's a marvelous work of art that tells such an engrossing, moving, and ultimately human story.I'm somewhere between Atheism and Agnosticism and am quite shocked at people who thumbed down this game because the parents, Ryan and Amy, are Christian.  If you can't handle empathizing with someone of a different faith than you, then you definitely won't enjoy or even understand this game anyway."
76561197970680873,Recommended,419460,26192852,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,The Ethos,"Wondeful story. Well produced and done, technically very artistic style.I have to strongly endorse this for any student interested in oncology, or even general medicine. It captures amazingly the emotions about so many things in treating patients. Put it up in 'required reading' with 'The Emperor of all Maladies""5/5 A+ would cry again."
,Recommended,419460,22122556,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,musicvideogames,"That Dragon, Cancer is an indie game created by Developer and Programmer Ryan Green and tells the tragic story of he and his wife’s (Amy Green) personal experience of having a son diagnosed with a very rare and very aggressive form of cancer. The Game goes into detail expressing the feelings of the Family when dealing with the disease and the struggles that both Joel and the Parents face.With a story such as That Dragon, Cancer a question often asked is would the game would have benefited being a written story or a movie (granted the documentary for the making of the game is going to be released soon and will no doubt show more details regarding the story) rather than a game. I feel that the story of That Dragon, Cancer could not have been told in any other way that would have been more beneficial to the overall tale. This is because the game allows for the player to more deeply connect and empathize with the character’s as they go through their hardships struggling along with the parents of Joel their struggles become the player’s struggles. The struggles are represented through the game’s mechanics and the interactivity allows the player to more deeply connect and empathize with both the parents and Joel as the game dynamics detail what it was really like for them to go through it on a more interactive and close level.This technique of using game mechanics to tell a story has been used before, most notably in Anna Anthropy’s Dys4ia where having her story detailed through the mechanics and rule set of a game gave allowed her to tell her story in a way which no other form of media had access to and overall helped her communicate her story in a more meaningful and interesting way. She used the game mechanics to demonstrate to the player how she felt in a way that words never could. That Dragon, Cancer has the same idea but instead of using abstract artistry and design it goes for a much more visceral and direct means of 87617161_green-familycommunicating its message. Visceral is the only way to describe the overwhelming sadness when playing this game as the horrific events come one after the other and give little time for the character’s or the player to have respite. However That Dragon, Cancer is not always sad which makes those sad moments even more so, An example of this is the section of the game where Joel is racing around on his toy car in the hospital, the game turns into a pseudo Mario cart type game. Joel races around on his little car picking up power ups, only these power ups are representative of things to do with chemotherapy. This constantly reminds you that all though the moment right now is joyful, there will be sad moments in the future.Throughout the game a big emphasis is put on the parents faith. Both Ryan and Amy Green are christian in real life and as such this is shown in the game. During the story both Ryan and Amy have different spiritual experiences. Amy has faith that God will perform and miracle and save her son, she has doubts but thinks that by having doubts that God may not save her son that it lessens the chance of such miracle happening so throughout that-dragon-cancer-park-at-the-edge-of-the-world1the story the player sees that Amy is constantly shoving aside her doubts and trying her best to believe that God will save her son even until the very end. Ryan however has a much different experience, His experience is one of despair as he feels that God will not save his son as he is not ‘important’ enough in Gods eyes, Ryan feels that God does not have time to save his son and this makes him feel depressed and unworthy throughout the game. However Ryan still tries to maintain faith praying for god to cure his son. During the Game there is a section where the player is in a church and if they go up to the stand the room will go dark and some of the candles will light up, in the background both Ryan and Amy can be heard desperately praying for God to save their son, eventually the candles will go out however the player can light them again. This creates a constant struggle of the player trying to keep as many candles lit as possible even though it is impossible to have them all lit whilst Ryan and Amy are heard in the background desperately praying to try and save their son. This produces the feeling of panic and desperation within the player as they constantly attempt to keep the candles lit similar to how the parents felt at the time praying for their son. The player feels empathetic towards the parents as it feels like they went through those same feelings.The saddest part for some player’s in That Dragon, Cancer isn’t specifically the games story or sections, a lot of player’s will find a way that this story relates to a personal experience that they had. Whether that be an experience with cancer or having a sick family member The game manages to bring out those same feelings that the player might of had when they went through that experience, amplifying its emotional effect on the player. This is one of the strongest yet saddest points about the story in That Dragon, Cancer is that the story is relatable. Many of the players will reach the card section of the game and see a card that reminds them of that experience they had, amplifying the effectiveness of the games story as if the players feels like they can relate to the game then they are much more likely to have an emotional reaction to the game as they would if it were in real life.Overall That Dragon, Cancer is a game that hits the player right where it hurts. The games compelling and interesting yet depressing story draws the player in and outright punches them in the heart with its harrowing tale of a son with cancer."
,Recommended,419460,22140483,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Your Fist My Face,"This game deserves positivity, so I gave it a 'Yes'. Would have liked if I could give it a 'Maybe'.The game is beautiful. The pain is real. The love for Joel is real. My heart goes out to the Green's.The only problem that I had (and it's not a real problem, just didn't vibe with me) is the HEAVY role Faith and Christianity play in the story. It starts about halfway through. And while I am in no way suggesting that it shouldn't be in there, I AM saying that because I am not religious whatsoever, it made me a bit uncomfortable and sort of pushed me away, so to speak. The Green's are entitled to their beliefs and I do not fault them for their beliefs. I just don't share their beliefs so the game became harder to sympathize with.Things I came away with:The Green's are a wonderful, loving family.Joel was a great kid and was deeply loved by all those around him.The game is pretty to look at.The pain and struggle of loss is very relatable, no matter who you are.The religious aspect is not relatable for everyone.The controls are a bit clunky and frustrating. (Perhaps so the player feels the Green's frustration)I did tear up during the credits. They included a slideshow of their family and Joel. It was beautiful and it hit me in the feels."
,Recommended,419460,22078584,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Mr.Rose,very emotional
76561198363064524,Recommended,419460,33098709,Posted: 1 July,all,caseyschott,"Its sooooo sadening, almost heart crushing just picturing yourself in that picture. I think the games story makes up for the slowness. I wouldn't play this if your not used to storygames, I'd suggest playing Life Is Strange first because it shows you what to expect in a story and because it has the most intreging story i've found so far."
,Recommended,419460,33362041,Posted: 7 July,all,Wolf3D.exe,"It's only for searchers of something different. A game trying to be dramatic, empirical, inspirational. Sometimes it's literal, other times is metaphorical. It accomplishes good, but I can't finish it. Is so sad, slow and sometimes boring.The message deserves your atention and an oportunity. It's a work strictly of the autor's point of view, and it doesn't respondes to the normal gaming canon."
,Recommended,419460,20537138,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,W4nT4n,"One of the rarest games I've ever seen.The artstyle is, as it usually is with indies, rather rough with simple textures but with a variety of shades of colours. I am guessing Unity engine, but I didnt't check it. The music is most of the time serene piano playing, which is why I have a hard time to recall memorable characteristics about it another than that.Controls are even more simple than recent walking simulators. It's more like a ""click-to-walk-to-another-perspective"" simulator. Don't buy this expecting  challenging gameplay or for entertainment, that's for sure.Ignore the hype/drama/trolling around this game, ask yourself instead ""Do I want to experience a game about a lost battle with cancer? What was/is/may be my way to deal with such a situation?"" Religion or rather faith to a god takes a huge part in this game, a topic that I can't relate to. It doesn't tarnish this game's worth from my perspective. Others have different opinions.I think it would be better with an developer commentary for each scene.Glad to see this on Steam, my thanks to the family and the developers for sharing this."
,Recommended,419460,20889700,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,PYROMANT|C,"That Dragon, Cancer is an extremely personal journey of one family’s battle against cancer and the challenges that it brings. As a game it is simple, favouring minimal looks and mechanics over anything else that might distract from the story. It most certainly achieves its vision of being a memorial to Joel’s life, capturing his personality and the effect he had the people he interacted with. The telling of that story though can be somewhat muddled and, if you’re not the praying type, may rub you the wrong way towards the end. Still if you or someone you know is facing the same challenges as this game describes then it’s definitely worth playing, if just to know that you’re not alone in your strugglesRead my full review here:https://www.therefinedgeek.com.au/index.php/2016/02/01/that-dragon-cancer-a-memorial/"
76561198050611429,Recommended,419460,20550617,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Bear Master,A wonderfully heartbreaking game. The story of Joel and his family will stick with you for a long time.
76561198062172548,Recommended,419460,20534994,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Sleepingme,"I hope that people play this game for the right reasons. It isnt a ""game"" as much as it's a piece of interactive art. A father's homage to his child, and the memories both good and bad that accompanied his tragically short life. I feel that there is a place for this type of experience alongside the headshot mayhem and murderfests that Steam usually peddles. There are a lot of things I liked about this game, and a few things that I didn't. Regardless, I am happy to take small part in the existence of this small child who stuggled to eat and loved dogs. The narrative is fragmented and dreamlike, which is something I'm sure that many who have lost a loved one can understand. The ending is vague, and the feeling of emptiness is pervasive yet reigned in by the knowledge that pain is an affirmation of our love and the emptiness the recognition of the unoccupied space that was once held by someone we cared for deeply. I think most everyone who has been touched by tragic loss (and who hasnt?) can resonate with the experience that this title creates."
76561198085920438,Recommended,419460,20981211,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,atomicshells,"Holy crap... This is such a moving game... The credits killed me because it shows the actual pictures of Joel and his family and that made me start bawling because of the fact that this wasn't at all fictional, that it was a real life story."
76561198088006009,Recommended,419460,20922657,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,scomak,"I paid full price for this game after listening to Radiolabs ""The Cathedral"" podcast and it was completely worth it. It's 2 hours that'll last the rest of my life. Strongly recommended but be ready for it as it was truly a profound experience.  Maybe slightly better because I knew a lot of the story going into it so I was a blithering mess from the ducks till the end.  I couldn't even talk about it immediately.  I agree with the other reviewers that abstain from an objective review of graphics and mechanics because it's truly a piece of art that allows you to experience how the Green's dealt with their impossible struggle but will also likely strike a chord with anybody who loves someone like a parent would love their child.  All I wanted to do was play with my daughter all day after I finished the game... and I did."
,Recommended,419460,29835100,Posted: 10 February,all,Jack,"litteraly the saddest thing ive ever played, because its true"
,Recommended,419460,20576695,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Tylak,"My recommendation for this game is qualified. Read on:What does it mean to vote up or down? Voting up does NOT mean I enjoyed playing this game. I DID NOT ENJOY IT...This is the most emotionally challenging game I've played. But I expected that. The developer walked a tightrope between genuine creative expression and potential sensationalism. I'm certain they struggled with this.At its heart, ""That Dragon, Cancer"" gives us a very intimate perspective of a family's struggle with cancer, diagnosed in their youngest and most vulnerable member, baby Joel. Throughout the game, baby Joel becomes our baby. Your baby. And that's where it hits you hardest. That's where it does something no other game has... AND that's where it does something ONLY games can do!The art style is simple but effective. Player interaction is also simple, relying mainly on you looking around for cursor prompts to click on. I often felt as though I was waiting on the game to catch up on my intentions. But the game surprised me often enough to keep me interested. And of course, I was busy looking after baby Joel.For all its flaws, the game is only successful to me because it forced me to care. And that's something few games do.Are games the proper medium for this type of content? Maybe. There are a million ways to do this WRONG. But the developer did a lot of things right, and I want to recognize that. This is dangerous territory... And though I'm not a Christian myself, I recognize grace. I'm proud of them and I want to support games like this.This is not a fun game and it defies most of the criteria we use to judge games. That is also precisely why it is worth playing."
,Recommended,419460,20576588,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Just_Some_Poor_Ass_Kid,A stunningly beautiful game that will make you cry and realize how easy your life truely is.10/10 thanks for telling your story.
,Recommended,419460,20574798,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Bat Country Visitor Center,"Absolutely wonderful. I can't put to words how much this game moved me, other than it brought me to tears in a way nothing has in a while. Several times."
,Recommended,419460,20578510,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,forfildur,"To Amy and Ryan and Family, thank you for sharing this adventure with us."
76561197989133200,Recommended,419460,20486094,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Flashman,"A game has never made me feel this way before. At times so personal that you feel like an intruder, and so religious it was alienating, 'That Dragon, Cancer' is the most moving, emotional experience I have ever had. And this is because it's a true story littered with the sounds and remembrances of a family who lost their dear little boy. When you feel their grief, it will destroy you."
,Recommended,419460,29910390,Posted: 13 February,all,GenkiB,Really awesome emotional experience.
,Not Recommended,419460,20514296,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,ThatPazuzu,"A powerful story heavily tainted by shoddy gameplay and mood killing scenes. The game is for the very patient and open mined.The game itself tells an incredibly powerful, personal story. I love it. It's very personal and real. Until you begin the mood-killing go-kart minigames or waste a ton of time trying to figure out what the game wants from you.  Everything you'd call ""gameplay"" is clunky and unwieldy. The narrative is the major draw but sometimes wacky things happen that destroy the mood.Some people don't like the religious aspect but a grieving family praying to a god that I don't believe in is a-okay with me."
76561198031155998,Not Recommended,419460,25662518,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,punderstruck,"While I appreciate that the struggle the creators/parents felt was real, this dealt so completely with their religious struggle that I was unable to connect with it on an emotional level. Since it's less of a game and more of a movie with interruptions, it meant that completing it felt like a chore rather than a learning experience or a game."
,Recommended,419460,20661978,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Roahn,"Youtube Video for the lazy'shereFollow my Curator GrouphereTitle: That Dragon, CancerPlatform: Windows, MacRating: Not RatedDeveloper: Numinous GamesPublisher: Numinous GamesPrice: $15Release Date: 12/1/16That Dragon, Cancer is a purely narrative game made for Ryan Green, whose son; Joel Green passed away from cancer back in 2014.The game was announced back in PAX 2013 and is about Joel and the struggles of him and everyone around him, especially his parents and how they deal with his cancer.Now normally, the gameplay would be the main element of this game, but this is a narrative. The story comes first, meaning the gameplay itself is simple, which is okay because this game isn’t meant to be a gameplay heavy game.It’s a narrative that completely works on so many levels to show the happy, sad and frustrating times about this little boy who has cancer, as seen from the eyes of his family, but mainly from the eyes of his father. And this is when the game shines. When the father would monologue, I was moved by what he says and truly felt an emotional attachment to Joel and everyone else.The wife’s speeches were also done well. And her belief that god would save the baby and the utter realization of there not being anyone to help them, made me feel very emotional and even tear up a little. The graphics while pretty bland are actually done well because it didn’t take me away from the narrative but still helped me paint a picture.The soundtrack makes the game amazing too. While you won’t find things that really stand out it accompanies the narration and story, and that’s enough. The acting, as I said before are done very well and this is what mainly made the narrative so moving and really let me see how the parents were in their own shoes.The gameplay itself is simply clicking and looking around rooms usually being narrated by either the mother or father and the soundtrack in the background.The start does this very well even though the boring clicking is there, it’s only there to show the narrative, which makes it wonderful.But nearing the end of the game I felt that it started to become too gameplay heavy and while the narration was there, which was done great as it was the whole way through; it still didn’t drown out the boring clicking enough as it became more focussed on gameplay.But like I said, the narration is there and other than a small bug forcing me to skip a little part, that there’s nothing really wrong with this game.So this game, I’m guessing; was made to show people the story of Joel, and how the up’s and down’s of his story affected the parents; to make us feel what they felt.And this game completely does that, no doubt. With its great soundtrack, graphics which may be dull but good enough to paint the picture, and a moving dialogue, makes this game a must play to all gamers who can enjoy a narrative even though this game has some issues such as a couple bugs and some boring sections nearing the end of the game.3.5/5"
,Recommended,419460,20517549,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Pinchinator13,"A very emotional and thought provoking narrative game. As someone who recently lost a family member to cancer, this hits home."
76561198046115718,Recommended,419460,20517683,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,glitterbear,"I'm not sure exactly what I thought of this game - or, interactive emotional experience, rather than a game. (That part is fine with me, actually. This kind of ""non-game"" interactive art is something I love.)The problem was with the execution. I would have been more immersed in it if the controls didn't feel so clunky. I was pulled out of a lot of emotional moments when the mouse was acting up, or when I wasn't sure what I needed to do for the scene to progress. There were times I was bored standing in place just listening to the voices in the background. I wanted to hear the whole dialogue, so I was unable to move much or I would miss out on the sounds. I would have liked more interactivity in those bits, or more ability to explore without going out of rance of the dialogue.For the price, it could have been much more polished than it was. I don't think it was worth $15. It would have been worth $15 if it was either longer or more polished. I'm hoping that maybe the game will have some updates to make it feel more fluid and seamless. It feels unfair that some scenes were stripped of their full emotional potential because of my annoyance at the game mechanics.Parents will probably be more deeply touched by the game despite the technical problems. Personally, it reminded me of all the reasons why I don't want children. I don't mean that rudely at all - parents are amazing and we need them to raise the next generation. I am so thankful for all of you who take on the huge responsibility and vulnerability of having children. I doubt that there is a worse feeling than the death of a child. One reason I don't want kids is because I am not willing to take on the risk of feeling that. Well, that and the sound of kids crying.I was still touched, though. Some of it hit close to home. Spoiler for the last scene of the game:I know a boy who died recently who also loved blowing bubbles, and I've liked to imagine that maybe he's in heaven blowing bubbles. So blowing bubbles for Joel, in what I'm assuming was a depiction of what Joel's heaven might be like, made me cry a little.Also, I was frustrated with Joel's mother for believing so strongly that Joel would be healed through a miracle. There was a situation like that in my own family that, well, caused some people to make bad decisions. It's good, in my eyes, if a game can make us feel such things.I wish Steam had a ""maybe"" option for recommendations. But I'll go with a yes, just with some reservations. I enjoyed it more than I would have a movie of the same length, because of the interactivity and creativity. And I guess it costs around the same as a movie ticket, so I shouldn't complain too much about the price."
76561198233535024,Recommended,419460,20534319,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Broken5200Controller,"This is the most inspired, thought provoking, beautiful, experience I have had with a video game, and maybe an entertainment medium. Playing through this gives a sneak peak into the pain of battling cancer but more importantly it illustrates the power of the love of a family, hope, and belief in purpose. The end sequence is so beautifully crafted. This comes from the heart, from a place of ultimate love.This is a groundbreaking achievement in video games and is the bravest and maybe the best video game ever made. God bless the Green family and thank you for sharing this with the world.Special thanks to the people at OUYA. Although the console didn't last long, your impact will be undeniable. Your vision is clear. Thank YOU for believing."
,Recommended,419460,20534692,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,TimPark,"It is 2~5hours long game.This game really toutch your heart.it does not need review, all you need is play the game.I give 10/10 review."
,Recommended,419460,20542763,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,혜정,"Great Game,a tearjerker.Storyline and atmosphere are great!"
,Recommended,419460,20545157,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,BloodyAtom,"Brought tears to my eyes, just a wonderful game overall"
,Recommended,419460,20526609,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,F3,"A beautiful and engrossing experience that is testiment to the life of Joel.Simply let this game wash over you, you'll be a better person at the end of it.An incredible experience and one not to be taken lightly."
,Recommended,419460,20577769,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,TigerBacon,"This is my first review of a game, so please be gentle.I consider mysef to be a rather strong individual, cold and callous to some. As an individual with experience in the medical field, tragedy is never in short suppy. You will find that Hope and Love are the strongest conditions experienced by the human phyche.To say I cried during my playthrough would be an understatement. I BAWLED and couldn't stop myself. This story was too moving, albeit relatively short.When this ""game,"" first came out on Steam, I laughed and doubted very seriously this would ever be something I would purchase, but almost a week later I found myself forever changed as a human. To every individual that has had experience with this monsterous disease, I applaud them for their bravery, courage, and faith.Even if you personally don't consider this title, spare some thought for those that have been lost or are in the process of dying. Cancer never was, nor will it be an easy feat to overcome; it affects us all.  I would highy recommend this title if you are looking ""for something different,"" as the artwork and story will both captivate you.Simplistic in appearance, but deeper in concept, you will grow to love This Dragon, Cancer."
,Recommended,419460,20953640,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,H@Psor,Honestly one of the most powerful moments in the video games industry that I've ever experienced.This game will change your life.10/10
76561197960938790,Recommended,419460,28149233,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,DanishDudeLP,This game got me....Play. This. Game.
76561198001756379,Recommended,419460,20532376,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Number_One,wow
76561198079780361,Recommended,419460,31713253,Posted: 12 May,all,BOOM1394,played all the way through and made sure to look at everything. felt helpless when he cried and cried. the game is worth it. just for the experience. to understand. 1.5 hours of FEELS.
76561198081553728,Recommended,419460,33940008,Posted: 31 July,all,jessebenoit,You will cry. But you should definitely play this game.
76561198249223936,Recommended,419460,22112645,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,jewlz,Best game of 2016 hands downthis game had me at tears of joy saddness and much morei feel so much different about life and how lucky i am to not have to go through what this family has gone throughi recommend this game to evryone !!!!!
,Recommended,419460,23906521,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,naspuck,The most beautiful and yet sadest experience of any media I have ever experienced. Thank you for making.
,Recommended,419460,21138165,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,SlackerKite,"Joel never dies, he lives on in your work.  It's a beautiful tribute to the faith and courage of the path that you walked together as a family.  It's very heartening to see a game like this, thank you."
76561197969700052,Recommended,419460,20549995,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Moleculator,This is a superb little narrative docu game.  Zippy TWP has described it perfectly.  Please read his or her comment.
,Recommended,419460,21579883,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,mat,
,Recommended,419460,20548939,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,CK UNCHAINED,"An incredibly sobering experience, unlike anything I've palyed.  A story of faith, loss, frustration, anger, and hope.  It's got a few finnicky parts, but the way the gameplay and design work together to tell the story is surpsingly fantastic.  In that sense That Dragon, Cancer is really something moving and special."
,Recommended,419460,20564161,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,HyperSloth,"I urge you to read this. It will be worth it.saw this game in my queue and i knew i had to buy it.Not for the gameplay, Not for the soundtrack, and not for the graphics.I bought it for future me.When i was 18, My mom died of cancer. it was not an easy experience. since then i've grown distant from my family, hardly talking to my siblings or stepdad at all. I can't remember the last time i actually took the time to pick up the phone and just say ""hey, i love you"" to them. I Have three younger siblings that i've seen once since her death, and my grandparents (her parents) call me every major holiday and every birthday, and even send me gifts all the way from Tennesee to Texas.And I always let it go to voicemail, because the thought of reminding myself of her scares me.I'm 23 now, and i've been avoiding this demon for far too long. i've been living in a town hours away from my family, working dead-end jobs and generally not going anywhere with my life. I have a girlfriend that nobody in my family has met in person, despite her being with me for two years.I suppose what i'm trying to say is this:Dont take the people you love for granted, because they won't always be there.Take five minutes out of your day, call your mom, dad, sister, boyfriend, whoever. Just call them and say ""hey, i thought about you today."" because tomorrow, a thought is all they might be.I'm going to recomend this game because it serves as a reminder of how fragile our lives truly are.When i feel like i'm starting to forget about my family again, or if i think it's okay to not talk to them anymore, i'm going to play this game. I'm not going to run away from this anymore. i'm going to call my stepdad, siblings, grandparents, and i'm going to tell them i love them, because in five years i might not get the chance to say it again, and i've already got five years of time to make up.dunno if the devs looks at steam reviews, but if they see this, then thanks. you've helped me rediscover the love that only a family can give."
,Recommended,419460,26047176,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,TRAVisty James | TSE,"Been meaning to play this game for a while, so glad i did"
76561198008012966,Recommended,419460,20579522,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Lowenstaat,"Never before have I played a game that so captured my imagination, my intellect, my emotions, and my faith for a journey through despair, hope, and purpose. That Dragon, Cancer is a work of art that asks and answers, “Death, where is your sting? Grave, where is your victory?” in no less than the two to three hours that it takes to complete its fourteen scenes/chapters. Play it for the experience. Play it for the insight. Play it for the inspiration. Play it for Joel."
,Recommended,419460,20586347,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,stacey,"An emotional exploration of love, hope, parenthood, family, and goodbye. Thank you for sharing Joel with us."
,Recommended,419460,20570263,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Dane-O-Mite,This game made me feel both empty and full at the same time.
76561198174541623,Recommended,419460,33938764,Posted: 31 July,all,Epic_FlipOff,"the game is one of the best I have ever played, It sends strong message out there, what I hope others get to know that cancer is nothing to mess with I lost family to cancer so I have been in these people's shoe and I just hope that everyone will just take the time to relise that cancer is nothing to joke about it kills ruthlessly and takes loved ones from us, so I hope everyone will be more aware these things do happen...."
,Recommended,419460,28963585,Posted: 2 January,all,jp,Oh god. Why did I buy this?
,Recommended,419460,26514947,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Pancake,"It's probably the hardest game I've ever played, but not in the usual way.  Shaken to the core -- what an amazing game."
76561198323376689,Recommended,419460,24918898,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,hughstleger317,Oh God where to start well I'd have to say do not play if you are suicidal or have lost a child to illnes. However this is one of the most influental and impacting experiences I have went on that I even called joel my son at multiple points. I believe this to be something that should be kept in a hard copy for future generations.
76561198057275062,Recommended,419460,31691001,Posted: 11 May,all,cowshit,an important game of this generation that`s trying to show the ups and downs in life.
,Recommended,419460,22681501,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,DankifiedAF,"This game was one the best developed games I've played. It gave me the feels and makes you believe that life should be worth living. There were some confusing parts in the game that had me stuck such as the drowning scene when you have to swim up to the surface. Otherwise, this was a great game and I give my prayers out to the family!"
,Recommended,419460,33222856,Posted: 4 July,all,elizzawilkerson,its a sad game but the art style is wonderful and its just great
76561198201768233,Recommended,419460,32731383,Posted: 24 June,all,pepepacific,"This is a game that REALLY REAL.It really made my feel like drowning in someone else's memory.It's not very touching to me and sometimes it makes me feel very uncomfortable, like something's stuck in my throat. But I guess that's what it's like to have someone you care so much to be diagnosed of cancer.The staff list is filled with a lot of love.Wish we will all be okay."
,Recommended,419460,32763597,Posted: 25 June,all,Wood,"Well, now I'm in peace after struggling through the last few chapters which I could not do anything but let go. It is not just a game to me but more like a story. A story that may not just Joel's parents had to face.A card that I found in the hospital says ""Plan to live, accept you could die/ Plan to die, but please accept you could live"" made my heart break..."
76561198133003419,Recommended,419460,31043726,Posted: 9 April,all,marcosniv,Absolutely beautiful.
,Recommended,419460,29735790,Posted: 5 February,all,Momma Hanson,The most powerful game I've ever played. Cried 3 separate times. Celebrating Joel's life in the best way. Rest in peace little man.
,Recommended,419460,21423596,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Crowbeak,"This game is one hell of an emotional roller coaster. It is not all downer. It's all very intense, though. A very powerful experience.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9YWyLfDo8LA"
76561198133716890,Recommended,419460,27580589,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Yerc,Just Amazing and beautiful
76561198130297245,Recommended,419460,20618568,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,POOP SNIFFER,"Rips your heart out and puts it right back. Incredibly sad, but so much hope and love"
,Recommended,419460,20580590,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Rabbegasten,"Heartbreaking story, very moving and interesting ways to tell the story! I think the idea and the motive behind it deserve  to be made with more funds and more resources to make this more detailed, more immersive and more visually striking. Don't get me wrong, I like the idea of simplicity, especially with the characters. However I'd like more details in general assets, the environment, animations and especially in gameplay."
,Recommended,419460,20587614,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,MrQualitative,"Losing a child is the lived experience of many, many people who are a part of our lives. We just don't know it. Whether through miscarriage or illness, the death of a child is an issue that we too often sweep under the rug in social interactions. We don't ask people how they're coping. We don't ask people what they're feeling. It's a scary topic and we ignore it. We think they don't want to talk about what they've gone through, and while in some cases this may be true I also believe that's an excuse we use to avoid the conversation.This videogame brings the issue of child loss to light in a profound and inspiring way. As the father of very young children, this game filled me with both overwhelming gratitude and overwhelming saddness. Yet in playing it I bore wittness to an experience that has been a silent part of the lives of so many people I know: family members, friends, colleagues, etc.Thank you for designing this incredible experience. It is a beautiful memorial to your son and it has changed me for the better."
,Recommended,419460,20574613,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,endeebee,"Heartbreaking, harrowing, necessary game for those with any humanity"
76561198129041757,Recommended,419460,29549723,Posted: 28 January,all,CathInShadow,"A really interesting experience showing an inventive and intimate way of using games to share an experience.It is a sad experience, but you really feel you get to know the family and their struggles.You should try it. Watching someone play is just not the same.Well worth the money, for the 2 hour experience."
76561198226137128,Not Recommended,419460,20644389,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Mr. Moist,"TL:DRThe first thing I would like to mention is that I only played the first half of this game while connected to Steam. That is why it only registers as me having 1 hour. I have finished the game, however.Also, mild spoilers.""That Dragon, Cancer"" is intended to be a heart-wrenching, tragic depiction of a young boy named Joel's struggle and eventual death at the hands of the most hated disease known to man: cancer. It's based on a true story, and chronicles the parents' emotions, feelings, and spiritual musings as their son's state gradually deteriorates.Here are my pros and cons:PROS:-Beautiful soundtrack.-Competent voice acting, considering the voice actors are the parents of the actual boy himself, and are amateurs.-Unique and intriguing art style.-The emotion in the game is real; if embellished, it's very subtly done.CONS:-Ridiculous $14.99 price tag.-Textures clip and animation falters several times.-Controls are laggy, counterintuitive, and annoying, even for a sort of point-and-click.-Mini games accomplish nothing and often serve to disconnect from the overall theme. They don't convey much emotion and feel out of place.-The game has to be finished in one sitting, or you're completely emotionally disconnected and just kinda annoyed.-It's often hard to tell what the game wants from you. I spent ten minutes with Dolphin Dad doing underwater flips with no idea what I was supposed to be doing.-I completely broke the ""Jesus loves me"" song and ended up with it playing over itself out of sync half a dozen times. Honestly, that was pretty funny. That should be in the pros.Now, to the actual review.""That Dragon, Cancer"" is a good story in the form of a terrible game. The artwork, while initially charming, eventually loses its beauty, becoming a confusing miasma of fractured textures and unimpressive design. The controls are laggy, buggy, and sluggish. The minigames feel forced and pointless. I would have enjoyed this a lot more left as a pure walking simulator.Now to the story.You feel the pain of Joel's parents as their child struggles to grow, his disease evident to even his siblings. The beginning of the game is promising, even a bit tear jerking, although I did not cry. (Not to say I'm incapable of crying. Games such as ""Undertale"", ""To The Moon"", ""Among the Sleep"" and ""I am Bread"" made the tears flow liberally.) The parents are struggling as they attempt to find peace through a completely tragic experience, putting their faith and trust in God to save their son. This is a recurring theme, and perhaps even the main theme of the game, more so than Joel's cancer. The father feels angry that God is allowing this. The mother is angry that the father is angry. Where is God? Will Jesus take their son to heaven? Will he live?The emotion is often times well conveyed. The hospital scene near the end was one of the painful scenes I've ever played. The utter helplessness you feel annoyed me at first, until I realised that is exactly what I was supposed to feel. At which point, I appreciated it. That I was trying so hard to find a way to escape the room, to escape the crying, was a testament to good storytelling. Either that, or i have 7 youngest siblings, and I hate to hear babies cry. One of the two. On the other hand, sometimes the emotion is horribly portrayed. Like dolphin dad. That was just stupid.So this game is a bit up and down. One moment, you'll feel the pain, the emotion, and the beauty that this game is conveying, and the next, you'll be utterly lost. Like that ""Throne of God"" scene. What was I supposed to do with that piano? I just spammed lmb at that point. Which is too bad, because I think that was a really important moment in the game?Also, the portrayal of heaven is strange. I mean, that is a lot of pancakes.So, in conclusion:I'm a Christian. I wanted to be touched by this game. I wanted to cry. I wanted to come away with that same feeling of awe that I felt upon finishing ""The Beginner's Guide:"" that feeling that my perspective on something had been integrally changed forever.But I couldn't. I just couldn't get into it. Every time I would, I would immediately be pushed out of it by something strange and unwieldy the game threw at me. I sat there, staring at the credits, feeling guilty that I hadn't like the game.Don't bother with this one unless it goes on a big sale, folks. Until then, it's just not worth it."
76561198036064556,Recommended,419460,20518253,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,jayhawk,"Great game. Can't wait for the sequel.But in all seriosity, this is a great story. The characters are believable and well written. The believability factor is helped by the fact that the game developer experienced this story in his own life and basically made a cool way to tell his story.This is obviously not a game that is about mechanics, though there are some mechanics scattered sparsely throughout the game. This is a game about a story which is experienced in an interactive way only videogames can manage.I'll be honest, I did wish I had more control over my camera and body in the game. The control scheme is not normal WASD, mouse controls. You can literally just play the game just the mouse or just the keyboard. You click where the game lets you walk/fly to move around.Story-wise, I loved it. There were some points where I was close to tears. My heart was heavy at some parts and light at others. It's interesting how audio can make your mood swing from one end of the spectrum to the other. The voice acting was real. Real good.If I were to compare this game to another game that's like this, only it's crap, I'd compare it to The Novelist. The Novelist had a similar aesthetic. It tried to be more ""gamey"" with mechanics which could have made the game cool, but the writing just sucked. In The Novelist, I did not care about the characters, the voice acting was average to bad (it was boring) and the sound design and music was lacking.That Dragon, Cancer has less fundamental ""gamey"" mechanics, but it fixes every other mentioned problem The Novelist had. The writing is relatable and real, you care about the characters, the sound design is GREAT! If there is a soundtrack DLC, I'll probably get it.Do I recommend this game/story? You bet."
,Recommended,419460,20529194,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Kekistani Master Race,"Great game. I loved the presentation and how the viewpoint switched between characters. During the 'Farmer Bill' segment you can control this and also control the flow of time. The music was good as well. The story is told in a very surreal manner and I ntoiced some really cool symbolism. I'm sure someone who is better than me at dissecting things can find loads of symbolism. Overall, brilliant game. It put you in someone else's shoes and you knew what was going on en though it got quite surreal (especially at the end)."
,Recommended,419460,20530195,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Atrox,"Exploring the journey of Amy and Ryan Green and how their son Joel's cancer impacted their lives is two of the most worthwhile hours I have ever spent. Yes, you will cry! However I found myself smiling, even laughing as I played with Joel. Despite the games dark and sad moments it is at its heart a game about life, love, hope and faith. To call ""That Dragon, Cancer"" a game isn't fair to such a raw, honest and emotional piece of art. As such I suggest playing ""That Dragon, Cancer"" with an open mind and giving yourself the time to think on and reflect on the journey. I know I still am.I did encounter 2 bugs, both of which were minor imo, but required either reloading the scene or restarting the game."
76561198150063504,Recommended,419460,20529526,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,RYU YOUR GOD,"amazing experience, a lot of emotion and they feal so real. it s really hard to play this game but i don t regret a moment my 15 €. All my support go to this familly i wish you the best."
,Recommended,419460,20531880,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Furry Bro Glasky,"The most powerful Game I have ever experianced, and perhaps ever will. This game takes the beauty of life and lets it shine in a way I never thought possible. This game is More of an artistic masterpice than anything made by the likes of Van gogh, Picasso, da Vinci, and Michelangelo. If you can only play one game this year, make sure it's this one."
,Recommended,419460,33639412,Posted: 18 July,all,Reztark,"Excellent game that broke my heart. Will make you feel your feelings again.For me, the religious themes were a plus."
76561198318964928,Recommended,419460,31722067,Posted: 13 May,all,那哈莽行咒,Support the studio.Actually now I'm not so clear about such...emotion ?But maybe in the future.
76561198015119443,Not Recommended,419460,21531861,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,gothamcentral79,I expected to love this game but I didn't connect with it in the slightest. The actual gameplay is very poorly designed and I should have read some more reviews but I didn't want to spoil anything. This game is extremely Christian. There is more Christian talk in this game then Cancer talk.
76561198011979187,Not Recommended,419460,22805819,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,jordanstn,"I bought this game because I work in this field and thought it would be nice to get a parental perspective on this.Don't get me wrong the story is lovely and heartfelt but the mechanics of gameplay are glitchy.It also has that quality to the movement of the screen that makes some players (including me) seasick.I had read other reviews that stated for religious people the end was a touch alienating and had disregarded this but it really is true, if you aren't religious it does lose a lot of relatability."
,Recommended,419460,20505865,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,SheldryCEO,"This game is and feels like a love letter to a lost loved one, it doesnt need and it doesnt want to have other people involved, it feels incredibly personal and thats okay. this game probably took a whole lot of courage to make and publish, it's a really deep and emotional experience and it pushes what games can make, games are art, they don't need to be fun they can touch us like no other media can, this game is art."
76561198062804008,Recommended,419460,20514470,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Finian,"That Dragon, Cancer is a story about one little boy who fought cancer and lost. But, it was one hell of a fight. Not just for him, but for his family of faith. I am not a believer, nor will I ever be, but this true story has merit to the testament of Christianity.Story aside, the gameplay is clunky at times, but that's what you get with a narrative driven game such as this.TL;DR - It was less ""videogame"" and more of an experience I found myself emotionally drained in towards the end...but with suprisingly satisfying results."
76561198208474220,Recommended,419460,20517180,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,HatsuneMikuXP,"Truly a powerful experience even if you are not paticulay religous i highly recomnd this game for an incredibly emotional and heatful story. This game tlls a tragic story in a beautiful way. This game shows that it doesnt need great graphics to be an excelent game. With its bautiful narative, exemplery soundtrack, and simplistic art style i would put this near the top of my must play gams list purely for the exprience and also the relatability because there are a substantial amount of pople and families that have their own battle with cancer including myself this game really sheds new light on it and opens up a new mindset with this terrible struggle opening up new opritunities, restoring new faith, and giving new hope. absolutly loved this i would like to thank the developers for giving m this experience. i think we can all learn a little and really appreciate what little time we have here from little Joel. Absolutely Incredlible. a perfect 10"
,Recommended,419460,32860037,Posted: 27 June,all,EmaginatioN,Lie down. Try not to cry. Cry a lot.666/666
76561198047805379,Recommended,419460,28136207,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Pink Ranger,"♥♥♥♥♥gameplay, impactful story. Willing to admit I cried. Not worth full price though."
76561198114573533,Recommended,419460,20517622,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,RoundBoi,"Ooohhhhhmygod this game is gutwrenching... Really short and maybe not worth $15 but, oooohhhmygod... >_<"
76561197982968927,Recommended,419460,25173530,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Game Geezer,"I just found, to my disgust that lots of people are watching posted videos of this game instead of playing it for themselves.It's sickening and the gaming community as a whole should come together to save it's own reputation of faux gamers and wannabe's that would watch a video, and fail to support a cause such as this!While I've not quite finished, this is a great game and full of inspiration for people, like me with disabilities who are in the fight for their lives.Do   the right thing, Do yourself a favor, buy this game."
,Recommended,419460,20575232,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,FastLawyer,"I seldom pay full retail price for a game, but I felt this game was one of those that I wanted to pay full price.  Do not let the fact that religion or faith is part of the game stop you from deciding to purchase, as you don't need to be religious to enjoy (is that even the right word? experience?) the game, you just need empathy.Please donate to cancer research and prevention."
76561198005345029,Recommended,419460,33431304,Posted: 10 July,all,Groph,T_T
,Recommended,419460,20499046,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Charlie,"First off, for those of you who are low enough to complain about paying for ""two hours"" or about who is profiting from what, I know what you spent on those Force Awakens tickets. ♥♥♥♥ you.Here’s my two cents: Christianity doesn't ring true to me. It doesn’t resonate. But here’s what does—A child who cannot talk, signing for “more.”The frustrations and fury at situations out of our control.The letters we leave for loved ones even if we know they’ll never read them.Wondering what a child dreaming about.Hoping they are happy, surrounded by love, and free from ailments.Wanting my struggle to be remembered and my pain to mean something.Thank you for sharing your story, Joel, Ryan, Amy, and all who are touched by That Dragon, Cancer."
,Recommended,419460,20498515,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,WILLIE,WOW. I don't think I've ever cried so much in my entire life.
76561197970266236,Not Recommended,419460,20568104,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,JustMicah,"Overall, this game is an interesting look at a multitude of metaphoric scenarios and perspectives surrounding a child's battle with cancer.I understand that the experience being conveyed in this game is a quite personal one. That being said, it was a little too churchy for me."
,Recommended,419460,20514080,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Qelric,Just played through this. It's very deep and heavy as you might expect. An experience that will take you on a quite a journey of emotion...
76561198079786794,Recommended,419460,20524092,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Midget Wombat,"I enjoyed this story. As you may have read there isn't much actual game play, it's more of a journey though a family's tragic experience of loosing a son. The story will lead you though the joys of their son’s laughter to the Conflict’s of struggling emotions and the overall love that holds them together. If your one with a heart I’m sure at some point your eyes will water, if not a few times.There are some glitches where you might loose the cursor and have to exit to the Main Menu before continuing. And other parts where your not quite sure on what to do next before the game moves forward. And i think 15USD is a bit much, But the overall experience of the game will leave you feeling a little somber yet grateful for the ride.I will defiantly have my friends play this game."
76561197993733711,Recommended,419460,20498907,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,WaspsinmyHair,"I'll preface the following by saying that I'm a father of a 3-year old girl whom I love deeply. All parents I feel are haunted by the fear, irrational or not, that their child may die. And I wanted to know what Ryan Green, the creator of this game, had to say about his lost son Joel.Was I touched by this game? Yes.Did it drive me to tears? Yes.Did I miss Joel by the end? Yes, and I think you will too.But let's be honest here, this game is being published on Steam as a game. Is it a commercial release? No. Is it an art game? Yes. It has a message and a point it wants to drive home. But honestly, this game is almost utterly devoid of gameplay whatsoever. And the little existing gameplay is frustrating, hard to interpret, and repetitive. Is it a good game? No.The game has essentially been constructed as a linear walkthrough of several mnemonic palaces or rooms. The player is herded from point to point, triggering memories, sound clips, letters, experiences with Joel. It is certainly touching, but also excruciatingly boring at times. The interface is so minimalist that it drives you to spam clicking, hoping an action will be triggered. Part of this is deliberate, since the game is communicating Ryan and Amy's frustration and lack of power, there is no question about that. However, it is also true that the game is asking to be treated like a game, and as such it should be judged on its own merits and demerits. The fact of the matter is that the clunky controls, linearity, and lack of clear direction distract the player and detract from the greater purpose.I think Ryan and Amy deserve sympathy for suffering through Joel's death after a long, frustrating, and painful battle with terminal disease.  But they also deserve praise for the love they displayed by memorializing Joel's brief life. They also showed courage by bearing their own raw grief in a way that is unprecedented for games and may also be unprecedented in other media. People will remember this game for its originality of concept, its tenderness, and for the fact that it was a labor of love, a heartbreaking commemoration of a life barely lived. Because the game delivers such a powerful message of loss, Joel too will be remembered and missed by everyone who plays this.I'd recommend this game, especially the scene where Joel will not stop crying late into the night, to young single people who haven't yet experienced the intense love a parent feels for a child. It will put you in that place mentally where all of us parents have been, and I would say that it is the game's strongest scene. I wish Ryan and Amy all the best."
76561198122132211,Recommended,419460,31799241,Posted: 16 May,all,Steve Harvey,"Cancer is a stinky fart, nobody really likes it honestly......wonderful game"
,Not Recommended,419460,35141093,Posted: 22 September,all,CraftedPixel,This is a really chilling game! But that is ruined by the terrible mouse movement that seems to emulate a joystick and is not sensitive enough. It really takes away from the game.TL;DR Game is good. Controls suck. I'm sorry.
,Recommended,419460,20487381,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Benalishes,"I cried my heart out and had to write to Joel's family after this, it wasn't even a question.You should buy it, don't hesitate."
01189998819991197,Recommended,419460,20509519,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,The Fantastic λctionwill65,"That Dragon, Cancer....I've been sat here for a while, glaring at my screen trying to figure out what to say about this game. I was just left speechless when the credits rolled. I was just so amazed at how this game managed to tell the story of poor Joel in the fantastic way it did, but I can't describe how it does, you're just going to have to play the game yourself to find out (I hate saying this because it's just unhelpful and kinda 'pushy' but it's all I can say).The game itself is quite short to complete (2 Hours) and the price of £10.99 was a bit off-putting for me. However I'm glad I brought this game in the end, because it's an experience that will stick with me for a long time.To conclude, If you don't mind alot of actual gameplay but you like very deep and emotional stories, I highly recommend you buy this game. And in the spirit of Joel's love of pancakes, I'm going to give this game a...Pancakes-with-maple syrup/10"
,Recommended,419460,20488104,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Bee's VitalMoose,This game is like a flower that opens proud and beautiful.it is a masterpiece!
76561198048849220,Recommended,419460,20500676,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,e_gerolaga,"I cannot begin to describe this game... it's hard to, you know? But the journey is worth making... I encourage you to take it, no matter how unsure you are about it... in the end, it's worth more that you can possibly imagine."
76561198004743124,Recommended,419460,20501780,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,what the junk,"I purchased this game after hearing about it on Radio Lab.  I played it and my wife sat with me throughout the entire playthrough.  As parents this was a very emotional game to play.  As Christians, we appreciated the narriative and the hope that is found through our faith but did not present it in a way that would be obtuse to non-christians.  As a father, this made me want to hold my sons and never let them go.  I appreciate this game very much and while some improvements could be made to the gameplay mechanics, the music, story, voice acting, and environment were very adequate in giving us a small glimpse into the pain of That Dragon, Caner.  Thank you."
,Not Recommended,419460,20515409,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,[LP] pvt garfield,you should donate $15 to cancer research instead of spending any of your valuable time or funds on this. Hug your family!
,Recommended,419460,20512478,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,VGAglory,No words........just buy
,Not Recommended,419460,29266997,Posted: 14 January,all,Armadullo,"Not necessarily a bad visual novel, but it is extremely relevant to one person and I don't think it resonates that much outside of that. The game mechanics are terrible and often take you out of the story. The story is gripping and emotional at times, but other times not at all. When it starts getting really religious for example... This isn't a bad game necessarily, it is just a story, and all stories aren't for all people. This one wasn't for me."
76561198108032003,Recommended,419460,20493850,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,desertfiend,"This was one of the hardest games for me to play; not from gameplay, but from how emotional it is, from how personal the story is. Not as a gamer, but as a human being, everyone needs to play this game."
,Recommended,419460,20493567,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,TheDrugLord,May this game serve as a reminder of th frailty of life... And its ephemeral preciousness.Buy this game. You won't regret it.
,Not Recommended,419460,21267288,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Shentharo,"$15 for a game that lasts two hours...  Horrible controls and bland (here comes the hate) story about a kid that dies from cancer and his parents struggle, and capatalism of this event. $15 is too much for this game, after reading countless reviews I had high expectations.  The game is on rails, the controls suck, and if your not religious you may even be offened at the content.Instead of buying this you will get more out of watching these movies:1. ""Wit"" Starring Emma Thompson, this movie is about a powerful and feared scholar who is diagnosed with stage IV ovarian cancer.2.""Stepmom"" In this movie about cancer, Susan Sarandon plays a mom who is dying of cancer. Julia Roberts plays the stepmom who has to step in and help take care of her husband's kids.3.""Crazy Sexy Cancer"" This is a documentary cancer movie featuring actress Kris Carr who turns the cameras on herself as she goes through the experience of being diagnosed with an incurable form of cancer.4.""The Bucket List"" You really can't go wrong with Morgan Freeman and Jack Nicholson. The two star in this cancer movie about two men who meet in a cancer ward and go through a list of things they want to do before they die.5.""Love Story"" This is an older cancer movie, but it is still one of the best. Ryan O'Neil and Ali McGraw play a husband and wife who have to deal with her cancer diagnosis and death.6.""Brians Song"" Another older cancer movie, this film about two Chicago Bears players and their friendship that is not only the first white-black friendship in sports, but also how Gale Sayers stands by Brian Piccolo when he is diagnosed with cancer.7.""Dying Young"" Campbell Scott plays a young wealthy man with leukemia who hires Julia Roberts to take care of him in this cancer movie. The two end up falling in love as they are secluded during his chemotherapy.8.""Life as a House"" Kevin Kline  is diagnosed with terminal cancer in this cancer movie. His diagnoses leads him to build a house on his land that is on the Pacific Ocean as he tries to connect with his son before he dies.9.""Letters to God"" This is a true story about Tyler Doherty, an eight year old boy who has brain cancer. In this cancer movie, God becomes his pen pal as he writes and mails letters to him every day.10.""One More Kiss"" A woman with terminal cancer returns to her former lover in Scotland to try and recapture the joy she once had."
76561198011654426,Recommended,419460,20497783,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Vagabond Sam,"I just finished the game.The review comments about it's pace potentially turning some people off is true, however the game does a magnificent job of placing the player into the perspective of the Green family.This isn't a game about action or exploration. It's about empathy and was a very worthwhile experience.I would like to add that last weeks Reply All podcast episode 'The Cathedral' tells the story of the game's creation and would be essential for anyone who enjoyed the game.https://gimletmedia.com/show/reply-all/It does have spoilers in revealing the nature of several scenes, but I think having all the background details beforehand made the experience better for myself.If you wish to have zero spoilers then certainly listen to it after completing the game."
,Recommended,419460,20506401,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,SidAlpha,"That Dragon, Cancer is a perfect example of how the Video Game Genre can be utilized to great effectiveness in order to relay thought and emotion. And that it is very much an art form in the truest sense of the word when done right. And That Dragon, Cancer gets it right. A narrative-driven game that focuses very much on the story and not the gameplay, That Dragon, Cancer achieves easily what hundreds of games in the past have attempted to achieve. Through a minimalist art design, it retains focus on the narrative itself, which is not only based on but the sole focus of a true story of a family and their battle against the cancer ravaging a young boy.The graphics and level design of the game overall magnificently accentuate the thoughts and emotions that the game is attempting to convey. The simplistic gameplay mechanics might seem droll to some at first glance, but this reviewer took it as a way for the game designers to accentuate the age of the child that was the focus of the game, his battle, his family’s titanic struggle, how inspirational the boy had become to so many people.You can find my full review here:https://youtu.be/RQzlkV1mb5I"
,Recommended,419460,20507513,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Filipesian,"This was one of the most immersive experiences of my entire life.  Thank you, Ryan and Amy.  So much.  This resonated with me on so many levels.  I have a 9 month old son.  I have a strong faith in Christ.  Ryan's way of dealing with everything is EXACTLY how I would in that situation.  Thank you."
,Recommended,419460,20497794,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,ntcertified,I've played a hour of this game and it's definitely a work of art. It can really hit close to home as well. The artwork is amazing and the message is clear. This is more than just a point and click game...its an experience. So glad I took a chance on it.
,Not Recommended,419460,20494228,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,UncommonStuff,"It's hard to write a review of this game.  On one hand there is a very difficult story that I knew would be hard to deal with, I can't imagine the heartache of going through this.  It must be hell.  But on the other I felt like I'd been battered around the head with the Jesus stick.  While I believe that this game is a triumph when it comes to dealing with loss and tragedy, it became too unbearable to deal with the constant references to God.  While games like ""Everybody's gone to the rapture"" deal with personal belief, I never felt burdened with it.  Here it becomes icky...  There isn't another word for it.  It's like sitting in a room with someone telling you about salvation while you make a conscious decision never to visit that person again.Sadly I wont be going on with the game.  I will defend personal faith and everybody’s right to practice it.I have nothing but praise for the game makers for making such a personal and moving game, but I felt so uncomfortable.  In fact I have never felt so uncomfortable playing a game in my life.  I like my views challenged but not imposed upon."
,Recommended,419460,20502651,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Genie,Beautiful art & sound direction to tell a deeply emotional story! A triumph of games as a medium of story-telling!
76561198025025759,Not Recommended,419460,20964951,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Jambnine,"The first half of this game was a fantastic exploration of the emotional rollercoaster that the developers went through when their son was diagnosed with cancer. The pacing, storytelling, and use of metaphore were really quite powerful; and even though I knew how their story ended, I really wanted to take the journey with them.Unfortunately, the second half of the game is devoted almost exclusively to the developers' religious beliefs, culminating in forcing the player to stand in a church lighting candles and listening to prayer for several minutes at the end of the game. While I have no doubt that this narrative matches the developers' real-life story, the extent of the religious content of this game was not at all clear from the descriptions and really took me out of the immersion because I could no longer relate to what they were going through. If I had known that half the game would be dedicated to biblical stories and prayer, I would never have purchased it."
76561198026874404,Recommended,419460,20512962,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,daresbane,"This is less of a game and more of an experience, or an art piece. Many people (at least in some of the forums) seem to be expecting something far different.  It is what it is.As a parent of a special needs child it really struck home. The game allows the player to be a part of those tragic yet beautiful experiences parents face when confronted by the mortality of their children."
,Recommended,419460,28800157,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Wubbs,"Bought this game on sale, played it and beat it in 1.5 hours, refunded it. 10/10 would cry again."
,Recommended,419460,20499949,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,bwpatton,"To Ryan and Amy Green,Thank you.To everyone else,Play this game, with headphones, in a single sitting. Then share some pancakes with your loved ones. You will not regret it."
76561198040870584,Not Recommended,419460,20635926,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Metalburning,"If you are not religious in any sense then do not get this game (I was raised christain and still believe in god, but not christianity / church).I say this because while the first half was good, the second half is mainly about religion / god, I couldnt take it. I tried to power through but it kept getting more and more about god I had to quit the game.Sad too because this game got me emotional at the beginning and dissapointed toward what I think was the end."
,Recommended,419460,20500016,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,prism,"This game is amazing. It will take you two all the motions, and will leave you completely moved, and happy that you took the time to play it. This game might change you, and give you closure on some of lifes struggles."
,Recommended,419460,20499117,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,ChaosMass,"This is a tribute not only to a lost child, but to all those that suffer from cancer. This a story of hope, and despair, and fght for faith in something greater - despite it not being answered in the best manner. You will feel the pain. You will see the tears. And you will want a better end for it.But it's already done.0/10 would want anyone through your pain, ever"
,Recommended,419460,20496449,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,James,"Best religious ""game"" I've ever played.  It didn't pretend to be anything than what it was.  Well done."
76561198065353838,Recommended,419460,20497401,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Tiny Waffle Cock,Beauitful game. Just amazing.
,Recommended,419460,20502157,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,MrPuppeteer,I dont usually write reviews...but this game was really good! The story is amazing but sad at the same time because it is real. It makes you appreciate life more.
,Recommended,419460,20499954,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,therealtakeshi,"I've never been moved by a game in this way, and I hope you'll experience the same. I've cried during games before, but it's always been inside a crafted narrative, played out by fictional characters, and that facet of ""this is fake"" was always in the back of my mind. In contrast, That Dragon, Cancer is less performance (I think that as a game, performance is a necessary part) and more conversation. Human to human. It felt like Ryan, Amy, and their family were not just telling but showing me their story, in the way that only visual media can. And I was there, crying and laughing along with them, like we were old friends.It's small in scope as games go, but the striking, hyper-realistic audio coupled with the minimalist UI and low-poly visuals creates a quick sense of immersion. At once both vivid and dreamlike, mirroring the emotional state of Ryan and Amy. And in the first 20-30 minutes, I reached that place too. I felt like I was walking along with them all the way until The End, about 160 minutes in my playthrough.I ran into a couple bugs that were annoying enough to warrant mention. I had to restart a chapter because the scripting broke, there was a voicemail I couldn't click, and a single letter played at 10% volume relative to the others. Annoying not in their own right but because I wanted so much for this story to play how it was intended. I will note though that I was immersed again within minutes, and the bugs ultimately didn't take anything away from the story.If you're interested in That Dragon, Cancer, then you probably know at least a little bit about it, and I'm not going to spoil anything. Just buy it and play it, alone or with a loved one. It's a tragic and hopeful human story. It's not about the glorious triumph of faith, it's about the endurance of faith even when it's seemingly failed. It's gorgeous, moving, and well-told. There are scenes that will be with me for awhile, and I'm glad for that. Play it, and you'll find your own."
,Recommended,419460,20485740,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Eliyahu haNavi,This will most likely be the hardest and most touching game you will ever play.This is an experiential game that will leave you changed and a better human being.
,Recommended,419460,20501433,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,sophistre,"I first saw this at PAX two years ago, but I was too afraid to play it.2.7 hours is what it took for me to finish this game, which isn't really a game--more like a memoir, and a very personal account of one family dealing with the unthinkable realities of terminal illness, and all of the conflicting, complicated, messy feelings that this can entail.It also deals quite a bit with the faith of the Green family, and although I'm not in the least bit religious, I appreciated those very personal insights into their struggles, doubts, and hopes. If religious discussion bothers you, I suppose it might put you off, but it's not there to preach to anyone, it's just a powerful underpinning of the way in which this family tried to approach coping with something that most of us can't really imagine (and will hopefully never experience).It is challenging to experience, even from the position of outsider looking in. It was a brave thing to commit these experiences to any medium and turn them loose in the world. I hope it was healing, too. By the end of it I couldn't keep the tears at bay, but it was so, so comforting to see the credits at the end, and the long--long, long--list of backers from the kickstarter campaign...all those people who rallied behind the story of one family (which is, in its way, the story of many families)."
76561198108031310,Recommended,419460,20501829,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Captain Cuddles,"Such a sad and emotional story about the worse disease of all. It is told through a poetic narrative that can be happy at times, but then hit you in the feels right after. I highly reccomend this game. Mostly because it deals with a subject that affects us all. It will change you, I know it changed me."
,Recommended,419460,20500370,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,this_is_chris,"*** THERE MAY BE SPOILERS AHEAD. YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED. ***'That Dragon, Cancer' is one of those games that I don't think I could recommend easily, because it lacks in actual gameplay. If you're into games of this genre, then Yes. Definitely play this game. The little gameplay to be found is made up with enthralling moments, amazing story-telling, incredible art and sound, and probably one of the best stories I've read/experienced in some time.You 'play' as Ryan Green, the father of a young baby named Joel that has cancer. You experience the lives of Ryan, Amy & Joel during this period in their lives, from their amazing highs (playing in the park, feeding ducks, 'leaving the hospital' party) to their dreaded lows (conversation with doctor, final moments with Joel). The experience is truly something worthwhile.That being said, for me personally, I did not particularly enjoy the ocean/drowning section of the game, when Ryan seems to go on a lot about God & Jesus. I understand that this was Ryan's way of dealing/coping; I am fine with that, I have nothing against it. My problem is, it pulls you away slightly from the immersion of a father trying to enjoy the last moments he has with his son, and it becomes more about him justifying having faith when he didn't before.Again, I'm not bashing it; if that's what he used to help him get through those last few days, I wholly understand why. I just think that it pulled away from what made the game great FOR ME. The ending, however, is probably one of the best endings I've experienced in some time; seeing Joel with the puppy and the pancakes made me grin from ear to ear.All in all, I loved this game. It was worth every penny. The game has as much replayability as watching a movie, in my opinion. I hope we see more games like this is in the future, because they're incredible when done right.And 'That Dragon, Cancer'? It was done incredibly right."
76561198165076233,Recommended,419460,20498469,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,katamaris4ever,"A very emotional two hours; if you've ever experienced loss and grief, this game will grip you and hold you relentlessly through the journey. There are times when I really thought scenes were out of place, but in the grand narrative, it was great."
,Recommended,419460,20498885,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Happydude159,"I've never felt so close to people that I've never met than I have when playing this game. This is one of the most human experiences I've had in a long time.For anyone looking for an enriching experience that will drag you to tears and something you wont forget for many many years to come, this is money well spent."
76561198076483157,Recommended,419460,20496992,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,GentlemanEXP,"This game is not an RPG, it is not a choose your own adventure game, it is not a game where anything you do will ever change the outcome because this game is a story. A story of pain, suffering and beauty all wrapped up into a video game, but can you even call this a video game? On some level this game will change you because experiencing what it like to watch a young boy grow and develope all the while battling ""That Dragon, Cancer,"" is like nothing you can even imagine. Nothing you've read previous to playing this game will ever prepare you for the emotion it brings about. You will most likely cry, but that's okay because that is merely part of being human. This game is not meant to be played, but rather experienced on an individual level. Everyone should experience this game. 2 hours is all it takes and will be worth every penny you put into it.On a side note this story is very heavily based in christianity. With several references to scriptures, prayers and several christian songs. If this offends you or disgusts you then i call you to challenge yourself. Experience briefly what god can do in people's lives, if only for 2 hours of your time."
76561198170654981,Recommended,419460,20509016,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,<Marijuan Deags>,Life altering is the only way i can describe it.
76561198021944055,Not Recommended,419460,31138485,Posted: 14 April,all,malenebr,"I am very mixed, because I like that the game support a terrible disease and the story is touching the end, but it seems the choice of media is wrong .. As video games are quite boring without really some options, and then quickly completed. Buy the game if you want support, but you need not to play."
76561198009867343,Not Recommended,419460,20545578,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,adept42,"I don't recommend people buy this game, but I'm still glad it was made. Interactive experiences like this are a new art form that deserve support, but not all experiments bear fruit.Here's what I liked in no particular order:1) Nice music, although it got a bit repetitive at times.2) When viewed from a distance, the abstract human figures looked quite nice.3) Some of the fanatasy imagry was beautiful. I particualrly liked to see balloons carry Joel ride on constellations come to  life.4) The cancer ward filled with cards was simple but devastatingly effective. It conveyed how many people had fought to live in those halls.5) A lot of Ryan's narration was quite moving. I wish we had been ""in his head"" the whole game. I thought the episode where he's trying to get Joel to settle down was well done. It wasn't a bug that Joel was invisible -right? I was able to empathize with Joel much more in that scene than I could at most other times...Here is what I disliked:1) The abstact character models were a big, big, turn-off for me when viewed close-up. Whenever I was forced to get physically close to Joel, I was repulsed. I was acutely aware that this thing in front of me was just a collection of polygons, and it just felt ""wrong"" to pretend I was playing with a real toddler. The fact that this was all based on a little kid that had really died made things even worse. I would be as if someone made a doll that looked like Joel and expected me to pretend that lifeless, inert doll was a a living, breathing child.2) The controls were frustrating. I get that the creators wanted to limit interactivity to help maintain the tone they wanted and to focus the narrative. However, there are better ways to do that which don't have me constantly wondering where I'm allowed to click or what I have to click before I can procede. This might have been less of an issue if there weren't parts of the game that I disliked and wanted to get through ASAP. Still, any time that I'm thinking of how to get through the game as a GAME means I'm stepping back from being immersed in the experience you're trying to create.3) On that note, the driving and platforming mini-games were clumsy and un-fun.  I enjoyed break from the monotony of click-hunting, but you have a problem when you need mini-games to distract from the tedium of your core gameplay.4) The one place the clicking around really grated on me was when you're fluttering around the ocean filled with bottles. I didn't know where I had to go and got frustrated.5) This might seem cruel, but I didn't like Amy's voicework or what she had to say. Because of that, it was a real chore to have to listen to all of those bottles filled with her letters. Her stuff seemed very one-note to me while Ryan had more of an arc. It also seemed like we didn't see her worry, suffer, and grieve as intimately as we saw Ryan do all of those things. I recogize that she doesn't have to do so the same way or as visibly as he does, but it seemed like everything we saw of her was through the lens of her religion while Ryan was more human and nuanced.This whole review probably comes off as cruel, but I feel like a public work of art deserves public critcism. If Ryan or Amy ever read this, wish you all the best and commend you for your courage in making this game."
,Not Recommended,419460,20539713,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Pug,"Great first half, horribly religious and fanatical second. What first felt like a means for all to experience the hardships of cancer in the family quickly turned into a narrative that was too difficult to relate to, and one that ultimately provides no solution for dealing with traumatic times other than to find God - which, I see as the easy way out and one that offers no resolution."
76561198030732435,Not Recommended,419460,20869653,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,katidjacobs,"I went in wanting to enjoy the game. Usually a fan if Indie games.  But feel I wasted my time.Art: Loved it.  Very pretty and really painted a good picture of emotionControls: Little awkward.  Felt I was missing things but couldn't tell.Story:  This is where It fell flat.  So many times I kept hoping it would get interesting.  There are a couple good/creative moments. But the sotry felt very stagnant.  There wasn't really any character growth.  Felt like nothing was learned, discovered, or that anything changed.  After about the first 5 mintes... you pretty much know what the rest of the entire game will be like."
76561197989682598,Not Recommended,419460,20518089,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Heretic40K,though it was good and I was sure to be touched by this game... I would've been...thats until they started talking about all that ''he's with god'' ''god will save him'' ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. that turned me off big time.
,Not Recommended,419460,20500543,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Jonny,"The game looks lovely and runs well, but there are some SEEEEEEEEERIOUS game breaking bugs present in the current build. Basically, if you accidentally have a button left held at the wrong time you're going to be stuck. You won't be able to progress at best, and at worst you won't be able to even access the game's menu to reload the current location.I really wanted to enjoy this game, but I couldn't, after getting stuck without being able to move twice within the first 5 minutes."
76561198051610053,Recommended,419460,20509790,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,I HATE KNEEGROWS,"I'm going to start this review by saying that I requested a refund for the game. This is more like an interactive movie than a video game, which is not quite what I expected. The story focuses on a child named Joel's fight with cancer. It is an extremely touching story, but with that being said, it is boring. If you want to see the story I would recommend just watching a youtube playthrough. This game would be worth $5, but $15 for a 2 hour movie that you can look around in is way too steep. I was also experiencing glitches that required a restart within 5 minutes. It started with little things like the camera jumping around, but ended with me not being able to move. It did leave me with a different outlook on cancer, which is something that no other game has ever done for me, which is why I gave it a thumbs up."
,Recommended,419460,20496303,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,DangerRyan,"What an amzing game. If you don't know, this game is based on a true story.The creaters did such an amazing job at painting visuals that can tug at your emotions as if you were there.This isn't so much of a game as it is a story or a journey. This one has all of the feels."
,Recommended,419460,20496555,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Krokodil,"A ruthless onslaught of emotions, that follows a familys journey of battling their sons cancer.Absolutely outstanding, relateable to everyone.Is it worth the price? yes.dont even question your wallet.buy it. Play it. Understand its message"
,Not Recommended,419460,20595320,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Keaze,"first half was good, second half was religious shenanigans."
,Not Recommended,419460,29309408,Posted: 16 January,all,GnomeVomit,"Cancer is a real ♥♥♥♥♥ and this subject matter is always terrible, but I could not finish this game. Any sort of emotional connection this game tries to create is thrown away with these horrible mini games that you are forced to play and the sloth like camera movements throughout. I would have much rather watched a documentary about this experience...Thankfully this option is available with ""Thank You For Playing."" The moment I left the game and uninstalled it was not the card section, even though to read all those would take you an hour (definitly didn't do that), I quit at the adrift section as soon as I saw all of the floating bottles. An insane amount of dialogue with no animations and nothing to do is a frusturating experience, which is why this should have only been a documentary. Last time I trust the game award's opinion on anything.I don't recommend this, but I do recommend ""A Story About My Uncle."" That game has fun gameplay and a touching story that is brought to a strong finish along with evolving gameplay."
76561198017790817,Recommended,419460,20491656,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Bebechaman,"That was so sad. ''spoiler'' I cried at the part where the mom is writting a letter to the game dev, because her daughter find happines in a game. It was her last good moment and the mother was eternaly gratefull. Its a  really sad game."
,Recommended,419460,20493371,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,HelterSkelter937,Cant play this game after first 15 min tears were flowing ...for 15 $ you get a life story hearttouching and great.joel giggle forever <3
,Not Recommended,419460,24820637,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Lion King weeb,"TL;DR: The Christian morals and story about struggling with faith was very refreshing to see, and its art style is very nice looking, however its wonky controls, campy tone, ridiculously slow pace and heavy reliance on artistic scenes did not immerse or interest me in the way I had anticipated.Let me start this review off by saying that I loved the Christian morals and ideas shown in this game, and I enjoyed the story about battling with faith and tragedy. However, regretfully, I don't think I can wholeheartedly recommend this game.First off, the art direction is very pretty and contemporary, and I liked looking at each set piece in the story. It's a shame then that the wonky controls withheld me from fully imbibing them. The mouse sensetivity never seemed consistant, or if there was mouse acceleration on, there was no setting to turn it off, unfortunately. Also, I would've definitely enjoyed an option to choose to use WSAD to walk instead of point-and-click. I thought it was annoying to use most times and probably lessened my immersion in the game.Also, I think this game might have been too short, or maybe I was expecting too much from it. The game felt quite short and anti-climactic, however the pace is painfully slow. Usually scenes will last as long as you let them, which can make certain scenes go on for what feels like forever. It felt to me like they would rather show a slow, symbolic, campy scene rather than the intenseness of how real life must've felt. I dunno. Maybe I was over-estimating this game.All in all, there were a few scenes I thought had a very clever mechanic or idea, but I never really felt immersed in this game like I wanted to be. I loved its morals, but sadly I didn't love the game."
,Not Recommended,419460,22568858,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Powersocke,"People are gonna hate me for this.I didn't like it. Controls are wonky, artstlye's horrendous, story's insignificant. Yes, I know, cancer is evil and kids dying is so sad and whatnot but it's nothing that hasn't happened. Before. In fact, kids die from cancer all the time. Facts of life.Well of course there's been the bits where we can look at the suffering the parents endured but again - nothing I didn't hear of and/or experience myself.Now what bothers me the most about this is that this ""game"" (more like an explorative experience) is really desperately trying to make you cry and feel for the child. Like, really desperately. Well, there's also one or two other stories about dead people who are dead because of cancer but that's negligible.Anyway, I didn't like it and I didn't think it was worth either my time or my 15€. However, you might if you're into what basically is an interactive 3D novel with a run-of-the-mill storyline. I don't recommend it though. This subject is too insignificant for it to be worth it."
,Not Recommended,419460,22777396,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Killrig,"In the brief description of That Dragon, Cancer, it states ""themes of FAITH, hope, and love."" I just want to point on the heavy emphasis on faith.As a former Christian who has moved on from the world of blind faith, cults, and being brainwashed, halfway through this experience I could no longer relate to the emotional impact that Green family is trying to deliver. I respect their personal beliefs and how it played a role in the loss of their son, but in the end their religion played a bigger role than their own son.The game's credit sequence had more of emotional infuence on me than the ending itself.Sadly, I cannot recommend this game. However, if you're a believer in God and Jesus, than perhaps this will be for you."
,Recommended,419460,20499992,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Waluigi,Easily one of the best games I've ever played
76561198225049536,Not Recommended,419460,20741458,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,NathanGriffith223,"Please do yourself a favor and wait until this game hits around 5 dollars. The game is not very good, and I really didnt even tear up, which I figured I would considering I lost my father this year to cancer. Just a sloppy game unfortunetely."
,Recommended,419460,20487479,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Lalo,Wow.Eyes are leaking.
,Recommended,419460,20493059,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,kys,"I only played 40 minutes of the game and I can already tell that this is gonna be the next be thing! I'm really sorry for your loss.I'm gonna try and make this game as much popular as I can, so I made a video and I hope it does the credit it deserves, I hope you like it:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cqqf3wm0C-s"
,Not Recommended,419460,28435335,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Kipex,"Touching story that made me more emotional outside the game before I actually played it. For whatever reason it didn't grab me as much as I expected it to. There's barely any mechanics and on some level it even managed to annoy me with the main mechanic of trying to find that one spot you need to click on your screen to progress. I appreciate the fact it exists, but based on my own experience can't really recommend it."
76561198020085437,Recommended,419460,20485467,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Nokzen,A very beautiful and touching experience.Worth checking out for sure.https://youtu.be/-tk6p6SLEJo
76561198149146392,Not Recommended,419460,22682415,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,The Chickenman,"I don't want to be a♥♥♥♥♥♥ but I don't think they should've made a game of this. It was just soooo boring. I think they did a great job at conveying their emotions, frustration, and thoughts to the player, but there was never any actual gameplay. You're just watching story."
76561198031875543,Recommended,419460,20492994,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Poliban,"You can't simply sit down and play this game, you feel it, you get involved, and it's just superb"
,Not Recommended,419460,31849012,Posted: 19 May,all,Larry Chupacabra,"The Loss of a Child at such a young age is always a tragic event. Im not a parent so I could only imagine what that's like  to go through.That said this game doesn't really feel finished. It feels like a mishmash of different bullet points that a college student cobbled together into one of their starting projects. Its got the foundation to some extent. But none of this really feels like it fits together into a coherent narrative. After going through the entire game all I got was a rough timeline of child is sick, child is in the hospital, some disjointed memories of the parents coping, Death, and then ending.There isn't much to say about the gameplay. This isn't really a walking simulator. Its more like an interactive storybook with some random mini games that pretty much play themselves. If it wasn't for the requirement to click occasionally you could prolly walk away and it would play itself.The game has a solid message and I could understand it getting an award for impact. But the delivery was poor. If you're curious you can see my video where I play and discuss parts of it here:https://youtu.be/u-C-mALVECM"
76561198093553293,Not Recommended,419460,33632419,Posted: 18 July,all,I_am_a_great_magician,"Unfortunately, I can't recommend that others buy this game.  While this game is definitely unique and thought-provoking, it is probably the shortest game I have ever played in my entire life.  It's so short, in fact, that you will likely be able to beat the entire game and still be eligible for a refund from Steam.  In my case, I beat the game in 94 minutes.  Despite all of the things that this game does well, I really don't think this game provides enough content to be worth anything more than $2."
,Not Recommended,419460,33720748,Posted: 22 July,all,Jornam,"Although it deals with a very emotional theme, the lack of smooth gameplay prevents you from emerging."
,Not Recommended,419460,26375634,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Stan Marsh,"This is very disrespectful thing to criticize videogames like that, but, eventually, there are no other options. And I am going to explain why I can't advise you to play it.Firstly, ""That Dragon, Cancer"" is, of course, very personal game - it was created as a memorial for Joel by his loving family. But that is where the biggest misadvantage lies. The other people, who play this game, can not possibly feel all emotions of those who were on-the-spot witnesses of child's life. Compared, for example to other visual story, ""To the Moon"", ""That Dragon, Cancer"" have absolutely no benefits at all - no consistent story (just snippets), no beautiful graphics (of course, it was not priority, but anyway) and no remarkable moments.One thing I can outline most is that I love visualisation of cancer itself as a terrifying black trees. And, to my way of thinking, there is only one touching moment in this game - a walk in hospital hallway full of ""goodbye"" postcards. But, unfortunately, this is it - other parts of game are not interesting, sometimes even boring.With all due respect to those who create this game - sorry, but I was not impressed, so I clearly can't recommend it. The game is not bad itself, but it is the very definition of words ""not for everyone"". So, as were said before - do not buy this game but donate money on some kind of cancer research center instead."
,Not Recommended,419460,20616050,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Redpilljunkie,"This game is offensive to people who's lost any loved ones to Cancer, it's the most selfish way to dump emotional burdens on its audience to find closure while profiting from the death of a kid and trying to be seen as a heroes (the Greens) while making an attempt to evangelize the buyers of the product. This thing should not exist. If you've lost somebody to cancer, why would you relive anything like that? If you haven't you won't get this game so I don't see the point. This game is just so wrong. The art, music and sound is great, that's the only thing good about this piece of crap."
76561198330930864,Not Recommended,419460,25662685,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,emp,"Ummmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm so unless you're very religious, this game will not be for you. Its layout is counterintuitive and leaves you searching for how to get out of actions/areas and unsure of what to do next. I bought the game because I heard the podcast on Radiolab, but I think I connected more to that show than this game."
,Not Recommended,419460,20498581,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,iInsanityx09,"Went into this game expecting an emotional rollercoaster, and i was already tearing up by the second scene.That being said, this game does not work properly for 21:9 (Ultra Wide Screen) monitor users.The reason i am not recommending this game is due to the fact that in scene 3, ""On Hospital Time"", it wont let me move or look around or do anything for that matter. I'm just stuck looking at the chair in the middle of the room. There seems to be no fix for it, as I've tried restarting the game and also tried replaying through the first two scenes again. It just gets stuck and i have to exit the game. Until that gets fixed, this was a waste of 15 dollars, since it does not work on my screen. I installed it on my roommates computer and it worked fine on his 16:9 display, but i don't have access to his computer constantly.This is a warning to those that have 21:9 displays, stay away until they fix this issue. I will update this review accordingly.****I MANAGED TO FINISH THE GAME, I BORROWED MY ROOMMATES MONITOR FOR THE NIGHT*****The following is my review of the actual game itself;I went into this game expecting to cry a lot. My family is no stranger to cancer. My grandmother was diagnosed with Breast Cancer when I was around 15 years old. She beat it, or so we thought. It reappeared in her lymph nodes when i was 19. By the time I had turned 21, it was back full force. I was away for most of the year after I joined the military, and when I finally came back home, she was no longer the strong woman I once looked up to. She was one of the closest people in my life and the struggle of watching her deteriorate absolutely broke me. There is still a feeling of guilt and remorse to this day for personal reasons I don't wish to divulge. But now my Aunt is also struggling with terminal cancer, she's already living past when the doctors expected. My mother just underwent surgery on her lip for a cancerous group of cells. My grandfather had skin cancer on his nose. My other grandfather battled with prostate cancer. This game was going to hit very hard in a very tender spot for me.All that being said, I was crying by the second scene. By the time I hit the scene with all of the cards (you'll see) I was an absolute mess. Tears, snot, shaking uncontrollably, all of it. I had to walk away from the computer for an entire hour to compose myself. It hit too close to home. I couldn't read any more of those god damned cards. By the time I had finished the game, I almost felt a shred of relief. But the credits even got me going again.This game also deals with a struggle of faith in christianity, none of which I can personally relate to as I am agnostic. But it might reach out to some of you folks more than it did for me.As for the actual game itself, the controls felt a little clunky, and even upping the look sensitivity felt a little too slow still.There were quite a few completely unneeded mini-games strewn throughout as well, often not giving you any sort of instructions. I feel that these interrupted the flow of the story being told, and were too distracting. This would function better as an interactive experience instead of feeling like it was forced to have more game like qualities.In short, I got more than I bargained for in the emotional department.The game tries too hard to be a game sometimes instead of focusing on the storytelling experience.Overall, if you enjoy extremely emotional (and true) stories, it's worth playing through. Just be prepared for the occasional mini-game that feels out of place."
76561198093768306,Not Recommended,419460,25155025,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Raff,"if you are in anyway against religion and for science, this game will make you cry and then later puke! you will turn this off before the end.Don't get me wrong i felt for the couple, but the bible study at the end.. couldn't handle it.  I stopped giving a ♥♥♥♥ so much when they used the bible jesus this jesus that..i'm not saying it's terrible but i truly felt it like another Christian scheme, ""Prey on the vulnerable""Get me feeling for your terrible situation, and the big hero god and jesus saves the daySeriously .....♥♥♥♥ this game, I'm sorry your child did or didn't die turns out reality and truth sucks and so does cancer."
76561198060353771,Not Recommended,419460,32855364,Posted: 27 June,all,Lord HeM,"Just because this game supports good thing, it doesn't mean that this game is good."
,Recommended,419460,20484741,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Brooska,I just recorded a letsplay of this and i'm glad i get to share this moment with my subscribers. I am truly sorry for your loss. It was a great experience being able to look into the minds of the two parents and their ups and downs with their situation. Lots of love.
,Not Recommended,419460,23781405,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,NoviceGamerGirl,"If you don't like kids, don't play this game. You won't care about anything."
,Not Recommended,419460,22469675,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,diabetic65,This game gave me cancer.
76561198048268849,Not Recommended,419460,24895531,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,makersley,I like walking simulators.  I like philosophical games.  I like things with a bit of depth to them.  I like things that don't feel they have to be traditionally representational.I'm sure this was very cathartic for the people who made it and that it is deeply personal to them.  There's no reason for this to be interactive.  Watch someone else's Let's Play; then you'll find out whether it's worth having the experience without having to pay for the privilege.  I certainly wish I had.  Shallow and boring.  Next!
,Not Recommended,419460,20553400,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Twidgit,controller support is glitchy.  game is not interesting at all.  do not recommend
,Not Recommended,419460,31570060,Posted: 5 May,all,Kaiser Gagius,"Gotta admit I got moved by the truth behind this game, but damn is it boring, can barely even be called a game, more like a visual novel of drama. (even if it is based on a true and tragic story, it isn´t a good game)"
,Not Recommended,419460,30174658,Posted: 25 February,all,Pyroheatz CS.MONEY,"This game is great and has a very powerful story. But I just cannot recommend this game at all. Its good for the first NINE chapters and then you get to a part where its supposed to be like this arcade style sort of game where you control joel. As soon as you get hit by the first fire ball and respawn it wont let me see joel and I cannot continue with the game. it just glitches and I have to restart the entire chapter in order to try again which is quite annoying. I've retried and restarted the game many times now and it just doesnt seem to help. I'l give this game a positive view if they fix this issue, for now DONT BUY THIS GAME! Waste of money for only a quarter of the game."
76561197974020350,Not Recommended,419460,28169233,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Prolyxis,Too much Jesus.9/20
,Not Recommended,419460,24090907,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Phoenix,"Expected a game like Dear Esther, got a bible thumper slamming his dead cancer kid into my face. Fun.Do not buy if you like walking simulators. Buy if you enjoy The Kardashian's Religious Emo Rollercoaster Simulator 3000."
,Not Recommended,419460,20504764,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,☠mankey☠,"Probably 1 of the worst ""games"" i have ever played. Like going to bloody church, non-stop talk about fkn jesus and sh*t. To play you just click through the whole game, look at stupid pictures, read notes about god, listen to stories about god, listen to prayers to god, god, god, god, god, god, goddddamn this fkn gameIt is super slow, super short and the most exciting part lasts for 30seconds and you driving a shitcunt cart thing.Very few sad moments (was purchased for the feels) but i just feel like i got out of church.Worth buying if you missed a sermon or something, if you want to ""play"" something sad or fun this isnt for you."
,Recommended,419460,20683849,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Kou Tatsumiya,"This kind of game, it isn't really a game. It's a story, and it's a personal one, or at least similar to many other stories children and their families can tell or are living right now. As someone who fought the battle, this is all too familiar. The first time I booted up the game, I felt sick and I couldn't continue on, because it was hard to watch the story progress. It was my experience, my friends' experiences, and the Green family's experience all melded together. Even if you're not interested in the gameplay, or the way this story is told, you should buy it. I think it makes cancer something real to people. Through the experiences of the Green family, cancer stops being that thing you only hear about through fundraisers, the media, fictional books, or potential charities to donate to. Make no mistake, you will cry. You will smile. You will despair, but you will also hope just as these people did. There's no point in rating this game, because you can't rate something so personal. I would say that you should buy the story, and let yourself be changed for the better because of it."
,Recommended,419460,20604788,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Pluvio,I completed this in one sitting... Im not here to rate it... It is not a game... it is an experience... And all I want to say is...THANK YOU....THANK YOU AND THANK YOU... For letting me in and sharing this experience. It is something I will forget or rather it is something I dont want to forget.Once again.... THANK YOU.
76561197975895891,Recommended,419460,22169759,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,-[c-unit]- dark-crow,"This game is like an interactive movie. A movie which feels and looks like a dream. A very sad dream. Or you can just call it art.It is one of those ""games"" where you start thinking about your own life, about the people in your life and what really matters in life. You will cry, maybe sometimes smile, but again, you'll feel damn sad while you play this game.Every another word would be a spoiler but I just wanna mention one thing. The religious part isn't that big as people said. I expected much more god/jesus-staff after some of the critics.Give this peace of art a chance. Its about 2hours long. At least in sale you should buy it to support such kind of games. There should be much more like this out there."
76561198134652881,Recommended,419460,22263329,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,irionms,"Let me start by saying that after I read what this game was about, I bought it without hesitation.  For anyone reading this and considering buying this game I can't give this game the respect it warrants in words. I cried-bawled- my way through this beautiful story, and my tears are still drying as I type this. I don't know if the developper will ever see this, but if he does, I just want to say this was beautiful and perfect and so much more than I imagined and hoped for. Your son and your story will inspire so many people because of your wonderful game, and Joel will be eternal both here on earth and in heaven."
76561198170121147,Recommended,419460,22263485,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,pokemeowstic,"Im an emotionless robot. It dosent matter if my favorite charachter died, I won't cry. But this... this made me question. It made me question how I live. I live a life where my biggest struggle is that there are not more games like this that leve me in the brink of tears AND questioning my life. Thank you. This was truly an experience. My heart goes out to the Greens. Your little boy is a warrior, and he will be able to battle any dragon. Say hi to Manju for me ok?"
,Recommended,419460,22051233,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,truburt,"Touching, emotional, fair, really personal. A journey to never forget."
,Recommended,419460,22342250,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Saltire,"Too emotional for me to play through, but such a beautiful concept.Glad I own it, glad it was made, but I'm just not strong enough to see it through.Maybe one day."
76561197970286141,Recommended,419460,22304000,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Lost One,"I have never had an experience where playing a game made me want to be a better person.  Please support this story, buy it for your friends.  Our community of gamers needs more content like this."
,Recommended,419460,22262230,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,VenomThunder66,"This is one of the best games I've seen in a while. Going through a video I took of it and hearing what I said, and seeing the magnificent art and story behind it, this is a game you don't want to miss. It's one of the best games represented well on a serious note, as many other games don't hold such a story or don't display all the emotion and inside story. It hits closer to those who have been through some sort of tragedy, not just cancer.Definitely something to play, just for the meaning. I highly reccommend this."
,Recommended,419460,22297343,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,daballsak,Beutiful game
,Recommended,419460,22309181,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,@OnFireMaverick,One of the sadist games on steam
76561198035451762,Recommended,419460,22316978,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Snotling,"An incredible emotional rollercoaster exploring the passing of Joel and his battle with cancer. Beautifully crafted, presented in a slightly abstract world yet rooted firmly in the raw, bleak and sadly too often hopeless reality in which we all exist.This interactive narrative holds back no punches as it delves into a topic which we as humans usually shy away from; death, dying and loss. The player follows the final months of Joel as he succumbs to his cancer, looking at it from the perspective of his parents as they struggle to come to terms with this life shattering event. The experience is far from easy, with some scenes that will quite literally have you begging for them to end as you are forced to come face to face with the process of death, and in this case the death of a child.An incredible piece of interactive narrative which stands head & shoulders above the sea of adolescent mediocracy which has plagued the video game industry for far too long. Following in the same trend as Gone Home, This War of Mine and Thomas Was Alone, That Dragon Cancer is helping evolve & mature the industry."
,Recommended,419460,21984186,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,teajay,A lovely game.
,Recommended,419460,27558329,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Berserker,"An all around excellent experience, very unique as far as ""games"" go though this one is certainly more like an interactive story that you participate in/experience instead of a standard game where you are affecting the story and trudging along."
,Recommended,419460,27494020,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Straive,"Solid gut punch, thankfully it was short..."
,Recommended,419460,27505576,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Archurro,"Not perfect, but there are some really incredible, emotional moments within the game. The second half drags a bit, but I think it's still worthy of a recommendation."
,Recommended,419460,27494850,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Mausie™,"This game is touching, I can't say how many times I've cried throughout this short master piece. I definitely recommend this game."
,Recommended,419460,27278112,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,BigMikeLives™,"The only game that made me cry like the little boy I am. Such a strong game and a wonderful story to tell. I havent been able to play it myself, but only watch a ful play through."
76561198015500132,Recommended,419460,27122971,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sellner,A game that takes your emotions on a roller coaster ride.2 Thumbs up for me.
,Recommended,419460,20568782,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,CoachMilky,Great emotional game.This game shows how quick life can be in a really great atmosphere.Best game I have played in the last few months.This is a piece of art and a huge hommage for a child gone to soon.Rest in Peace Joel. You'll never be forgotten
76561198113849523,Recommended,419460,27294636,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,kuberox,"Thank you, Joel <3"
,Recommended,419460,27050949,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Molesting Mist,"Really simple game/experience that's really just a man telling the story of his life being torn apart. If you've ever known someone who has had to battle cancer, this game kicks you right where it hurts, and brings up a lot of emotions. Real tear jerker."
76561198070609772,Recommended,419460,20609621,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Fury161,"This is Joel's swan song to the world, and it is beautiful."
,Recommended,419460,30606401,Posted: 18 March,all,ZULU MIDNIGHT,I can relate to this game in a way that i wish i couldn't. 10/10 would cry again.
76561197998388506,Recommended,419460,30594033,Posted: 18 March,all,マイク (Mike),"I've never cried at a video game before. But I definitely did with this. Some throughout the game, but the ending is where it took my heart. Though this really isn't a game. Its an amazing tell tale of a boy suffering from cancer. Its unbelievable what their family went through. It shares the life of Joel. It shows the hardships that his parents experienced. Best wishes for this game. I really hope some of this money goes for research. Much love for this game.  This was very powerful. I would definitely reccomend. Please play this and support the developer."
,Recommended,419460,20859182,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,AntagonistFury,"This game is a cathartic journey that takes you through the hearts and minds of a family battling a cancer that threatens to take one of them. I am no wordsmith so I will simply suggest you experience the game for yourself. That Dragon, Cancer offers a different emotional journey depending on your age and experiences. A parent will have a very different reaction than a young adult or a child.  The game manages to speak to you no matter where you are in life by simply presenting you with the family's story and allowing your own mind to fill in the gaps as to how you would respond as opposed to telling you how to feel.It is well worth the 2 hours.https://youtu.be/_ypmpCbEvQE"
,Recommended,419460,20861960,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Abi Normal,"I played this game in one sitting, all the way through. It took me over 3 hours and I went through every card and every message in a bottle. You should play this game for yourself, because it's worth it. It's worth the story, the emotion and the hope. The message of hope is what drives this game and all those who play it. Keep it with you, throughout your life."
,Recommended,419460,20841023,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,godyr666,"As a parent who has been through a similar situation with my child (although not the same outcome), this is a very heavy game. Some have mentioned that the controls are not as responsive in some of the sections as they could have been. This could have easily been part of the game design intended to immerse you in the situation and not quite knowing how to get out of it. When you have a child that has cancer, that is your life. Chaos, frustration, helplessness, sadness... this game covers them all."
,Recommended,419460,20788882,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Exes | LFT | pl4ym4k3r,I cried in front of my ex and she told me I was stupid for playing it. I had only played 20 minutes and I was bawling. Worth it
76561198128411704,Recommended,419460,20747396,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,tatsuroku,"That Dragon, Cancer was a good deviation from hardcore action packed games I currently play like Monster Hunter. I did have very little expectation on this title as a game, and my expectations were quite met. This is something you can barely call a game, rather, an interactive experience. It is a visual novel done in a different light.However, despite how wonderful the story may be, I cannot recommend this to everyone. The game has great roots on Christian faith (which I appreciate so much) but may not appeal to others. It is inspiring to see how a couple faces the ""tragedy"" armed with both science and faith, yet encounters a mix of hope and despair.I honestly don't think I can recommend this as a game. But as an emotional experience, yes, I do."
76561198058469100,Recommended,419460,20747066,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Sgt. Pepperoni,Have an 18 month old boy. For some reason wanted to subject myself to somebody else's pain for 2 hours.Glad I did. Really beatiful and heart wrenching.Going to hold my son tighter from now on.
76561198057095191,Recommended,419460,20735581,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,MrWhisky,"Was thinking about this game for awhile and whether or not to purchase it. But then one day i heard about one of my friends parents getting breast cancer and decided to buy this. It really changed me on my perspective on death and lossing what you love. This was a beautiful story not ""game"". My eyes started sweating alot."
76561198070710052,Recommended,419460,20719391,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Woody,"I have never played a game like this, but ow it is its not even a game like some people said its a narrative experience. I definetly give this game a thumbs up. I really like and love this game a lot and i would love to say to the people that amde this game god bless you. This game has changed me so much because i had cancer and i dont really no how i survived and made it this far. So i thank you for making this game. :)"
,Recommended,419460,20757626,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,KingofKingz958,"That Dragon, Cancer ReviewI knew from my first moment laying eyes on the trailer for this game that I would have to approach this game differently. I knew I would need to approach slowly and methodically, understanding what this game really was. That Dragon Cancer is a memoir to the passing of a real life child named Joel Green who was afflicted with cancer. He died at 5 years old, too young and too short a life by any imaginable standard. His parents Ryan and Amy Green created this game as a tribute, a diary, and a message of who Joel was and as a reflection of what he had to endure at such a young age. While I knew what to expect from the game from the moment of its inception, I never truly knew how affecting it would be until the credits rolled. I truly have not played or experienced a work of art quite like this because it his almost wholly unique. This game lies on a plane beyond gruff action protagonists, high score chasing and the pursuit of dominance or “bad-assery” that the majority of the game industry covets and chases at all costs. It is personal at the highest level, a bittersweet invitation into the hardship and inevitability of a real life struggle that the Green family and numerous others around the world have and continue to face every single day. It’s an in-depth look at the role of faith and God in the lives of everyday people, and how it brings reflection and comfort in the most difficult of times. And while this remains a review of the game you’ll be receiving, it’s also a hesitant, judgment-free and meticulously gentle word to compliment the immense payoff you’ll receive from playing the game.Presentation:The game has a simplistic and geometric visual style grounded in abstract expression. Many of the textures and details are purposely omitted in favor of primary colors to express concepts and ideas. The visuals evoke many of the games deeply human concepts effortlessly, whether it be mentally in the minds of Ryan, Amy or Joel, or through the depiction of a story accompanied through dialogue and more. Even the digital forms on screen are simple in design but effective enough to know exactly what you are looking at. The music is non-intrusive, harmonious and decisively melancholic, allowing you to get lost in the flowing of emotion on-screen and within ourselves. Even the dialogue spoken by characters is distinctly soft, but poignant due to the subject matter. It’s clear the aesthetics were designed solely so you could get lost in the spirally roller coaster of Joel’s battle with cancer, from his initial diagnosis and all events proceeding it. The games presentation is so hard hitting and vividly affecting because it is all real. These are digital recreations of real events and the thoughts within the Green family’s minds. This is not a video game with a fictional premise or epic narrative. It’s a family surviving the most difficult moment life can bear: the inevitable and helpless loss of a child. Every narrative moment and dialogue delivery held my attention with utmost respect and complicity because I knew these events actually happened. Every moment felt like I had payed to get a personal glimpse into the most haunting and excruciating moment in the Green family’s life, which gave me pause every time the thought crossed my mind.Gameplay:The gameplay, outside of a few sections, continues the trend of non-intrusive interaction. Relying almost entirely of pointing on objects and directions to proceed for the next piece of narrative. The game will often let you interact with its world and writings, but almost always in limited fashion to advance the story. It is purposely minimal in scope and practice, which suits it because it’s difficult to imagine a single genre that could adequately encapsulate and push forward this tale by mere gameplay alone. The game has some diversity in various sections that work beautifully as game-driven storytelling. It has a driving section in the Green’s home where you briefly take a third person driving view within Joel’s wonderful imagination. There is a simple side-scrolling section with a few enemies and the head of a dragon which match a somber story being told to Joel with cancer as this powerful dragon that many of tried to conquer, to no avail. These are mostly solid, but there are times where it feels like the game was grasping at straws trying to find something interactive to do to fill its gameplay sections, even though I would have been fine simply existing in this space as a bystander and not sticking to normal game conventions in this case. Everything fits well in the context of Joel’s imagination though and these sequences often gave us a breath of air in a deeply reflective and contemplative experience, showing how at the darkest of times humans must sometimes retreat and engage our imaginations to escape a terrifying reality. That Dragon Cancer nails this feeling at almost every turn.Overall Value:Once again, I’m floored at how I feel I must construct this section of the review differently. Value is a very strange metric to measure, since its objective nature leaves it on a person-by-person basis. The game retails for $15 for about 2 hours of game, which is a price/length ratio that has been criticized heavily in the past. However, I believe the subject matter, personal nature of the family’s struggle and general unique atmosphere and drama of the title lends it weight that few other games have ever matched. The price feels like a mere inconvenience in all honesty, a simple step you engage in to gain access to the work and I paid without a second thought merely due to my desire to view their experience close up. You could easily do research on the Internet to find out Joel’s ultimate fate or watch a Let’s Play and save the money, however there is something about supporting the family and viewing it in my own way that was extremely important to me. Objectively though, the game admittedly offers minimal gameplay and interaction, with only a few sections to speak of on that front, with the rest offering a viewing experience or clicking on papers to read with voiceovers. Gamers who focus heavily on gameplay will likely not be satisfied with what’s on offer, however lovers of narrative driven experiences with gameplay as a simple tool to experience the world will love this title. This title will be poignant in the highest regard to players whose friends or own families have been affected by the wide reaching effects of cancer in real life and to those people, it will likely be a quicker decision.Verdict:That Dragon Cancer is a very special and personal game. No other video game I’ve ever played has ever given such a blunt and harrowing view into the lives of real people. Often times it feels like the player is opening the diary of the family and peering into the darkest recesses of their hopes and fears, all as they fight and eventually accept the ultimate fate of their child. While terribly sad, it also shows the incredible power of hope and how faith can give us strength in impossible circumstances. Engaging with that sense of inevitability and powerlessness is ultimately this game’s most superb yet surreal achievement. The visuals are simple but effective enough to serve the purpose the game is trying to fulfill. Gameplay purists may leave the title with buyer’s remorse, but that may likely be overridden with the other gifts the game can provide. This game will truly offer very different things to different audiences, something powerful that cannot be fully valued. For me, I also leave the experience with a sense of pride in the game industry I haven’t felt in years, learning the lengths that games continue to strive towards to provide artistic experiences. If art is meant to touch the soul of a person and make them reflect on their life, That Dragon Cancer may be one of the finest examples of art our medium has."
,Recommended,419460,30450229,Posted: 11 March,all,Adam,"A tragic journal of one family's experience with childhood cancer.  Poignant and heartbreaking, but highly recommended.  Hopefully a unique experience in that gives increased perspective on the value of your life and your loved ones."
,Recommended,419460,20695273,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Bewitched Kim-Chi,"As to why That Dragon, Cancer didn't get game of the year confuses me. Also make sure when you play this, make ure you have a few boxes of Kleenex 10/10"
,Recommended,419460,20689508,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,FarewellVHS,"That Dragon, Cancer will likely be cited in the future of interactive media, not for being amazing, but for being one of the first to tackle more mainstream issues that we see more in film and novels.This is an experimental game / experience that presents the emotions and journey of the Green family through their son Joel's battle with cancer. It has zero replayability except to show it to others and lasts 2-3 hours. A scene in the middle, dehydration, is one I never want to experience again. Joel is screaming and crying in pain for several minutes on end.I don't have kids, but I'd imagine this game to heartbreaking or near impossible to play for parents. People I've mentioned the project to have been blown away it's even being tackled as a ""game,"" whatever that means or might mean in the future, if we begin calling such experiences as some other name.The game is very approachable in terms of its controls. It plays like a Qaunatic Dream production like Heavy Rain or Beyond Two Souls, where your cursor's actions change based on context, but much less complex than those games. People have complained about clunky controls or not knowing ""what to do"" to complete each scene, but this is trying to convey feelings and is less of a game with levels. The game provides clear cues as to what is happening and I never got stuck. Some parts in the middle of the game present what is I'm assuming to be artwork and letters to and from other sick kids ot members of their families. So this isn't just Joel's story, but a collection for many families and future kids with cancer and other terminal illnesses.I can see people getting a bit angry at the comparison between the temple of man and the temple of God. The implication is that the Green family or perhaps mostly Ryan sort of scoffs at people deciding to use medicene to heal people, since in his world view this seems to be a kind of arrogance because God is who heals, not man with his weak collection of machines. But that is common among religious people to sort of dislike science and scientists, although of course that doesn't apply to everyone.I grew up in the Christian faith for 18 years and was confirmed, as were many people but I'm no longer religious. So I understand where they're coming from. Amy and Ryan conflict about how to handle grief and what to expect will happen to Joel and how God should answer their prayers. Obviously non religious people will see this as delusional. Replace God with Aliens and flying saucers and we can start a comparison. But people of faith will likely keep believing no matter what happens or what new evidence they see. It's very deep for them and there is a lot hanging on religious ideas, like keeping alive the place where deceased relatives live. The thought of friends and family possibly dying forever, as Ryan fears insignificance, is too terrifying for most to even acknowledge as a possibility, so heaven and all its implications of god such teachings MUST be true and fought for being proven true forever.This game is not jamming beliefs at anyone, it contains a family's experience of a terrible situation and I think everyone can relate to it. There are terribly sad moments, but also joyful ones. Near the end, a pheonix is presented on the floor of a grand cathedral, which I think is a unifying message. One that we all can rise up from bad events. It doesn't matter what we believe."
,Recommended,419460,20694614,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,JD Shadow,"This game (call it a ""walking simulator"", not a bad thing by any stretch) is amazing in what it is trying to do: to convey a story about a four year old boy, Joel, who lost his battle with cancer after it was found at an early age. The story is done in a typographic font way, with the voice acting carrying the narrative really well, conveying each emotion extremely well.And emotion you will have, because the game's story ends up getting more and more heart breaking the more you get into it. Later on in the game, you end up seeing the sheer pain of what Joel's parents had to go through (there is one particular scene later in the game that can be rather hard on the psyche to have to listen to, I won't say any more than that). The family seems to try to be strong and not let Joel's sickness get in the way of a livelyhood, but the narrative shows just how tough things were for the family, and how tightly knit things were when dealing with the realization of the inevitable. It's carried by a very riviting soundtrack (and yes, the game's recommendation of using headphones to listen IS one you should heed).This is not to say the game is perfect, though. Does have a few flaws. There are a few spots in which the game's controls seem somewhat off in a few scenes, and when you get to those sections, you will know what I'm talking about. It also, in a few sections, fails to give the player enough feedback of what they are supposed to do to advance the story. These are few and far between this 3 hour experience, but you'll know them immediately when you get to them.But don't let these small flaws hinder you from picking this one up. If you want a truly emotional, heart breaking experience that won't take you a ton of time to finish, then this will be your title. A word of warning: the game does lay on several religious aspects hard, so keep an open mind about those. But even if you aren't religious in the slightest, the emotion, immersion, and the symbolic scenes are more than enough to warrant a recommendation."
,Recommended,419460,20685532,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Zipplip,"Just finished this game and...I can only describe this game as one big feel coaster.I don't know how good of a year for Gaming 2016 will be. All I do know is that what ever the case may be, this is one of my favorite games of all time.If you are at all the slightest bit intrested in this game...get it ASAP."
,Recommended,419460,20711412,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,:),"Beautiful and tragic, reduced me to tears several times. Truly a masterpiece. Not all parts of the game had subtitles, which is a problem, and the gameplay itself was generally not particularly interesting, though not bad enough to be offputting, but you don't play a game like this for the gameplay. You play it for the emotion that it brings you, and by that standard it is a complete and utter success. Recommended in the strongest possible terms."
,Recommended,419460,21045844,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,jaythurm,beautiful game
,Recommended,419460,21371526,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,chMj.,I have not much to say just... Buy it..
,Recommended,419460,21297952,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Nyahm,"This was a beautiful and touching interactive story that is wonderfully poetic with its language and imagery. This game takes you on a journey where you actually feel what could only be a faint echo of what the parents themselves felt during their child's fight against cancer. I felt immense sadness and despair and had to stop several times to gather myself back together, thinking about the unfairness of death and of all who have been lost. I don't think I could play this again but would recommend it wholeheartedly."
,Recommended,419460,21290715,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,++,unique way to tell a story.
76561198045752399,Recommended,419460,21183675,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,"Krog, Almighty Toad",Beautiful game...absolutely beautiful.
,Recommended,419460,21171309,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,IgnoreTheName,"Great story they put into the game, very touching very emotional couldn't believe how much emotion went into it, had me in tears, if you don't want to cry don't play it, but you MUST play it, Heart goes out to the family."
76561198051544239,Recommended,419460,20887026,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,MsKP,"I would recommend this with some precautions.Had I known it was so heavily religious I would not have purchased it. The story however is very touching, and the game a very interesting style. I was incredibly invested until the entire focus shifted to coping with such a situation through devout Christian religion, and almost half of the play time I found myself alienated and annoyed because of my own beliefs, mainly a tremendous dislike for established religion.The ending however brought me back to realizing this was a human story, one we could ultimately all relate to, even if our experiences are vastly different. I thought of the developer, his family, and their bravery for sharing their struggles. Overall I feel a bit more well-rounded for having played, but with money so tight and not enjoying half the game I would have skipped this. If you have the money, can appreciate the viewpoint, and don't mind crying solidly for a few hours, this is a game for you!"
76561197993240195,Recommended,419460,20887923,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,madgatsu,"While the ""game"" in this is secondary to the overall message, this is an inspirational piece of art and a loving tribute from a father to his son. There are some beautiful and terrifying visions of what these parents went through as their child fought That Dragon, Cancer. It's very intimate of them to share their experience with the rest of us. Tragedy can often be redeemed by the unity it brings in it's aftermath, and projects such as this are a prime example of that.In terms of a ""game"" if that's what you're looking for, this is mostly a point and click affair, you basically read letters or watch scenes based on memories. It only lasts about 1.5-2 hours, but is emotionally wrenching. If you don't tear up at some point, you're probably playing this for the wrong reason."
,Recommended,419460,20885051,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Kimiko,"This is one of the most eye opening games I've ever played. It makes you appreciate everything that you have in life and makes you really appreciate your family. I lost my great grandma to cancer so this hit home for me, seeing all the cards in the game in memory of all the people who had cancer really hits you hard. The story and the graphics are beautiful and you can tell lots of work was put into it. I highly recommend this game to anyone, it teaches about life, faith, hope, and love."
,Recommended,419460,20885297,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Capt_Reynolds,"Not only was the design and music excellent, the story was as emotional as you'd expect. My heart goes out to Amy and Ryan, their sons and everyone else who's lives have been affected by disease like this. And thank you for this game, which helped me understand a little better what that must be like."
76561198000544247,Recommended,419460,20884376,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,ZedsDead,"Wakes upChecks facebookSees article about super sad game called ""that dragon cancer""Decides that I am a manly man and takes the challenge and tells myself ""I will not cry""Gets reduced to tears in a mere 3 hoursCannot stop cryingWife walks in sees me crying and says shes leaving me for a manlier manCircumstances make me cry moreLooks at facebookSees article for super sad game called tothe moon...Seriously though this game is a true gem. It is told in a very artistic and beautiful way,and as a father I am truly sorry for the developers loss and I meant absolutley no disrespect by trying to be a little funny at the beginning of this review. anyways everyone should buy this game. You will get alot of feels and its... well it really is quite amazing."
76561198146584415,Recommended,419460,20884783,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,BurnieMojo,"A game of hardship, struggle, doubt, faith, and love. This game tackles som hard issues. But overall, I have never really grown from a game. This game put somethings in front of me that I didn't think I needed to face at this moment in my life. But I really did need it. Many people are afraid to play this game because they are afraid of how much people have ""changed"" because of playing. Don't let those reviews or decisions turn you away. Experience it. See what you think. It's good to think. Good to see a Christ glorifying game. Doing it the right way. Looking forward to more games by these guys! If that is something in there future haha"
,Recommended,419460,20666548,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Darren,"After completing this sotry/game, I have never had mixed feelings so much In just playing a game,, I just don't know what to say, This game made me speachless.Story/Line 9/10Game Interation 7/10Grabs Attention to reader 9/10Quailty 6/10Overall I think 9/10 Would reccomend this game to anyoneR.I.P  JEG"
76561197988794423,Recommended,419460,20724314,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,goodpilotfish,"Whether you have personally experienced loss or not, the simplistic design and the authentic, almost evesdropping, dialogs will hit you in the stomach.In the end you will leave with an educational experience and perhaps even knowing yourself a tiny bit better,"
76561198038818186,Recommended,419460,20741023,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,NateDiggityDawg,"One of the most profound and impactful games I have ever played. This heartwrenching story spoke to me on so many levels. The gameplay might be simple, but the message is strong and full of life."
,Recommended,419460,20800264,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Stromboli,Beautiful game. Thank you for sharing.
,Recommended,419460,20800597,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Tony The Booze,"This game is truly great i did'ent know it was real i thought it was all of story but when i completed the game i saw in memory of joel green and i started crying my heart out that he was only in this world for 4 years suffering for 4 years and did'ent have that much time on earth i really wish i could meet him and cheer him up and by far this is the best game i've ever played to hear joel giggle in the game was really cute i defiently will not forget this game, i totally recomend this game it will touch your heart and show your true self its ok to cry its ok to feel emotions when somebody says don't cry or stop showing your emotions don't listen cry your heart out till your done show what you really feel i got very like i said this game is truly great “We cannot direct the wind but we can adjust the sails.”"
,Recommended,419460,21246158,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Slow Turtle,"Hauntingly beautiful. A wonderful tribute of a family's journey through their child's cancer. Having lost many friends and loved ones to cancer, and also having seen the healing power of hope, this was an amazing experience. I hope that it provides the Green family and others some solace..."
,Recommended,419460,21193697,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,smallchinagirl,"I just finished playing through this game and it was really worth the $14.99 I spent. While it did make me emotional throughout the game I'm glad it's a tribute to Joel who lost his battle as well as others. While I can't speak from experience with cancer affecting myself or any of my family (as far as I know), I still lost my dad to another disease.If you easily get emotional I'm not sure if this game is for you but if you can handle the emotional change within the game and your own feelings I recommend it."
76561198170462277,Recommended,419460,21169492,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,bjorns!de,"Beautiful, haunting, healing, and holy.  Thank you for sharing such a passionate and human experience."
76561198049691822,Recommended,419460,21869725,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,KingPotato,Thank you for making this game. As a cancer survivor myself I was extremly moved by the sheer love and care that lead to this games creation. I strongly urge anyone who hasn't played this to do so straight away. A game has never moved me to tears before but this beautiful story left me an emotional wreck. Thank you for the experience. Highly recommend 10/10
,Recommended,419460,21875563,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Hank,Great game with beautiful storytelling. Has strong religious themes and might alienate unsuspecting players.
,Recommended,419460,20613381,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,megamind,Very intense game
,Recommended,419460,20608377,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,devopat,"i have never had such a simple game , done so well that it hit me hard. had very deep topics and had me sitting her trying not to tear up through out the thing wondering what i would do if one of my own got cancer. this seems more like an experience then a game but the way you can control it progression of the story makes you feel like your right in the middle of it. highly recommended , just be weary if you are sympathetic, RIP little man"
76561198046486521,Recommended,419460,20609361,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,JacketsNest101,"Oh my god!! Wow! What a game, hell I'm not even sure it should be called a ""game"". This is art and over the three hours that I spent with this, the love and care that has been into this experience is nothing short of amazing. Thank you to Numinous Games, the Green family, and to Steam and Ouya for making this happen. You have pushed into such uncharted waters, and gaming is all the better for it.My thoughts and prayers go out to everyone struggling with cancer or the loss of a loved one, especially that of a child. No one should ever have to go through that.As far as a rating, I don't want to attempt to rate this. Numerical are so inadequate in the face of this wonderful piece of software. Not to mention they feel innapropriate. The only thing I will say about the game itself is that there are a few things that could be a little jarring given their placement and I ran into one glitch where a lifepreserver only showed up when I looked at it (for all I know that was intentional). Do yourselves and play this, just make sure have a lot of tissues handy."
,Recommended,419460,20592736,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,DiceRollingProgram,"I don't know how to explain it. The game is an experience which has undoubtably changed me in profound ways, though I am not certain I fully yet understand why or how. Never before have I found myself so absorbed, enraptured, by a story; one which has touched a particular handful of lives, and whose similar nature has touches many, many more.I can't speak for the specifics, I can only speak for the aggregate of it all: Play it, and find it yourself."
,Recommended,419460,20620424,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,StreamBritish,"Thought provoking, fresh, emotional and brilliant. Don't treat it like a game, and don't buy this if you're expecting one. It's an invitation to share in one family and their journey through a terrible experience. You may find parallels to their experience in your life or not, so enter into this experience with an open heart and mind."
76561197963707641,Recommended,419460,20717463,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Autosear,"Having three boys myself this experience was very hard to take. I cant imagine what these parents went through. It really puts life into perspective and I will enjoy my time with my children just a little more because of this ""game."""
,Recommended,419460,20717794,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Mach,"A very profound and impactful narratological experience/experiment about the nature of loss and pain. I feel a deep sense of compassion for the Greens and the team behind this labour of love. It may be one of the deepest attempts at expression of the emotions we feel when we lose someone so close to us.Ryan's narration at the beginning of the game captured something I've often felt about my relation to the ones I love, and it opened up something inside of me that I've felt before, but never encountered in such a personal and moving way.The experience of the game is like being carried by the words and images that swirl around you. You float and observe things in an almost whispy, ghost-like way. It has a way of disconnecting you from your existence and life outside of the game.It's beautiful, tragic, towering, intimate, playful, distressing, but ultimately it's human. Potentially the most human 'game' I've ever experienced. It's a beautiful monument to a brave boy and his family.Bring tissues."
76561198307106251,Recommended,419460,24439786,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,jacobashmeag,"Ah Man, This game was for me and absolute tear jerker, full of sad moments and emotive scene's and expressions, fantastic poetry through out the whole game and not a single idea or thought of it went over my head, completely understandable and trully a grieveing heart for The greens, I hope this game has shown the expressions and Emotions that it did for you."
76561198058999548,Recommended,419460,24431652,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,daniel.teegarden,"Here is my Video Review for the game. Overall, it's such a moving experience.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kH0QfOdb_N4&list=PLHACe8qwE10WM4HkFjtnZTHYjq3AwUkGX&index=4"
,Recommended,419460,25193854,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,TheM1niOreo,"An incredible game. There is not much more to say than that. The amount of care put into the game is unbelievable and it really makes you think about people's lives around you. Even if you only play this game one its a amazing game to have and to say that you have played it because it makes you truly experience what it is like to go through something like that, I know how it feels. Once again, an incredible game."
76561198124180853,Recommended,419460,24707045,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,c z y,i cri everythime when i play the gam :(((
,Recommended,419460,25003919,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,kaikaips3,"Words cannot express how beautiful this game is. This walks the very ill-defined line between poetry and games, and is ann excellent example that games are art. You should know this game is not about how fun it's gameplay is, but rather how it's gameplay expresses what a family went through. This game is about hope, faith and above all, the fact that sometimes we have to accept the inevitable, even if we hope it won't be true. This game is about experiencing a very short life through poetry, imagery, visual art, recordings, everything that can be poured into your soul and your heart will be if you play this game. It is not about being the Green family and changing their outcome, it is about experiencing their struggle, and that is an expressiveness that can only be brought about in games. It is about loving Joel throughout the whole experience, even if you know you can't keep him. Yes, I recommend this game. I recommend this game to poets, gamers, artists, and anyone who holds hope close to their heart."
76561198202526240,Recommended,419460,24970196,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,MaroonAugust,"I bought this game a while ago.. but, for months, I couldn't dare to play.. because I knew what it would bring to me. I knew I would feel sad and might cry.. and it did when I finally clicked the play button today.I was always thinking games can be better than movies in engaging the emotions. Players have to think and move to get through the games. In some games, your moves are everything. You constantly move and do something. This is not that kind of game. You don't need to move much. You can get through it pretty quickly if you want to. But you don't play this game to see the ending. We all know the ending; the ending that nobody wanted. You play this to ""feel""; and the developers, the parents of Joel's, take you through their emotional turmoil. It's a rather tightly set story. There's one storyline and it seems like there's mostly one way to make progress. You cannot skip a part or scene. You have to go through it like the parents had to go through it. It is painful. However indirect, watching a little baby son dying in your arms is painful; and that makes this game great. After playhing this game, you remember at least three names: Ryan, Amy and Joel Green.The part where I felt the power of this medium called ""Game"" is when I was walking down the hallway in the hospital full of cards. I literally opened all the cards. Every single one of them. And I cried. They were the messages to their moms, dads, grandmas, grandpas, uncles and friends who had fought or are fitghting the dragon. While opening them one by one, I was so glad that I was playing this game and that I could open all of them. If it were a movie, they might open one or two of them to tell you what they are and the long shot of the hallway full of the cards would be it. I won't have a choice of acknowledging the messages someone sent to their loved ones.All in all, it is not an easy game - playing itself is easy, there's nothing much you need to do. But digesting it is what I mean. But I didn't even get distracted once playing this game for 2 hours. Mesmerizing."
,Recommended,419460,24835080,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Metal Ender,It really does barely qualify as a game but it does offer something of an experience. It won't be in my top ten of the year but it I can still recommend it.
76561198260693157,Recommended,419460,24393770,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,The Fat One,"This is an absolutely phenominal story, it's a short game finishable in a good hour and a half or so, and it was very heart wrenching throughout the game, and the storytelling, but the ending credits really caught me off guard, it's safe to say that I wept like a little girl playing this, if fact I'm still crying as I write this, I honestly never expected it to be what it was. R.I.P Joel, thank you to the developers of this game, the kickstarters and Joel's family for allowing us as a community to experience this, it really does open up your eyes and give you a new perspective on life..."
,Recommended,419460,30881323,Posted: 1 April,all,Super general,I love this game
76561197993891484,Recommended,419460,20617212,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Avastar,"OMG, You can not NOT cry after playing this game. Fantastic and so heartening. You will have missed an amazing opportunity for the insight this game will provide if you pass it up."
,Recommended,419460,20617264,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Robin,"Very Powerul & intimate game that really hits home. I would not recommend this game as a gamer but as a human being, great job! Money well spent 10/10"
,Recommended,419460,20618138,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Floppy Pancakes,"As someone who works with many children going through this same disease, i feel that this game gives people a chance to see and feel what people like myself go through on a more then daily basis. That Dragon, Cancer brings a very touching and beautiful story and shows it in a very creative way. I hope to see more games such as this one."
76561198062323366,Recommended,419460,20563872,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,daitchyboy,"Don't go into this game expecting it to be entertaining or 'fun'. If you want that, play the LEGO games or GTA or something like that. That isn't the point of this game. It's a tribute to a lost son and the times he had with his family, but told in a way no movie or book could. When you see or hear a story like this, you empathise and are sad about the pain. But this game makes you feel it. For example [IF YOU WANT TO EXPERIENCE THIS COMPLETELY AUTHENTICALLY, SKIP THE REST OF THIS PARAGRAPH]: in a scene where the doctors tell the family that the cancer is now inoperable, and that Joel -the son in question -is living on borrowed time, you have the option to rewind the scene and experience it from the persepective of each different person in the room. But it starts to rain. No matter how much you rewind, the rain will not stop. It gets worse, until the room is flooded. You find yourself in a rowboat, and Joel is in front. You row around the room, navigating the storm. You try to sail towards Ryan and Amy -Joel's parents -but everything fades to darkness. And soon, Joel and the boat disappear, and you are left floating in a flood, desperately searching for Joel, desperate for hope.All the pain, all the joy, all the hopelessness, and all the hopefulness. You don't see it. You feel it. There are moments in the game where you don't know what you have to do to progress, and it's frustrating, but that's the point. It's their frustration, conveyed in a way that we can understand -not in a distant, detached, intellectual way, but in a way that you feel it and know their pain deep within your soul. Some may find the Christian undertones off-putting, and one person seems to have criticised the use of religion as a 'crutch'. But faith was obviously a major part of their struggle, so of course they would include it; this was made from their worldview, not anyone else's. And is it really so bad that, in such a horrific struggle, they found hope and leaned on that hope?This may just be the most important video game ever made, not because it is innovative from a technological perspective, but because it uses the medium to let a grieving family to share their pain but also their hope. If you play this game from this perspective, I doubt you will come out of it the same person.And all the proceeds from the sales go to the hospices that helped the family with Joel, so your money won't be wasted regardless of how you feel about the game :)"
76561198123028362,Recommended,419460,20643030,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Tamsin,"I don't typically write reviews about games, but I saw this on the Store and I was drawn to it. As someone, whose mother, and grandfather died from Cancer, I was hesitant about purchasing a game that was making its money from such a taboo subject.However, the game developers have truly done the game justice. The beautifully innovated scenery, music, and characterisation of the family was breathtaking. I did read a view of the reviews whilst hte game was downloading, and saw the mention of religion. Now, I am personally, a self-proclaimed atheist, but the use of religion merely is a personal attribute that was a coping mechanism for this family. As it is based on the game creators/writers' family, I can understand why religion was used and why it was an important aspect of the game.I truly cried, and laughed (at times) and this game was an emotional rollercoaster. The subject of Cancer was handled well, and it does not appear to be a game made purely for the money-making aspect as many other members of the Steam community wish to point out. It truly is an inspiring and beautiful game.The only flaw I would give it, is that the control system was a little odd, and the price tag is a little high.4/5"
76561198108442343,Recommended,419460,20643279,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,SUPL,"This is not game. This is his life.Although this game is not the game using oculus console, this is Virtual Reality.This is not game, this is not an art work.This is their life, and they are sharing their life with us."
76561197970877828,Recommended,419460,20625892,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Bilb0k3t,"Absolutely stunning experience, gaming has never made me feel so close and personal to other human beings.Painful and beautiful, highly recommended."
76561198025044301,Recommended,419460,21469932,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,nickcmorris,"All games do one of two things. They either cast you as yourself, free to be who you are, to pursue your own goals, to define your own role. Or they cast you as someone else, and ask you to take on their personality, their goals, their role.If you expect the former, you'll be disappointed. This game is decidely about empathizing with someone else's situation, and trying to understand their struggle to deal with it.At points you will be frustrated, at points you will be bored, at points you will be angry, and at points you will be sad. At points you'll feel the whole thing is futile - or even that it's broken. At points you'll wish it was just over. And then you'll wish it wasn't. And judging by some of the negative reviews, at points you might even feel offended. But if you've ever been face-to-face with terminal illness, all of these emotions will be familiar, and this game does an excellent job of exposing you to each in a short period of time.If you're just looking for something that'll make you cry, read a sad book. This game is about a lot more."
76561198241852756,Recommended,419460,21612260,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,bigdisreallybig,This is a beautiful game that inspires the human soul.  I'd recommend this to just about anyone who wants to experience a very real story about a very real family and the strugles they had to experience and overcome.
,Recommended,419460,21637189,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,MR.FOX,"That Dragon, Cancer ~ This game is about the experiences a small family has to go through when they find their son has a brain tumour. This is a very emotional game showing the hardships and hurdles this family has to overcome. This game was based on a true story. Would definetley reccomend this game to anyone who enjoys new experiences."
,Recommended,419460,20554184,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,JackofAllBlades,"What a great way to memorialize their son's memory and share their real, religious, and difficult experience with grief. Thank you, thank you, thank you! I wish everyone could play this game."
76561198098786644,Recommended,419460,20554388,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,RaizinBalls,"Beautiful, touching, and sincere. It gives some genuine insight into one of the toughest situations a family can face. A relationship with the one and only God is the only thing that can carry you through situations like these. I deeply thank the parents and creators of this game for simply telling the truth."
,Recommended,419460,20554623,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,SentinelU,"Alright, I heard about this game while it was still being developed and Joel was still fighting his battle against cancer. This game has a couple frustrating things mentioned in some other reviews, but overall the story telling is worth the price in my mind. Here are some pros and cons [Spoilers].Pros:-The atmoshpere and lighting throughout most of the game really enhances the story telling-Most of the voice acting throughout the game is good quality, and holds with the above-This game made me actually feel genuine sorrow for Joel and his family, not many games do that anymore-The art in many levels is amazing for the polygonal style that was chosen (more in cons)-Towards the end when they give the bad news about Joels cancer, it talks about how the doctors and people who helped feel genuine sadness about not being able to help Joel, and gives you insight into what they thought-Pancake parties... need I say more?Cons:-The art in other sections of the game did feel like there could be more detail, but it did not impede the gameplay-The game sometimes made me do an option or two twice and played the same dialog before furthering the story, maybe just a bug, but was slightly imersion breaking-Towards the ending it gets REALLY religious on the parents part, which in a smaller dose would have been fine, since many people turn to religion in grief, but by the end I found myself wishing to just get through the references alreadyHonestly, through out the story, it holds true to what the story is about, a family trying their hardest to help their young son fight his battle with cancer. You will probably get the feels."
,Recommended,419460,20559020,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Erik Schunn,"Many movies can bring me to tears but I can count on one hand the games that have done the same.  This game is a beautiful piece of art in many ways.  If you are interested in games as art and have an open mind, I think you will appreciate this game."
76561198068097401,Recommended,419460,20557271,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,greenflynn,"Before I get into this properly, I need to say this game is over-priced. That Dragon, Cancer is a deeply emotional experience that I think everyone should experience, but it has no reply value. You cannot play this game again and expect the same emotional punch to the gut. It's a tight narrative that emerses you briefly in the world of a dying child and his grieving parents, and then you leave, and move on, and you never play it again.$15 for a one-time, 2 hour experience is simply unfair. While I recommend you play this game, you should buy it only on sale.Anyway, the game itself is good. The graphic style is very artist, with high-saturation colours and blurred out faces. It's the sort of look that only works if you like that aesthetic; I thought the game was beautiful, but others might find it lazy and ugly. The gameplay is mostly walking around clicking on objects to start cut scenes, but there are some puzzles. The puzzles are extremely simple and require no real thought; you click until something happens, and if you do get stuck like I did, click harder and angrier, until something finally happens. The controls aren't the best and can exacerbrate little frustrations with puzzles.The voice-acting is wonderful. The dialogue feels very authentic , which only adds to the pain of the situation. It jumps between conversations to poetic waxing, but I feel it does this skillfully. There's enough family dialogue to give the characters life, but not so much its boring, and enough poems to allow for introspection, but not so much it feels pretentious.This game is very religious. This is neither a good nor a bad thing; much like the artstyle, how someone reacts to this particular aspect depends on their own opinions. I'm not religious at all, and I'd be lying if I said I didn't find the talk of ""God's glory"" somewhat grating, but I understood why they looked towards their god for guidence. It didn't effect how emotional I got or how much the game hurt me.Overall, That Dragon, Cancer is an extremely emotional and upsetting game with wonky controls, no reply value, and a higher price then it needs. It's a one off experience that leaves you drained, in need of a hug or a nap. It'll make you cry, and curse how unfair life."
,Recommended,419460,20556161,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,hjgwynne,"If you or anybody you've ever known has been affected by cancer, you owe it to yourself to play this game. Deeply touching and very moving. A great use for the medium of video games."
76561198025348889,Recommended,419460,20558499,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Cikko,So many feels
76561197996742427,Recommended,419460,20610865,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,maxamillion1500,Heart wrenching. Emotional and real. Struck me to my core.
,Recommended,419460,21312667,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Atomiku,"Wow, talk about a gut punch.That Dragon, Cancer takes you on a journey no one should have to endure, that of finding out your child has cancer, watching your child battle the pain of both their disease and it's cure for years, and then being left behind when your child can fight no more. The emotion of it didn't even really hit me until the end credits, where players are shown a slide show with photographs of Joel (the child this story is about) and it all became real. These weren't just polygons rendered on a screen, this was a real family, with real suffering.The only downside to the experience for me, and this is most certainly a personal thing, was how heavy-handed the religious element was. I certainly have no problem with religion, although I don't practice any myself, but having every other monologue be about God's love, Jesus' strength, or readings from the Bible made this feel like less of a story about the tragedy of childhood cancer, and more like someone encouraging me to go back to church.Overall, I enjoyed the experience. I think it took advantage of the power behind the interactive narrative, allowing players to control the pacing of the experience, and also choosing to let them investigate many small items (like the cards in the hospitol, the one to TotalBiscuit was my favorite) or to let them pass to continue with the story."
,Recommended,419460,21291315,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Netbug,"This is going to be an odd review, because it's as much a tale of a personal journey as it is a writeup about a game.I've been lucky enough to follow along with That Dragon Cancer's development, chatting with the devs on a few occasions and getting to check out a few scenes in a demo. It disheartens me to see people who didn't like the game claiming it is an attempt to ""cash in"" on the grief of others due to it being a rather simple, breif venture, because I've seen firsthand just how emotionally engrossed the game's staff was in telling this story. If suffering is art, the very process of developing this game was an artform in and of itself.When it got a release date, I was left unsure how to promote it to others. Saying it was a ""game"" I was ""looking forward"" to ""playing"" felt wrong. Actually, when the game finally released, I purchased it and spent several days staring at it in my Steam library, procrastinating on actually playing it, because I knew I would be doing so much more than just ""playing a game."" Rather, I would be taking a very personal journey that would both look into the soul of a single human being and encompass the voices of the many, many people - myself included - who have lost a loved one to cancer.I got exactly what I expected.That Dragon, Cancerpulls no punches and tells the developer's story with no cencorship or remorse. It's an incredibly difficult game to play, as well as a very rewarding one.It's hard to say a ton about the gameplay itself, because everything is fairly simple and exists more to help convey the emotion of the story than be ""fun"" in and of itself. This game pushes the boundaries of the line between cinema and gaming and creates something very unique and very engrossing for its efforts.If you're expecting a ""fun game"" you ""look forward"" to playing, you won't find it here. If you're expecting to be invited into someone else's soul and watch the sympathy game genre evolve before your eyes through a brilliant mix of sincerity and development skill, you've come to the right place."
,Recommended,419460,20510176,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,JogadorUm,The goal was not to cry.I've failed.
76561198164711644,Recommended,419460,21891116,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,jack,"This game's world is incredibly captivating as it takes you to a place of fully surrendered empathy for the characters involved. Beautiful, exposing, well crafted. This game is a must buy."
,Recommended,419460,21885812,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,kaynav,"I won't review ""That Dragon, Cancer"" as a game, but more as an experience.There is no way to tell if ""That Dragon, Cancer"" is ""Good"" or ""Bad"". But I can do tell that this is a very personal way to tell a story, a story that based on a true family. Green family. Their thoughts, their dreams and their tragedy.An experience I will never forget, nor you if you choose to dive inside it. You will dive and you won't have any control on your way to the button. You will feel full, grateful and sad.""That Dragon, Cancer"" gave me an opportunity to respect what I have during an experience where you can get to see a glimpse of Green family during Joel's cancer fight.I don't think ""That Dragon, Cancer"" is suitable for everyone. I do recommend it if you feel a self control or if you confident that you can understand tough things. Because maybe what a 17-18 human being can understand, a 15 can't. And I am talking specifically about ""That Dragon, Cancer"". This experience is full of scenes that I can't even describe how well delivered they are.Also, there is a documentary movie about the creation of the game, while covering Greens family as well. It is a very recommended documentary as well. It's called ""Thank You For Playing"" by Malika Zouhali-Worrall and David Osit."
,Recommended,419460,21779989,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,PotatoIsLife,"Now I'm not one to leave reviews, in fact this is my first review. This game is just, you have to play it to understand, the art style is amazing and the reason it was made is both heartbreaking and very happy at the same time. I say happy because now we can all now Joel, at least a little piece of Joel. This game just lets you see the parents point of view and how sad it is for them. This game changes you, no doubt about it, but it changes you for the better. I don't know Joel and I know I never will but I now feel like from playing this game that I do know him and he is a hero, he is my hero. and I know Joel won't read this but amy and john may, listen, you have changed my life, for the better, and made me find a hero, that hero as you know is Joel, because he will be loved by those who know him and those who don't and this little guy will forever be my hero. Thank you for the hero you let me find and he will always be in my heart. We love you Joel, more than you can know."
,Recommended,419460,21881645,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Pink Ranger,I lost my mom to cancer when I was thirteen. This game was absolutely beautiful and it made me cry but in the end it made me really happy. Would recommend to anyone.
,Recommended,419460,21881880,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,jellowiggler,"1. This isn't a game per se.  It is a narative experience of the hardest thing a parent can ever have to do; out live a child.This is an interactive account of the suffering and joy of Joel and his family who held on by their finger tips to the love of God and faith that he would carry them through.I cried a few times in my viewing.  I'm very happy that I put my funds into this so that faith and love can be broadcast to a new audience, to a medium that is very lacking in these things.I hope one day to meet the little man and have some pancakes with him, and his family!Thanks for making this!  Witness!"
,Recommended,419460,21854652,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,cfbigmac1,"Since I signed up for Steam in 2009, I've never written a review until now. This game/story is amazing. I know some people don't like how the Green family focused on religion, but that is what they did and what they believe in. If you do get this game, prepare yourself for a serious feels trip."
76561197984581910,Recommended,419460,28542185,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Col_Sanders,"Incredibly intense, personal, and moving experience. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,419460,28174018,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,dmfreddie,This has been one of the best and most hard hitting and emotional games I've ever played to date. You get to feel a real strong emotional connection to the Green's experiences that have and will stay with you.
76561198200975998,Recommended,419460,28347126,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,cdh,"I can recommend this as a slow-paced, somber, impressionistic storytelling experience with only minimal ""gaming"" elements. If you're into that sort of thing.I commend the game for providing neither ""too little"" nor ""too much"" interactivity. I felt like I was getting into the parents' headspace, and I appreciated the ability to dwell or not dwell on certain things. (E.g. you can read as many or as few notecards about people with cancer as you'd like.) I did cry a little. The mini-platformer was cute in a way.A few reviewers have complained about the religious aspect. While I think this story perhaps could have been a little more powerful for me *personally* if it had been about people struggling with cancer without the belief in God, it is in fact about a family that *does* believe in God, and so it's basically imperative that the game touches on that and shows how the family deals with cancer in a religious context. What's more, you hardly have to be religious to empathize with the suffering and struggle that's going on.On the downside, I unfortunately got very frustrated in the church scene, where I couldn't figure out how to advance the narrative to the next scene, even after googling for how the scene was supposed to work. Maybe I was just being dumb somehow. In any case, I had to resort to manually skipping to the next scene.For the price, it's too bad the game doesn't also include the corresponding documentary, ""Thank You For Playing""."
,Recommended,419460,28295948,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,rcheetah,Made me cry like a little baby …
76561197995431468,Recommended,419460,28835452,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Klaimore,"An amazing story. Although it may be sad, there is always hope to keep moving forward."
,Recommended,419460,28820959,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,MoodCandy,"I purposely avoided playing this when it came out because I had recently lost my mother to cancer. It wasn't what I had been expecting and thats probably for the best. This had me in tears almost the whole time and left me feeling like I was going to vomit up my heart.The game  is beautiful, with very interesting scenes, art, and I guess you'd call them mini games. If you ever want to go for something thats more bystander and emotional, this is it. They did a fantasic job putting their story out there."
76561198345411594,Recommended,419460,28805818,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,novaedenkin,"This game is quite the emotional trip, it's games like this that prove even ""walking simulators"" can bring the experiences that no other meduim can dream of. It dosen't have much reaply ability, it's more for the experience."
,Recommended,419460,29046098,Posted: 5 January,all,Alessandro Mattos,"It`s a very touching story. Tears rolled during the game. If you want to know more about the family, I recommend watching the documentary ""Thank you for playing"", about the family and game creation process, or visit the game and family websites.The game certainly provides a unique experience compared to any other thing in SteamAbout the gameplay, I would not classify it as an adventure nor as a walking simulator, since there are no puzzles and you can`t freely walk around. The game is more like a visual novel.However, the interface did its job but could be improved. There are certain moments that you don`t know what you have to do, and some scenes that you need to wait a certain amount of time to progress, but you don`t know that and keep trying clicking on stuff that won`t work (this was specially true on scene 11 and the scene of the carrousel). Another problem is that the game doesn`t hint you on what objects you can interact. In scene 2 I went straight forward and just after watching the documentary I realized I could interact with the kid on the playground; on scene 11 I took time to realize that I needed to click on a specific object to advance. I wonder what else I missed.Another problem is that my monitor has an aspect ratio of 21:9 and the game won`t work on any monitor in this resolution. Checking the forums they said to set it to a 16:9 resolution, but I was not able to do that within the game; after more research I found a command line that I need to add on the Steam properties for this game."
76561198347604400,Recommended,419460,29089570,Posted: 7 January,all,THEALPHAWOLF20,I love it and i dont like it because its true so you should pick up this game
,Recommended,419460,28907096,Posted: 1 January,all,Ludomancer,"An intersting topic. I liked the storytelling, environment and experience of the game. But it would be much better experience if the control scheme and technical glithces would be fixed/improved."
,Recommended,419460,28927365,Posted: 1 January,all,Taco$,"An introspective and meloncholic ""walking simulator"", peppered with elements of avant garde.  This is a strong statement for video games as an expressive medium: the player has direct access to the emotions and thoughts and beliefs of the creaters♥♥♥♥♥narrators.Highly recommended for those looking for story-driven games."
76561198032417877,Recommended,419460,28933821,Posted: 2 January,all,robbobert,"It's hard for me to put this game into words. Mechanically, That Dragon, Cancer is clunky at times, but at the end of the day it's so deeply heartfelt and heart-wrenching that it just doesn't matter. Getting to know Joel, Ryan, and Amy over the 3+ hour duration of my playthrough, seeing the different ways that Amy and Ryan grappled with and ultimately came to terms with the devastating progression of their son's illness, and experiencing the love that all they had and have for each other, was one of the most touching, emotional experiences I've had with video games, and it's going to stick with me for a long time.You're doing yourself a disservice if you pass this one up. It's a game that needs to be experienced."
,Recommended,419460,28816259,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,LettuceReturns,"That Dragon, Cancer is one of the few games I can't bring myself to properly ""review"". Not only is it deeply personal and thought provoking, it's important. Coming to terms with the story being told and my hesitance to take part in it greatly helped with my fear of these real issues, and that's something I'm thankful for. I've yet to complete it, however, it's already an experience I strongly urge you to observe."
76561198038713585,Recommended,419460,29149396,Posted: 9 January,all,notso4eign,"This game is absolutely stunning.  What an amazing way to tell a story, or in this case share your story!  I was immediately drawn in and found myself both celebrating Joel's life and sharing in the families grief.  I don't know what else to say.  There are a few bugs that forced me to restart chapters but those couldn't out weigh what I just experienced."
,Recommended,419460,29131428,Posted: 8 January,all,Dilbert McFilbert,"I love this game. If you hate this game, then you honestly are a sociopath with no emotions. It is a games that moves you, and touches you on emotional and mental levels, and it is a definite tear-jerker."
,Recommended,419460,29265152,Posted: 14 January,all,Metallicock,"Oh jesus, this game ♥♥♥♥ing hits you at the end. I don't think I've ever even seen and movies that made me feel like this did, let alone a video game.I can't recommend this game enough"
76561198067687066,Recommended,419460,29561225,Posted: 29 January,all,clumsy_scientist,"A well-made and emotionally impactful game. Anyone who has never been put in such a situation will catch a glimpse of it through this game. Sometimes, it made me feel uncomfortable being shared such personal experiences. My heart breaks for the family, but it is also enlightening to see that such experiences are not only shared through books or movies. It is now making way to video games. The only minor con is that the story can get a bit draggy when it comes to the religious themes. But hey, it is their story.In any case, just buy it and support the game."
,Recommended,419460,29412771,Posted: 21 January,all,Everlasting Retard,I cried
,Recommended,419460,29464213,Posted: 24 January,all,عمر,The level with all the cards absolutely did a number on me.
,Recommended,419460,29681250,Posted: 3 February,all,Krow,To the Dev team: Thank you very much for all your hard work in both creating this 'experience' (which no doubt would have been difficult to do in the years following your tragedy) but also sharing with us all what you went through. Truly something.
,Recommended,419460,29664748,Posted: 3 February,all,NivekPsy,"Incredible game,. It dove into themes I've never seen touched in a videogame before. A huge thank you for the devs for making this game; I know it couldn't have been easy."
76561198102947951,Recommended,419460,29810135,Posted: 9 February,all,Wolfblade25,"I gotta tell you guys.... I had done mess up big time with this game. I have a 4 month old and I hadn't even gone through 10 minutes before i started crying before i realized that I was still in the introduction. This is one of those games that's super short, but going to take me about a month to finish. Absolutely fantastic creativity, art style, narration, and voice overs to bring the true vibrancy of such somber reality to smash into your heart. I HIGHLY recommend this to any parent."
76561198104480302,Recommended,419460,29815984,Posted: 9 February,all,Shaala,"I got curious about this game as it won a game award and many Youtubers were playing it and boy am i glad I did.From a purely gameplay stand point, don't expect much. It is, as it is tagged, a walking simulator.However, I disagree with some who may say that this would be better as a documentary. As someone whom I respect once said: ""There are experiences that you can only get through a video game."" Yes, the gameplay is minimal and perhaps not the greatest, but through this even minimal gameplay, you actually live in the familly. Rocking Joel, playing with him, surrounded by his screams of pain while walking around unsure of what to do. It makes the experience even more heart wrenching as, being in a game, you have an active role, you cannot stay passive. And yet, even with the power given to you as the player, there is nothing you can do. You live along side the parents' experience of being a powerful and yet powerless being.I personally believe that a game was the perfect way to tell this story as deeply and truly as it could be told and I am grateful to have had the honor to play it."
76561198034767175,Recommended,419460,29211121,Posted: 12 January,all,[RR] Herdkiller,"Winner for Impact at the Game Awards 2016, That Dragon, Cancer is a story of loss, grief, hope, faith and above all love. What an incredible way for the Greens to remember their time with their son in all of it's blazing glory. Whether in gentle moments in the park or hospital wards full of cards with messages to the dead, the game is beautifully realised with lovely, understated graphics and subtle interactions to live and relive at your own pace.I suggest taking as much time as you can in listening and watching Joel's life, looking at photos and pictures and reading the messages as you go. I cried from a few minutes into the game, to well beyond the ending. I hope you will too.I'd like to add my thanks to the 3,000 Kickstarter backers that helped fund this game."
,Recommended,419460,29621110,Posted: 31 January,all,Lord Nora,so touching! I feel sad for that kid.. he born to be in pain! :( <3
76561198291923215,Recommended,419460,29602170,Posted: 31 January,all,gameisart,Such a beautiful game. I liked the design and story of the game. There was even a line in the that inspired me so much.
,Recommended,419460,29512756,Posted: 26 January,all,void,"A beautiful story, feels a little broken up due to the large amount of religious ramblings.9/10 i cried during the credits"
,Recommended,419460,29513642,Posted: 26 January,all,Kawaii Desu-chan,"Words can't describe this. It's unparalleled by anything I've ever seen. It's just beautifully sad, and extremely well told.You must buy this now. This experience will change you.[b/]"
,Recommended,419460,29403071,Posted: 21 January,all,Aria Theo,"A powerful, thoughtful exploration of dealing with the unthinkable. This game takes its time telling its story, and you're not going to feel warm and fuzzy afterwards, but if you have the patience and fortitude, this is definitely a game worth experiencing."
,Recommended,419460,29837006,Posted: 10 February,all,NoLimitt,.
76561198052910475,Recommended,419460,29837322,Posted: 10 February,all,AzzazzinHugelance,10/10 beautiful game. Thank you so much for making this. This is a credit to the format and shows the power of video games as a medium. Highly recommend
,Recommended,419460,29897114,Posted: 13 February,all,EdenCrow,"That Dragon Cancer is an extremely personal and, at times, deeply moving videogame. I really do applaud the bravery of the Green family, who have chosen to share such an intimate and tragic part of their lives. They, and the rest of the Numinous Games team, have created a game with such overwhelming emotional moments that forces even the biggest of cynics to feel something at their very core. This, quite frankly, is an incredible achievement for any piece of art.Unfortunately, there are times were this connection is ripped from the player due to frustrating control issues and design choices that just feel ‘off’. The prime examples of this are the kart racing and church scenes, which simply break the intense immersion that is otherwise prevalent and make the experience feel unpolished. Thankfully the frank sincerity with which the Green’s tell their story is so touching that these minority of disconnecting points do not become a burden.Players’ reactions to That Dragon Cancer may vary depending on their opinions and outlook on life. For instance, I struggled to feel as empathetic as I could have done at points due to the discussion of the family’s religious beliefs. This isn’t a slight against the game, it is simply a part of their story and just one of several elements of it that are ripe for post-play conversation. Couple this push for discourse with the emotional impact provided, and you get an experience that players will be thinking about long after the credits roll."
76561198140076090,Recommended,419460,30136882,Posted: 24 February,all,Twinkle Town,"Only game that has made me cry... So emotional, you will get all the feels playing this walking simulator."
,Recommended,419460,30179555,Posted: 25 February,all,Gorib Chele,"Well you can't really review these kinds of games as it is less of a game and more of an experience, but even in such a small playtime it moved me more then anything I have ever experienced. It perfectly depicts the horrors of cancer and the hopelessness people feel when their loved ones are afflicted by it. I just learned a lot about life playing this game. It is something everyone should experience."
,Recommended,419460,31191464,Posted: 16 April,all,Dup (الكودين يقتل),"This is the most beautiful piece of art of a game I have ever seen. Being a person who has had to deal with cancer in the family, i get some of these pains. This game hits you in the feels, but I recommend it."
76561198285766650,Recommended,419460,34473345,Posted: 24 August,all,Maconijnr,"1stly this is not a game, so what is it you ask?.  Well i got to say this is one of the most beautiful, tragic and endearing stories that i have ever had the privilege of hearing, so prepare yourself for an emotional rollercoaster from start to finish as you smile with joel as you push him on a swing laugh with him when he's playing on the slide cry with him as he undergoes his treatment feeling every single moment like no feeling you have ever felt before. I dont know how long i sat at the picnic having pancakes with Joel i just didn't want to walk away. The raw emotion of his story will stay with you for the rest of your life.After finishing this the 1st thing i did was go to my 4yr old sons bedroom and as i stood there in his doorway watching him happily playing with his legos the tears where back once again, for about 10 minutes i stood there before he spotted me watching him, he looked at me with his bright eyes void of any sadness and said whats the matter daddy, why you cry? have you got an ouchy?, i instantly smiled a teary smile at him, yes i said i have an ouchy his eyes dimmed a little, me help you i got batman plasters he says i couldn't help but give another smile and a little laugh as i sat down on his bed and told him that my ouchy was inside that my heart was hurting and that a plaster wouldn't fix it, Oh he said his eyes now starting to sadden and he sat there for a moment you could see the cogs turning in his mind then he suddenly got up from where he sat on the floor came running over to me threw his arms around my neck with the words there you go daddy cuddles will make you all better omg i broke again more tears, please don't cry daddy he said i looked at him in my arms and said these are good tears now not ouchy ones he looked so confused at my words, there happy tears i said i'm happy because i have one of the sweetest little boys i know, he lifted his head from my chest and said very brashly i'm not sweet i'm Dylan!! instantly my heart lifted as i burst out laughing yes you are i said you are Dylan.That special little moment i got to share with my son just like Joel will never be forgotton, his story made that moment happen it made me take time away from my own things to just step back and appreciate what a fantastic little boy i have.Thank you Amy and Ryan for sharing Joel's story but most of all thank you Joel for giving me such a special moment with my own son. May the angels always watch over you my little friend."
,Recommended,419460,34496883,Posted: 25 August,all,Mickalick,"Though there isn't a lot of ""game"", playing through That Dragon, Cancer was one of the most moving and emotional journeys I've ever experienced.  Thank you for making this game."
,Recommended,419460,34530031,Posted: 27 August,all,Gargaj,"Aside from a few poorly conceived interaction decisions (which i suppose is par for the course in this genre), it's probably the closest one can get to portray something like this."
,Recommended,419460,34898693,Posted: 12 September,all,Kinjo,"Very emotional story. There isn't much gameplay, but I was interested enough in the story to keep playing. About halfway through it takes a very religious turn, which could put some people off, but it's their story so I get it completely. Overall the game is not without its flaws but I'd recommend playing it just because there aren't currently any other games like it."
