user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197969951436,Recommended,420440,21453797,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Rescue Toaster,"First off, I'll say that this is a mobile game ported to PC and 2 hours I'm really enjoying it. Anyone who's played Silent Hunter will recognize parts of the interface. I believe they used the SH3 engine for this, or they really loved it's interface.Going through the tutorials I've been taught how to maneuver and fire on mostly harmless AI merchant's with a destroyer, battleship, a carrier (it's aircraft) and a submarine. All which play a bit differently.The game is turn based and has phases. You have a movement phase and then an action phase. Movement is self explanatory, but action is where you'll fire your guns, torpedoes or ready / launch aircraft (you can only do one action per turn). So, you move then act, then the enemy moves then acts.It has an interesting firing system. You target an enemy (with a somewhat clunky targetting system) which gives you an estimate on it's range and the elevation you should set your guns to. Your first volley will more than likely miss,  but the game gives you tools to estimate how to modify the elevation of your guns to get a hit with the next volley. Your aim increasingly gets better the more volleys you fire in a row on the same target. I'll also add that the guns are not totally accurate so even if you have the perfect elevation, your shots might not always hit. There are also options for duds, wind to effect your shotsThe game has a fairly detailed damage model as well. You can hit and destroy certain parts of the ships, knock out their guns, rudder, AA, Radar, etc. It's rather surprising to see so much detail in this. Some times a ship can shrug off dozens of rounds and others can go down with a single, critical hit. Plunging fire seems highly destructive, my first heavy cruiser I bought was destroyed with the plunging fire from an enemy destroyer in the opening volley.. I had to take a break after that.Ships have certain armor values for different parts of their ships. Battleships will have thick belt, turret and deck armor while destroyers and torpedo boats have virtually nothing (making them highly vulnerable to HE ammo). The first heavy cruiser I bought in the Allied campaign was destroyed in the first opening volley by an enemy destroyer.. so,Destroyers and submarines and yes cruisers have torpedoes which you'll decide where each torpedo travels in a spread. You could decide to have them all in one spot, or have a wide spread guaranteeing a hit on the target. In most cases they require time to target which varies depending on the ship / what torpedoes it's firing. Usually it takes 1 full turn to land CLOSE shots (within 2500 meters or so, I'm not entirely certain yet) which gives the enemy a turn to try and maneuver away from them. They also have a 1,000 meter arming distance, so you can't hug enemy ships for easy torpedoes.In the campaign mode, you're given 6000 Prestige at first to purchase your starting fleet, so this is sort of like Victory at Sea. I decided to go with the Kriegsmarine, so my first vessel purchased was a Type 1934A Class Destroyer. So far it looks like there are 19 different ship types for the Kriegsmarine.From the PDF Manual:""Campaign:In Campaign mode, you'll take on the role of the Admiral of a Task Force. Your goal will be to sink enemy shipping and use the Renown earned to buy ships and build up your fleet. However your resources are limited. There are over 2 million Renown points to be earned per campaign which makes building up your fleet fairly easy, but any ships lost will have to be re-purchased and battles become very difficult in the late stages. Thus it is possible to run out of Renown and fail a campaign. Campaigns are a series of 50 missions increasing in difficulty and are saved separately for each navy. Games are saved automatically at the end of each battle and whenever purchasing a new ship or releasing a ship from command.Goal:Sink enemy shipping to earn Renown points inorder to purchase more and better ships as well asreplace those lost in action.Rules:Maximum player fleet size is 10 ships.Maximum player ships in battle is 3.Player ships sunk are removed from fleet (may be re-purchased).Cannot own duplicates of the same ship.""There is a weather system and the missions seem to (at random) change between night and day which effects your vision range and accuracy which I find helps the replayability. Not every fight is in bright sunlight with perfect conditions. I'd recommend playing this with as much realism as possible as it seems a bit TOO easy at first.Like I mentioned, I believe this game uses the Silent Hunter 3 engine, so it has pretty dated graphics. It isn't ugly by any means (except maybe the sprites for crew on aircraft) but it isn't beautiful either. If you've played World of Warships it's slightly WORSE than that. The water actually looks pretty good though.So far with only having played the tutorials and a couple single missions I can say you can't go wrong with picking this up. If you're a fan of naval combat, turn based tactical games or a WW2 fan in general you should check this out!This has really got me wanting MORE games in the Atlantic..I'll be sure to update this as I continue playing through this and learn more.Thanks for reading!"
76561198010965036,Recommended,420440,21467056,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,streak_eagle,"This all started as a tablet game named Pacific Fleet. Atlantic Fleet on the tablet not only switched the ocean, but improved the mechanics, graphics, and gameplay of an already fun and good looking game. Now bring all that great stuff to the PC. I play on a 1080p 46"" LCD TV. It is beautiful to watch. The turn based gameplay style allows you to think about your tactics and relax rather than trying to race against the AI to get commands to all of your units in time. If the game has a flaw, it is its treatment of aircraft carriers. The whole point of carriers is to engage before you get close enough for battleships to make a difference. As this is more of a game than a simulation, its not really a problem as long as you don't mind having your aircraft carriers ripped up by battleships. Mix battleships and submarines, and you can win against just about anything. But you made need fast destroyers with sonar to hunt other submarines, and even then it is risky. I was a submarine sonar technician for 8 years. With patience, I can consistently win with submarines. If the setup is bad, disengage. If the setup is good, line up for torpedo shots and enjoy the graphics of Bismark or other ships sinking beneath the waves. As long as you don't expect aircraft carriers to dominate combat, this is pretty much a perfect game. For $10, I challenge you to find a more fun/challenging WW2 naval combat game that looks beautiful. I suggest playing wiht music enabled. It helps set the tone."
76561198291500898,Recommended,420440,22754520,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,stillbill19,"Takes a while for a 63 old kid to figure out but once u figure out the way it runs, good thing i'm a  navy vet. So the game is enjoyable 4-me. GO-NAVY.....Still Bill"
,Recommended,420440,32523397,Posted: 17 June,all,DeadPoolX,"Atlantic Fleet is a turn-based naval strategy game that takes place during World War II. Originally designed as a mobile game (the sequel to Pacific Fleet, a mobile-only title), AF has made the transition to PC remarkably well.PROS:+ Turn-based (which I imagine would be a positive if you're looking at purchasing a turn-based strategy title).+ Nice graphics. The ships could use a bit more AA, but you can easily fix that in your video card's control panel.+ Detailed ship models. Individual components can take damage and affect the ship's performance. Fire can also cause explosions which by themselves can practically destroy a vessel.+ Impressive physics. If you order your ship to stop, it doesn't suddenly halt, it takes time to stop (like a real ship would due to inertia) and your shots are affected by the wind (if this option is turned on; it's off by default). Even smoke, from fires or done purposefully to obscure ships, will blow differently depending on the wind, which could be used to your advantage or become a detriment.+ Lots of options available to tailor your experience.+ There's two different campaign modes and a single mission mode, the latter of which contains both historical missions and user-created missions.+ Hotseat (1 vs 1 on the same machine) is available in the single mission mode.+ A large selection of military and civilian ships of differing classes available, the majority being from the Royal Navy and the Kriegsmarine. There are also a few ships from the United States Navy, but AF focuses on naval battles between the British and Germans.NEUTRAL:+/- As an American who lives in Canada, I would've liked to have seen more ships from the United States Navy and at least a few ships from the Royal Canadian Navy as well. As noted above in the ""Pros"" section, I fully understand what the focus of this game was, but even so, it would've been nice to see.CONS:- Single missions have no land masses at all, it's entirely open ocean. That's fine sometimes, but the lack of land sometimes seems odd, especially when you can have aircraft fly in (from airbases on land) that seemingly come from nowhere.- You can't fire individual turrets independently of one another. You either fire ALL of them or NONE of them.- I can't find a single good reason (beyond role-playing purposes) to use a ship's secondary armament as these turrets have shorter range, less firepower, and are more easily damaged than the main turrets.- Lack of knowledge revolving around WWII-era naval combat can hinder you, such as not understanding the significance of a ship's ""belt"" or when to use AP vs HE ammunition.- It's sometimes too easy to locate and destroy submarines using destroyers or aircraft.- Torpedoes seem unusually easy to dodge (although this might be a byproduct of using a turn-based system).- How and when a ship explodes feels almost arbitrary when it comes to fires. Sometimes a fire can blaze for the entire battle (or go out) with little-to-no consequences, but at other times, a small fire could cause a huge explosion and sink the entire ship. I know there are real-life reasons for this, but without the capability to allocate repairs, it feels unfair that one moment the ship could look fine (no systems damaged) and then explode and sink.- No Steam CloudVERDICT: As a big fan of naval warfare and turn-based strategy titles, I love Atlantic Fleet. It's one of my favorite games on Steam.That said, if you're looking for a fast-paced game, Atlantic Fleet might not be your thing. AF requires you to plan and think your actions through, so reaction time is of very little importance. I think that's a good thing, but I know some people would feel otherwise, so it's important you know what you're getting into before you buy it (and then get stuck with a game you either don't want or are forced to do a refund).To sum it all up, yes, I absolutely recommend Atlantic Fleet, provided you're in the market for a turn-based strategy naval warfare game that takes place in WWII."
76561198018460505,Recommended,420440,21495540,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,AgrippaMaxentius,"This is the naval strategy game I have been waiting for! Whether you are trying to conquer a campaign, or just playing a fun single mission the physics, gameplay, explosions are absolutely wonderful. For fans of Silent Hunter, the old fashioned ability to watch a collosal ship crash to the bottom of the ocean is as always available :D. I highly recommend 10/10The amount of single missions alone is massive, with the campaigns 10$ is practically a steal.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g0LbY6be86s&feature=youtu.be"
,Recommended,420440,21548726,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,ƸӁƷ ♥Hot Lips♥ ƸӁƷ,"I played this game from start to finish, i was playing the british side so still got to play the german side.I found the graphics is fantastic and has great sound, it is something along the lines of Silent Hunter IV except Atlantic Fleet is a turn base game unlike Silent Hunter IV.The game has 50 campaign missions on each side (Total 100) it also has single missions and play true historic sea battle, this game comes with instructions and a training guide with training missions.I must say i was greatly impressed with the detail of the ships and color of the graphics and detail of the ocean, planes. ships.Sadly i did find the game does not last very long as you can complete this game in a short period.I hope a expansion (DLC) will be released to add more campaign missions and more ships and features.Also i found no save feature in the game as it has it's own save point after every mission completed but it would be nice to overide this and save yourself when you want too.In this game you have to complete missions to get renown and with the renown you can buy ships and improve your fleet consisting of 3 ships maximum sadly you get no renown back if you delete a ship i hope the developer will change this with a patch so you can sell your old ship back at a reduced amount of renown as if you do the same misions again you don't get any renown again i hope the developer will change this.Also it would be nice to purchase ship and weapon and ammo upgrades in the game but we can live in hope.So there is some downsides but this can be improved with patches and DLC.This is a new game so i did not expect the world at £6.99 GBP so it is cheap and well worth the money as i got a lot of enjoyment from it but there is still room for improvements such as recieving medals for outstanding completed missions which would include a carector profile and his/her rank.I believe the developers can go much further with this game if they wanted too.I am a lover of naval games so i had to buy this but i don't regret it.And i am surprised it is sold so cheaply but i won't look a gift horse in the mouth and if you buy this game you will think the same.The game is easy to play and understand and is suitable for any age."
76561198014157925,Not Recommended,420440,21927128,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Golias,"I would like to give a positive review to this game, but I cannot. I got really frustrated playing it and gave up. Here is why:1. The aim is done using an inclination angle. Yet, since ~1800 that people know how to convert an angle to a distance. I don't want to do that calculation on my own, and the game does not do this calculation for me (it recommends a crappy angle that anyone can do better after 1h of gameplay). Therefore, you have no way of mapping shoot inclnation to distance from target, which makes no sense.2. The ships start too damm close from each other in the beginning. A Battleship e.g. can start at torpedo range from a destroyer, and puff, no longer a battleship on turn 0. This makes no sense. In the dynamic camping, a Battleship can also start a battle with a destroyer, and sink it because the destroyer is not able to flee (destroyers are supposed to sail ~2x faster than a BShip... except in this game where 2 destroyers accept engaging a battleship)3. The bearing of previous shoots is not saved in the list of previous shoots (which is required for the lead when the wind affects shoots).4. The bearing of the previous shoot is not ""saved"" in the gun for the next turn. Conclusion: you need to actually write it somewhere (for every ship in your fleet) in case you want to keep a constant lead on the target.5. The map does not allow to measure distances (e.g. a compass?) I was actually using paper grid on the monitor to try to infer what was my previous distance from target, the new one, and see if other shoots were already made at this distance (because, from 1, you cannot convert distances to angles, you only have the previous shoots angles, nothing else). Nonsense.6. The torpedos are extremely overpowered. Here, u-boats eat destroyers for breakfast, and destroyers sink u-boats with torpedos, not deepcharges. I has never able to use deepcharges because u-boat sinks the destroyer while I move torwards them. Often, in the same turn the torpedo is shoot, the torpedo reaches the destroyer (torpedos are 100% accurate). Historically torpedos require a minimal distance to avoid exploding on the u-boat immediately after launched, and that is a reason destroyers approached u-boats as fast as possible.In summary, the developers made a huge effort to add very nice models of the ships, make the game pleasant to see, but neglected an important part of the game, the shooting. I got frustrated and uninstalled the game. :/"
76561198105749118,Recommended,420440,21470988,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,The Stonewall Brigade,"I've spent the better part of the evening trying out various scenarios and ships just to please my inner sailor and I have to say this game is a load of fun.I've spent way too long playing the battle of the Denmark Straight as the Germans (sent both Hood and Prince of Wales to the bottom, though at the cost of Prinz Eugen at least once). Been working on trying to figure out exactly where Hood's main magazine is to fully recreate that bit.I've sent HMS Barham to the bottom using a U-boat.Had a fictious duel between the Showboat (USS North Carolina) and the Kreigsmarine Scharnhoarst in which Scharnhoarst got left a flaming hulk that refused to sink. And many other duels and matches that my mind is working on.Now down to brass tacks:What it is good at:Naval gun fire: the game isn't going to hold your hand, you will need to figure out the angles you are firing at to have best effect.Visuals are very pleasing.Parts of the ships are capable of being disabled.Nice variety of ships ranging from Battleships down to destroyers and merchant ships.Cons:Aircraft are difficult to useTorpedos operate on their own turn, which can lead to some odd timings (particularly with torpedo bombers) and they don't have a huge range.All in all?Great if you really enjoy surface warfare and really want to channel your inner Kreigsmarine in the Bismarck and go to down while listening to old German military music. Or English, whichever."
76561197970852332,Recommended,420440,21512715,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Dieselhead,"This game is simply a masterpiece. It is amazing how good it is.Remember those times you tried to play Great Naval Battles again...and again?  Because Jutland and Distand Guns sucked balls (yes, they still try to sell those. Not to mention their customer service). You have all those fancy Jane's Fighting Ships of ww 2 books and whatnot plus tons of statistic about Royal Navy and Kriegsmarine, convoys and naval operations...but no game to pick your favourite cruisers and kick those sauerkrauts in the♥♥♥♥♥♥because they managed to sink your aircraft carrier with a sneaky U-boat. Ahoy! Playing this in hotseat is a blast. Few beers, stupid sailor hats and lots of yelling when you see your friend ducking when those monstrous 15 inch shells roar towards the bridge of his ship. Priceless. You have no friends? Try the dynamic campaing and you wish you didn't have to leave your house to see anyone.People who made Atlantic Fleet, where have you been all these years! Thank you. Where can I send more money?"
76561198007574292,Recommended,420440,21969185,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,SS,"This game is great, worth way more than the $10 asking price.1. Graphics are excellent.2. Gameplay is simple in a good way. You can follow your advisors advice and do OK (get realistic results), but once you work out how to estimate targeting yourself you can do even better (beat odds of 2 to 1). The tutorial explains it well.3. There are several options (single battles, campaign + battle for the alantic). Usually I am only interested in the base game, but in this case I found all options engrossing4. There are interesting decisions to make. Do I target his battleships, which are more dangerous, or do I divert my fire to his destroyers which are getting close and likely to lauch torpedoes at any moment ?This has been my best purchase in a long time, I can't recommend it enough."
76561198022701160,Recommended,420440,21513477,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,mar4uder,"Most enjoyable game. The graphics are superb. The sounds - for example of a hull breaking up, as it slowly disappears beneath the waves - add just the right atmosphere. The ships are superbly detailed.The game is not too complex to be overwhelming or frustrating - yet just challenging enough to hold your attention.Certainly a must for any naval war buff, who always felt that he could do better than Captain Langsdorff, at the River Plate.Now - if the developers could see themselves to bring out a World War One version..........I always wanted to emulate Hipper, and lead his I.Scouting Group to glory.........."
,Recommended,420440,21565403,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,XShadowY,"A take on the dynamic campaignFirst let me say that I really like the game, in particular for its ""gunnery and aiming system"". It`s a fresh and demanding change compared to ""Victory at Sea"" and ""Battle Fleet 2"". In this game, especially in comparison, experience will not make you too powerful, or the game too easy.Basically you constantly need to update the direction of your batteries and control the angle of the guns and you have different indicators to help you with that.However, the most reliable source of input is your own experience and the map on which you are able to track where your shots have landed during the past six turns, and how the fleets have moved since then. And after a while of playing you will get a better understanding of how much you need to adjust the range when your fleet is crossing the T, instead of steering head on towards the enemy and therefore drastically reducing the distance.You have the option to extend the starting distance of the opposing fleets and add a wind modifier to the battles, so the engagements can get quite demanding and sometimes you will need several salvos to score your first hit.So, you keep comparing your own assessment of the situation to the targeting computer`s calculations and making a better choice based on the map recordings than the value the computer is offering is really satisfying and can make the difference of landing the first hit, or watch some nice magazine explosions on your own ships.The main and only game mode for me to play (after the ""tutorial phase"" has been finished) is the dynamic campaign. I want to be suprised by the events and random engagements and build my own fleet which I try to protect throughout the campaign (in the dynamic campaign you have the option to build 30 ships, 10 ships maximum per fleet).The dynamic campaign in this game tries to be historical correct, so the engagements mainly happen around merchant shipping. The Axis forces try to sink a pre-defined value of supplies and the allied forces will do their best to stop them.Unfortunately, for me personally, this historic setting is a little bit too repetitive for my taste. I like clashes of big surface vessels, but, since they didn`t happen for real with Germany trying to avoid Her Majesty`s Royal Navy, you won`t find them during this dynamic campaign.Sure, there are battleships around and you will fight them, but as an escort or rather small fleet. To reach the objective in sinking or protecting the convoys you need to spread your forces and this means you need cheap ships and many of them. ...and this means submarines or destroyers.And this brings me back to my aforementioned point: Submarines and Destroyers are not my particular favourite class of ships....and during the dynamic campaign there`s a lot of Submarine vs. Destroyers. ...I mean... a lot. ... I mean ...a grindy lot.Probably historically correct, but for me not very thrilling. This also has something to do with the implementation of submarine warfare in this game, which is rather simplistic.If you create a wolfpack and an engagement is about to start your submarines will be automatically placed around the convoy. This means a few of them are already in a good spot for firing their payload, but others have no chance of keeping the pace of the surface vessels, at least not when they are submerged.Since the game takes the ""workload"" off of you to manually have to destroy each and every merchant ship after you have knocked out the escort (which is a huge plus), you actually focus your fighting on the enemy combatants. Should you be able to destroy them, you are able to stop the battle and all merchant ships will count as ""sunk"".So, there are 1-3 destroyers and (a little bit historically uncorrect I would say) instead of hunting the merchants, you start to hunt them. How do you hunt a destroyer moving in a torpedo-evading zig-zag line? You fan out your payload... and you do this with all of your subs. With a little bit of luck you will hit them badly, badly as in ""there won`t be any opposition left"" and you just ""collect"" the merchants...Should you not be as successful and one of them is even starting to bully you, no problem, you just dive away and are able to disengage from the battle. Hm...And as mentioned before, since you try to sink all merchant ships that have ever been built, these kind of engagements will happen a lot.As a destroyer captain you just have to move over a sonar contact marking and drop your depth charges close to it. Hm, also not so thrilling... at least for me.But, this is just my personal opinion, maybe the way submarine warfare is implemented in this game is exactly your thing...For me the game shines in its surface battles. When you encounter an enemy battleship and can say good-bye to the idea of ""I even won`t let them scratch the paint job of my battleship!!!""... Then it`s gloves off and a nail-biting shoot-out will commence.Things I noticed which give the game a little raw look and feel to it are an unintuitive interface with no tool-tips.Instead of dragging a wheel with pressed mouse button to reach an angle of ""16.3"" why not just let the player enter a value with the keyboard?When wanting to buy a new ship during the dynamic campaign you have to switch on the labelling of the map, which makes names and ports visible. Then click on a zone in front of a port to get to it. Then, in the harbour screen, you need to click on the ""purchase"" button...Why not just add a purchase button below the map on the main screen?Submarines have no heading indicator above the surface when they are diving. To check where your sub is going you need to move below sea level with the camera and look for yourself.All different ammo types are on the same button, which you have to click several times to get to the one you want... and at the end of the battle you will notice... ""Oh, I had 3 air strikes available?""You want to check how many torpedoes are available or have been reloaded? Click the ammo button. You realized that you have none available and want to continue to the next turn? Press the same button again until it shows ""Done""... Hm, a dedicated ""End Turn"" button would be smoother and more user friendly...It looks like that the sea has always the same swell, unfortunately there`s no difference in visual depiction of rough or calm sea.I`m also missing some sound effects, like UI/ button sounds or firing of depth charges and torpedoes...I think the game has a lot of potential and I really like it. It is not my intention, if my criticism sounds a little bit harsh. I merely wanted to explain that some things might feel a little bit rough for potential new or interested customers.The scenario might not be the perfect one for me (probably a Pacific game will match a little better for my taste), but`s that`s just my personal thing. The same is valid for this completely subjective ""review"".The production value of this game is great and the naval warfare experience is unique nowadays, the developer is very active in the forum and, if you are only a little bit interested in turn-based navy engagements I would suggest you give this game a try."
76561198050819203,Recommended,420440,23755718,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,tomkiernan49,"-Buys Game-Realises that you can play two player like a board game-convince GF to play the battle of Denmark Strait-sneakily ensure I play as the Bismark-battle goes well-Prinz Eugen takes a hit to her magasine-blows up in huge fireball-Bismark attempts to flee, gets shot to bits-Sinks the hood-Gets hit by GF-Prince of Wales completly unscathed-Prince of Wales blows me to bits-I cant shoot back because my bridge and radar have been turned to ash-Bismark sinks-10/10 would get thrashed again"
76561198041826342,Recommended,420440,21447697,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,KStarAbraxis,This is a great game with a perfect balance between fun game play and realism.  The dynamic campaing is a blast.   For $10 it is a great deal.  I have had this on my iPad for some time and have really been looking foward to the PC release.  Highly recomend!
,Recommended,420440,21466780,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Creldarix,"I played this a few hours this afternoon after buying it. For a $10 game I'm quite impressed. It reminds me of the old Fletcher Pratt naval rules. I enjoyed ranging in my shots, although I apparently suck at it. I enjoyed the underwater views of watching a ship sink.I hope this isn't a finished product, I'd like to see a lot more to it, but what I did see I liked very much."
76561198051311070,Recommended,420440,23291833,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,chuckmax1701,"ARMAHGOD! I just found out this was on steam. This game is my favorite moblie game of all time!So after playing the PC version, I have to say its strange seeing it blown up on a monitor. The PC version got a nice bump in graphical quaity, particularly the ocean. I do however think the smoke and fire effects look better on the moblie. The smoke particularly; it was much thicker and more convincing.   The controls felt a little akward considering I'm used to swiping, but they work well. If the UI was tweaked, and they got rid of some of the mobile hold overs (2d pilot graphic), this game would be a beast! As it is though, its still a blast and 10 bucks is worth supporting a good game company that doesn't crap out pay to progress junk. I'd love to see more from KillerFish.If you're into naval combat games, then you can NOT ignore this game. Both the moblie and the PC version!"
76561197993862065,Recommended,420440,30741027,Posted: 25 March,all,IceHippo,"Good turn-based naval simulation reminiscent of Avalon Hill's 'Bismarck'TL;DR -- If you are a WWII naval history buff, get this title. It's ten bucks and worth it despite some flaws.This is not an action/arcade game, but rather is a naval simulation wargame. You plot movement for your ships, then give fire orders (just like a tabletop game). This jars the realism feeling, but if you played games like Bismarck it should be familiar. You sight targets through a fire director, input the elevation and direction to fire a salvo. The biggest realism gripe I have is that you only get to choose one weapon system per ship to fire, and can't split your fires. What's the point of having secondary guns on a battleship if you can't train them on enemy destroyers? The only arcade-ish enement is if you call in an airstrike. Then you have to time the release of your weapons (dive bomber or torpedoes).The heart of the game is the plotting table and shot tracking. It shows your last several salvos and the movement of all ships. Depending on how your shots are falling, you make aiming corrections. (A notepad helps here) You need to correct for wind direction (if you choose that option in the game settings) and your relative speeds with the target. The flight of the shells and damage effects are quite realistic, as far as I can tell. Short range gives flat trajectories and belt armor hits, while long range gives plunging fire on the deck armor. The fire control computer on each ship gives you an estimated firing solution, which gets more accurate the longer you engage a target. But damage to your ship's systems (such as your radar for ships that have this) can make this wildly inaccurate, and you have to make a decision what to trust -- the instruments or your judgement? Since this is turn based, you can take as long as you like to plot your salvos. If you want to have fun, give yourself a short time limit to do all your orders for the turn (more of less depending on how many ships you have).A great mod for this would be to adapt the game for WWI and Jutland -- the mechanics are already there, would just need new ship classes. Speaking of which, never-completed ships like the HMS Lion and Kreigsmarine Hutten make an appearance and there is a DYI scenario builder. There's also a Battle of the Atlantic campaign, which I haven't tried yet."
,Recommended,420440,33575881,Posted: 15 July,all,Sgt. ScratchandSniff,"Atlantic Fleet is a fun little time sink, but I wouldn't exactly take it as a history lesson.The Good: The ships look good. It's fun to play.The Meh: The graphics aren't great; serviceable, but not outstanding.The Bad: The damage models aren't accurate, at all. The armor models are even less accurate. The ships all fire at the same rate. A battleship's 16-inch guns fire at the same rate as a destroyer's 4.5-inch guns.The Ugly: The UI is terrible.Bottom Line: If you're looking for a sim, keep looking. If you're looking to have fun, you've found it."
76561197997231605,Recommended,420440,23621482,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,TedTempest,"Great game!Turn based style of gameplay is perfect for a naval game. Trust me this is way more enjoyable than anything you see in World of Warships, never mind the inferior mobile style graphics. The gameplay is everythign and that's why I highly recommend it.What I would like to see in a new release:- ability to fire secondary weapons with primary weapons at the same time if this was possible historically (at shorter distances)- some variety in how ships look among classes (Bismark and Tirpitz were different in armament and camouflages, Repulse and Renown had different bows, etc).- Some kind of ""flagship"" unit points hit, morale of units, perhaps a bit more personalisation of your ships (change camouflages)- How about adding the Vaguard and Zeppelin?- How about doing a damage report when you are hit and when you score a hit (""A turret out of action"")- What about showing on the ship screen the amount of kills and tonnage sunk so that you can see which ship has the best record, etc - it is not a huge thing, but fun to have- A ""hangar"" of sorts showing your ships and displays above info (ships sunk, experience)- Much more explosion effects - for example ships should break in half, capsize, etc- I like the damage model but would be nice to see the ""roman candle"" effect on capital ships when their ammo is hit and it explodes (i.e. Hood-like damage simulated with obviously some rare chance of getting it)- Sounds when ships blow up - the creaking sounds could be multiplied and lots of freedom to create something awesome- more smoke from gun shots with more color, thickness etc on capital ships- if paper ships are added there are more options surely- this model can easily have more countries and more periods included: Axis should get some Italian battleships I think, which were very good looking ships (and to balance the presence of an American battleship perhaps)If above were included I would pay more for this game, it is that good. If graphics would be improved it would even be better.Would score it 9/10 (-1 for lack of variety in damage modes and sounds). The gameplay though is 10/10 especially when kept historic."
76561197972634582,Recommended,420440,21867882,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Harlequin,"Awesome turn based WW2 naval combat. The attention to detail the developers have put in is amazing with ships of both the allies and germany accurately modeled and a campaign mode that will keep you hooked for hours.If you like turn based combat or have any interst in WW2 naval combat I would highly recommend this gem.Don't let its origins on mobile fool you, this is more indepth and complex than many PC only titles."
76561197981159678,Recommended,420440,29100166,Posted: 7 January,all,Dr Strangelove,"Can't really go wrong with Atlantic Fleet considering it costs £7 - WW2 turn based naval combat featuring the Royal Navy and the Kreigsmarine; no frills, no fancy GFX but addictive and fairly satisfying when you sink the enemy! (Its nothing like World of Warships, you do not use the mouse to aim - but instead you interact with a very simple fire control system using range and elevation, you then spot the fall of your shells and adjust as required - until Kaboom!) Comes highly recommended to anyone who enjoys turning sailing things into sinking things!"
76561198002246149,Recommended,420440,21472797,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,ramjbjb,"For the World of Warships players who're looking for an offline fix of their favorite game -stay off. No, it's not world of warships, it's got much more to it than WoWS, a mostly arcade game, while this is strategy/simulation.For those who lke WWII styled immersive naval combat however, just go for it. Don't even think twice, for this price is a steal and I've never had this fun with a naval game since the old days of Great Naval Battles. It's different than GNB, mind you, as this game has features GNB didn't, and GNB had some features this one doesn't (damage control for instance).  Maybe TF1942 would be a better comparison of what this game is like, but lots more features (airstrike control, submarines, ASW, etc). But the naval combat part is very similar, as you control your guns and aiming. Just not in real time but turn based. And the turn system works pretty well too. It's not ""realistic"" per se as distances are clearly abstracted and I think ships are a tad too easy to sink, but still it's got the right feeling to it.Not that is perfect though. I'd like the choice to fire more than one battery per turn (there's no reason to shoot the secondaries on your big battleship if you can fire your main guns...as you can fire once per turn only secondaries almost matter for nothing in most cases), UI is pretty simple (but even being simple, it works pretty well), I'd like a bit more input in the damage control part, etc.But other than that, if you like GNB or TF1942 styled combat (that is, immersive, realistic feeling naval combat) seriously, this thing is fun as heck, and a total steal for the money.But again, if you think WoWS portrays naval combat in any kind of immersive fashion, forget about this title, and don't downvote it because it's not like your favorite arcade. This is no arcade, and there's no reason to downvote it just because it's not one."
76561198199769319,Recommended,420440,21734096,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,33lima,"Truly outstanding, a dream come true for anyone with an interest in re-fighting the many encounters on, above and below the waves, between the Royal Navy and the Kriegsmarine in World War 2. In terms of content, looks and gameplay, Atlantic Fleet stands tall amongst the best modern war simulations ever made - an instant classic, and at an amazing price for so much. Full review here:http://combatace.com/topic/88455-atlantic-fleet-the-combatace-review/"
76561197965546500,Recommended,420440,21449355,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Scarper,"Well now, what a lovely little game, reminds me of steel fleet, graphics are very acceptable and all in such a small download. Looks complex enough to keep the twiddlers happy. Very nice.One can never have enough naval games imo. o7"
76561198003208488,Not Recommended,420440,32731260,Posted: 24 June,all,redmarkus4,"I was enjoying what is almost the perfect game for me, but I've had a couple of battles freeze when either enemy merchants or one of my own ships freezes. These were big battles. Makes the full campaign unplayable since you can't exit without scuttling your entire feet - who thought that one up????A real shame because if it wasn't for that game killing bugs I'd give this 10/10"
76561197992206547,Recommended,420440,21476982,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,B00tsy,"Pretty decent ios port and a good game for a small price.  I have only done the introduction battles so far, but it's a good first impression.Update @ +15h gameplay:My good first impression of the game still stands. After more than 15 hours playing the game I am still enjoying it a lot. The campaigns are quite fun to play and it is fairly strategic and the single skirmish battles are fun to do as well (good for experimenting).  Just ten bucks for this game is a steal if you like turn based strategy in a naval setting.I would definitely like to see some small improvements to the controls (using the mouse can be tedius sometimes), but as for the gameplay and the amount of content it's well worth the price.The game at this moment of writing suffers from a game stopping bug that pops up sometimes (turn cycle can get stuck together with controls), but I am glad to see that the developer is aware of it and is trying to find the culprit so that he can fix it.This game needs a sequel made for the PC!"
76561198023193317,Not Recommended,420440,28164708,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,phil.northcott,"Doesn't feel real at all.   Ships have no momentum, can turn way too sharply, have ""hit points"" rather than taking realistic damage.   Subs don't need to be quiet, can use periscopes continuously at 12 knots, don't have limited batteries...   On my third try, my submarine took out three antisub corvettes without difficulty... mastering gunnery and torpedoes took 15 minutes, and there's nothing more to the game."
,Recommended,420440,21556919,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Betelgeuse,"Quite possibly the best mobile port ever produced. At just over 100 mb this small game has a lot of depth (pun not intended, but accurate). The turn-based gameplay works well. It feels like an updated version of Battleship as you move your ships around the map trying to locate enemy ships; on the action screen you have to find the right elevation for your guns so you can sink the enemy before they sink you. Some strategy involved, but it's also a game of chance. Highly recommended."
76561198192165841,Recommended,420440,26285684,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,HasegawaYamato,"This is the most interesting and fun naval battle game with lowest requirement on PC hardware! (´・ω・)ﾉAlthough some improvement is needed but I will give it a positive comment. (｡・`ω´･)~My advices on gameplay:1. Can we add a feature to any warship that have secondary armament, that makes them could fire both main guns and secondary guns in one single turn? Like while maintain main battery fire on enemy battleship, the secondary battery could fire against enemy destroyer that want to lunch a torpedo attack. That will makes the gameplay more intensive.2. Aircraft carriers should be spawn at a longer distance from enemy ships. Otherwise a lucky shot from enemy ship would knock out the aviation capability for several turns or even permanently! (#`Д´)ﾉ3. Fire mode may add a switch feature, that allow battery or torpedo tube switch fire modes between FULL SALVO (all guns fire at the same time) and SPLIT SALVO (less than the full number of guns from one turret fire at a time), or PARTIAL SALVO (less than the full number of turrets fire at a time), instead of current fire mode that one turret fire at a time. It's not a big deal but it will makes the battle scenes much COOLER! ヽ(✿ﾟ▽ﾟ)ノAnd the most important one!MULTIPLAYER !!! (<ゝω・)I know it's bit too hard to accomplish for a mobile phone based game, but I really thought it will be a great idea to think about. If we can fight together with our friend, I will not hesitate a second before I recommend this game to my friends!"
76561198023507159,Recommended,420440,21487809,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,the.grognard,"This is a very nice turn based naval game.  It reminds me a bit of Silent Hunter and even more of an old Avalon Hill boardgame called Bismark.  It's a nice mix.I wish it had even more detail and strategic scope, but this is a nice game."
,Recommended,420440,28400364,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,RadZap,"I'll make this short.This game  has a steepish learning curve that will have some players uninstalling very quickly (especially when the subs appear!). But it's damn rewarding to land a successful salvo on an enemy ship and sink her with a fiery boom. My favorite is using torpedo bombers on ships that have had their AAA destroyed. This game has tons of hours in it, and you can even play as the baddies if you want but then you don't get the pleasure of trying to sink the unsinkable Bismark.Buy this one on sale."
76561197986703709,Recommended,420440,27534715,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Neo da BIG,"Probably the most pleasant surprise of this year.Found this game by chance in a store, and immedeately became kinda curious, since warships are pretty much my fetishlvl 106 teitoku here, but didn't really expected much from it, so, despite the low price, I waited for sale and only then picked it up. And when I launched it, I was immideately sucked in, because this game is a real gem not only for those who likes boats. And here's why.What is this?This is a turn-based strategy, where you manually control a fleet of several warships, manually managing each ship's movement and weapons. Since the game got ""Atlantic"" in its title, you can play either with Royal Navy or Kriegsmarine ships. Both sides have a lot of historically accurate ships (with a couple of prototypes that weren't build or excessively used during the WWII) and slight advantages in certain areas (Britain has a lot of BB and can use CV, while Gemany completely dominates in terms of SS).GameplayAs you should expect from a TBS, you switch turns with your enemy, manually setting speed and angle of movement of each ship and (here's the main catch of this game) manually setting the angle and direction of guns. That's very different from standard ""% to hit"" and requires player to actually estimate the needed angle by the eye, judging by the previous shots and a couple of very inaccurate hints from the game. How hard is it? Well, around 0,3-0,5 degree usually determine if you hit or miss. And even if you have a perfect eye, the wind can come into play as well. Want to sink someone with torpedoes? It's easier, you need only to set the direction of each torpedo, keeping in mind the direction and speed of the enemy, however, any ship will try to dodge this, so the only real option is shooting in barrages. 4-8 torpedoes are pretty hard to dodge, but use all of them for one sure kill or save some for other ships? That's the question. Also you can gain access to land-based or carrier-based aviation. Again, bombs/torpedoes/rockets are aimed manually, by controlling one plane per turn. After setting the angle, you need to wait for a right moment to dive and then the right moment to attack, while there's a chance to be hit by AA guns. Sometimes this can be trickier than shelling, but the result of a well-aimed attack can be absolutely devastating.Needless to say, you need to learn to become good here. Skipping training is not an option at all, and even after that you will have to play a lot before you can hit your target in first couple of shots. However, I find this much more interesting than looking at random misses with 90% in CQClooking at XCOM hereand the feeling of landing a perfect shot from just the first estimation by your bare eye is priceless.Aside from training, there are several modes you can play.1) CampaignDoesn't really feel like one, but it's a great playground to test different ships and learn how to use them. There are 50 missions, completing them give you points, which are used to buy new ships. Ships gain levels (up to five stars), which gives them small passive buffs like AA defence. Late missions are pretty much a challenge, since require you to encounter pretty strong and non-standard fleets (like BB+SS), while you can't take more than 3 ships with you,2) War in the Atlantic (dynamic campaign)Guess this is the main mode. You gain access to the huge map, each turn you can move your fleets up to 10 ships from one area to another, main goal here is to sink a very huge amount of transport ships of your enemy. As time goes, some historic events occur, like occupation of France, giving Germany access to more naval shipyards. Also random air attacks happen from time to time, damaging ships not far from land and docks, increasing repair times. Not all ships are available from start, for example you can't build Bismarck and Tirpitz until the date at which they were operational in real life. Another nice touch - permadeath for any ship. Every destroyed ship (except SS or DD) is a huge loss and can have a huge impact. Personally I can remember how I lost Admiral Hipper to HMS Queen Elizabeth in a hour-long battle, and only thing that felt comforting was knowing that she's not coming back either after eating 20+ shells and several torpedoes.Bad thing about this though is that you need to sink every transport ship manually, unless they come without escort. It's fine at first, but after 10+ encounters it becomes boring as hell. Especially with submarines, since they have pretty limited amount of torpedoes, and only one weak gun. Also playing on map can be confusing at first, as tutorial doesn't really explain all the things, like where you should hunt the transports and stuff.3) Single missions.Some battle that took place during WWII, several ships that took part in it, with damage they had at the start of it. You can take each side and try to repeat or revert the outcome of a battle. Simple as that, but can be pretty challenging.Personally I completed dynamic campaign one time and almost finished campaign two times, which took me 60+ hours, so the amount of gameplay is pretty huge.GraphicsFor a game that originally came from mobile devices it looks pretty decent, since developers say they overhauled it a lot.  Water looks nice, and models, while having not-so-high resolution textures, make up for it by being nicely detailed and historically accurate. Fire and explosions? Yeah, probably not the best looking, but at least the explosions are huge and colorful. Overall - nicely looking game, but don't expect anything stunning here.SoundNot an expert on how the ship should sound, but the sound of main guns firing is pretty powerful, Explosions have a pretty satisfying bang and sounds of AA guns firing will haunt me in nightmares. So I guess the sounds are at the very least OK.Final verdictA must have for anyone interested in naval warfare, or enjoying TBS and looking for something original. For such a small price (around 8 times cheaper than AAA-title in my region), you get a very interesting game with a high skill cap and potential to suck you in for tons of hours. And if it's on sale (and it's on sale at the time when I wrote this) - don't even think about hesitating. You won't regret it."
76561198071627966,Not Recommended,420440,28238841,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,FourGreenFields,"Definitly not a simulator, but not entirely arcade either. Wouldn't call it a good game, but worth it if on discount.Pros:Decent capital-ship vs capital-ship gameplay.Not too difficult, easy to get into.Cons:Planes poorly modelled, and more of a minigameTorpedos poorly modelled (chance to fail merely RNG based, and does not depend on angle-of-impact; torpedos loaded within 2 turns)Submarines poorly modelled (can launch torpedos at a 90° angle without a problem; can disengage simply by diving, even with several destroyers having SONAR contact). Combined with the poor torpedos, this means that it's often a better idea to just sink a submarine with torps, than risk getting one-hit-killed by a torp, head on, 2 turns after he fired a full salvo of torps - which isn't even enough time to reach him for a depth-charge attack between reloads, unless already so close that the torp hits before it's your turn again...Ships can only use one kind of weaponary per turn - rendering medium artillery on battleships nearly useless, and also meaning that you cannot start an air strike without ceasing fire with one ship for a turn.Imperial measurement chaos, no way to switch to something sensible (metric, gravitational metric, etc.)."
76561197979346850,Not Recommended,420440,28597851,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,_/\/ Grimace /\/\_,"I've really enjoyed this game, but have stopped playing due to persistent crashing.  Typically I'll get to the last few rounds before completing an encounter before the crash occurs.  These battles can sometimes take an hour to complete and there is no facility to save mid-battle, making this game effectively unplayable.  It's really a shame, because it's an excellent sim in all other respects but I don't have the heart to replay yet another battle (I've done so six or seven times now).  Maybe I'll pick it up again if there is a patch and some kind of reassurance that the bug has been addressed.I'm on an up-to-date, modern PC.  i5, GTX1060, 16GB ram."
,Recommended,420440,22926495,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,TOG|BadBenny,"I always loved GNBNA and this brings back so many memories.This is a outstanding game for 10$, I just finished a 12hr stint and loving it. I tell you, it feels good to get my $$$ worth for a change and to think its a mobile port lolol.  The Devs could have a block buster game here if they where to expand on this game.Its the best 10$ I spent in a long time."
76561198009287861,Recommended,420440,25643438,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,NiXtaDaBz,"Excellent game, worth every cent spent. I didn't expect much out of it when i bought it, as it is far from all those AAA games sold at 50-60€.Time is flying when you are playing this game.PROS:- Historical accuracy: you will build and use ships that were actually used during the battle of the atlantic in WW2.- Ballistic realism: once you get used to the physics and mechanics of aiming, it produces realistic battles.- Beautiful, yet not resources consuming: i'm pretty sure this game will run on most, if not all PCs/laptops/tablets- Huge replayability: i haven't touched the ""campaign"" mode, and i'm currently playing my second ""Battle of the Atlantic"" mode (which is a campaign from septembrer 1939 through 1945, where both factions pursue different agendas, and is closer to what i would call a campaign than the former mode). Lots of options to customize your battles.CONS:- A few bugs here and there, random crashes during campaign battles (but no harm caused: the game auto saves progress between turns played, so you at most have to replay one turn of the campaign, yet it can be frustrating at times)- Can be a bit tricky to learn, you better be ready to get your geometry classes underhand (or even easier, use a real life rule to measure ballistic trajectories on your screen)- The game, being very low budget, lacks cinematics, briefings, and other things that bring immersion and / or context. If you are unfamiliar with WW2 history, and don't know what happened back then, the game won't provide you with background."
,Recommended,420440,23985565,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Vainolainen,"As a kid I played a ton of Great Naval Battles IV. SSI classic which depicted the Battle of The Atlantic. Now, many years later I decide to buy this little game and give it a go. And by Jebus it's good! I got lost in it for two hours and my wife got angry at me because dinner was getting cold. (Not as cold as the oily waters of the Atlantic mind you.) It's not too complicated and yet it's complicated enough to satisfy my realism needs. If you have a few bucks to spare and want to play a good war-at-sea-""simulator"" give this one a go!"
76561198075604657,Recommended,420440,21877077,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,71st_AH_G-Pepper,"All I can say is...""WOW!"" Plus it's well worth the price. In fact I would pay more!"
76561198046340664,Recommended,420440,22157019,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Owandy45,"Great WW2 naval warfare strategy game, nice ships models, nice interface, historically accurate and fun to play !"
76561198022277983,Recommended,420440,22100228,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Kingdom,"basic, cheap but good 8/10prosthe game play physics are good ie gunnery sinking physics, even the shell splashes look realistic, and other naval titles might learn something, 8/10game Graphics are ok 6.5-7/10no arcade style Health bar 10/10consno multiplayerno Italian vessels"
76561198019072812,Recommended,420440,32349855,Posted: 11 June,all,SGrose,"Quite a fun little game, lots of playability here.  Generally a good game to relax with, but it really is hindered by some unfair game designs and good ol' RNG ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.The game is pretty simple in practice.  Maneuver your fleet to get good positions, aim your guns and try to sink the other guys.  There are a really large amount of different ships, from the most gigantic battleships armed with 9 16 inch guns, to tiny 1 gun corvettes and submarines.  Damage is fairly realistic (as far as I can tell) with the ability to try to target specific areas on the ship.  My personal favorite strategy is to target the main guns of the enemy ship, and after a few good hits you can effectively cut down their ability to deal lots of damage.However the game isn't perfect, and there's 3 things that really irk me, and have caused a few rage quits.1. Spawns and initiative.  So when you do a mission, you have to spawn in, and one side gets to move first depending on if they're the attacker.  This means they generally have the initial advantage, because they get to maneuver and fire first.  Regarding spawns, sometimes one side can get royally boned just because they spawned in a terrible formation and area.  I've had missions where I've spawned in a cluster, with 2 enemy submarines on either side of me.  That basically lost me the mission before I could even fight back, because each sub launched 4 torpedoes in a spread and I couldn't maneuver away from one without hitting the other.2. RNG and fire directors.  Much like real warships, the guns are controlled by fire directors.  These basically get a range number from radar and spotters and whatnot, and then tell the gunners what elevation they need on the guns in order to hit the target.  Just like real life, in-game fire predictions get more and more accurate the more you fire at a target.  You should expect to miss long and miss short before actually hitting the target (if you follow the fire directors, more on that later) reliably.  However the fire directors seem to be completely broken.  I've had games where the fire director gives me first salvo accuracy, and I've had games where the fire director is directing me to miss by hundreds of yards after having been hitting salvos for several turns.  It seems the AI for this game is so inconsistant when it comes to aiming.  It gets so bad that I can't really feel like I can trust the fire directors, because for every one salvo I fire that hits perfectly, there are 3 that miss for no reason.This leads on to part 2 of the whole fire direction stuff.  The computer controlled opponents have a mixture of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t good fire directors, and terrible fire directors.  So earlier I mentioned that you can expect to miss several salvos before you hit any shots, but with AI opponents that's not true.  I usually can expect about half of the AI ships to hit their first salvo perfectly, and pretty much all of them to be hitting their second salvo.  This is really infuriating, because if the enemy battleship hits their first salvo against yours, you are pretty much screwed from the start.3. Mission balance.  Some of this could come down to ""difficulty curve"" or something like that, but some of the missions are incredibly unfair.  The main issue is the difference in numbers.  You can have a maximum (maximum) of 3 ships in your fleet.  Meanwhile the other side can have 5, 6, maybe more.  This means that you have a very finite amount of guns to hit the enemy with, and they can pretty much do whatever they want.  No matter how good your ships are, no matter how well you maneuver, you're still getting surrounded and outgunned, which coupled with the fire director issue, can lead to aggravationHowever, these 3 issues aside, it's a pretty fun game.  I especially like the historical missions, where you can alter historical outcomes"
76561198191788177,Recommended,420440,29298869,Posted: 16 January,all,Skyguy1944,"A very simple yet challenging turn-based strategy game. It's easy to use, but offers some interesting features regarding naval combat. If you're tired of having Battleship-sized shells overpen and do nothing in Wows, then this will set it straight. Simply deploy and have fun!"
76561197995990569,Recommended,420440,30599104,Posted: 18 March,all,speedy,"Atlantic Fleet;It is a good soild game, if you are looking for something on the cheaper side and you are in to this sort of things this would be a good buy.Now for the in depth part.Game playIf you are looking for a action naval game this is not it, while it is a simulation it is also turn based which makes it different, however it does model drop of shells to range. Speed for torps to hit etcHowever don't worry about this as it gets rough etas.. for the torps they are normally on the money ( unless your target slows/turns) main/secondary, yeah this requires a bit more work partically for the first salvo.You can play historical battles for example Outrunning the royal navy for the bismark, or you can play dynamic campains as either sideGraphics : They are okay for the most part, the ships are detailed enough but its not like Silent hunter.. While we are on this subject the game runs very well on my system. No crashes performace drops.. This is based on Ivy Brdige I5.Overall, as mentioned I do recommend this game, it is very satifying when you get a direct his with 15inch guns."
76561198024957587,Recommended,420440,29375767,Posted: 20 January,all,newbeltane,"This is a very good game (I have played several naval simulators over the years - remember Harpoon anyone?). However, there is room for improvement.1. Make it possible to change text size of information on screen as it can be hard to change. Changing font size, colour and fonts would greatly improve GUI.2. On overview, similarly the fonts and icons are too small and hard to read. Not sure if torpeadoe tracks show up either - if not that would be helpful.3. More info on your ship would helpful (on main screen during combat) such as your shells left and Torpedoes left). Thsi would save clicking on your ship to check and then clicking on ocean to return to battle view.4. Finally, ability to lcok onto a target so that if you click on enemy ship to check its speed etc you don't have to re-acquire target.Thanks"
76561198032261420,Recommended,420440,23792580,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,asck52,"I read the reviews before buying this and I am glad I did buy it. To be honest I found the game very engaging and the graphics very good. The comments about not being able to hit the ships or the submarines is solved if you play the tutorials, follow them exactly and learn. It is trial and error but that is what you want from a game. If it was too easy to start with then it would be boring. The range finder (splash), if used well will get you hitting targets. I played the tutorials for about an hour and redid them until is was proficient. I played a couple of the single scenarios and to my surprise I was able to cope vey well. I struggled using the aircraft in the tutorials but hit a submarine with a torpedo first time! At the price I would recommend giving it a go. It is very good"
76561198039798712,Not Recommended,420440,30367212,Posted: 6 March,all,Axe99,"Atlantic fleet is a funny beast.  It's good oodles of potential, but it doesn't make the 'recommend' for me for a few reasons:- no save during missions, which can go for quite some time (over an hour if there's a long pursuit of a smoking enemy).- A tad crash happy.  I had four crashes in 7.7 hours of play, which when you can't save mid-mission can mean a lot of repeated gameplay.- the game isn't sure whether it's trying to be a sim or an arcade game.  It's too slow to be an arcade game, and too mechanically arcade to be a sim.  It does a lot of sim stuff decently (relatively detailed damage model, great ballistics, wind affecting shots) but then you'll have lone destroyers raiding in the South Atlantic (theoretically possible, but Germany never had plans to do that for a reason!)  Destroyers always know where submarines are (even from well outside the range of the sonar of the time), and depth charges are far, faaaaarrrr too accurate.  This isn't bad if the game's taking an arcade approach, but.....- on the other hand, it's very slow paced and can get repetitive very fast, and the mechanics are a tad obtuse for an arcade game (although the game does have decent tutorials, and they only crashed on me once).I'd say it's a decent patch from being a solid game that's not quite sure of it's identity, and potentially fun. The mechanics are at their best with surface ship actions (a little odd, given the 'Battle of the Atlantic' title, the namesake being primarily a contest between escorts aircraft and merchants vs submarines and aircraft) and it can be enjoyable setting up a custom battle between a couple of battle lines together and slugging away for a bit."
76561198050208440,Recommended,420440,21860503,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,LowCountryCat,"Great game! Best way I have to describe it is X-Com meets Silent Hunter. The movement is turn-based, but the action takes skill and planning.  The controls are pretty simple and intuitive.  Graphics are Unity-engine good (akin to Silent Hunter 4).  No bugs or crashes that I have found."
76561198326264850,Recommended,420440,34584786,Posted: 29 August,all,Jin_Maq,"Submarines are a little too OP against destroyers, AI makes some poor choices (like bringing a Nelson BB to the battle with only 1 DD escort) Game lacks a sandbox battle mode or 2p hotseat mode, scenarios are very small battles, kinda wish they included some big fleet actions or fictional battles. But all around a decent game for the price, its fun and entertaining, id reccomend this to any Navy entusiast."
,Recommended,420440,31177124,Posted: 16 April,all,Luke Scott,its ok. but it is just a ported over mobile game. and trhats about it
76561198038466696,Recommended,420440,21467707,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Downright.,"Gave Atlantic Fleet a quick shakedown cruise and I'm quite impressed.First impression is how good it looks,the sea is beautifully done.The ships look splendid. Sounds are good, music fine, a bit clunky,or odd to get up and running but it's all explained and I'm underway and got the hang of it in less than an hour.It's very good fun and the only problems with the game I've caused by being a bit too impatient.Night can be a bit tricky and so is gunnery but then that's the same in real life as well..Indeed how it looks and plays plus the remarkably cheap price makes Alantic Fleet  a good one......."
76561198024611860,Recommended,420440,21453068,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Kratch,Really Cool game it is the best ww2 naval game i hav ever played but sometimes minor lag spikes can occur when holding down right mouse button and moving around the camera or sometimes randomly in battle it isnt very common but can be quite annoying if this was fixed it would be a perfect gameMy specsintel i5 2.2nvidia 940m8gb ram
76561198074117845,Recommended,420440,27810295,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Equinox,"Bought this game on a sale, looked interesting, and the fact that it was turn-based sounded like fresh take on these kind of games.I was very positively surprised by it, an easy game to learn, but not too simple to master. There´s both historically correct single missions and an interesting campaign mode where you can collect sunken tonnage and use it to buy the ships most suited to take on more difficult missions; all classes of ships are included and it takes the right decisions and some thought to spend your point wisely, otherwise you´ll be in trouble at later stages in the 50-mission campaign that comes with the game.For about 5 euros this game is a small gem. Try it out if you like WW2 games."
76561197986331836,Recommended,420440,21507575,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,CharlieChap,"I like the idea of WW2  naval games but I have almost always been disapointed in recent years, there isn't really anything out there currently that is half way realistic.This was reasonably priced but I didn't really expect much.What a huge suprise, this is a great game and despite my low expectations because of its mobile origins, is more accurate  than other recent games about WW2 naval combat that I have played  (eg WOS...Victory at...etc.).Its fairly simple to play  but is really well featured,  has a really good gunnery mechanic that feels quite authentic and puts the 'game' into the title.  Plus many other essentials , eg starshells at night, smoke screens , carriers and ground based aircraft.Submarines are significant as they should be in something about the battle of the Atlantic, the game also has destroyers with the various ASW systems to fight them,It reminds me of the early SSI type naval games that were intended as simulations. Its the only thing that has come close in a long time anyhow.Hopefully the developers do well enough to develp this further, with multiplayer and a scenario editor, this will be hands down the most authentic modern WW2 naval game current."
76561198069146814,Recommended,420440,31631834,Posted: 8 May,all,Juanovision,"This game is pretty fun.  The learning curve is simple and easy to grasp.  The only downside is limited replayability, the campaign is short and you can really only up the difficulty and play the same scenarios again.  Other than that the game is fun and a good few hours of entertainment."
76561198120819035,Recommended,420440,31794011,Posted: 16 May,all,Rct3LP,"Although it is an mobile port I personally really enjoy this game. It has fancy enough graphics which are totally okey in my opinion and the gameplay is fun plus you have a ton of ships to fight and in the local multiplayer it can be really thrilling blasting your friends to pieces or getting blasted :DI recommend this game totally I mean hey, it is only 10€ you can afford those :)"
76561198295148267,Recommended,420440,28990742,Posted: 3 January,all,zofi1,"I like WWII naval simulations, but many commercial market games are tedious or too simplistic for my taste. I orignaly purchased the game for my Android tablet and liked it so well that I bought it from Steam for my PC."
76561198067411023,Recommended,420440,24019014,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Knife'd,"Okay, first of all keep in mind that his game, at least in my opinion, is VERY hit-&-miss. I like it overall but I can easily see why people dislike it.Let's start with the menu and UI:The menu itself only has 1 thing that can throw you off is the fact there is a ""Campaign"" and a ""Atlantic Fleet"" button (as well as single battle). I will explain those later.The UI is rather... clunky imo. At the start off each turn you first move you ship while deciding the direction as well as the speed your ship(s) travel with and is good enough since you do it with keys. After that however you enter the combat phase where things can get a little irritating. This is caused by two simple factors: The first one is that you need to ""spin"" a wheel to decide the angle with which your ship fires. All well and good but 0.1° makes a huge difference and sometimes my game refused to go that certain number I wanted. Could be easily solved by just letting the player enter the number through the keyboard. The second factor is lack of information. There is wind but the game never tells you how strong it is, there is a feature that let's you see what angle your previous shot used and how far off you were but refuses to tell you  with angle the game gave you to work with. Can be a little annoying once you have 3 ships and need to dogde torpedos for example.Now let's take a look at the combat and the styles:Remember the 3 menu buttons from earlier? Campaign, Atlantic Fleet and Single Battle?The first is just a collection of fights against various british/american or german fleets (depends on which side you picked) of various strength. You start with almost nothing and can end with a flotilla of battleships and heavy cruisers though keep in mind that you can only use up to 3 ships at once while you can have up to 10. Of course the enemy can have up to 6.Atlantic fleet is played on a map. No tutorial no real explanation just you and the map and a ""small"" starting gleet all over the map. The map is divided by hexagons on which you can move. Haven't really played it and as such can't say much more. Don't even now how you win this.Single battles are just that. Individual, historical battles that have no effect on each other. Not that the campaign is much better... I sank some ships several times.But now to the important thing, the combat itself. It is suprisingly... realistic for a lack of a better word. What I mean with that is that the cannons have a random amount of spread, especially on long distances. Sometimes you overshot a little, turn down the angle and all of the sudden hit the ♥♥♥♥ing moon (sorry moon) as well as seemingly random amount of damage. Example: My armored cruiser was once sunk in a single salvo.... from a destroyer no previous damage while the same destroyer took several shells and ""exploded"" three times but was just fine and dandy.So can I recommend this game? Depends on what you want, this is NOT a TW for marine combat, it is NOT a game where you can sink hours upon hours. It is however a suprisingly good game considering it came form a mobile platform and is good enough to spend some time on it for a match or two. Just keep in mind that it can get a little frustrating if your ships decide that that they really like that paintshop on the enemy and don't want to scratch it."
76561198098741958,Recommended,420440,24134557,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,alvir28,"I bought this game because I saw it discounted on steam summer sale and what a decision that was. All I can say is, a superb game.Manual is written really densely and I didn't bother reading it, so I learned to play as I got along. Aicraft and aircraft carriers are the only two disappointments of the game, the first ones are really hard to control in the other one is just a huge waste of a perfectly good spot you could put a battleship. Sound, graphics turn-based style of the game are all excellent.And the greatest highlight of this game is the satisfaction you get when your torpedos sink three ships in the same turn :)."
76561198049242594,Recommended,420440,24135149,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,conceptviper,"Really enjoyable naval battle game,Great choice of historic ships both British,German and couple of American.For the price this game is  great value for money.If you dont want to play the historic battles also optional to play 1 or 2 player which lets you choose which ships you want to use.Everything from Bismark and  King George v down to a cargo ship and Uboats.Only thing for me thats missing is Japanese battleships and American carriers-Need another version Pacific Fleet)"
76561198207277260,Recommended,420440,32245404,Posted: 7 June,all,Ddog200411,"This game is amazing but one thing missing... Steam workshop support. With mods this game could become almost as good as HOI4. But the way your shot elevation is dependent on the fire director is outstanding. But the change between going from flank to full back is... realisticly poor. And also on the mission Sword Fish attack Bismarck, I played as the Bismarck and took 3 torpedoes but still managed to escape but i played as the British and one torpedo sunk the Bismarck, so torpedoes are quite unpridictable in the way of damage amounts. Also I feel as if there is a hidden health bar on all ships and the devs put so much realism into the game I personally think that ships need to be sunk via certain modules damaged.But all in all great game with room for improvement that I recommend to everyone interested in the battle of the Atlantic!"
76561197979952168,Recommended,420440,29283764,Posted: 15 January,all,^5Anal Passage,Outstanding gameplay just wish there was a lot more options on the firepower used ie a full broadside from a battleship and more choices of ships...
,Recommended,420440,32896076,Posted: 27 June,all,Flame2057,"This game is extremly well done, and very historically accurate.. 10/10"
76561198031461010,Not Recommended,420440,21506982,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,jdgentry1976,"Apparently no save game during engagements in Battle of the Atlantic mode.  This is a big deal for people with a life who find themselves needing to save progress during large engagements that can last an hour or more.  The firing mechanism is just too hard to be enjoyable regardless of what the manual says about splash history, etc.  There should be an auto target option for those less interested in firing every single shot at every single enemy ship.  This is not a stategy game as stated in the game description, it is a ship simulator game.  I want to be an admiral not a gunner (or at least have the option).  Other negatives:  repetitive engagements, overpowered submarine torepedoes, unrealistic depth charges, weak carriers and spacing issues during engagements (capital ships are pinned in by submarines frequently at the start of engagements).  I understand this is a mobile port, but t's just a little too barebones for my taste.  You get what you pay for at $10, but it is a grind."
76561198007956071,Recommended,420440,22314867,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Nike-Ajax,"Fun, exciting and just hard enough to keep it interesting  - this is a gem of a game. Especially as its ridiculously low priced.They have taken Steel Hunter 3 and tweaked it into everything that this game could conceivably have offered, and then some. Then gameplay once mastered is addictive and FUN. It doesnt matter where you come from gamewise - this game has something to offer.I really hope that they expand this, not because it doesnt work, but because Killerfish Games have got all the right ideas, but without the arrogance and indifference to players that sadly characterize many of the bigger Software houses: not least Ubisoft...This is not just a brilliant game, but its an entirely new approach to games: a small independent software house that are still in sync with its customers.This is not just an (involuntary) upturned Digitus Impudicus to Ubisoft, but to the entire group of too big Game producers and distributers. Killerfish games have proved that we are not forces to spend +50 Euros on a game, which de facto are often a Beta product.But dont buy this because you are supporting a visionary Game Studio: buy it because its so worth playing !"
76561198032544196,Recommended,420440,21730254,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Vanu Kaos,"Horribly addicted to this title.  Simple in its execution but incredibly engrossing as your fleet clashes with enemy shipping.  A wide choice of historical and ahistorical ships to match up and smash against similar fleets handled by a reasonably sharp AI.  You can play a variety of scenarios or historical campaign and the extra bonus of having customisable battles where you pick the sides, weather and time of day then set about firing tons of explosive shells in the general direction of the enemy until you dial in the range then the fireworks really start.  Jolly good fun to be had ripping the battleships apart with 16"" shells of pure destruction."
,Recommended,420440,32649114,Posted: 22 June,all,[Deu/Ger]✠Germanyball✠,i give it a 9/10 its a pretty good game :) it would get a 10 if you could play the battle of the atlantic campain with other people :p
76561197993506627,Recommended,420440,21544045,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,alansaund,Fantastic game at a bargain price..Buy it
,Recommended,420440,21696414,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,DetCord12B,"An excellent take on both strategic and tactical naval warfare during WWII. While it does have some quirks, specifically with the cumbersome nature of the UI, it easily makes up for that with battles that will keep you engrossed. The next turn could very well be your last. Highly recommended."
76561197971692688,Recommended,420440,21470032,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,[57th] Stilgar,"Remember the Great Naval Battles series from SSI?Finally someone has made a fantastic turn based naval battle game.There are options for Single Battles or a Campaign playing either side.It is immersive, somewhat realistic and a heckua lot of fun.Be aware it is a mobile port - if that bothers you steer clear as the lineage shows. Rather than real keyboard and mouse controls you click the top or bottom of the telegraph to set speed, et cetera.I have many hours in the Android version.If you enjoy WWII naval games, do not hesitate to get this."
76561198220853144,Recommended,420440,23545052,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Nerull,"I have thouroughly enjoyed this game and find myself turning off movies half way through just so I can go sink some ships.  The graphics are excellent and will play on my machine which is not a gaming machine.  The sound effects are pretty good too; I especially enjoy listening to the creaking of nearby sinking ships.One complaint I have is that when you finish a campaign, there is no recognition for it.  At all.  I completed 19 scenarios and was disappointed that it doesn't have any sort of cut scene or even simple graphic to recognize that I had completed the campaign.If you like turn-based naval warfare you will probably enjoy this game."
,Recommended,420440,21450893,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,DEUS VULT!!,Just sank the HMS Hood and the Prince of Wales with the Bismarck and Prinz Eugen within 5 minutes.10/10 would SIEG again!
76561197986327006,Recommended,420440,21889867,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,von_ron,"Absolutly Perfect, the price is very cheap ... the quality is superb and the gameplay is Brilliant.I cant leave it alone since i bought it   .. its one of those games where you fight the current battle and want to get strait into the next one, i thought i played it for an hour and it turns out it was nearly 3 hours because it so engrousing.worth every single penny and hope they make a sequel"
,Recommended,420440,21933622,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,vylaii,"I'm in love.I have no regrets for installing one of your other games on my tablet, if I am not mistaken, the name is Pacific Fleet. Seeing the interface quickly reminded me about the UI in that game, and I know it's on Atlantic Fleet in GP. Well, let's get down to details. What's the quality of this game?Good, but not bad either.Some things can be added to improve the looks of the game, for example, some more detailed textures, or possibly adding some mods to add different points of view.What do I think about how the game works?Good, and excellent.It's all because of a turn-based strategy that makes it interesting and fun to play. Turn-based strategy is possibly one of the best genres I like to see on Steam, as there's not a whole lot, and that usually makes up for the quality and uniqueness of the games.Ships?Oh man, there's just a ton.Not a whole lot, but there's even corvettes? Amazing to see some small ships in a game like this, (you don't see it very often in some other games based on naval combat).I'm just going to conclude my review here, and you probably understand the point I am trying to make here."
76561197971244937,Recommended,420440,24207076,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,AbSlayer,Great game with a small problem of range estimateding that really can be good on one ship andreally out on next in same battel
,Recommended,420440,24411514,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,AndyMach,The game that made me mad about history of Royal Navi and Kriegsmarine. Why is it so cool?- Lot of different ships- Many historical missions- Interesting 'Battle for the Atlantic'- ONESHOTS!!!!!
76561198135719889,Recommended,420440,26022985,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Mufen-z,"If you are not that into history and ww2 (mainly ships) this game isnt going to be very fun. I mean it will be fun for about a day or two, but your not getting the full expierience. \However, if your a history buff, it is absalutely fantastic!"
76561197965370010,Recommended,420440,21481603,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Gunnyhighway,"What a great leap forward over the ""Pacific Fleet"".The graphics could be improved, but it is not a deal breaker especially for this kind of game/sim. It is leaning toward a sim when it comes to torpedoes solution calculation for submarines. Moreover, torpedoes have gyroscopes now. There is also room for improvement when it comes to damage management. I enjoyed the Aeronaval dimension yet this part needs more improvement.For the price, it is a great game that have a lot of room for improvement, but don't fool yourself you are not shooting zombies here. That game can be tricky and is already a healthy base for something that can be outstanding in the WWII naval warfare genre. Grab it now when it is affordable, because if developed in the right direction, that game could worth three times it's actual price."
76561198002571280,Recommended,420440,25812220,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,ShaydeeSaint,"This is a fantastic strategy game.  If your'e into World War 2, this is a must buy.  There very few World War 2 strategy games that let you play as the Kriegsmarine in a 3D engine.  Only the old mediocre PTO IV for Playstation 2 comes to mind.The campaign is fantastic, the missions are fun, but the stand out replayability to me personally is the Battle of the Atlantic.This game is well worth the modest price!"
76561197986689874,Recommended,420440,21715791,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,PaddyCdo,I would highly recommend this game as it is excellent value for money with good replayabilty.The game itself is well thought out with the only downside being aircraft and aircraft carrier game mechanics.All in all a hoofing good game for the price!!
76561197970957566,Recommended,420440,25450876,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Der_Richter,"Had it on the ipad, but i had to get it for the laptop as well... And you should get it too, if you are wondering if it is worth it or not.This is finally a game of the old school-variety, the kind of game i have been missing. It is deep but to-the-point, has lots of researched detail (the amount of ships is amazing) and a very nice manual. It also offers plenty of content, including battle scenarios and a lengthy campaign.All this for a reasonable price. For a WW2 buff, the detail level is impressive and the general feel of the game is that old style of being reasonably easy to handle, but very deep if you scratch the surface. It reminds me a bit of the old days of Silent Hunter, in that it is a slow paced game of positioning, looking at the map and pondering how to get in range for a salvo without getting in a direct line of fire yourself.Everything is there, from different ammo types to wind, quality of spotting information affecting estimations, submarines, air forces and to top it off there is a very detailed damage system, where ships will take damage to different compartments depending on hit location, ammo type etc. which in turn affects how it floods and eventually sinks. Subsystems can be individually damaged.Played many hours on ipad-version, and i will likely play a lot more on the PC port.If you want to get a bit of nostalgia for how a well packaged and developed, quality game, used to look like, get this."
76561198021430946,Recommended,420440,26724514,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Nemesis,"Have been following Killerfish Games for quite some time now and have to say their work is quite impressive, I have bought both Pacific Fleet and Atlantic Fleet for my smartphone and still enjoy playing them even now so buying this from steam when it was released for PC was a no brainer for me...all the fun without the fiddling about on a phone screen.If you like WWII naval battles, turn based strategy then this is for you and at the price of £6.99 what's to complain about.Plus side:-Dev's actually listen to you and respond-Nice looking graphics with individually tracked shells-Realistic shell impact hull damage, component damage and realistic flooding/control-AI can give you shock if you don't pay attention to it ***-Has multiple game modes: Single historical battles, custom single battles, campaign and battle of the Atlantic (for both sides)-Cheap one off cost!-Plenty of ships to choose from on both sides and very nicely modeled.Down Side:-*** AI can have a slight Leeroy Jenkins aptitude and start charging you at times making them easy to pick off-While I love the follow view of the shells on my phone, I do find the same thing on the PC to be a tad cartoonish in comparisonI know people will look at my hours played on this in steam and probably stuff my review as being a ""rookie"" review but trust when I say if I could have added the hours spent on my phone playing this game to my steam account you'd get one hell of a shock.Good job on this one KFG, lets hope the next release can live up to the standards you've set yourselves."
76561198009812158,Recommended,420440,21752359,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,e8flyer,"Great, reminds me of the Great naval Battle Series of the 90s/early 2000s. The ships models are very detailed, and the game play is challenging enough with having to figure out the arty distance/elevation. There is a air piece but I have not played that much. Also good intro into British vessels for WoW. For 10.00 I would recoomend. It is a port from the Ipad though so the campaign is only battles with random starting pos, and weather."
76561198050258181,Recommended,420440,21669775,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Xxamirul,So far one of the best and most realistic naval sim of ww2 out there.
76561197999399886,Recommended,420440,31549397,Posted: 4 May,all,winters310190,Fantastic Game. Plenty of strategy with lots of very detailed graphics. Learn by doing. It starts off complicated and hard until you start to play with the dials etc so keep at it I promise you wont be dissapointed :)
76561198140257724,Recommended,420440,24342213,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Mimer,"I was really not hoping for much when I bought this game, but to my surprise the game is great, if a bit limited. Combat is awesome, the turn-based format suits naval warfare, but there are parts of the game that are less polished. Considering that the game is 10 Euro that's fine."
76561198033122746,Recommended,420440,31498044,Posted: 1 May,all,the evil one,"My initial review of this was very negativeand although it dosent have the polish of other games and is quite simple, a few little glitches I've found have made the game playableOnce you realise you don't have to defend with the fleet thats being attacked a lot of the tedious battles can be bypasseddosent have the massive battle fleets of victory at sea but this is turned based vs vos's rtsso now I'd give the game 40 to 60 hrs playability which makes it great valueis annoying the game considers cv a ship of the line often putting them at the front too in your auto deployment so the ai can target them from 1st shotAlthough must admit most of my hrs so far the are game playing in the background while at workand if not for the glitches the game in its standard state  is little more than a mobile portwhich would get very grindy and boring after only 4 or 5 hrs"
76561198139604871,Recommended,420440,25116432,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,TheFlyingCommunist,"A hidden gem. It doesn't look good, it doesn't do much, but what it does it does damn well. Really realistic and historically accurate, if you're looking for something to play in short sessions when you're bored this is the game!"
,Recommended,420440,21516445,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Pdguru,"Enjoying it so far.  OK, so it's based on a mobile app, but so what?  It means it has low complexity, but still has plenty of detail in the battle.  Graphics are good (especially with a bit of post process enhancement) and the turn-based approach works surprisingly well - more thinking and less button mashing.  This is an extremely good deal for $10.   Give it a try."
76561198006988862,Recommended,420440,21545260,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,⋙--Force Machine--⌲,"This game is absolutely fantastic! Not sure how they managed to pack so much into to such a tiny file size.Battles are fun and can be quite intense. I especially love the sound design. The sound of a hull cracking, the sound of an explosion, shells flying are all so well done. Even moving the camera underwater gives an incredibly realistic sound of what it actually sounds like being underwater (something most games don't bother with). If you like watching awesome naval battles and choosing between a large range of different ships then definitely get this game.You won't be dissapointed. I would like to see more from this game in terms of expanding the size of the battles, and perhaps even creating campaigns from different time periods."
76561198053577117,Not Recommended,420440,28219672,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Danchc,"There are some fun things about this game, but:1/ Battles start with important units too close to enemy - you have no say.2/ Your gun accuracy is low, enemies is high!3/ Enemy aircraft are 100% accurate, you get shot down or miss.4/ Enemy submarine/destroyer torpedoes are incredibly accurate, but they dodge yours.5/ Ship deployment is bugged - placing own starting units can only place units in two zones, enemy everywhere else.6/ You can't re-earn renown on campaign missions, so you run out - game over.7/ Steering is done in 5 deg rudder position, frustratingly inaccurate.8/ No free play mode.Overall it is unnecessarily Frustrating!!  I advise avoiding it."
76561198026635584,Recommended,420440,21510400,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Runo,Really fun game . For the price it is a steal even just for high detail models .
,Recommended,420440,21454920,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Koray,"Amazing on mobile, and now this is here.Can I like, buy this 50 more times as a thanks for making it on PC. <3"
76561198121975294,Recommended,420440,23914128,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,erick,Interesting turn based WW2 naval battles. I have not yet figured how to make a hit from a bomber yet but I will. I do like the choice in units and the gameplay in general.
76561197978030954,Not Recommended,420440,32064826,Posted: 30 May,all,daa-raa,"Its almost a very good game. But its not. The AI itself is built around cheating. If you face enemy submarines, they start in positions 1200-1500 yards from your ships. You can call it point blank range, their torpedoes will reach your ships in one or maximum two rounds. You simply can't dodge them. There is a setting in the Options, called ""Longer Start Range"". It set the range a bit longer (about 20%), but its still point blank. What is the cheat in this? You will know it when one of your submarines enter combat. You will realize, that your starting position is at least 7000 yards. Fair play in its highest rank. And imagine this with 4-5 enemy subs.Torpedo launch angles funny too. Almost 80° from the longitudinal axis is achivable. Yes, torpedoes had gyroscopes to set a launch angle. But not this wide range. And they made torpedoes very (in the case of german ones extremely) unreliable and unpredictable.  German gyros had a tendancy to stuck, causing the torpedo to go in circles.  There was a lot of german subs destroyed by its own torpeoes. But not in this game. They 100% reliable here. IRL they only used the gyros to set the spread of torpedoes, around 10°s. They simply afraid of their own weapons.The other thing is the game do its best to desinform you. You better not listen to its fireing solutions. If you shoot long, it will give you a solution with an even higher elevation, or a much lower, in the joke category. Its very rarely give you an at least close to good solution.The tactical map have no scaling. Your best device to count elevation is a ruler. With that you can measure distances.Wind effects only your shells, but not the AIs.Sometimes the game is totally unplayable. I'm not against losses, its part of warfare. But not in the way in this game happens. Its ridiculous.If you can ignore these, than you will enjoy this game (mostly). Otherwise you will hate it."
76561198244226544,Recommended,420440,21893726,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Brother Barachiel,"A fantastic game! Probably my best 7£ ever spent... Highly recommended!I really hope we will get some patches or DLCs in the future, like French and Italian, or some more US vessels :)"
76561198104136705,Recommended,420440,21810211,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,武蔵,"Good graphic 9.1/10Great Explosion, Gun firing, Fire and sound effect 9.7/10Good game soundtrack 8.9/10This game is good all around i give 9.8/10Play as Royal navy beware U-boat ""Silent Devil""Play as Kriegsmarine beware Aircraft carrier of Royal navy ""The Mighty Wind"""
76561198084973104,Recommended,420440,32240000,Posted: 7 June,all,The Derpy Division,"Just a fun game to kill some time with, would recomend this game to anyone."
76561197962266600,Not Recommended,420440,24394397,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,ethereal entity,"Major flaws with design:No one divides compass headings by 45 degree increments, then proceeds to subdivide those into 10, making each tick 4.5 degrees. Aiming is critical in this game, but broken by having to do arithmethic gymnastics everytime you want to find headings - in 4.5 degree increments.The aiming line malfunctions/does not re-appear at times when menus are accessed in battles, removing visual aiming feedback.Fix the compass headings into standard 30 degree divisions, and 5 or 10 degree subdivisions, and the disappearing aim line, and this might turn into an upvote."
,Recommended,420440,32110033,Posted: 1 June,all,SuperSalt,"Great strategy game, played it on the Mobile versions then found it in pc"
,Recommended,420440,23695150,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Code Cowz,This game is an amazing but simple simulator. Simple AI but this game has so much potential to become a full on naval warfare simulator. I'm rooting for the devs to keep on going and updating this game!
76561198224453956,Not Recommended,420440,29414315,Posted: 21 January,all,Rambo,crashes all the damn time with 0 save feature
,Recommended,420440,28484139,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Preowned Oyster,"Yeah pretty good for $10, Wouldn't buy it if it was anymore then that, maybe 6.5/10"
76561197987174692,Recommended,420440,21611141,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Nats,"If you see this game as 'Total War: WW2 Navy' you will get its concept immediately - the strategy map is there to move around units, repair and refuel etc, and the main fun is in the battles - although they are turn based not real time, although some aspects like animations and ships sinking are done in real time - its a bit weird but it works! And the battles are remarkable with plenty of deep gameplay - I especially love the torpedo plane runs and try to ram the subs which is more difficult than it sounds.The custom game on its own is worth the money - had loads of fun pitting a Flower Class Corvette against a U-Boat like in the film the Cruel Sea. And if you want to see what HMS Nelson against the Graf Spee would be like you can do that as well along with practically every type of other ship.But the main fun is in the dynamic campaign - kudos to the devs for putting that in! Its really addictive. Yes the missions are great but the dynamic campaign is where the game shines - you never know what you are going to meet - U-boats or battleships or cruisers etc and you get differing weather and time of day. The weather moves in a realistic manner. The game features ballistics, damage control, smoke, torpedoes, Swordfish, hedgehogs, squid - you name it its all in here.As yet it never gets overwhelming - managing a sub and firing a spread of torpedoes is really easy, flying a low level torpedo plane attack is dramatic, takes skill but its also scary, but not complicated. Learning to get the range of that distant battleship before it gets yours is similarly nervewracking and exciting - its easy to get to grips with the mechanics but actually doing it takes experience.Best buy I have made for years. Its a simple game with loads of depth, loads of accuracy and surprisingly deep mechanics, and the dynamic campaign means it will stay fresh for a long time. And for £6 its a steal, it should be at least £20."
76561198013907351,Recommended,420440,34154998,Posted: 10 August,all,mdiesel95,Great Value for the money but they should create anouther with more detail and realism!
76561198107846602,Recommended,420440,31143128,Posted: 14 April,all,Maestah,"By far the best naval simulation game out, waiting for Pacific Fleet to come out on PC.That they could make a mobile game into a well completed and well designed game for PC is just wonderful!Pros.- If you like turn based you will love this game, the turn based mechanics work well, move your ship as you like and then fire it as you like, all manual controll, do the math to hit your target, you will miss a lot but you feel like a captain to your ship.- A lot of historical ships with some prototypes like the H39.-Historical campaign/missions, ranging from, raiding the coast of the US to the Scandinavian campaign to the Hunt for the Bismarck, all very well executed.- Detailed ships and airplanes, as the graphics may look odd sometimes the little additions like: crew walking on deck, waves hitting your ship, snow and rain falling down in bad weather, ships catching fire all of the sudden after a hit, AA guns firing all the way up to try to hit a plane, ...all very well executed.Cons.-Campaign may get repetitive as you play as Germans you hunt down freighters and their cargo, as British you hunt down Germans to prevent them from destroying the freighters. (But this is considerable as this is historicaly correct)-Only 2 nations (with exception of the North Carolina BB, Bogue CVE and the US freighters), I know it's the battle of the Atlantic, but to see some Italian and French ships would be nice, as you are fighting in the Mediterranean Sea at times-For more casual players, the turn based mechanic can be odd a times as EVERY move you make hits a pause button. which means the game can be slow at times (only a minor point, as if you aren't a fan of this, don't buy it)Otherwise can't seem to find any more cons, rather I would find more pros than cons.As a WWII and Naval warfare lover, just recently bummed into this gem but fell in love at first sight with it, a must buy for fans like myself!9/10."
76561198018058674,Recommended,420440,31169310,Posted: 15 April,all,olson19452003,Like this game alot. watching some of the historical battles played out is pretty  cool .  The sacrifices  the men who manned these ships is something we should be grateful for .
76561198109507353,Recommended,420440,21698435,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,ulrichjr.donald,"Other than the game freezing all the time, it is OK!"
76561198060859298,Recommended,420440,23607707,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,dflynsqrl,Really fun game if you like turn-based ship-to-ship combat.  I really like this game.
76561197998949579,Not Recommended,420440,26066318,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,beermaker,"Cannot recommend.3 Reasons:1) simple setup. Your don't approach battle - you're thrown in it, directly next to enemy ships. Get your shot, hit or not, back to menu, repeat.- It reminds me of playing darts against myself.2) Subs and Airplane are hopelessly overpowered. Only chance for the enemy is: RUN. In case you are the sub: just exit, jump back in on the same mission, receive a new good position + full torpedoes - Go again! Especially enjoyable when you plan the allied campaign.3) Bad combination - ship battle & turn based. So you aim, fire torpedoes, they run and then: they stop. 50 y before the ship. So now it's the ship's turn. Smoothly runs out of the way. Next torpedoes turn: empty sea ahead, so they de-spawn. Cripples aiming, has a comical element, though.Else: Controls are not so complicated, but slow and very repetitive. The balancing is crap, the aiming is easy but not reproducable (you keep hitting nothing)...., ah, ..., yeah whatever....What's good? Took 11h from my life. Could have been worse (e.g. Omerta - City of Gangsters)"
76561198163261811,Recommended,420440,24630960,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Stena Britannica,"I do like this game really much. The aircraft carriers, submarines, U-boats, destroyers, torpedo boats, cruisers and battleships are really SICK ships bristling with guns and torpedoes from torpedo boats, destroyers, light cruisers and submarines REALLY do have an AWSOME effect and the aircraft from aircraft carriers are nice. Nice work, Killerfish Games, and please do add an option where the submarine is on the surface when the only ships are merchants, and keep the sub underwater when there are warships around. But I noted a glitch, which smoke to cover up your ship does start up, even when YOU not COMMANDED to do it. But, that is a game that I give a rating of 100/100. Also, please add the Japanese ships to the German side, with the Yamato-class battleships to start with. Besides, could you add some new features, like an Auto-target option, and a torpedo range finder? It is also funny at times. I was shooting the Bismarck, and after a few shots she covered herself up in a smokescreen!! xD Such noobs!!!"
,Recommended,420440,31270244,Posted: 21 April,all,Jack Graham,Good game if you are into naval combat.
76561198122581286,Recommended,420440,22620962,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,paulrichards1964,"The best WW2 naval simulation bar none. The intelligence of ""Fighting Steel"" combined with the good looks of ""Silent Hunter 4 & 5"". I can't stop playing it. A large convoy guarded by one destroyer and threatened by three prowling U-boats. The tension is fantastic. Love it, love it, love it!!"
76561198231625688,Recommended,420440,24397121,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,studio.j.spelthuis,"REALY !!!!! i FELT FROM MY GAME CHAIR, WHEN I PLAYED THIS TURN BASED, ATLANTIC FLEET THIS IS THE BEST OF THE BEST,IAM A GAMER FROM THE FIRST HOUR OF COMPUTER GAMES, I HAVE PLAYED ON ALL CONSOLES, AND PLAYED HUNDERDS OF GAMES AND STILL PLAYING, ON STEAM AND THE XBOX ONE, LONG TIME WAS RING OF RED MY BEST PSX 2 GAME EVER, I HAVE MORE THEN 120 PC GAMES ON STEAM, AND THIS GAME IS THE BEST I EVERY PLAYED YET, THANKS TO THE SOFTWARE COMPANY, AND ALL THE HARD WORKING DESIGN TEAM, AND STAFF PERSONEL, THANKS FOR THIS GOLDEN MEDAL WINNER, IAM CRAZY ABOUT THIS GAME !!!!!!PLEASE WORK ON AN AD ON, LIKE LIVE BOOTS WHEN AN SCHIP IS GOING TO SINK, AND YOU RESCUE THE CREW,AN MOVIE WHEN YOUR MISSION IS AN SUCSES, WHEN THE SHIPS COMING BACK TO PORT, MEDALS FOR THE ESIGMENTS,REFUEL YOUR SCHIP AND ARM YOUR SHIP IN THE HABOR WITH AN NICE VIDEO, WHEN YOUR HIT, AN SMALL SCHREEN IN THE UPPER LEFT OR RIGHT CORNER THAT SCREEMS FIRE ON DEK ONE, ETC..  AND LET THEM SAIL OUT OF PORT ALSO IN AN NICE VIDEO MOVIE, SO AN NICE GAME NEEDS LOTS OF CINEMA MOVIES, BETEEN THE MISSIONS, IT MAKES YOU FEEL TO BE AN REAL COMMANDER, I HAVE SUNK 3 DD WITH ONLY ONE CA CRUIZER, WHAT AN NICE GAME IAM FORGET TO SLEEP... LOL !!!I HOPE YOUR DESIGN TEAM WILL THINK ABOUT AN ,  GAME IN SPACE WITH HUDGE SPACE SCHIPS, AND THIS SAME TURN BASED GAME  ENGINE,  ITS SO GREAT, PLEASE PROGRAM AN NEXT TURN BASED GAME JUST LIKE THIS ONE BUT THEN  JUST LIKE tHE bATTLESTAR GALARTICA.... AND CONQUER AN PLANET WITH SPACE MARINES JUST LIKE THE TURN BASED GAME XCOM.... WHOW... THIS WOULD BE SOOOOO NICE....HUDGE SPACE SHIPS AND MARINES WHO CONQUER AN SPACE PORT OR BASE, OR ENTER AN OTHER SPACE SCHIP... BUT NOW IAM GOING ON BOARD OF THE GRAFF SPEE, TO SINK SOME SHIPS, CAPTAIN ON THE BRIDGE ....LOLLOTS OF GREETS FROM AN FULL TIME GAMER !!!!!!!"
76561198291088802,Recommended,420440,21847892,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,magnolia781,Good value for its price. Recommended game for those World War 2 games fanatics!
,Recommended,420440,23590275,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,丂ultan קinhead,Very fun.
76561198002485194,Recommended,420440,25759043,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Marc Faron,This seems like an awesome game so far. It is by no means easy. I've been playing naval PC games for years and this one is unique. I like the campaign mode so far. Well worth $10.
76561198022615237,Recommended,420440,29469476,Posted: 24 January,all,Good Tweetman,"I've played it for a little while, and I recommend this game.It's a good game. It plays well, is fairly easy to learn, and is enjoyable. Good for a quick game of 20 minutes if you're on the run. However, the entire game feels a bit dated: The graphics and sound are subpar. It could be a lot better. I wouldn't pay $10 for this again. However, if it goes on sale, pick it up, it's enjoyable.EDIT: On further playing, I revise my review. It's worth the $10. It's worth $15-20 honestly. It plays extremely well. The graphical issues are far outweighed by the excellence of the game as a whole."
,Recommended,420440,33048407,Posted: 30 June,all,Nightmare Moon™,Nice little game to blow up those silly allies and their endless ships
76561198310448799,Recommended,420440,30326301,Posted: 4 March,all,monback40,"this game is halarious, i realy like blowing sh*t up. and can you add the carriers, eagle, ark royal, graft zeppelin, uinicorn, and a few seaplane teanders? and like add likke where you can place ships wherever you want, in battle, because, i was trying to move a destroyer alongside a damadged aircraft carrier, and protect it, and 5 torpedoes slammed into the port side. can you add more ships, please?"
,Recommended,420440,21550942,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,udel007,Good alternative to world of warships but FAR from perfect: While its a good game it is quite unpolished.Pros:Turn based lets you think and strategize.Targeting and firing systems are reasonable and engaging. Good combination of guess work and known variablesCons:Graphics are terrible for 2016 - update sorely neededCannot easily view ship specsPurchasing system sorely unorganized and not user friendly.Crashes during middle of battle on updated system (980ti and plenty of ram)If these guys would go the distance - it could be a great game. For now only $10 bux or under.
76561198008218694,Recommended,420440,21499152,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,bewest169,"What a great game for 10 bucks,Wow!,if you have been searching for a WWII navel game this is it,has all you want,great  graphics,any one can jump in and enjoy this game the controls are simple and the battle scenes are just amazing,only issue you may have is getting the huge battle ship guns targeted in but it takes a few trys ,How this game flew under the radar is just amazing,its just packed with tons of great ships,subs,and yes you can use airpower,the under water battles with subs and depth charges are the best I have seen,You will spend hours,with this little gem,"
76561197963042131,Recommended,420440,21489371,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Hellfish6,"Easy to learn, but with a lot of depth.Depth.Mwahahahahaha!"
,Recommended,420440,25570524,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Stairmaster,Lots of jank in the game menus and overall presentation but there's a certain charm in the surface ship combat. The dynamic campaign need a better ui and some quality of life features(you have to manually move ships to zones with a shipyard or supply ships to repair/re-arm them).If you want a fun WWII Naval combat experience get this when it's on sale.
76561198026599641,Recommended,420440,34350217,Posted: 19 August,all,CrazyFox,kick but game
,Recommended,420440,30933956,Posted: 3 April,all,Novotny,Das Boot? Yes.
76561198049824373,Not Recommended,420440,21489771,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,mirrahhl,"Just cannot recommend this , unless you want a mobile phone  game on your computerfeels simplistic, unfinished, & clumsy, and uses restrictive ""rules"" to try to make it challenging... - you can only use 3 ships in each mission  ??????!!!!. it feels and looks like  mobile phone port.- you have to ""buy"" ships and if they are lost you have to ""buy"" them again ...every time....???  there is no save ...its back to the campaign start again for you...do less than 100% on a mission and guess what you have to buy the ships again...you cant sell spare ships for ""renown"" (read money)...erm...is this a pay to win port or something?The AI cheats so obviously and clumsily (eg AI bombers magically appear right above your ship - (you have no warning or defence to this, or torpedos appear from submarines that are facing sideways on or can they turn like UFO's in this game?  So go back to entire campaign & re-start !!!)....... its arcade level style stuff.There is no proper save game option in a campaign so make  a mistake and you will have to start the whole campaign again ...as all your ""renown"" has now been blown up by ""magical enemy AI bombers  or torpedos that appear from nowhere near any submarines or at impossible firing angles ( AI U-boats can maneouver  better than UFO's).It says ships have ""realistic"" damage not ""hit points""...yeah well maybe but ..who cares?...when the rest of the game is as far from realistic as you can get........you get the feeling its just crude and clumsy gameplay and designed for something other than a proper computer.......basically Just feels like a mobile phone game, ...I persisted for five missions into the campaign out of fifty...I never got far enough to ""afford to buy!"" any of the big ships in the game as by then I had lost interest in the tediousness of itI wish I hadnt bothered."
76561197970658884,Recommended,420440,29542817,Posted: 28 January,all,jpinard,This game was so good I had to get it for both iOS and PC.
76561198044196409,Not Recommended,420440,28244261,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Seth,"Clunkiest interface ever - which is saying something for a TBS. UI is counterintuitive, text is difficult to read, overlays aren't useful, and information isn't always in the same place in each situation."
76561197992574380,Recommended,420440,29459551,Posted: 24 January,all,Guffer,"Excellent game. Only frozen twice in many hours of gameplay.Only negative in my opinion, is the lack of savefunction during gameplay.Can be tiresome to exit game in mid battle, because you have to stop playing,and knowing you have to start over.But one of the best Naval Battle Simulator IMO, (One of the best, not the best, for thosewho like to troll).And the Atlantic Sea Battle Campaign (not the normal Campaign), can be quite hard to figure out, butwhen you have found out how to play it.... Its awsome !And remember: Its all My Opinion."
76561197976227590,Recommended,420440,21485313,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,phototime,It's worth it just for the epic historic battles agaisnt the Bismarck !!  :)
76561198004488920,Recommended,420440,23002675,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,The Black Douglas ®,"pipes myself in""....Salutes the Bismarch as she sinks... From the con tower of my HMS Hood "" still alive n won the day and Prince o Wales also : }Then followed up sinking the prince heugen also wi 2 hits all shells high eplosives...Loved it... and that was my 1st run after the tutorials slightly....Fantastic game and great fun.. Not to be missed""...: }"
76561197964734178,Recommended,420440,22267434,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Apone,"An excellent edition to the naval gaming genre.  Even though you might be concerned that this began life as a mobile game don`t.  This is a A+ port and even better superb effort on the devs part for making it a engrossing, pretty little pc game.Once you have mastered the (seems like) complex controls, you`ll have your ships turning on dimes blasting those enemy ships with impunity.  The Atlantic campaign gives you a number of ships which you can move like a game of chess on the main map.  Protecting the essential convoys is extremely important in the Atlantic campaign.  Single missions and campaigns mission are included, also you can create your own missions.The variety of ships is extensive and envolves all elements of naval combat.  Stalk your prey with submarines, attack from the air or just rely on some 15"" shells.  There is also weather and night and day cycles which add to the enviromentand challenge.The asking price of £6.99 is a micky take, it should be double.  If you love naval games set in WWII then your in for a treat and at that asking price a total bargain."
,Not Recommended,420440,29854155,Posted: 11 February,all,madlarkin8,"cant finish a campaign if the game crashes during every other battle. I love the gameplay but solve the basic stability issues. Also, the campaign interface is the least intuitive design on a main menu ive ever seen. just write what the ♥♥♥♥ing button does, I shouldnt have to read a 10 page tutorial to figure out how to navigate the menus of the campaign."
76561198007877703,Not Recommended,420440,21577984,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Eze,"Thought this was going to be a good, fun, inexpensive game. I am not playing this on a mobile phone . I bought it for my PC.First off it is almost (90%) impossible to have a ship survive more than 3-4 missions in the campaign mode. The German ships will in all likelyhood give you the first round, since they almost always miss with the first volley. After that the almost never miss. You will probably never attain enough Renown to purchase the Battleships, since you have to rebuy lost ship to complete the next mission.  Submarines are all but useless if you miss on your first shot, They reload torps so slow, that if you do get a second chance to shoot your target is so far off you will never catch them. Thier movement is dreadfull as well.I agree with the other Negative posts in this 100%. I tried the Battle for the Atlantic campaign twice, and on both occasions my Battleship was sunk on the 2nd move buy an invisible bomber/torp plane that appeared out of nowhere leaveing me with a Light Cruiser and a Destroyer against a Battleship and his friends.Pros:Looks good on my PCShips are pretty coolCons:AI cheats like there is no tomorrowPlayer ships accuracy is horrible, splash guide will tell you some usefull information but not anough to ballance out. Basically informs you that you over or under shot your target.I really wanted this game to be good but it isn't. Unless you like getting frustrated, then it is a good game."
76561198041228725,Recommended,420440,31558223,Posted: 5 May,all,Tranquil,Nice gameTL;DRNice
,Recommended,420440,24242360,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Alucard,OMG NAZIS
76561198118635183,Recommended,420440,24052512,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,zrgyu,FXXK Kancolle. This is a True Navy Game.
76561198006684268,Recommended,420440,21550413,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Zapp Brannigan,"If you love WW II and/or naval operations, you can't go wrong with this game. It is excellent, beautiful, and surprisingly full featured for a $10 game. Ship geeks will love it.The only people I'd probably caution away from this game are those who are absolutely allergic to turn based gameplay. Everyone else, buy it now!"
76561198040447383,Not Recommended,420440,34227464,Posted: 13 August,all,BrockAly,"Played two battles before asking Steam for a refund. I love turn-based strategy games in general, but this was clunky. By the end of the second battle I was bored."
76561198089159129,Recommended,420440,23921770,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Shotgun,dive dive divethis is brilliant cheap in sale now turn based naval battles wwll graphics are not top notch but its great fun.it just great historical battles make your own battles follow tutorial at start and its easy to pick up n play sink a load of frieghters for fun chase u boats and dodge their torpedoes buy buy buy its a bargain
76561198088088962,Not Recommended,420440,32938658,Posted: 28 June,all,kieran williams,"Bought the game and installed it. Went to launch the game and error message popped up saying 'oops error occurred, please message the developer.' Tried various ways to fix it and messaged the developer but got no reply. Eventually asked steam for refund ."
76561198128466702,Recommended,420440,23825910,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Retrograde Sinopessen,"A mobile game port !? normaly i avoid such mobile ""games"" like hell but this one is superb and you cant stop it! :)"
76561197971447388,Not Recommended,420440,29213812,Posted: 12 January,all,Snarky_Wombat,"Interesting turn based naval combat game, in fact I dont think I've played anything like it.  That is until the Crash to Desktops start plaguing the game.Like many others in here the game simply wouldnt stay stable for more than an hour no matter the fixes the Dev suggested."
76561198069213538,Not Recommended,420440,25152558,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Opus,"Okay this game is not GNBNA from earlier times. I did play through it, but found the game extremely monotonous. Same battles almost all the time and I could not opt out of action or for that matter pick my ships to send out on patrol. I played as Germany and didn't even get the chance to play as the Bismark."
,Not Recommended,420440,23781915,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Tjitah,"This is an exercise in frustration. The graphics are beautful and the sounds are great, but the commands are convoluted, overly complex and not intuitive. I can't even figure out how to fire the torpedoes. Did it once but don't know how i did it - and that is in the tutorial !!!I have an ultra-wide screen (21:9 34"") and some info and commands are at the far right, while others are at the far left or top. So in order to fire a salvo you have to move your eyes all the way from the far right to far left several times. It completely breaks the immersion for me. It would have been far better to have all the fire commands in one (central) place so that you can make your adjustments and setup in one place, fire the shot and then move on.This game has great potential, but i got halfway into the tutorials and then got frustrated and bored and uninstalled."
76561198083998904,Not Recommended,420440,21575280,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,nick,I do not like the fact that you have to manually elevate the guns every time you fire a salvo. The controls seem to be ported mobile touch sliders rather than PC specific edit boxes. Very fiddly. In a wargame I simply want to select a target and let the mechanics and the virtual dice do the rest.Mac Book gets insanely hot and fan on 100% whist playing.Wish I'd not bought this :-(
76561197972906174,Not Recommended,420440,21654349,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,C DEATON,"Most obtuse interface ever.  Maybe it's a fun game, but I just can't get past the clunky UI,"
76561198080265443,Not Recommended,420440,22345426,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,OrbitFPV,it doesnt let you take out other ships
76561198087616929,Not Recommended,420440,21654977,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Hadron,This game looks great and the guns are fun to play. The submarines and aircraft are utterly broken. I really wanted to enjoy this game but unless you are simply trading cannon volleys back and forth with the enemy you are completely screwed. The controls are complex and unintuitive. From a history standpoint the game is excellent but it simply isn't fun.
76561198170584465,Not Recommended,420440,22025745,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Captain Callum,Pfft... Just another mobile portGame consists of:-move your ship-aim guns at enemy-fire guns at enemy-let AI have their go-repeatWorld of Warships is much better and it's free
76561198139654996,Not Recommended,420440,26709484,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Apoc1530,"Very limited, hard to control combat, and boring"
76561198134581896,Not Recommended,420440,21534029,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,ddy1967,"Certainly not what I expected.  Turn based but not at all realistic, the ships move vs fire rate is all wrong and there is no tactical element as the targeting is provided and the encounters start and end too quickly.  Belongs on a tablet, not as a PC game IMHO."
76561198015730303,Not Recommended,420440,21673812,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Grandp57,I am sorry but I cannot recommend this game. The controls are junk.
76561197976243257,Recommended,420440,29286283,Posted: 15 January,all,mwconcord,GREAT GAME BETTER THAN WORLD OF WARSHIPS NO IDIOT PLAYERS AND NO RNG.LOVE IT
76561198130141902,Not Recommended,420440,21552221,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,The Betamax Bandit,IFFFF this game was real time.... it would be a fantastic game
,Not Recommended,420440,23872691,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Blaster,"I am very upset that I purchased this game. The AI cheats!! The enemy always hits by its second round of shots, while the player continues to miss, as if your gunner was drunk, blind, and asleep!"
76561198006834639,Not Recommended,420440,26504595,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,kilted,Well thats a complete waste of my money....makes you keep replaying the same round over and over and over again... I played that round and lost my ship...let me play next one...
76561198032022856,Not Recommended,420440,22440711,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,magnusj,"Game not realistic,ship speades do not confirm to range, 29 is les than 34 ekcetra, semes lik germani is vish of designer as  vinner, stupid, get someon who has sayled a boat to help, nic grapics, but."
76561198059254673,Not Recommended,420440,21894193,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Polecat,Boring game.
76561198082471947,Not Recommended,420440,25018853,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,TitillatedTortoise,how do you get refunds
,Not Recommended,420440,29305626,Posted: 16 January,all,Veritech,childish and simple........P.T.O. on the SNES was a better naval sim
,Recommended,420440,32033568,Posted: 28 May,all,mrtagnan,0/10 not enough water
76561197994490550,Not Recommended,420440,21453857,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Grimvarr,"I bought this on an impulse, as it was cheap, featured WWII naval combat, and looked pretty good.My first impression is not all that great, however. Putting shots on target is a lot more hit and miss than it feels it ought to be. In-game estimates meant to help you with this are often wildly off the mark, making combat rather frustrating. Also, I find I have a bit of trouble keeping track of the battlefield during night battles, as there are no interface prompts or icons that let you know which of the ships are yours and which are enemies (on the map, yes, but in 3D mode not so much).I need more time to come to grips with this game, but even as a cheap impulse purchase I am not overly happy. I was hoping for an off-line alternative for World of Warships, but this offers a lot less satisfaction/hour than WoWS.At this stage I am neither recommending this game, nor am I saying you should not buy it if you are into WWII naval combat. I will say that it isn't a very intuitive game, and had me frustrated in under 15 minutes. I want to like it, I just don't. Not yet, at least."
76561198051375400,Not Recommended,420440,25919153,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,kj3rd_engr,How come this game is not free moves?   Should not be turn based.
76561198209583735,Not Recommended,420440,26170445,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,kdixon4685,Old mobile phone Game yesterdays games at tomorrows prices.
76561198355212020,Not Recommended,420440,34702776,Posted: 2 September,all,Game_Rat_002,bad graphic
,Not Recommended,420440,21454352,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Fjetland,crap
76561198075725406,Not Recommended,420440,21449707,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Killfire922,"Just wasnt a fan, gave it a try for a few minutes, so probably not long enough, but the controls were wacky, and just wasnt what i had expected."
76561197966954790,Recommended,420440,30413240,Posted: 9 March,all,Tomdini,"Great game. I bought this on Android and bought it again on Steam and I will probably buy Pacific Fleet for my phone and I'm picking up Cold Waters within five minutes of its release. :):) This is a fantastic simulation of the Battle of the Atlantic. It gives you practically everything you could want in such a game - dozens of ship types, including the ""fantasy"" Lion- and H-class battleships for some fun what-if alternate history, the 1939-1945 dynamic campaign is an epic blast, there are piles of historical missions, and tons of settings to make the game harder.I consider this a spiritual sequel to Great Naval Battles Vol 1 on PC (fantastic classic DOS game from 1992), and indeed the developer indicated this was Atlantic Fleet's original direction of development before they opted for a turn-based format.Submarines, carriers, cruisers, battleships - it's all in there and everything is gorgeous. Compared to the Android version, it is the exact same game. Some things look nicer - the ocean surface, for instance, has been upgraded - but mostly it is the same visuals at higher resolution and the same sound effects - but coming through speakers and a woofer, the thunder of a warships' guns is much more terrifying on PC!!!!One thing I dislike is the new fire visuals - fires aboard ship looked better on Android even if the fires were more ""blobby"" and particle-based, these choppily animated little ""sparks"" of fire in the PC version don't feel like massive blazes burning through the decks. Also, the oil slicks which hemorrhage from a stricken vessel as it sinks are barely visible on my monitor compared to my phone - could be a gamma issue but I can't find an in-game gamma setting.Also, I have a gameplay gripe - each turn you only get one shooting phase even if you have main and secondary batteries. In other words, all your ships move then all your ships shoot, and they can't shoot more than one set of guns per turn. This means your battleships or any ships with secondary guns basically never fire them because you're always using your mains on the enemy, because they are more powerful.Other than these ultimately negligible nitpicks, though, there is really no reason not to buy this game.If you're into WW2, the Battle of the Atlantic, naval combat, or any super fun turn-based tactical challenge, Atlantic Fleet delivers."
76561198056759299,Recommended,420440,21484484,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Red Wolf,Got this game on iOS and Android. Why wouldn't I get it on PC?
76561198027394940,Recommended,420440,21484766,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,janner1952,"Hi, I just came across this game by chance, and thought I would buy it as it`s cheap but looks pretty cool. I am glad I did, this is the best game of this type I have ever played. Not only is it great to look it but also fantastic to play,It took me a little while to get use to the controls, but is a lot easier then I thought it was . If you like turn based strategy games then look no further, this is the one for you. Easy to pick up tatorials , good learning curve and just a superb game. I give it 10/10 ....just the sort of game I have been looking for.."
76561198007490298,Recommended,420440,21536712,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,ricob,Not a fan of the turn based battle system or the fact that the interface is a port from mobile but... overall the game and execution is very good and there is much to love about the game. There is certainly real potential in this system and the developer seems knowledgable about the subject matter. If they add a real time battle system I would be glad to pay 5x  what they charged for this. Would love to see a PC Pacific version also.
76561198112981059,Recommended,420440,21523596,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,choglit,"This is very good, if you like slow burning Tactical naval warfare then you will like this.Well worth the price, great stuff."
76561198024578572,Recommended,420440,21525235,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Carlsson,Good overall.*Easy to learn*fun gameplay*Nice details and textures (for being a mobile port)*Lots of Ships to choose from*Sinking physicsA good game for someone who likes naval combat.
,Recommended,420440,21525568,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,[WaW]ZomgPonies,"This game could definitaly benefit from coop or head to head MP, but overall a very fun light strategy game with tactical actiony bits."
,Recommended,420440,21537328,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Conn100battles,"Great, great turn-based naval strategy game, It really brings me back to the old days with games like Fighting Steel!"
,Recommended,420440,21568952,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,[SCBFF] Ownage Pwnage,"Lots of fun!  Solid game, easy to pick up, tough to master.  Has a few rough spots, but for the price, it is a great game!"
76561198014120665,Recommended,420440,21556833,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,olygriff,"I really enjoy this game. It's not a  big learning curve and it's fun in the diversity of ships you have.  Think of the old game Battleship, but add moving pieces and great animation. For $10 it's a no brainer."
76561197991066040,Recommended,420440,21557602,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,racketyjack,"Armor piercing, High explosive, starshells, torpedoes, depth charges, hedgehogs, aircraft, (carriers and land based), subs, surface ships, German and British campaigns PLUS the Battle of the Atlantic! Weather, visibility, shipyard repairs...I tell ya, I am impressed. The devs have included a tremendous amount of detail and depth into this game. The only (somewhat) negative Ive seen so far has been the sometimes tedious movement and firing, espesially in the larger battles. Ive also found the AI to be a little on the weak side. Personally, I thought It would be nice to see it more real time but Im not going to complain. But you have to use your head, become familiar with the game mechanics, and pretty soon you will be hooked. This game is a lot of fun."
76561198007718326,Recommended,420440,21504323,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Arrigo the annoyer,"This is an extremely good game about WW2 naval combat in the Atlantic. It is historical, turn  based, and sports great graphic. The in game ships feels like their real world counterparts, the ballistic model is reasonably accurate and I do not feel unhappy with the lack of in action saves during the campaign. While it made campaigns more difficult it also avoid the ""reload last save syndrome"".The surface and submarine combat models are very  nice, I am not 100% satisfied with the air attack system, but maybe I need more practice."
76561198012652674,Recommended,420440,21478875,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,jandeczech,"Great first impression...  I passed up a highly rated wargame with a sale price three times as much as the normal price for this one, and I'm not disappointed so far.   I had misgivings about it being created from a mobile game, but those were unfounded.  The controls are a little unusual, but not bad."
,Recommended,420440,21686923,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Cerlin,"If turned based ship sinking with variable simulation levels sounds good, then this is the game for you.So why have I put 40 hours into this already?The pro:- The basic mechanics of the combat are fun. It is turn based with much less of the randomness other games have.- the campaign and the world map mode have really fun connected fights. Your units survive each fight and grow for this next battle.- the Battle of the Atlantic mode actually feels like the Atlantic war and each side has a very different play style.The Cons:- The graphics could look better.- Some people will not like turn based combat.- If you want an arcade ship shooter, this is not it (Though you can make it somewhat arcadey in the settings)"
,Recommended,420440,21687972,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,SnowHeart,"Sends me down Nostalgia Lane, reminding me of hours spent playing Great Naval Battles of the North Atlantic. While Atlantic Fleet doesn't have the same strategic or tactical depth as that icon, it definitely captures the feel of it and presents the ships of both sides beautifully. While it still leaves me hungry for a full-scale remake of GNBNA, for $10 this was a great buy and a lot of fun. Highly recommended."
76561198007247365,Recommended,420440,21504995,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Thodin,"Well, I dont want to write too much, I'm no english speaker, either.If you like naval games, you will definetly enjoy Atlantic Fleet. Its not as complex as Jutland and other naval sims, but its fun to play and has a useful campaign covering the entire war. The graphic is really nice and the turn-based interface promotes a tactical and strategic gameplay.Thumbs up."
,Recommended,420440,21586832,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Sighman,"Really good turn-based naval combat game. The ship models are awesome, the combat is easy to learn but allows for plenty of different tactics, the animations, explosions, sound effects and music are all top notch. The battles are just about the right length, and the enemy ships move and fire quickly so there's no downtime in between turns.Great value at ten bucks - I've played 3 hours already, and I'm only stopping because it's 1am. I've also taken about 30 screenshots of sinking/burning ships.Cons:When ordering an airstrike, the game defaults to targeting one ofyour own shipswhich, if you're not paying attention, can waste one of your attacks. Would be much better if it targeted the nearest enemy instead."
76561198090258816,Recommended,420440,21825415,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Ed Jackal 420,"Great Game! It is an awesome turn based naval combat game that looks and feels like a real time strategy. Reminds me a lot of the old PC game ""Great Naval Battles Of The North Atlantic"". I do hope in future updates to see more ships from the USA and Germany and also to add the Italian, French, and USSR navies to keep the game from becoming too stale."
76561198010923497,Recommended,420440,21731045,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Beasleyhere,I keep getting an error meesage that the programme has stopped working in the middle of campaign  moves. A bit frustrating.
76561197983778541,Recommended,420440,21898258,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Rongor,"neat addictive, so far not too deep simulated, still not too abstract little WW2 naval action game.It has enough simulation aspects and accurate details to satisfy history freaks. At the same time your degree of interacting is limited enough to keep it simple.Combined with turn based gameplay, you get sucked in to enjoy that ""one more turn"" desire.Basically you do 2 things. First move your vessel some distance, by adjusting rudder and speed settings. Thereafter you use the firepower by selecting a group of guns or torpedoes, adjust barrel elevation and/or direction to shoot, fire!If you are interested in naval warfare, especially of WW2, if you are familiar with all the famous ships and classes of that time, you can enjoy pretty accurate and beautiful models of these in this game and even create customized matches.There is also some fun with using aircraft carriers, aircraft attacks, Uboats, anti-sub-warfare and a few German Hilfskreuzer.The simulation aspect is somewhat limited, still it is lots of fun even for simulation enthusiasts (which I also claim to be). So to be fair, I again have to say that mostly everything is heavily simplified. Yet the potential for further enhancement is visible all over the game.The developers are very communicative and accessible in the steam forums. Currently they are getting shelled by tons of ideas and suggestions of the increasing player community.The devs already hinted that they totally intent to enhance the gameplay (probably not with this game though, due to limitations in the coding) and if you read how they reply to many discussions in the forum, they are obviously not new to naval stuff therefore my hopes are high that they might produce some decent naval simulation sometime in the future.The built in ""Battle of the Atlantic"" campaign mode offers a map of the Atlantic on which you can strategically put your available vessels on patrol. This reminds the veteran naval wargamer of the now vintage GNB series.So this game could be the first step of a project leading to a modern GNB clone with all its former strategic gameplay aspects of managing a navy in WW2, adding tactical battles feauturing beautiful visualized ships.This game is clearly worth a lot more than the 10 bucks I payed for it. Considering the little price tag, chances are high you won't regret a purchase, even if you are not that much into the genre."
76561197989188942,Recommended,420440,21991131,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Tsukasa,I find this game to be surprisingly good considering that its a port from iOS.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_AF8LpenbHE
76561198022296391,Recommended,420440,21956203,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,MacAttack,"AF is a great game, and for a price you can't say no to.  Decent graphics, casual laid back interface and turn style play.  Still offers the excitment of sinking that Queen Elizabeth Class BB.  If you like Navy smis - strategy games, pick it up...."
,Recommended,420440,22022861,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Tac2i,"Fun, fast and easy to play. If you like ship to ship combat then get this game."
76561198110231932,Recommended,420440,21599392,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,pauld.howard1968,mint whens the multi player version out and the pacific expansion?
,Recommended,420440,21506419,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,AdmiralStubbs,"This is a really fun and can be pretty realistic, The models are amazing, for i just looked at the HMS Hood in battle and she is the best. If i had one complaint it would probally be that when in the battle of the atlantic as the germans i hate it when you have 2 U-boats and you still have to kill the transports/merchants, Keep in mind this is just a minor dislike, but if it was given a sort of auto resovle after killing an escort i think it could help, otherwise a great game and i recommend it"
,Recommended,420440,21491645,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,TATER THOT,"A really simplistic WW2 naval combat game (not simulator). It is easy to learn and before I knew it, I had played 5 hours. The turn based mechanics allow time to decide your upcoming tactics and it also allows you to sit back and enjoy the game. For $10 and such a simple game you really cant go wrong."
,Recommended,420440,21492195,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,DarkMyth,It's a fun strategy game and I am enjoying the Dynamic German campaign.  My main complaint is lack of a tutorial or directions on how to play the game or what things do.
76561198065046061,Recommended,420440,21492643,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,bhk,"This game is light-years closer to a simulation than either World of Warships or Steel Ocean.Played for 1.5 hours and it has me well and truly hooked.Not only surface ships, but also submarines, carrier-based aircraft (Allied, obviously) and land-based aircraft when in range (Axis and Allied).Excellent graphics, great sound and a pretty intuitive interface.A very good tutorial.If you are interested in WW2 naval sims then turn-based or not, this is a must-buy.For a lousy ten bucks you can't go wrong."
,Recommended,420440,21482151,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,crawl-space-man,"The Bismarck is toughPlayed single battleBismark VS Hood, Nelsion, and Prince of Wales.Bismark fired one volley and sunk Hood, then sunk Nelsion.10/10"
76561198011813252,Recommended,420440,21508644,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Andy,"This is a game well worth the money.The graphics are something worth seeing, The detail on the ships must have taken a lot of time to complete they are amazing. In some games where you sink ships you end up firing one or two shots and the ship sinks. In this game you hit it in the right place the magazine it will sink with one shot but beware miss the sweet spot and you end up fighting for your life.As a strategy game it does keep you on your feet and thinking. you control the attack from subs, ships and  aircraft so from under on and above the waves.Gunnery is challenging as you sort out the range to target.A very educational, challenging and enjoyable game."
76561197994208743,Recommended,420440,21508848,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Peanut Butter & Pork,"This game is not a great value for $9.99 but it is sort of fun. It's very addicting and has a unique and cool gameplay function, but some of it is a little clunky. It's basically like a board game that runs really fast and smooth, though it resembles a tablet or phone game."
,Recommended,420440,21605150,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,BadTrip,"It's all it's simpleness, it's very enjoyable. There's quite a satisfaction attached to hit an enemy ship with a full broadside or to sneak up with your subs and sink that flag ship. The controls are quite easy to learn and it's not in the same spirit as the Navy sims out there. There are some ""mini games"" within the game as well when you do torpedo runs with e.g. a Swordfish airplane. It's quite crude in it's implementation but still you can use it to your advantage when you are close enough to your own airsupport.With that said, there are quite a few problems.1. The enemy subs seems to be able to exit combat at will. Several times I've had them locked on by up to 4 destroyers and suddenly you just get the message ""U-96 exits combat"". This has to be fixed. I would understand if the sub was able to evade my fleet, but there's no way for it to escape once the sonars have located one. In real life, yes, but in the game no.2. Air strikes. The problem with these is that you can't freely put a marker on the map to carry them out. They have to be locked onto a target. And if the target is a sub, well, then you have to click on the actual sub and not on the surface. This is quite an issue since the only ships that can target a sub are the destroyers, it means that it's a hit and miss click fest until you get lucky.3. Targets are not shared among the rest of you fleet. It seems that the Captains wants to keep enemy ships to themselves. Not very realistic. If one ship spots an enemy, of course they would let the rest of the ships know the bearing and distance.4. The end game is not clear. Not clear at all. I'm not saying that there should be missions as such since it's a sandbox, kind of, game but some things just doesn't make any sense. Take merchant ships for instance. Frequently you get messages that some Nazi sub has sunk some 30000 tons of loot near Greenland but it has no real impact on your game. It doesn't feel very necessary to protect them besides that it gives you an opportunity to sink some enemy ships. As an enemy sub Captain you don't earn any ""money"" either for civilian ships, only military. Given that the whole Atlantic navy war was about sinking as much goods as possible, this makes no sense what so ever.5. I've had several glitches with the aircraft carriers where they suddenly become invisible. Invinsible would be nice sometimes, but the camera bugs out and only shows a grey window. You can still command them, but it's pointless since you can't se what they are doing.6. Ranging. This is also an issue since you have no tools to range an enemy ship. If you can visually see a target, apparently they have hired a flock of monkeys that sits below deck and gives you a guestimate of the range. Now, I know how it works in real life (the same as for artillery on land) that you shoot-correct-shoot, but they did have crude range finders (optical devices that when converged on a target would give a estimation). Luckily, most of the time, the enemy seems to share the same trained monkeys. It would also make sense if your more exprienced crews would give better rangings than a noob ship. It should pay off to keep a ship alive.7. AA. There should be a way to fire on incoming aircraft. It seems that it's a pure 50/50 now if your ships will be able to hit them with their AA artillery/guns. Some aircrafts, the ME 110s in particular, never seem to miss either with their torpedoes.There are probably more stuff that I can't think of at the moment, but these are some issues that leaps to mind.Overall, yes, it's quite fun and enjoyable. You don't have to be a sim freak to figure it out and once you get to fight with your big Battle ships that fires shells the size of small buses, it's very fun. Beware though, it's more towards arcade so if you are looking for a sim you need to keep that in mind."
76561198007622141,Recommended,420440,21575049,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,fat4eyes,"No time to read: Like XCOM! On the sea!  But with Nazis instead of aliens! And ships instead of soldiers! And a much better action camera! And less performance problems! Also, you can be a Nazi! Wait... come to think of it, it's not that much like XCOM, but Atlantic fleet is still a great turn-based tactical naval game with a nice strategic layer as well.The core of Atlantic fleet is the turn-based ship combat. Each of your ship gets two actions, a move and fire action like XCOM. However, unlike XCOM the accuracy of your fire is based mostly on your input (instead of just the RNG in XCOM). Once in your fire phase, you have to manually set the elevation and traverse of your guns to hit enemy ships, like in the artillery games of old (Worms, or Scorched Earth). If you miss, you need to adjust your artillery settings based on where the shells landed. In the artillery games of old, this sort of trial and error can get frustrating because you don't have any idea what angle you should use at first to get shots anywhere close to your target. Fortunately Atlantic Fleet avoids this by allowing you to 'lock on' to enemy ships and giving you an estimated distance and elevation required to hit your target. You can then work from the estimate and dial in your shots until you consistently hit your target.Atlantic Fleet succeeds in evoking the same sort of tension you feel when lining up a shot or when you're getting shot at in XCOM. In cruicial shots you end up praying to the RNG gods (or in this case the simulation gods) that your next shot hits the enemy in a crucial location (engine, steering) so you can get your ships away in one piece. And the damage modeling seems to be pretty good too. If the enemy takes out your steering, you can only change your throttle settings and can end up going in circles (like the Bismarck did in real life). If your propulsion is taken you then you become a sitting duck.The game wraps up the core turn-based naval combat in three game modes: Single battle, Campaign and the dynamic 'Battle of the Atlantic Campaign'. Single battle is just a collection of historical battles, campaign is a sequence of increasingly difficult battles as well as a prestige system that allows you to buy new ships to improve your fleet. The best game mode is the 'Battle of the Atlantic' dynamic campaign, where you can move your fleets around a map of the Atlantic Ocean as you fight your enemy at the strategic level. It's pretty detailed, requiring you to cycle ships from sea to port as they take damage or run out of ammo, and also has the prestige system from the non-dynamic campaign that allows you to buy new ships to replace your losses. It sort of reminds me of the campaigns in the Great Naval Battles series of yore. I've only played this for a few hours but I'm already enjoying preying on British merchant shipping with my submarine wolfpacks, and I can see myself playing this mode for many, many hours.On the down side, it does show its mobile game roots. Some of the controls clearly work better on mobile (clicking and dragging the elevation in traverse wheels using a mouse can downright make your hand hurt after a few hours, clicking buttons in the UI just don't have the same feedback you'd expect from a PC game). Graphic settings are pretty barebones (yet still better than most mobile ports).That said, the graphics themselves and the sound design are pretty good, especially considering that this was a mobile game. Like XCOM. its great graphics. sounds design and action camera allows you to 'feel' the battle, not just 'think' it. Just remember if you're on a laptop with both an integrated and dedicated graphics card to make sure the game is set to run using the dedicated card, otherwise it will lag badly trying to run on the integrated card.The game has a lot more detail and systems that I won't have time to discuss here (smoke, anti-sub weaponry, torpedo spreads, air strikes), but overall it shows a lot of attention to detail and is a lot more 'realistic' than I expected a turn-based naval game to be, especially one that started out on mobile.  All in all it's good, and if you like naval combat at all (especially WW2 naval combat), you should get this game."
76561198253070427,Recommended,420440,22118045,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,bigdadac,This is a very good game . I have been playing it for a while now. I enjoy it very much. I would recamend it to everyone..
76561198010512218,Recommended,420440,21936607,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,jonathan.a.hickey,"For £6.99 this game is superb - hell ive spent less time playing some £30+ gamesThe ship models are lovely as is the weather and weapon effects and I think it has the right balance of strategy, tactics and arcade elementsIt has several modes of play - Single player generated battles, Recreating historical battles and 2 types of campaign - 1 a linier type campaign where you can have a maximum of 3 ships in a given battle from your pool of ships against increasingly harder opponents across 19 missions.And lastly a full blown Battle of the Atlantic style affair where the player chooses where to place their ships for the maximum effect as well as repairing and rearming ships where necessary.5 out of 5 for me"
,Recommended,420440,21925965,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,StrayWolf,I know that this is a mobile app port but its tons of fun. If you're into naval battles this is a must have. Has some quirks here and there but the devs are very involved in their project so it can only get better...and they have 'big' plans for the future. Plunk down your $$ and join the fun!
76561197971335248,Recommended,420440,22145591,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,rmagnante,"Great game! For 10 bucks, you can't beat this. Very addicting and a blast, pun intended, to play. You may find it hard to put this down......"
76561198069584261,Recommended,420440,30761236,Posted: 26 March,all,Red Ensign,"11 bucks well spent.  REALLY fun.  had to turn the difficulty up though, because on the default difficulty I destroyed the hood too many times with just 11 inch guns. :-)  sometimes it gets stuck on an animation and I have to shut down with the task manager.  but overall I love it."
76561198080503214,Recommended,420440,22363250,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,bigboyschevy,Many hours of fun playing this game.
76561198006687252,Recommended,420440,22503605,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,[RIP] SPARTANMST,"Fantastic naval strategy game. Huge amount of detailed ship models and great tactical detail, all types of ship are modelled from aircraft carriers right down to the smallest frigates. This is one of the few naval games that's actually worth buying in my opinion, others are far too 'arcadey' or are too detailed to be enjoyable. This strikes the perfect balance, I can see myself playing for quite some time.The only negative is that there's no multiplayer, something they could perhaps resolve with the other game these guys make 'Pacific Fleet' which is currently only on smartphones."
,Recommended,420440,22582778,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,livedhealer16,"awesome... Takes some getting used to, great balancing. Light Strategy and good fun."
76561198022364423,Recommended,420440,22578961,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,bnstone,"Ecellent game, needs a scenario editor and land.  This version also needs to be ported to Pacific Fleet, and the Med needs to be developped too. Overall, highly recommended, love the graphics, it even runs well on my Samsung Tablet Android version..."
76561198062265037,Recommended,420440,24286390,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,AlterEgo45,"It's alright.Atlantic Fleet seems awesome at first, but then you realize it's the same thing over and over. As the Germans, I'm controlling subs which are grossly OP . So at the beginning of the battle, I randomly spawn right next to a couple of enemy ships and sink them before they can even react. Then I sink the escorts, because there's no reason to run away from an oncoming destroyer unless you're out of torpedoes. After that I run down the merchantmen and sink all of those. And apparently I need to repeat this about 200 times to win the game (haven't done so yet) since wiping out an entire convoy doesn't mean much in the big scheme of things.Surface battles, it's really a question of who finds the range first and which shot(s) get lucky. You don't get to utilize your range advantage with big ships because you spawn within gun range of enemy destroyers. You also can't fire your primary and secondary weapons at the same time, so battleships are kinda lame actually. I've never tried it but I suspect 3 destroyers or MTB's could take out a lone battleship.Aircraft are incorporated as sort of an arcady mini-game. A mini-game that is absolutely terrible.That said, the graphics are excellent, the ship damage model is perfect, and the gameplay is smooth. Atlantic Fleet is a lot of fun within its limitations, and this game is worth it if you get it on sale.IMO if they set this game in the late 1800's before subs and aircraft, and concentrated on surface to surface warfare, it would be a lot better. Maybe a WWI game would work."
76561198004047191,Recommended,420440,21669910,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Galcian,Make a Grand campaign and for pc please! love this game! now we need pacific and ww1  :)
,Recommended,420440,21749228,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Palmladd,An excellent game.  Fun and addicting.  Easy to learn but hard to master.
76561198184353890,Recommended,420440,21766111,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,marc.lane,"Great little game, nice take on naval combat I like the turn based style on this, more stratagy less arcade. I would love to see multiplayer in the future though and keep that turn based too. Thanks"
76561198045801146,Recommended,420440,21706931,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,ReachForTheSky,"If you liked a classic 1990s game called Fighting Steel, you'll almost certainly like this.For the price, the amount of content alone is worth it. But it's also well-designed, well-made and visually pleasing. A fantastic game."
76561198028375856,Recommended,420440,22268003,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Pagon,I have to say i was dubious about this game..... But how wrong i was.... great game nice simple controls and plenty of depth  a great game
76561198007107520,Recommended,420440,22275536,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Freelancer,Good game for the money
,Recommended,420440,22284463,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Velko,Mobile port? Pfft.but waitthis can't be rightit's actually awesomeWHAT IS GOING ON
,Recommended,420440,24127285,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,LIKEUCARE,"I can say for a mobile port to PC, it is done quite well!The interface is solid, the visual / graphics are very well made too.The game plays like a turn-based navy simulator and divided into two phases: Movement and Firing phases (self explanatory).You have training mode, campaign and a few other modes to give you some meat!I haven't played this game much as I find the gameplay way too slow for my liking (or maybe not in the mood for slow games lately).Maybe I expected some kind of a action navy game? Ah well, my bad I guess!I wouldn't recommend this game if you seek fast paced action game... but if you are reminiscent of Silent Hunter games, this will surely fill your Naval craving!Best pro, this game ain't that pricey too so if that's your thing, you'll get served here!I might give this game another shot someday though!"
76561198007992987,Recommended,420440,24319822,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,grahamelee,"Every time I click to play the window just closes so unable to play it, or redownload it as says already in my library...any ideas?"
76561197991307937,Recommended,420440,28694169,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,[DRB] Disaster,"Great graphics, animation and attention to detail. I enjoyed playing a good turn based game for several hours this holiday. I hope they return to it to fix some bugs and also to update the controls and expand what you can do. For one, it seems strange on a battleship that they couldn't target more than one target wtih their secondary guns (ex. main guns vs a capital ship but the smaller guns targeting corvettes and destroyers).Also the scenario editor is simplistic - all you can do is just pick the units and go at it.Overall, the right level of complexity I want and handsomely made. I loved blowing up ships over and over."
76561198038759225,Recommended,420440,28482490,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,delta-61,an excellent game the way the ships sink is awsome and what we hoped for in certain other games.8/10 from me
76561198133725939,Recommended,420440,28186923,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,timlovettcrashdynamics,"Enjoyable, yet challenging naval engagements.  I have'nt had a chance to play the campaign at this point, but completely loved the singel battles."
,Recommended,420440,27611849,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Soviet Fox ☭,"It's like the boardgame Battleship with better graphics, basically.10/10 would utterly destroy a lone merchant with the BB Queen Elizabeth again"
,Recommended,420440,27626813,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Moltqué,"Turn-based version of the ""Wolfpack"" classic. Watch out for this studio's real-time spiritual succesor of ""Red Storm Rising"", ""Cold Waters"". Can't wait!!!"
76561198069518958,Recommended,420440,27892260,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Iron Ranger,Very fun game especially for the price. The devs put time into making this port polished to be the best it can be on PC Ive definately gotten my monies worth.
,Recommended,420440,33245213,Posted: 4 July,all,panzerkiller13,"When I first started going through the tutorials, I wasn't sure if I would like this game being that I've never played a turn based naval game before. After playing it for a few hours, I can honestly say that I love it! Wolfpacking in U-boats is very rewarding, and strategies do make a difference! Some of the UI feels a bit unpolished and the campaign doesn't have much story to it so far, but that doesn't really take the fun out of the game like it does with some others. I would highly recommend giving Atlantic Fleet a try!"
,Recommended,420440,33302280,Posted: 5 July,all,DynoMac,If all you want is WWII naval warfare then buy this game. With ships from submarines and destroyers up to battleships and aircraft carriers you can build a fleet anyway you like. It's very easy to learn and there are lots of missions to try out or make your own custom battle. I highly recommend it.
76561198160642100,Recommended,420440,28896294,Posted: 1 January,all,WarEagle5500,"Good game, fun, and makes you think before acting, if you're a fan of strategic game where you can own an army, this is it. The only bad part is the ship moves then fires, which is the only part I hate, but other than that, I'd give it 4.5 stars."
,Recommended,420440,32878374,Posted: 27 June,all,Lordog,Very fun Game. Love it!!!!
76561198005776253,Recommended,420440,29052263,Posted: 5 January,all,Cwjian,"Exceptionally good value, gameplay depth, and a decently realistic simulation of naval warfare, especially at its price and given the limitations of its original platform. I hope there will be more additions, possibly one for the Mediterranean, with Italians, French, and Germans along with the Brits."
76561198149294616,Recommended,420440,28888144,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,gmileswong,"Excellent graphics, sound, and game interface: easy to learn, up and going in ten minutes..  Learned alot about the Royal Navy ships, playing them made me want to read up more on them.  Like the custom battle game option where you can set up multi-ship, hypothetical encounters- for example I loved setting pairing up USN battleships USS North Carolina and USS Washington vs  Kreigsmarine Bismarck and Tirpiz.  I wish the developers would upgrade their Pacific Fleet game with this game engine- I would be playing Iowa class BB vs Yamato BBs for the next twenty years.  Recommended game for all naval stats-heads who want to see their knowledge enacted on the screen."
76561198014649631,Recommended,420440,28870650,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,vangomaextreme,WARNING!!!! SERIOUSLY ADDICTIVE FOR THE PRICE!!!!
,Recommended,420440,29329692,Posted: 17 January,all,FrozenHydra,"this 21 something hours is all in the german battle of the atlantic, since ive played pacific fleet i knew already how to play, all in all, this is an enjoyable game, in atlantic fleet its more historical, no upgrades to the ships,very akkurate hood magazine (((( (actually killed the hood in the atlantic with the bismarck and tirpitz). but its completely worth the 10 dollars to be honest, im not even half done with the german battle of the atlantic campaign and ive already put 21 hours into it, so definite replayability too because youre probably gonna spend 40 some hours on one side of the fight and go to the other, and mabye do the other missions, and replay the battle for the atlantic to see how you can do better.totally worth 10 dollars with the replayabilitygraphics are meh at best but this is ported from moble and i could really care less.german guns arent as accurate as british guns however can ruin anything in a few hits (wheraboo thinks historical, might not be though, probably)the game is relatively easy to pick up and play effectively and im not sure about the crashes, i played this almost 10 hours straight and no crash so idk what causes it but i run it fine...its a good game to get if you have 10 dollars to spare on something on world war 2 and fun, not a sim, FUN.tl;dr good replayability for price, get it m8son a side note i have to thank the devs for making a successor to pacific fleet, and i didnt think it could get any better, thanks guys!"
76561198126448077,Recommended,420440,29618197,Posted: 31 January,all,FeGrey,"I saw The Mighty Jingles playing this game and decided to try it out. All in all, at around 1 dollar spent per hour played so far, i have enjoyed my time with Atlantic Fleet and have more hours yet still to enjoy.Ship Models look good, though i am not a hard core ship enthusiast and dont care so much about those things knowing this is an IOS port. i will say that all ships of the same class look identical and i feel this is because of the games mobile device origins.Gameplay is easy enough. Turn based play, move this slider here and click button, move that slider there click button, watch moves take place. RNGesus seems to be a player here as your shells get some random dispersion after firing.The game features submarines if that matters to you.with all this said i feel that i have hardly begun to scratch the surface of content in this game and if you like WW2 era warships ranging from Submarines to Aircraft Carriers with a small amount of RNG then i say take the dive.You will surely get more than 10 hours of enjoyment for 10 dollars and to me that sounds like a deal.Wait till its on sale and get a better deal.Download size was around 150MB"
76561198092664962,Recommended,420440,29554174,Posted: 28 January,all,jay_rager,Altough the submarine warfare is a little unrealistic it is awesome fun.. I want more.
76561198039222800,Recommended,420440,29701354,Posted: 4 February,all,kingts,"Atlantic fleet and I am sure plenty of reviews to decide from. If you dislike Turn Base. Don't bother. I gave this a passing grade for the effort, but some solid CONS.PROSA: In line with Battle Fleet, Ironclads. Has a campaign to play either England or Germany. Very nice Ship graphics and effectsB; After a simple tutorial, very easy to understand and graspC: A solid template to expand from down the line.D: Good easy game mechanics to follow. Clear on mathamtical figures and choices.E: In game mechanics, movement, arming, targeting, camera selections on different ship view points all solid.F: The theatrical campaign works to challenge your decisions of ship movement and cause and effect.RTS would have killed this game. It would have taken all control from the player. Especially overwhelming scenarios were your attacked multiple times before you can act.CONS1. No one has yet grasped or buit on Koei's P.T.O or the buggy Pacific Storm in terms of player in game choices. This plays to much like Battleship than actual ship management. For example, damage is automatic, instead of player game decisions of trying to save your ship. IN crew decisions and placement. Like a Captain that can added to give you more choices, or an Engineer who can be assigned to repair a gun or engine. No cut scenes to invest the player into the action. It lacks in game scope and theatrical strategic value. This is more B-6 hit, A-6 hit. Kind of an older Atari version w better graphics.2. The Map for ship movement is too simple, lacks quality and more of a add on than making it part of the over all quality of the work. I feel sorry for anyone with bad eye sight. Too small and simplistic. That has to improve3. There is no placement of ships so your at a disavantage in some confrontations as the AI tries to overwhelm you. When you do not give players choice. It hurts the over all experience. For example, is you have three ships and your engaged by 4 submarines, you cannot place your ships, The scenario starts with 8 torpedoes launched at close range. Your dead before your start. Though I understand in real life, that may happen, in a game it can frustrate even turn off novice players. Ship placement must be done, even in bad scenarios should be an option.5. The lack of base assaults also hurts the experience. You have no idea where the bombers come from, support bases I assume closer to land you are. That it does not allow strategic counters. This is more move and outcome.6. No customization, no ship building but selecting from a pre existing list, even if based on real ships. Also hurts the game experience.7. Lastly, the lack of a theatrical pure strategy option limits Atlantic Fleet in many ways. No base building, no carft, no economy, fleet deployments and assignments.  fleet size limitations and in campaign 3 limit kills it. This is Battle ship.OVERALL: I gave Atlantic Fleet a passing grade because of the price and template it created. I think this new develper is on the right track, but needs to think bigger, more game complexity and player game play choices. It also cannot give a cheap version of any section to the game like the map. Give the player more to do. This feels very unfinished as if you could have kept adding to it and they choose the quick hit and move on. Atlantic Fleet could have been one to remember but it falls way short. If you like Battleship, hit, miss, etc then give it a try. If you are expecting more scope, more strategic qualities or theatrical planning. This is not for you. Go to the DIscussion part, see Videos of gameplay before you decide and get it on sale, for a few dollars, not an awful game to try. However, because of the lack of gamer options and strategic game play. You will move on to something else quick. This is my take on it and some may hate it so see the video gameplay first in discussions before you buy. A nice try. GRADE 2 out of 5 stars"
76561197970985802,Recommended,420440,29722156,Posted: 5 February,all,rtbdmd,"This is a good, if flawed game.  You drive ships around and try to sink them.   It's a port of a tablet game and the interface reflects it.  It also means that the game play is rather shallow.  You can select ships with varying amounts of armor, guns, torpedoes and planes.  You then vary your course and speed,  aiming bearing and elevation to try to score hits and sink ships.  There are in game map plots to help which is good because the automatic fire direction correction is very bad.The game has some bugs, for instance it sometimes reports enemy ships as travelling at 0 knots when they are  still moving.   The campaign mode is unbalanced in the way it rewards  ""reknown points"" which are used to purchase new ships.The ship models and graphics are very nice and historicallly accurate but beyond the amount of armor, guns and planes the information available is sparse.  It would be nice to have some information on AA capabilities for instance.   Sonar returns and sub hunting is very simplified.  The AI for ship handling is fairly simple.All in all it's worth ten bucks, however with some attention it could be truly great."
76561198089402095,Recommended,420440,28671005,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,MegaAmpen®@youtube,"Anyone interested in tactical simulation of the atlantic war during world war 2 will probably find this interesting. It is turn-based, and puts you in different tactical situations similar to those in the actual war.The weak part is the strategic simulation, and in that you can really feel the game has been ported. The main part of the game, the majority of what this game is about, is the tactical solution though, and considered that, the shortcomings of the strategic don't bother that much. What the strategic part of the game allows for is overall victory and managing your total fleet, wich it handles good enough, but it is a bit simple in its strategy layout and is sort of counter-intuitive.All in all, the core of this game is the tactical simulation, and as such it's the best turn-based game like this that I've played since Fighting Steel. Strongly recommended for those interested in the tactics and fighting of the atlantic war."
76561198042165787,Recommended,420440,29986598,Posted: 17 February,all,MrTigg,"I first encountered this game while watching The Mighty Jingles, who posted Saturday videos lately about it.  I found it intriuging to say the least.  Im an avid strategy player, but mostly my interest have always been in the Pacific theatre of operations.  But I have to say, this is a very fun game indeed!  Watching Jingles pay, and change history is awesome to say the least!  So, I bought it.  I now can change history for the better or worse depeneding on which side I choose to play!  Allies or the German Navy.   I do hope they come out with a Pacific Fleet!  That would be simply AWESOME!  And if I have missed it, and they HAVE a Pcific Fleet game out there, Im sure to purchase that too!"
76561198137923661,Recommended,420440,30175460,Posted: 25 February,all,MD456,"While Atlantic Fleet may not have the deepest or most complex gameplay (as others before me have pointed out) it certainly does the job very well, and for a mobile port of a game the damage model on the ships is incredibly detailed, just as advertised. Damage to individual systems and flooding mechanics are how you sink ships, again just as advertised.Since the game is a port of a mobile game, the graphics are nothing mind-blowing, but they are appealing.You aim the guns by adjusting the bearing and elevation of the selected batteries, and then fire hoping for a hit. Like it was in real life, don't expect for your first salvo to be a devastating, ship-destroying hit though. Most likely it'll miss. Sometimes just barely, other times by what seems like miles.Unfortunately there is no online multiplayer, something this game would be almost perfect for. So, you'll be playing solo the whole time.I can't give any thoughts on the campaign as I have no idea how to play it (maybe I'm just stupid), so I'll give my thoughts on the single missions and custom battles.Playing single missions is fun and challenging, you can either aim to recreate the historical outcome or change the outcome drastically such as preventing the sinking of HMS Hood.For me though, custom battles is the real appeal of this game. You select up to ten ships per side (Axis or Allies), select the time of day and weather conditions, and then the battle begins. You can either sink all enemy ships, have all of your ships sunk, scuttle your own ships, or disengage from combat via smokescreens. Your score is based on the tonnage of your ships at the end of the battle.All that being said, the game isn't without it's flaws. Torpedo warfare in this game can be tricky and frustrating to get used to at first, and even once you're familiar with it there will still be frustration when your torpedoes stop their 'movement phase' just before hitting the enemy ship, and the enemy ship gets away unscathed.Not to mention that you can be almost on top of an enemy submarine, and they can sink you with a torpedo anyways (The torpedo should NOT have armed at such a short distance, though it's also possible I'm remembering incorrectly or it was a bug).Aircraft (Torpedo bombers especially) can also take some getting used to as you have no way of telling for sure when your plane will turn away from the enemy ship, meaning you'll miss your chance to drop the torpedo if you don't guess correctly.With mostly everything covered, there is also serious untapped potential in this game. An obvious miss was the lack of multiplayer, but the battles themselves have a lack of variety in location. I know it's the ocean, but you'll never be fighting in shallow water, near harbors or islands, or in ice fields in this game, you're always on the open ocean in battles no matter what it seems. The battles could also have benefitted from options like the starting distance between the fleets.All in all the game is great, even with it's flaws. I highly recommend it, especially for the low price of $9.99.A side note to the developers: If you took this same formula, added multiplayer and various improvements (Improve torpedo warfare especially), added more ships, and covered not only the Atlantic but the Pacific and Mediterranean theatres as well (Using the major nations like Japan, Italy, maybe France) I believe you would have the opportunity to truly set the new standards for WW2 naval strategy games as a whole. Maybe even add mod and Steam Workshop support if possible."
76561198011953156,Recommended,420440,30312757,Posted: 4 March,all,Evangelynne,"Very pleased with the accuracy and detail of the game. Yes, there are ideas which could improve the game and I hope that 'Killerfish' continue to develop and produce new games and  upgrades for the existing ones. I did have an issue with the game crashing and sent an email to the publishers. I was surprised to receive an immediate response which appears to have solved the problem (Vlink setting).I look forward eagerly to Cold Waters which is  in development. I also hope that they publish their Pacific Fleet game which is not as yet available for PC.Strongly recommend this game for anyone interested in historical simulations."
76561198057628997,Recommended,420440,30356878,Posted: 6 March,all,sqaley,Good simulation and realistically follows the capabilities of the ships of the time.
76561198343810278,Recommended,420440,30358616,Posted: 6 March,all,legosrawesom,"I think that Killerfish has done a terriffic job creating the battle of the Atlantic inside the digital world. My favorite part of this game is the fact that it has a semi-open world type of feel with real time decision making determining when you will engage in a battle. I did not like that some of the ships in this game were misrepresented, or that they forgot to add CAM's and other various important ships that helped win the war."
76561197995142404,Recommended,420440,33660299,Posted: 19 July,all,Sarxis,"It's a fun little tactical, turn-based WWII naval game.  Was it converted from an app?  It feels that way, but I don't mind that.  Only $10, and probably goes on sale often.  Get if you want a lighter but good looking naval tactics game."
76561198063567508,Recommended,420440,34046450,Posted: 5 August,all,Goose,Love this game. The combat is simple yet challenging. Only wish there was some multi player.
76561198014132932,Recommended,420440,21668097,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,yoyo,"Like old days GNBA, FUN"
76561198147981241,Recommended,420440,34341893,Posted: 18 August,all,Weasel,Would like this expanded to the Pacific with Japanese and American warships. Its a workable game - not perfect but good enough.
76561198075041144,Recommended,420440,34758443,Posted: 5 September,all,Chevayo,"The game has a lot of repetition and a few annoying flaws, but considering the lack of better titles in the genre and the fair pricing, i think it is good enough.The better part are the historic battle scenarios. They work well, are fun to play and there are about 20-ish or so.The battle interface works decently. There is however a distinct lack of beginner support and information. It's the first game i have played in 10 or so years, to not have any kind of mouse-over, tooltip or the like for the main interface elements (there is however a decently detailed manual up for downloading).There are also no previews for the actions - you pretty much have to guess, how far the ship will move or turn. The airstrike minigame is outright silly guesswork.Gunnery and ballistics mechanics, which are the main focus of the game anyway, do work rather well.The dynamic campaign on the other hand is more of a crapshoot.The strategic map is very clunky, information difficult to impossible to find and intel gathering or recon are straight up not inplemented.If you happen to (blindly, because of lacking recon) stumble over an enemy ship - the player has no option to intiate combat, only AI can do that. So even when completely surrounded on the strategic map, the AI ships somehow mange to avoid engagements, disapper for a couple of turns and then conviniently (for them) pop up in a completely different area of the map.The AI is also constantly sinking huge amounts of ""allied merchant shipping"" in areas, where according to the strategic map, no allied shipping exists.If i optimistically put aside the notion, that the AI is just straight out cheating, the only other explanation is, that there is no actual strategic layer. Instead the game just makes AI ships spawn in random locations and do random actions."
