user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,420530,32336524,Posted: 11 June,all,Quindlyn,"I've played a fair amount of games during my time using Steam.I've never felt as emotionally moved by one as I have with OneShot.I don't know if anyone reading this has played Transistor, but if you are familiar with and enjoyed that game, continue reading for a little context. (I'm going to put it in spoilers because it contains an integral part of how the game functions, which is likely better for you to experience on your own, rather than learn about it from a third party. Be warned!)Transistor and OneShot are very different games, but both of them share a similarity in that they have been the most emotionally moving games I've played in my entire life. They both have a huge emphasis on characters, both the one you play as and the ones you interact with or are around you. They also both have brilliantly-developed environments, The combination of these two things is one of the major factors in why I've gotten so immersed in them previously.However, OneShot affected me notably more strongly and for much longer than Transistor, and that is for a very discernable reason. In Transistor, you experience the stories of the characters. When it all ends, you're still a third party, experiencing things through the ""eyes"" of the protagonist.OneShot, on the other hand, features *you* as basically an integral part of the story. Because of this slight difference (which may seem negligible or gimmicky at first), OneShot basically destroyed me emotionally by the end - not necessarily because of how it ended, but that it ended at all. It wasn't just story of some other charismatic protagonists that came to a close.It was mine, and with it, my connection to everything that happened in the game.It's really hard to put into words... but I really wanted to put this somewhere, in hopes that someone understands and agrees. :DAnyways, random game comparison tangent over. It's a phenomenal game - easily one of tmy favorite games of all time, my only complaint being that it ended. Extremely solid 10/10.If you enjoy story-driven adventures like Transistor, Undertale, Night in the Woods, etc., this is basically a must-buy."
,Recommended,420530,30537023,Posted: 15 March,all,Ham Man,"Let's be honest. When I played OneShot, I didn't expect much. I got interested because of it's very pretty arstyle, but I didn't know what awaits me here.And, well...I was very suprised. OneShot was the first game in many years that made me feel so immersed in the world and the story, and for the first time in a long time I felt really attached to the main character.But what is the game about?It takes place in a world where the Sun died, and people are living in darknes. They only have a little bit of light left, and even that is starting to die out. But  in this world there is a prophecy that says that a Messiah from another world guided by a God will travel to the Tower with a new Sun and will make the world like it once was. Then the Messiah will return home, and everyone will live happily ever after.The Messiah is Niko, a small confused child. And the role of the God belongs to you, the player.Which leads to one of the coolest things about this game - Niko knows about your presence and responds to your actions, asks for advice and even has little chit-chats with you. And let me tell you something - it's such a sweet, precious kid that it won't be long before you will start really caring about this little kid and you will want them to return home safely.Sadly your journey is not a easy one. Without the Sun, the world is dying. While many people greet you with happiness and hope, others react differently. They don't believe that just bringing back the Sun will be enough to save the world, and they question the point of your journey, and so will you. Can the world REALLY be saved?What also doesn't help is the fact that Niko doesn't realise that you are as lost and confused as they are. Luckily,someonewill help you on your way. But be careful - this world has many mysteries, and you will replay the game many times. You will want to know the truth, and more importantly - you will want to know if you can really save both.But all of that will be answered in time.Maybe.I don't ♥♥♥♥ing know.Mkay, let'a just put a TL:DR here:A very good game with amazing story, music and loveable characters.Good/10"
,Recommended,420530,30851728,Posted: 31 March,all,Melon,"NOTE: This spoiler-free review is accurate as of the newest update (Solstice). Due to the content and ending added through this update, Ihighlyrecommend this game, and if you have finished the game before this, I implore you to replay it to experience the true ending.I was introduced to this game by Markiplier's playthrough. I only heard 10 seconds of what he said before I closed his playthrough and decided to get this game myself, feeling that this game is worth going in blind, and would be one with a lasting impression.It'sTrue. This is the most emotionally-invested game I've had the pleasure to experience. Even after the end, it haunts me till today... and my emotions are so messed up just thinking about my experience that it's difficult to even review it. Even so... I'll try.Oneshot isAstory-driven puzzle-adventure game. You play as a cat-like persona named Niko in aMission to restore a world's lost sun, a large lightbulb. You only have one chance to save the world. It seems very straightforward....Except you're not playing as Niko. You are considered a separate entity.... yourself. By opening the game, you unwillingly become ""god"", in charge of a world that operates, exists and disappears at the click of your mouse. Niko, meanwhile, is just dragged in as the ""protagonist"", waking up in a different, crumbling world... a child trying to get back home, to the waiting arms of mommy. You are essentially Niko's guiding voice, in a world both of you have no understanding of, and are in charge of leading Niko to bring light back to the lands... and at the same time, bringing Niko back home.Of course, its not that simple.The game is sentient, aware of how it's a program running on your computer, and will attempt throughout your journey to keep you from returning the sun. But in the end, it is unable to control your final decision... and yet, it still gives a last stand by denying you a perfect ending. It's in control of the story and is hiding things, and without you thinking outside of the box to beat the game's coded ""story""... Niko, the world, and thegameitself... will never find peace. The writing and story in and of itself is one of this game's strong points, as the amount of fourth-wall breaking and events that reveal the true nature of the world is extremely compelling, especially since its all addressed to who the ingame people think is ""god""... you.The biggest draw to this game, however, is simplyHow personal it makes the relationship between you and Niko. Leading Niko feels like leading a younger sibling, in which Niko doesn't really understand what's going on, but will deal with events in their own childlike, innocent way. During your advanture, Niko also comments onEvery action you take and even questions you about our world all in your own name... which further got me attached to Niko. Standard game mechanics are also used to strengthen this bond, as when Niko is tired, you have to find a bed to let Niko rest in; this is the only way to save and close the game ""naturally"", and also initiates dream sequences along with more dialogue between you and Niko. If you decide to close the window instead, Niko will be afraid and in a state of shock when you open the game again, as you brought darkness to theWorld Niko is in. This happens often, to the point where you'll likely be afraid to hurt Niko by closing the game.Yet, despite your cluelessness and inability to explain how you can access things out-of-game... Niko trusts you. It's a sort of child-like trust towards an adult that's so innocent that you can't help but love Niko back. When the game denied me theOpportunity to respond to Niko, who was frantically calling my name... IRealised that I could do nothing but stare at the screen. That feeling is horrid, accompanying a person almost all the time... and then being denied the chance to say ""I am here for you"". Eventually, I wasn't playing for the sake of the world... I was playing for Niko. For Niko's happiness, and to hear Niko speak to me again.Niko felt real. I wasn't ready to let my little cat-like child go, even though that's what I was fighting for this entire time.And that made the full game's ending all the more painful. You wouldn't expect a person's happiness... to hurt you so much.OneShot is initially a story of trust and moral decisions, but its true lesson is of attachment... beforeLetting go. The initial ending will make you think of your consequences. The true ending will make you cry, reluctant to pass the credits. You only have one shot, as once you complete the story... you'll want it to stay completed. And yet... IDon't want it to end.I'll never forget you, Niko."
,Recommended,420530,30726450,Posted: 25 March,all,seaotters,You can watch a cat eat pancakes in this game.
,Recommended,420530,30772093,Posted: 27 March,all,Soup Store Manager,What do you mean this isn't real?It's real to me ;-;
,Recommended,420530,30186452,Posted: 25 February,all,Rudy,"""The world knows you exists""I cannot describe just how amazing this game is...OneShot is a game where this game breaks the 4th wall and knows about your existance.You are guiding a character named Niko.Niko wakes up in another world that is ""decaying"".This world is dying because its sun went out and your mission is to save the world...However...your choices will affect the gameplay.This game breaks the 4th wall by knowing that YOU exist.It has puzzles that you have to find out using your computer, and not the game itself.This game, is by far, the most amazing game I have played...I never know that I can grow attacthed to a cute character as Niko.The soundtrack is really good, the storyline is amazing, and the characters are well placed.This....is the first game that legit...made me cry...I would totally recommend this game to people, because its simply really good.Edit: I just completed.....the ""original"" ending......I'm...crying...."
,Recommended,420530,32872566,Posted: 27 June,all,The Best Submarine,"Like Undertale, this game is about a young child trying to get home after falling into a land of strange creatures while being blessed with a ""videogame"" power. However while Undertale is bright and cheery, OneShot is quiet and somber. If you liked Undertale, give it a shot!"
,Recommended,420530,33665746,Posted: 19 July,all,Snood,"The less you know about this game, the better."
,Recommended,420530,30819464,Posted: 29 March,all,๖ۣۜG ᴱ ᴹ ᴵ ᴺ ᴵ,2 things OneShot broke.1. The 4th wall2. My heart
,Recommended,420530,28303542,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,🎃Haych,I think the fact that I got emotionally attached to the main character within 5-10 minutes tells me something.Pros:- Adorable as hell protagonist- Great characters- Really nice music- Interesting puzzles- Different endings for replayabilityCons:- I cannot hug this small child ;n;Overall this game isverywell done and deserves so much more love. I highly recommend this to anyone looking for a cute little RPG.
,Recommended,420530,31193746,Posted: 16 April,all,Queen Crimson,"It has been 15 minutes since I've finished this game.It's also been 15 minutes that I haven't stopped crying.I didn't expect this. I didn't expectanyof this. I didn't expect these feelings, and I would never want to undo feeling them. I read the reviews and was confused at how moved people were, it seemed silly. After all, I've played games something like this, like Undertale, and even that left me a crying mess.But not like this.And I'm going to miss it. And I'll never stop loving it. And I'll never stop missing him.Please, experience this for yourself, too."
,Recommended,420530,31012567,Posted: 8 April,all,Kitsu of the Neko,"Niko is a pure, innocent, cat childPlease don't invoke rule 34 on them"
76561198219546993,Recommended,420530,32571119,Posted: 19 June,all,ExplodingRedNinja,"OneShot is a game that breaks the fourth wall. Actually, no. That's a massive understatement. OneShot OBLITERATES the fourth wall. This, the beautiful art style, and story is what makes OneShot special."
,Recommended,420530,29537215,Posted: 28 January,all,SpooKydrex,"You know those games that you want to talk to your friends about why it's so great but you just can't without giving away what it is that makes it so incredible in the first place?Well, this is one of those games.Play it."
,Recommended,420530,32903265,Posted: 27 June,all,That Xefros,"This is the first serious review im going to do.This game, every aspect of it, its soundtrack, its visuals, its music, it's all a masterpieceThough it was short, i will never forget Niko and everyone else.This is a game which should be considered one of those masterpieces you see and get in love with.This is the first and probably the last game that actually made me cry.Thanks NightmarginThanks NikoThanksWorld MachineThanks everybody."
,Recommended,420530,28264660,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,龍 Mao,"You're doing a big disservice to this game if you pass it off as a RPG Maker Adventure Game. OneShot returns to the meta-subverting adventure that defined the original, and it's simply not a game you should pass up. Explaining the game any further will ruin some of the surprises and twists the game has for you, so I seriously recommend you to play it before reading or watching more of the game. You owe it to yourself to experience one of the most influential games I've ever played, like ever."
,Recommended,420530,30233692,Posted: 27 February,all,12p Ronald,"I am speechless. I was interested, didn't see it on sale once, got anxious and bought it at full price. Exceeded ALL of my expectations.If you enjoyed any or all of titles like Yume Nikki, OFF or Undertale..you HAVE to get this. That's all I can say bout it. The less you know the more amazed you will be.I haven't come across anything this astonishing in a long while."
,Recommended,420530,34740458,Posted: 4 September,all,Alas I Cannot Swim,"STOP. READING. REVIEWS. NOW.It is utterly imperative that you go into this game completely blind. You've seen the trailer above this reviews section, you've seen that the reviews are marked as ""overwhelmingly positive"" (almost 4000 positive and ~1% who are complete idiots that wrote negative, some of which are joking reviews anyway). You've seen that it's one of the top-rated games on Steamever.Now go play it. NOW.But if you really want more information, this review, at least, gives as much detail as it can without spoiling anything, which is still not a lot of detail. Because, you see, this is one of several games where telling you why it's great would spoil what makes it so.Oneshot is without question the most jaw-dropping and astonishingly memorable game that I have ever played.More so than ""To the Moon.""More so than ""Shadow of the Colossus.""More so than ""What Remains of Edith Finch"" or ""Memoria,""More so than ""Bastion"" or ""Braid"" or ""Thomas was Alone"" or ""Cave Story+.""This is high praise from me.It is similarly self-aware as Undertale, but on a completely different spectrum. One that you cannot hope to predict. One that will be somewhat spoiled if you read the other reviews.I am affected, now. How am I supposed to go back to work tomorrow? How am I supposed to continue my day after experiencing that? What the f#ck do I do now?I won't say any more now, for fear of over-hyping it or saying too much. All I can say now is that this will be the most worthwhile $10 you have ever spent.Stop reading reviews.Don't watch a let's-play.Go in completely blind.AndGO. PLAY. THIS. GAME."
,Recommended,420530,31715323,Posted: 12 May,all,Defend100,Stop reading reviews and buy it.Trust me it's better this way.
,Recommended,420530,28290938,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,«§» Jon MF Connington,"I don't usually purchase a game without looking at a few reviews, unless those reviews overwhelmingly say 'just get it, reading reviews will spoil the experience'.  I did that with Journey on PS3, I did it with Stardew Valley on Steam, and it was a good choice for both those titles.  I am EXTREMELY happy I did it for this game as well.I don't feel near the end of the game, but I know already that this is a win.  The perfect atmospheric balance of bleakness, humor, and hope is reflected in the amazing soundtrack and writing.  It pushes you, the player, outside the box in ways that I personally have not experienced in a game before.Get this game, give it about 20 minutes, and you will be hooked.  Give it an hour and your mind will be blown.And that's all I'm saying.  No spoilers."
,Recommended,420530,30651835,Posted: 21 March,all,Karma,"+ Simple yet charming pixel graphics+ Lovely music+ Cute characters+ Interesting concepts+ Easy controlsI don't think I have cried at a pixel game before or a game in general for some timeThis game makes you feel so connected to the world and bond with the character differently than you often do in other games. You don't feel like you are just controlling a character in a game, you are spoken to like you are there with them.It is charming and takes you on a journey while using some very smart ways to mess with you but also get you to solve some of the puzzles. This is one of my favourite games this year because of this.I cannot find a fault with this game other than some of the puzzles people may have trouble with without a guide but that is all part of thinking outside of the game at this point.Give this game a shot, it really stands out on how it wants you to complete it while feeling for the main character."
76561198119132000,Recommended,420530,30108361,Posted: 22 February,all,silenceisred,YOU’RE GONNA CARRY THAT WEIGHT.
76561198315579369,Recommended,420530,30361749,Posted: 6 March,all,jjrt5543,"This is my favorite game of all time. I tried it out because it looked like Undertale, but to compare the two would be a mute point. This game genuinly affected me in a way I didn't know games could. It's more than a games; it's an experience. And for only $10??? It's completly worth it! My only complaint would be the length. It's a short game but I could honestly play this game for 50 hours and still have fun. Other than that, this game is one of the greatest pieces of art I have had the privilage of playing."
,Recommended,420530,31032010,Posted: 8 April,all,Insane Katrina,"Siiigh... where do I even begin... Its, kinda hard to even come with a proper review after this, but I guess I'll give it a go...This game... no, not a game, that is not the word for it...Come on, there has to be a word for it, think you ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.The... WORLD, that YOU are put in has you take control of a child named Niko, a simply confused little fella who wakes up in an unkown world with nothing but a determination to come back home to their family. You must guide them along the way to get back to their home. And to do so, you must help them take back the Sun to where it belongs.The both of you shall traverse through various lands in order to reach the top of the Tower, where the Sun belongs. You will be challenged with puzzles that go inside and outside of the realm you will be set in, you'll know what I mean. The puzzles in question are at the same time simple, but take a bit of thinking through at times until the order is finally set in, so you may have to use a bit of logic if not craftiness to figure out a few things, I doubt you'll be reading off a guide you find somewhere offworld...And the charact... people... people you meet, besides Niko will help throughout your endeavours, you will however spend very little time with them to get to know them better, as you are tasked with saving the world as fast as possible, and the world doesn't wait for Messiahs. Some will tell you to keep going, you got this, that you are the only hope for saving them and that they rely on you soley. Others will... say how the world may in fact be impossible to save, if not completely useless to do so. But that musn't discourage you, you know the world can be saved and Niko believes in yo-... I got a little sidetracked, sorry.However, the world will slowly take a grasp on you and pull you in, you will feel as if you're a part of something, each time Niko calls out your name you've assigned on yourself. You will take full attention, you know they are talking directly to you as they seek guidance or just want to talk about something, so they get to know you better or just so they know that they are not alone, that they got you to help them through whatever obstacle. And you will start feeling as if the world around Niko is breathing, living, trying to understand, trying to cling on to every ounce of hope the people have got, however little. And that the enviroments aren't just there, that they are actually with a purpose, with its people, with its nature and cities, everything! And its probably nuts to say since you will be spending so little time trying to understand that, along the fact that you will be too busy trying to figure out that damn puzzle its set up for you, just so you can finally reach the tower at the end and then finish the ga-!... finish, the game......I wish I didn't put any more spoilers than I've already did. Furthermore I wish I don't put up anymore but, its so hard to resist the urge to just scream at it.So please, don't listen to me babble nonsene, go get this for yourself. Go experience this. Its worth it, the pocket money I got was worth this, and I don't regret it.No, don't continue reading, you'll only find broken nonsense here, and its got too many spoilers, just go.Please, I know you are curios but, its better to save it for later. And...And I just...I just wish it were longer...I just wish I could've spent more time with Niko, get to know them better...I wish I could take it all back, to see them again... but I know I can't...Because I know the Niko I saved is gone now, that they are happy, they are with their mama...And I know that means I won't see them ever again...I could replay this over and over and over again, but it will never be the same...It told me it would be like this, like a tape recorder, and it breaks me to know it will never be the same Niko...I wish it weren't like this...But I know that all good things must come to an end.I know so many people are going to tell me, ""chill, its only a game"", but I don't want to take it like that.I wanted to feel that I was there, that the world was real, and it did that for me, it did it really well.But the fact that I keep getting reminded that it was only a short game keeps taking me away a little.Its so hard not to cry...I wish could've told Niko more than just a goodbye...I feel weak, but I feel happy that I... no, WE, saved Niko, that we brought them back, back to their mama.I'm gonna miss this adventure, it will forever remain in our hearts for what it was... just as it will to Niko.Thank you, for bearing through this broken rant of mine. I will go rest now, be with my friends, be happy, and never forget.Farewell, and take care."
,Recommended,420530,28872035,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Tohru,"Why must you do this to me, I can't even make day to day decisions about what to eat"
,Recommended,420530,29733090,Posted: 5 February,all,BrawnyBlaze,"Updated for the Solstice Update. Scroll to the bottom of the review for it.GameOneShotGenreSingleplayer, Adventure, Casual, IndieLengthShort (3-6 hours)DifficultyEasy/MediumController SupportThe full game is playable with a controller which I would encourageSteam Achievements11 total easily obtainable achievementsSteam Trading Cards5 total, 3 of which are obtainable through playtimeI bought this game on a whim after hearing from several of my friends that it was a wonderful experience. If I talk about my experience with the game, then I will spoil it for many so this review will focus on the spoiler free aspects of the review.This game is just simply gorgeous looking and sounding, especially for an RPGMaker game. The overworld as well as each individual cutscene frame that was drawn is vibrant and appealing. The artist for this game is talented at colour scheme and also composed a wonderful soundtrack for this game. Each song is fitting to the current environment and helps to build the atmosphere throughout the player's adventure.This game plays through a unique perspective. The world knows you exist as you are the one to guide the main character Niko throughout their adventure. Without giving away too much, the game manages to break the fourth wall frequently both through dialogue sequences and the puzzles which makes it stand out to me. If you are considering buying this game, here are a few things to note about the gameplay. This game is not an RPG, there is no combat, experience or party system. The choices you make in your journey may matter, but they aren't as impactful as a game such as Undertale. To me, this is a type of game that you stop and smell the flowers as you are guiding Niko throughout this world.Of all the games to release in 2016, OneShot was one of the ones to have stood out to me. While other story rich games I took my time to beat, this one managed to hold my attention well enough for me to 100% it within a few days. I would totally recommend buying this game as it is well worth its price.Update: So I just beat the Solstice update in one sitting and it was absolutely amazing. It adds an entirely new path as well as answers many questions I had to do with the story, makes use of in-game locations that were previously untapped on and adds new characters, art and music. If you already have the game, I would absolutely recommend you replay it and if you have been eyeing this game for a while then definitely pick it up now. The developer ticks the boxes for everything I love about an independent game developer, especially for this new free content update."
76561198000402623,Recommended,420530,33739066,Posted: 23 July,all,Zombiecat,"Niko needs your help to get home.At it's core, Oneshot is a cute, dreamlike puzzle adventure game. You progress by exploring your surroundings, talking to NPCs, picking up objects and interacting with your environment to progress. At least that's what it seems at first.I wasn't expecting an experience more immersive than a VR headset.Oneshot interacts with you, the player and Niko in many surreal ways. Through its plot and mechanics, it makes you question what is real and what is fake in both the game and real world. It employs some creative and clever use of game mechanics which I won't spoil here but it's simple yet impressive at the same time. The characters are very endearing, especially Niko, and I'm amazed how short it took for me to care for them.  Graphics look simple but are totally on point, with charming illustrated cutscenes coupled with the subtle but beautiful soundtrack which makes for a dreamlike atmosphere.Oneshot is not a very long game. But the memories will stay with you long after you close the game window. I put this game in the same league as Undertale and To the Moon."
,Recommended,420530,33330098,Posted: 6 July,all,Brian C. (The Schmaltzy Cynic),"Meta-games by their nature are spoiled by knowing anything more than what you don’t know, and One Shot is no different. However, if you are familiar with The Stanley Parable, Undertale or Pony Island, I don’t believe the experience is sullied whether you have some expectations or none. Even if you think you may be worn out by these meta-narratives, OS manages to offer something completely refreshing to warrant you experiencing the surprises it has in store.Spoiler Free Recommendation: Try the Freeware VersionUnfortunately for review purposes, it’s impossible to critique these games without some spoilers that may ruin the experience, and rather than suggest you should buy a game without any expectations and risk not liking it before a refund, I would suggest you download the original from 2014. It’s freeware; it takes an hour to complete; and even the puzzles, while similar, do not ruin the surprises if you were to go into the remake without a clue.People who lambaste OS for being in the shadow of Undertale are being ignorant; they do not realize this is a remake fit for a full-purchase similar to Cave Story+ and The Stanley Parable. When people criticize the lack of originality with shared ideas, I think people put too much emphasis on originality rather than realizing ideas can be arrived at by different people at different times; the execution is what matters the most.  If you are concerned there is not enough content compared to the freeware version, rest assured that OS adds not only an amazing amount of polish in its art style and technical improvements but also the game and story have been given new content to make it unique.If you do intend to play the freeware version, you should know that remake fixes a lot of technical issues. Besides the new content, the remake does not suffer the limitations of RPGMaker by its UI, the lack of full-screen and control bindings, nor does the game punish you if you close the game in the wrong place. The only risk you have for trying it is that you’ll have to replay the same content when you purchase it, but there are moments that allow you to bypass the explanations of puzzles the second time around.The Element of Surprise is BoredomAs you might expect with a game originally designed from RPGMaker, the gameplay is a simplified adventure-game with puzzles reliant on collecting objects, combining them and rubbing them on objects to progress the narrative. There is more to OS than a great narrative behind the gameplay; however, revealing what that is will be to the detriment of finding it out for yourself. Unfortunately, when it comes to these meta-games, OS suffers more than its competitors by relying too much on its meta-puzzles as well as narrative rather than the core gameplay to compel the player to continue.This isn’t to say OS is padded as the adventure-game puzzles paces out the meta-puzzles from overstaying their welcome.  It’s simply not as interesting as the non-combat system of Undertale nor the choice-and-consequence system of The Stanley Parable. However meaningful the boring puzzles are to the narrative it is perhaps what may keep people from finishing the game. Unless you enjoy the appeal of interacting with NPCs, exploring environments and reading flavor-text in the absurdist style of Earthbound, I imagine many people buying OS without knowing what’s in store will refund the game before they ever finish their one shot of enjoying the experience of the “fifth” wall of storytelling.What is the ”Fifth” Wall Storytelling?If Undertale popularized the fourth-wall storytelling in the vein of Earthbound with a more self-critical look at the role of the player in games and how much power they possess—and how terrifying that power is—then the remake of One Shot has created a fifth-wall of storytelling to examine the masquerade of self-awareness not only about games but also of artificial intelligence.For those not familiar with the concept of the fourth-wall, it is addressing the audience as a character/role in a story. Jokes at the expense of the absurd nature of the illusion of fiction; self-aware comments at the tropes or expectations of a genre; turning conventions of a medium on its head for examination. All these aspects are what I believe many people are familiar with when people mention “breaking the fourth-wall” or when they think of characters like Deadpool or any character from James Joyce. (What? Can’t someone enjoy both?)In terms of games, The Stanley Parable is the best demonstration of the conflict of fourth-wall storytelling: The Narrator/Author, the Character (Stanley) and the Player. The interplay of these conflicts and the comedic value of the tug-of-war of agency creates the jokes and the “unintended” consequences of your choices. The reality, however, is every new dialogue and quip you unlock is one more moment where the actors pretend to be surprised on an outcome that was considered before you pressed a button.What is the fifth-wall and what makes it different? The fifth-wall is a fictional audience both the real audience as well as the characters address both in a literal sense. This is not a misunderstanding created between the real audience and the characters seeing one-another as unreal like god. The audience-in-the-middle is as much of a character as the real audience is and both are distinct characters in the role of the story.In terms of One Shot, the conflicts revolve around the main character, Niko, and the many other characters in the world; the player acting as a god-entity; the software itself as the narrator; and the files on your computer acting as the Author. Many games would conflate the idea of the creator being one with the software or recognizing the player’s avatar as the creator; however, in the case of One Shot there is a schism of these roles and of their power. The result is the characters are as much as “real” to the player as the player is to the world, the files and the software as the program recognizes your role when you launch the software, One Shot.You Literally Only Get “ONE” ShotAs you might imagine, this tagline is setting false expectations as no one would be happy to pay for a game you can only complete once, but OS manages to get away with this lie to benefit the narrative that the original lacked with its limited scope of a one-and-only-one run.Throughout the first run, this idea will slowly come to be realized when you notice the software as well as the Author are manipulating you with having you grow attachments, however small, to Niko and the world. You’re ultimately put into a choice of saving the needs of the many or the few, and the result will leave you wanting to replay the game to find some alternative. Before the Solstice update, there was no alternative—now, however, there is a True Ending that explains and expands upon the fifth-wall storytelling as you interact from the game windows of your screen, the files in your folder and the characters wanting to express themselves as being more than simply codes on the screen.Coding in One Shot is more than programed responses in a game as the emphasis on how both organics and robotics NPCs have various levels of capabilities and self-awareness. Unlike Undertale that manipulated your emotions to demonize completionist attitudes and punish replaying the game, OS goes for a more light-hearted approach of control that tests your suspension of disbelief on how real characters are in a program to recognize the humanity in them. In many ways, I think OS was so effective in displaying the appearance of self-awareness of AI that when you let the game end and everyone go the satisfaction of letting them live their lives with an idyllic image of peace is more rewarding than the guilt-tripping of Undertale of begging you not to play it again.(Note: You can “true” reset the game like Undertale, so there is no “One” run.)"
,Recommended,420530,32883179,Posted: 27 June,all,McMind,"Good puzzles, which are breaking the fourth wall + great characters =OneShot"
76561198198600659,Recommended,420530,30750592,Posted: 26 March,all,Aircraft 🐧,Such a good game. Lovely Characters especially Niko and a well suitable soundtrack.The Stunning End got me. Love this game
76561198079423555,Recommended,420530,34096651,Posted: 7 August,all,CaptainSideburns,"I want to write a funny review...but this game deserves everything I can give it.OneShot isn't just a game....OneShot is an experience.It's a journey that teaches you about sacrifices and choices that you don't want to make, but have to.It's a lesson that teaches you to think both outside and inside the box, quite literally.It's a whole other world that needs your help, and you have the choice of if you want to help it or not.It's the most immersive game I've ever played, and one of the most heartfelt pieces of art I've ever had the honor of experiencing. 10/10"
,Recommended,420530,31157600,Posted: 15 April,all,NBlast,"In short, OneShot is scaled down Undertale on tons of chill pills.What we are dealing with is a top-down adventure game built around exploration, simple puzzle solving and little expectation subversing. Just like in Undertale, the game is best approached without any information learned or gameplay seen before playing it yourself. That's why I won't go into details on many important aspects that OneShot tackles. What you need to know is that the game succeeds on this front and really delivers some clevel ideas here and there.In opposition to Undertale, OneShot's atmosphere is quite heavy, melancholic and dark. Soundtrack and great visuals really sell us depressing, but in many ways beautiful, view on the dying world devoid of natural sunlight. Use of neon phosphorus colors really adds up and the game, despite using classic pixel art, still stands out from the crowd in a positive way. Creepy music nicely punctuates some more spooky moments filling all the important gaps in the presentation, which in return, benefits game's characters and world building in a great way.On the topic of characters, there needs to be at least a small mention of Niko. If you didn't notice that yet, the main character really steals the show with his/her adorableness engines running on all cylinders. Niko ends up as one of the strongest points of the game and a character that you will grow fond of extremely fast. ObligatoryI will defend this smile from shackles of the cruel worldand{CURRENT_YEAR} Cinnamon Roll Award Nomineememes are quite valid here.While OneShot is all around very polished and honest effort, in my judgment it feels somewhat small in scope and ambitions. The game can be finished in 4-5 hours and while there are some side activities to get more playtime, it ends quite abruptly without really unleashing its full potential. You travel through zones fast, meeting new people and experiencing events in quite swift pace. It really gives the impression that there should be at least one additional layer to the game: an additional area, more side stories or maybe a gameplay mechanic that could beef up the game a bit. Aside from that subjective complaint, the title lacks a bit in the variety department while in context of visited places. OneShot's world often consists of long stretches of fields without any landmarks or points of interests and because of that I found myself lost on several occasions. Nothing major, but I wanted to point this out.All in all, OneShot is an adventure worth taking. While you shouldn't consider it your next ""big"" indie title, this little cuddly ball of game is priced accordingly and offers quite an interesting and satisfying experience with excellent presentation, good story and remarkable ideas. Without bigger hesitation, I can only leave a honest thumb up here,EDIT:After experiencing the Solstice Update...I take back my world about ""not unleashing the full potential"". Solstice update fixes that suprisingly well, with new content, story bits and world building that makes the game pretty much more ""whole"". I was expecting only small changes by taking a NewGame+ route... I wasverywrong.To keep it simple without spoiling... This update adressed some of my problems described in the review. This can only boost up my previous recommendation."
76561198005846212,Recommended,420530,30206626,Posted: 26 February,all,BakaSchwarz,"I really feel like s**t after finishing OneShot. There is not much i can say without spoiling something, but just be aware, that there are not always best choices and it sometimes boils down to what your heart tells you.I see some people here comparing it to Undertale. To some degree, i can concur, but in Undertale i always felt like it was obvious what the right moral choices were.So, will you like OneShot? Well, since you're already here, reading this review, you seem to at least have no problems with the pixel art (which are always on point btw) so it comes down to gameplay and story. Both of them are good. You get an especially deep bound with the main protagonist Niko, who is just the most adorable kitten! (Do NOT tell Niko!)So yeah, i recommend this game without explaining anything further, because just like Undertale, i think the pals who enjoyed it the most where those going in blind.EDIT: I feel like i have to add a few words after the solstice update. So here goes:Play it, like, right now....Still here?You need more?Okay.The solstice update adds more stuff, like the update notes say. Fair enough. What it does not say, however, is that it's a total game changer and feels most rewarding after waiting for it to come out.Without spoiling stuff let's just say there were certain things that still needed to be explained and a huge countdown indicated that there was more to come.I am very excited that this was a big one.You can go play now. Peace out."
76561197992532631,Recommended,420530,28265844,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,candle~,"OneShotA Lightbulb, A Child, and a Dying WorldOneShot is an incredible game. The word ""experience"" is often tossed around to describe a game, but I can say without guilt that OneShot, without a doubt, is a truly unique, surreal, and unforgettable experience. What it lacks in replayability or conventional gameplay mechanics it makes up for in a unique story rife with melancholy and a vague, ever-dwindling sense of hope.OneShot isn't exactly laden with choices, though the ones you make certainly do matter. It's not an open-ended experience with a multitude of options. It's a much more slow-paced and thoughtful experience. As you progress through the game you slowly begin to realize that you may have to make a truly impossible choice. Little hints and scraps of knowledge are precious, and objective information to guide you in your decisions are far and few in between. You grow ever more attached to the world and Niko. You begin to realize what's at stake.During my playthrough, I was almost entirely immersed in the experience, and, save for a few slightly clunky moments and minor issues, I didn't really get into the ""just a game"" mindset. Though it doesn't have realistic graphics and sound design, this serves the game well. The unique, surreal look of the world made me grow genuinely attached to it. The music is beautiful, often downright haunting.By this point, if you're the sort that doesn't really enjoy narrative experiences and prefer more conventional video games, I'm sure you're not particularly impressed or interested - And that's totally fine. I want to make it very clear that OneShot isn't something everyone can play and love - It's somewhat unconventional. It's more of an interactive narrative than a troo vidya game. If you're looking for raw gameplay it's a ""walking simulator."" But wowie, it does some interesting stuff even so. Plus, the little pat-pat footsteps of Niko's feet are oddly satisfying.The BadJust wanted to get this out of the way!Most people put the bad towards the end of the review, but I prefer to end with on a more positive note. Even with a proper conclusion, I like focusing on the good throughout the review.Regardless, let’s get onto the problems. I found the UI and default control scheme to be a tad uncomfortable at first. I quickly warmed up to it, but even the rebinding was rather difficult. I applaud them for including rebinding keys at all though, considering how many games forget it entirely...Beyond that, I had some additional issues with the UI. Hilariously enough I accidentally attempted to “Craft” two items together – A strong, potentially dangerous steel pipe, and a really fragile item of vital importance. Hilariously enough, the game made light of it and gave me an achievement. Thankfully, nothing broke!Additionally, I could see a few of the game’s “unique” features working improperly under certain circumstances. I did not have this problem, however. More details in the gameplay section.The GameplayI’m not like the others! It’s not a phase, mom!At first glance, OneShot's gameplay is pretty conventional. It’s got a sort of RPGMaker or point-and-click style of gameplay. You pick up various objects to solve puzzles, occasionally crafting them together or interacting with the environment to make new ones. It’s nothing ridiculously challenging. Occasionally you may need to obtain certain passwords or passcodes. A few rooms in particular, including the very first may be somewhat confusing, but I found the gameplay to be, overall, in that sweet spot between coddling the player and being too hard to progress at a reasonable rate. I never felt like I had no idea what to do and I occasionally felt pretty good about figuring something out quickly or getting an item from an area people might not think to look in at first.Where OneShot really begins to diverge from the norm, however, is in something that, unfortunately, I can’t easily describe in detail. It’s a bit of a spoiler. What I can say is that the fourth wall isn’t always clear. For me, I found it helped immerse me further, but I could see it causing some issues in certain situations or taking someone out of it a bit. I thought it was an interesting little idea and thought it was a good addition that helps make it stand out. It fits right in with the themes of the game.The AtmosphereIt’s Daylight Saving Time.OneShot’s atmosphere is amazing. It’s virtually perfect. It’s haunting, beautiful, and charming – It has a soul to it, and that’s something many games really lack. Really, that’s one of the best ways to describe the entire game – It’s something truly unique. It’s hard to even put it into categories when it comes to the setting and themes. There’s this vague, eerie feeling about so much of the world – It’s great. It doesn’t force it in a heavy-handed manner. There aren’t bloodied hospital walls, distant screams, or unnatural aberrations trying to murder you. There’s just a dying world that you can’t understand.It’s all kept somewhat vague and surreal – There are no full, lore-laden explanations for everything. You aren’t taught the very mechanics of the world. You don’t know the true intent of everyone you meet. You can’t even know if you’re making the right choices. That constant sense of a distant, yet muddled familiarity permeates the game. Familiar surroundings give way to artificial trees, abandoned skyscrapers, their purpose long-forgotten, and celestial pools of… neato glowy stuff. This truly alien environment with the mundane thrown in makes for a more sinister, eerie experience than many dedicated horror games.  Absolutely amazing.The art and music of the game are absolutely superb. The character portraits are expressive and rather endearing. The more conventional artwork often used as a sort of cinematic is adorable. The music is similarly great. It’s haunting, pensive, and, like so much of the game, very unique.The StoryNow this is a story all about how Niko’s life got flipped-turned upside down.While I can’t say much about the specifics of the story in order to avoid spoilers… It’s good. Really, really good. It follows Niko, a young, adorable catpersonthing of ambiguous gender and origin. There’s a variety of characters still living in the gradually dying world you visit, and they are all very memorable in their own way. One particular, optional side-“quest” made me cry. Godspeed, plantgirl.The story builds up to one final, climactic moment. You will see it coming, but that will make it no less emotional or dramatic. You will have to question everything and desperately try to answer an impossible question.And you only have one shot.TITLE DROP~Conclusionits good yoOneShot is a haunting, beautiful, and emotional experience. While it certainly won’t be everyone’s cup of tea, it’s most definitely worth experiencing.Oh, and no. It’s not an Undertale clone. It existed before Undertale came out. They’re very different, though both have a similar emphasis on subverting certain tropes, forming a memorable world and cast of characters, and creating unique variants of gameplay systems. I just figured I’d mention that.Disclosure: I’ve played longer than the steam time. Steam time is wonky! I also have no connection to any developers or publishers of the game. I’m not a shill or whatever. Please don’t lynch me.Thank you for reading! ♥"
,Recommended,420530,33834275,Posted: 27 July,all,WilliePete [8thMB],"In an age of soulless cash grabbing game titles and the absolute absence of innovation, of any feeling of ""love"" put into the work, OneShot is about as refresing as a cold sweet tea in 100 degree heat.If you're looking for ""gameplay"" in its typically understood sense, that being action or other sense-stimulating activities, you're not going to find too much here. But OneShot isn't about chewing through baddies or dodging projectiles. If it was, that's not where it would shine. No, play this game for its narrative, its context, and its interaction with YOU. Read, explore, get to know these characters. Get immersed. Get engrossed. Trust me, the game makes it easy for you. Sink your teeth into it and don't let go until the journey is done.I don't praise modern games lightly, there's a lot to criticize these days. Indie games in particular get the magnifying glass from me. This passed all tests. Whatever it lacks in one department, it makes up in the delivery of much more than you could possibly ask for in others.I was recommended this game by the YouTuber and ameteur critic, MisterCaption. A quick perusal of his channel will reveal his extremely critical, almost brutally cynical, opinions on video games and their flaws. Not this one. He told us to go play it straight away. I was not let down.I was shocked. At the end I was nearly in tears. You will be too.9.5/10"
,Recommended,420530,28464926,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Yoru-Umbry,"Now lemme just say how beloved this game honestly is.You're spending your time saving lives of a decaying world, bringing back their light they lost before.But you're not just simply walking through and meeting characters, no.YOUare involved by the side of the protagonist.YOUAND the protagonist must cooperate to solve these puzzles. Guiding them through the world, the both of you are clueless to what you're into.The world is actuallyAWAREof your existence, even sending youerror messages or changing your wallpaperto give clues on how to help solve the puzzle.Then let me just give a moment to talk about howbeautifulthe art honestly is, the game gives closer visual on how the area looks, every detail is given a loving care to.Beware those veterans of the game, as well as new players (Potential spoiler for new players, please be cautious)The game is not yet over, there is more to it than you think. Even small updates has some new things, SOMETHING will change each time you jump back in. Something big is coming, we won't know what it will be until the time comes, but be ready.I highly recommend giving this game some time and love, it's wonderful <3"
,Recommended,420530,28962038,Posted: 2 January,all,Jack-O-Lime,"Updated TL;DR at the bottom of this UPDATED section.-------UPDATED: 27th of March, 2017 - The Solstice Update-------Well, folks, they did it. The Solstice Update is out, and it's one hell of a ride.As if the game wasn't chock-full of fourth wall-breaking mind-screwing, they've somehow one-upped themselves and made another few hours of content filled with tension, horror, and in the end, a finale that made me cry the hardest I have in a long time - and not just since the game's original ending.The past few hours playing the content introduced in this update have been spent being more immersed in OneShot than I ever have any other piece of media, and that's without a word of hyperbole.I will never forget this game, this world. OneShot is nothing short of a masterpiece, and that's high praise I almost never bestow.UPDATED TL;DRThe sheer intensity, mind-screwing and emotional impact found in the immense climax that is The Solstice Update elevates OneShot to the status ofabsolute must-buy.-------ORIGINAL REVIEW: 2nd of January, 2016 - Shortly After Release-------TL;DR at the bottom!OneShot is a relatively short RPG in which you are a character. Not just playing as a character,youare a character. Where some games break the fourth wall in some interesting ways, OneShot reaches out, grabs you by the scruff of your neck and pulls you in. On a scale of 1 to 10 of meta, Undertale is an 11. But OneShot, OneShot's a 12.But it's not being meta just for the sake of showing off the developer's creativity. I won't give anything away here as it's best that you experience it blind, but it really helps to connect the player with the people of the world, especially the protagonist, a cat-like child named Niko (who is absolutely adorable, by the way).Speaking of the world, the story is simple enough, Niko wakes up in a strange, unfamiliar house and finds a lightbulb. This is the sun of a dying world, and it is his mission as the world's messiah to journey to a tower in the center of the world and restore the sun. It sounds too simple to enjoy but, believe me, giving away what makes it interesting would be spoiling part of the experience.Along the way, you'll have plenty of people to talk to that flesh out the world and its areas and many puzzles to contend with. The character designs vary heavily from area to area, and are each very distinct and look excellent, as do the areas themselves.The music deserves special praise, doing a wonderful job adding to the ambience of different scenes. No spoilers, but it really helped in setting up scenes where I almost wanted to grab my monitor and call out to Niko. Yes, I know, I'm a massive softie, but getting me to go that far deserves attention. Nothing has ever been set up that got me to respond to a character like that before.TL;DROneShot is an amazingly creative game, with exquisite visuals, music and a story that is simple but given immense weight by how the developer pulls you through the fourth wall and into the game world (quite literally). Definitely worth your money.The original freeware version is still available, but the paid version massively trumps it in visuals, length and in how well it breaks the fourth wall. If you're really skeptical, I would suggest trying it first, but otherwise go straight for the paid version so as little is spoiled as possible."
,Recommended,420530,28350047,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Edgy,If I had a 70 billion dollars I would buy this game for every person on earth.
76561198134434981,Recommended,420530,28780036,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Munabi,"The game was a short, but a fun experience.The art is great and the world was immersive.The characters were likable, but felt a bit lacking.However, I still believe the game is worth your time."
,Recommended,420530,32195306,Posted: 5 June,all,Klowbi,A touching story that you will never regret for spendingmoney on it.
76561198065026711,Recommended,420530,28285151,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,QuantumLeap215,"This is one of the very few games that had me legitimately conflicted over an in game decision. I mean you play Infamous and it's either ""Yeah I'd better be a good guy"" or ""Screw that we're going full evil."" You play Bastion and you save Zulf if you liked him and leave him if you didn't. You play Undertale and, well, Undertale was pretty hard too.This game is no doubt going to be compared to Undertale on every front, so I'll break it down real quick.Music: Undertale has catchier songs and tunes, but OneShot has stronger atmosphere.Gameplay: Undertale is more similiar to Final Fantasy (with combat and most items being equips) while OneShot is like Myst (puzzling out problems using objects and tools in the environment)Story: Can't say much here because both games lose at least half the experience when spoiled, but the closest I can say is that Undertale is about the player as THE character while OneShot is about the player as A character. If that makes any sense.Graphical Style: Undertale seems to take monsters or animals or objects and give them human-like features, while OneShot is almost the opposite with human-shaped characters with very, uh, ""distinguishing"" features.Both games are great, but seeing as this is a review specifically for OneShot I'd give it an 8/10 because of awesome mechanics that don't get used as much as I wanted them to."
,Recommended,420530,28873992,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,tjace,"Excellent, the less you know the better."
,Recommended,420530,28320808,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Zaptoshi The CoolPikachu™,"Guiding a cat-like child protagonist throughout the world, you have to decide. What will you save?- Direct player to protagonist bonding and the player is able to talk back to the protagonist.- Short and fun interactions where you can make your bond stronger.- Simple, yet lovable characters to like throughout the adventure.- Puzzles that break the game's boundaries, literally.- Fourth Wall breaking is normal.- Game don't like ya and talks smack back at ya.- Many other interactions could mean something or nothing, depending on your choices.- Never be fully satisfied with your decisions, that's life.Also have to say compared to the original version, this steam version is more forgiving.In a way.""IT'S TIME TO FIGHT CRIME"""
,Recommended,420530,28538697,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,PresidentBJ,"I feel that it's a crime that this is not getting as much attention as it deserves. Chracters are Great, Music's Great, Atmosphere's Great, and that Story ooh it's Meta. GOTY 2016"
76561198018808160,Recommended,420530,32577605,Posted: 19 June,all,dazogog,"Its a bit like undertale, but without the cancer community... Self-aware and clever. 9/10 would recommend"
76561198043764997,Recommended,420530,28340496,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Izzy,"Feels out of 10, would ride a roomba again. Don't you dare harm my Niko."
76561198139696078,Recommended,420530,32077185,Posted: 30 May,all,teel,"10/10I cried because im never going to see Niko again, he literally walked off my ♥♥♥♥ing screen and im so upset, i miss him so much."
,Recommended,420530,28264829,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Mutant Renegade,"Holy crap. I've been following this game since the demo version came out a few years back and the extended version is just so amazing, the story is gripping, the visuals are great and i did not realize how much the soundtrack had imbedded itself into my heart until i started playing this again today. If you liked undertale's story you will find this one enjoyable as well. Please buy this game.Solstice Update:Words fail me. You need to play this game. The story is gripping and will lead you on a rollercoaster of emotions. I have not had a game hit me this hard in a really long time. The writing in superb and comes off as very personal and almost even stream of consious at points. You can tell the dev team poured their heart and soul into this game because it shines through at every chance it gets.  The game as a whole is amazingly written with a fantastic soundtrack to match and the update patch has amped both of those up by 11. It's a game that will still emotionally imapct you if it's your very first playthrough your 100th playtrough. Easily my favorite game of this year so far and I can't imagine anything topping that."
76561198013939830,Recommended,420530,30669714,Posted: 22 March,all,snowyowl0,"It sounds great, looks great, and tells a cute and surreal story. If you've played and enjoyed other RPG Maker games like Ib, OFF, or Yume Nikki, you will love OneShot.OneShot is best played unspoiled. Having said that, I will now spoil the heck out of it.The gameplay is mainly about using puzzle items in the right order on the right object, with the occasional logic puzzle or outside-the-box puzzle mixed in. The puzzles are signposted well - often NPCs will give you hints when you get stuck, and a handful have multiple solutions. Items you can pick up will flash gently on the overworld, so you can identify them easily. Despite that, the world of Oneshot is quite large and it's sometimes possible to miss an item, or the entrance to an area. If you don't mind exploring, that's fine, there's lots of things to look at and interact with anyway. But you may need to consult a guide sometimes, to see if there's an item you've missed, or to solve a couple of the more farfetched puzzles.The sound is lovely. The music, obviously - my favourite song is On Little Cat Feet, the song that plays in the third area. It's inspiring and catchy, but doesn't distract you while you're solving puzzles. Other highlights of the music are the authentic elevator music, and the strange mechanical noise that's plays when the antagonist talks. But it's not just music! Everything from the sound of your footsteps to the baa-ing of rams is a delight to hear. Well, except for the baa-ing of one particular ram. It must be unwell.This game excels at mood. The world is plunged into eternal night after the death of the sun, and people rely on artificial light and bioluminescent creatures to see their way. Every area is illuminated by twinkling lights and multicoloured lamps, all rendered in loving and gorgeous pixel art. Yet the world is populated. People are living and thriving and often happy, in spite of the slow death of their world. Combined with the (often minor-key) music, this all creates a bittersweet mood that permeates the game and gives its world some real impact. And a strange world it is, too. It has robots, bird children, people with household objects for heads, and whatever Niko is. Settings from acid wastelands to exotic ruins to red-glowing skyscrapers. There's always something new to discover, and nearly every object has some flavour text to reward exploration.Thematically, the game sets up, demolishes, rebuilds, and eventually throws away the notion of ""saving the world"". The protagonist Niko is constantly described as a ""saviour"", foretold in prophecy as the one who will bring back the sun. But many of the world's problems have nothing to do with the sun and will not be solved by returning it. Some NPCs argue that Niko's quest is futile because of that. But the perfect is the enemy of the good. Even though they are not perfect, Niko is a force for good in the world - repairing machines, clearing passageways, and listening to people in their time of need. Although the world is doomed, they do their part to make it better (but are they fixing it, or just easing its passing?). Of the possible endings, neither is acknowledged as the ""good"" ending. And neither lets you save everyone, but you can always save something.To disagree with my fellow reviewers: I question the ""choices matter"" tag - the narrative is fairly straightforward, and there is one choice that really matters at the very end of the game. As the title suggests, you only get one shot and you won't be able to go back on it. Your choice will matter, but it's not the branching narrative you may expect. And the comparison to Undertale has been made. Both games have excellent music, a plot about a small child travelling across a foreign world to return home, and both break the fourth wall to play with the player-protagonist distinction. But Oneshot has no combat, no ""good"" or ""evil"" storylines, and is in many other ways a completely different game.In closing: A hidden gem with a meta story. Come for the fourth-wall shenanigans, stay for the adorable scene of Niko eating pancakes."
,Recommended,420530,33571218,Posted: 15 July,all,yed_,"It is a bit boring at first, but when you overcome that part, it turns out as a really great out-of-box experience."
,Recommended,420530,30499479,Posted: 13 March,all,Ⓗⓐⓓⓘ,"9/10This is a puzzle adventure game that has a bigger emphasis on story rather than gameplay if you don't like these kinda games you probably won't like this one, but I sure did. I'm not going to talk about the game because it's best to experience it blind, so I will just list a few pros and cons.Pros• It breaks the fourth wall a lot of times• Three possible endings• Fast Travel which makes the game less tedious• Controller support which is nice• You and the main character are separate people• Mechanics outside of the game's window• The puzzels are clever and easy• The update with the new ending is very good and I recommend you to complete it if you have the gameCons• You dont get to spend much time with the main characters (other than Niko)• The game is a bit too short• The puzzels are a bit too easy• Getting the new ending can be easy to mess up at the beginning"
,Recommended,420530,32909824,Posted: 27 June,all,Whitemesh,"OneShot... what a wonderful game!Where do I begin? *Deep breath* The game is a wonderful, go-at-your-own-pace puzzle narrative with many wonderful characters, fun little distractions, and love-ability.To elaborate, the game has you playing through it's world at your own pace. There are many unique puzzles and gameplay mechanics that flow really well with the story and what it wants you to do. I never felt as if I was having my hand held throughout the entire playtime. It gave me just enough to get through, and all the characters, moments, and story that happens are powerful and emotional.Now I will say that it does have a resemblance to Undertale, but it is very well its own game.I would highly recommend this game to anybody who likes well balanced puzzles and excellent narrative."
,Recommended,420530,35075695,Posted: 19 September,all,ShugoRyuu,"Okay, so listen.When I first looked at buying this game, I looked through reviews. It's overwhelmingly positive when I started looking (still is at the time of writing this) and I was just being sure, I was just curious.Most were pretty vauge (not that I'm that steller clear either) but overwhemingly... (you guessed it) positive. Like, not a bad one I came across. But partially down I hit a review that said ""STOP READING REVIEWS NOW. GO PLAY THE GAME. YOU NEED TO GO IN COMPLETELY BLIND!"" And, well, I figured, it's $10 bucks and I'm already curious so what the heck. So I did......so. A word of advice?GO IN COMPLETELY BLIND.It is.... SO good and it's SO GOOD not knowing and being suprised and delighted and intruiged and just, don't read spoilers, don't watch let's plays, just GO PLAY IT. You wont regret it.It is a fantastic game in every sense of the phrase. Everything."
,Recommended,420530,28306041,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,「あいぇ　せえん　あ　すくぅ」็,"Best game to spam your friends with ""PERSON IS NOW PLAYING GAME"" messages.10/10 would annoy friends again"
,Recommended,420530,33903288,Posted: 30 July,all,ciliorkun18,"Words, are not enough to explain this experience. Just buy the game and play it."
,Recommended,420530,32883648,Posted: 27 June,all,TheTyde,"Great story, wonderfull characters, beutiful art, nice and fitting sound track. It is really fun to be involved with this game!"
,Recommended,420530,28736758,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,YieldingBusiness,"OneShot is a game that likes to take advantage of your computer when it can, from making documents and whole applications in your files to even changing your desktop wallpaper. Whenever you see a working computer in this game, always expect stuff like this to happen, just to let you know.[Minor spoilers inbound]This game is not just any ordinary game that likes to mess with your computer though. At the beginning of the game, you assume the control of a person (or cat...?) named Niko, and it is your main objective to return the sun, which is in the form of a large lightbulb, to a tower in the center of civilization. The most interesting thing about this is that there is a presence that knows of your existence and controlling of Niko that speaks to you through computers, and because of the presence speaking through the computer monitor (and even sometimes through text boxes on your own monitor!), Niko comes to learn of your existence and pretty much accepts you as a companion. Throughout the rest of the game, Niko refers to you for advice, openly speaks to you when doing actions and even sometimes compliments you for being so smart (which I kinda do like every once in a while...).Most of the time, I was just running around the vast environment trying to piece together how to solve the puzzles layed before me, and I must admit I had to refer to a walkthrough a couple times. Once I actually solved the puzzles though and got a feel for them, I thought they were pretty simple, though the scattered layout of puzzle items and confusing geography made it a chore to find what I needed. Most of these puzzles require reading pages and interrogating people to find out what goes where and what step to do things in. The side characters you meet in certain parts are never really heard from for the rest of the game, though I think some of them are memorable enough. The atmosphere is done pretty well, depicting a world on the verge of collapse.But eventually it comes down to one choice. You better choose wisely, for you only have one shot."
76561198038145523,Recommended,420530,29305782,Posted: 16 January,all,SUS CAC,"I have literally never felt more emotional attachment to any video game character in my entire life.This game is incredibly emotional and subversive, and will keep you dwelling on your actions long after the credits roll.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,420530,28283418,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Ace of Spades,"Spoiler FreeWhatever you do, avoid spoilers at all costs. I have nothing but good things to say about this amazing game. It offers an experience unlike anything else, but you have to play for yourself to find out what I mean. Quite easily became one of my favorites."
76561198106414786,Recommended,420530,33623195,Posted: 17 July,all,MechGruber,"Most heartwarming game I've ever played10/10 for that aloneNo battles... just walking, puzzles, good dialogue, and some extremely meta moments that will blow your mindGive it a shot"
,Recommended,420530,33454541,Posted: 11 July,all,RigorMortys,I got jumpscared by a penguin
,Recommended,420530,29157500,Posted: 9 January,all,Akka,"Don't wait until it's too lateA top down rpg maker game where the player is directly communicated to as a diety. You and an adorable cat messiah child trek around the collapsing dystopian world, mesmerized by the stellar art style and the subtle glowing hues accompanying each location.This game distinguishes itself by including several uniquely challenging meta puzzles and plenty of lore to ferment over once you finish. The developer is working on an update that will solve a few burning questions, so climb in and enjoy the ride before every aspect is spoiled thanks to the internet.Clocking in around five hours, you ought to be able to finish this game in one shot."
,Recommended,420530,31860141,Posted: 20 May,all,Rufu,One of the best stories I have experienced since i started playing games....... *the feels*
,Recommended,420530,28328988,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,TheEeveeWarrior,"//EXTREMELY MINOR SPOILERS BELOW, LEARNED IN THE FIRST FIVE MINUTES//I have never played a game like this before.When you play a good game, you often feel as if your screen is a window to another world, where the events of the game actually take place. In OneShot, this happens LITERALLY. The character you play is from another world, yes, but neither your world OR the game world. You guide him through the world as an observer from beyond, a guardian spirit helping him to save the world.Because elements from that world communicate with you in YOUR world. Files on YOUR computer give you the knowledge you need to guide this child. The immersion that this creates, along with several other mechanics, is absolutely staggering.OneShot is both a game and an experience because of this. One of the most poignant memories I have is running through the first area of the game and suddenly releasing the ""run"" key because I was worried the character would get exhausted. THAT is how immersed I was in this game. THAT is how much you begin to care for the protagonist.And the ending... the last twist of the game is one that you WILL see coming a mile away, but it is still one that you will sit at for a long, long while. I have never in my life wanted more to just reach into a game and hug the main character.I don't care that this is an RPG-Maker game. I don't care that there is no combat or epic fight scenes or any of that. I don't even care that this game is a remake. As far as I'm concerned, this game is a modern-day Alice in Wonderland.OneShot is an experience that will linger with me for a long time. And I'm happy that it will.TL;DRBuy this game and hop on the feels train, we're going for a wonderful ride.I want to hug the cat child so bad.EDIT AS OF 3/27/2017This morning as of midnight, the dev released a long-awaited ""content patch"" based on the""Solstice""theme the game has been hinting at.Ho mah jeebus christ.Buy this game.BUY THIS GAME.BUY IT NOW.THE FEELS TRAIN HAS NO BRAKES.AND IT IS GLORIOUS."
,Recommended,420530,28264894,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,basicguitar,"an absolutely excellent remake. the original was already one of my all-time favourite games, and this version is something to die for. it feels just as magical as my first playthrough, without feeling stale whatsoever. the new portraits are amazingly expressive, Prophetbot is still #1 bot, and Niko feels cuter than ever. Night, Gir, and Eliza all did an incredible job with this. love you guys!"
,Recommended,420530,28415423,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Flunder Dink,"*Highly Recomend*DONT LOOK AT ANY REVIEWS THIS IS BEST EXPERIENCED BLIND JUST BUY THE DAMN THING!This game is amazing, and is so beautifly polished I can't not love every second of it.The protagonist is adorableThe mechanics and god damn amazing and cleverThe characters are awesomeThe music is fantasticI just love everything about this gamePossibly the best 10 bucks I have and ever will spend.I STILL DONT EVEN KNOW IF I'VE TRULY BEATEN IT.Also, to the devs: The clock room, Touché"
,Recommended,420530,29577674,Posted: 29 January,all,CybeR,That ending is going to stick with me for a long time.
,Recommended,420530,28910202,Posted: 1 January,all,Stormfillet,"Out of many RPGMaker games I've seen out there, OneShot is a real masterpiece. This game breaks the fourth wall in a good way that I did have a ""unique relationship between a game and its player"". The narration and gameplay is well-done, and there are moments where you'll realize that there's something in your eye.While the game is considerably short, it is a really great and immersive experience, especially with the game's unique mechanics. You'll know what I mean when you play the game.Oh, and for the love of god please play the game completely blind for the true experience."
,Recommended,420530,31014904,Posted: 8 April,all,Zenith2P,If you liked undertale then you will like this to because it is better.
,Recommended,420530,33547827,Posted: 14 July,all,Saber,One shot is one of those games that you look at it and pass it on. But dear god this game was of the most amazing and emmotional games i have ever played. I highly recomend this game to anyone who is looking for a beautiful atmosphere with an amazing plot.
,Recommended,420530,28348858,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Cubbysablo,"For those of you who completed the original OneShot game and are wondering if it's the same content, I can safely assure you that it's not. The base areas like the Barrens, Glen, etc are similar in style, but not identical. There are also new areas, and the puzzles are very different.Also, quitting the game won't kill you this time, thankfully. But it does affect the in-game world somewhat.Anyway, about the ending............I won't spoil it for you. Find out for yourself :)"
76561198374318238,Recommended,420530,31514583,Posted: 2 May,all,Obsyas,"So, it's been 14 hours since I've finished this game.Also 14 hours of how long I've been crying.But OneShot is a masterpiece in my opinion despite being an indie-pixel game.You have Niko, a young adorable little cat child lost in an world that isn't where he belongs in. But he places all of his faith, and judgement, into you.You are known in this world, not as a person, but as a god and or goddess.You are to help guide Niko through the strange world of where light doesn't exist anymore.It once existed, but it has long faded away.And Niko has the Sun.You are to guide him to the Tower, where the sun once shined over the land of which Niko stands on.And he must replace it with the new one.But replacing the sun has a consequence...And that consequence affects ONLY Niko.Not you.The choice will be hard once you've made it though. Niko will trust your judgement of which choice YOU will pick.Choose wisely.I'm not gonna go any further though, since I'm still crying and I'm probably gonna type nonsense and more spoilers from here on if I continue.Either way I recommend it. The story is beautiful, sentimental, and most importantly, unforgetable. The puzzles are a fair challenge aswell.You won't regret spending 10$ on this. I promise.Words of caution though.Remember this. *Little bit of more spoilers below. Don't read if you don't want it!*Your actions here will affect Niko.Your ""Mission"" is to help Niko leave.And most importantly.You only have one shot.*Solistice Update :*well thats another 12 hours of non-stop crying"
,Recommended,420530,28545068,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Cfried,"I have recently finished this game and the only thing I can say is this: wow. The game makes an impact upon whoever plays it. This, combined with the innovative mechanics of the game, make it all the more unique of an experience."
,Recommended,420530,31311771,Posted: 22 April,all,Jamm,would actually kill for niko10/10come for 5 hoursleave never because cute cat is life
,Recommended,420530,29936881,Posted: 14 February,all,BrokenPaw,"Protect the smol cat boy.Do it, or I will squash you like bug.This game is great and I'm crying while typing this review out, idc."
,Recommended,420530,28451067,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Ever爪ore the Fѳѳl,"Nice and interesting characters.Cool and beautiful artstyle.Fun and charming writing.Breaks 4th dimension, or whatever it is called.I loved it. I enjoyed myself.I laughed and I felt sad.It made me think, or rather wonder, ponder. I'm not sure what.It just... yeah."
76561198017289101,Recommended,420530,33304637,Posted: 6 July,all,Kwazymofo,"“Hey. This Oneshot game has gotten to an overall overwhelmingly positive review average on steam. I wonder if I should buy it?”If a thought similar to this is going through your head presently than I hope my review can be of assistance. If you’re just going through the steam reviews to vote on reviews based on whether they align with your opinion on the game then feel free to just leave a vote and move on.My goal with this review is to provide a more critical overview of the game as opposed to just singing its praises and telling you to buy it without explaining what it actually is. It’s going to be hard to sell this game without spoiling the experience or at least keeping spoilage to a minimum, but here goes nothing.Target AudienceThis game will appeal to those that appreciate stories told in unique ways. Without spoiling anything, there’s a fairly high chance you’ve encountered a story with a similar premise before. But, the way in which this title connects you to the characters and the world is something that I doubt you’ve seen before. Its use of breaking the forth wall could also appeal to anyone who enjoys seeing the creative potential of indie games that go above and beyond the market norms. If you like games that play with your expectations I’d also recommend giving this a look.Story and CharactersSo again, this is likely similar to a story you’ve encountered before in a basic sense. But, the way in which OneShot tells its story is what makes it such a great to experience (I really can’t say much more than that without repeating info on the Store Page or spoiling the game). The characters were all pretty good as far as my interest in their character went. Many of them see the “End of the world” from different perspectives and are dealing with it in their own way. Most of the characters are certainly memorable (In my experience) and likable. I just would’ve liked a bit more character development across the board; this seemed reserved for just a few of the key characters. Regardless, they all fit into narrative that is being presented and start the train of thought necessary to appreciate the story as a whole and the message that’s presented. There’s one character in particular that I found of particular interest considering the fact you’ll probably be playing through this game at least twice should it grab you.Their character changes either per play through or depending on the day you’re playing the game, I’m not sure. But it was certainly funny to have this person’s character completely change between play throughs.GameplayThe main appeal of this product is going to be its story, its characters and its use of 4th wall breaking to connect to the player directly. However, there are also puzzles within the game of varying levels of complexity. Most of the puzzles in my experience where quite simple and easy to solve, they were not frustrating mechanically nor too drawn out. There are some puzzles that were above and beyond my expectations. I cannot delve to deep into what makes these puzzles so special, but just know that they fit excellently into the game practically and thematically. There was also just one puzzle I felt obstructed my enjoyment of the game for a brief moment. However this was because I overlooked a certain path I needed to follow in order to get the final required item.  In my experience this was as much my fault as it was the game’s (probably more so my fault).I also found getting my bearings in some areas to be quite difficult when I first reached a new location. This didn’t happen everywhere but when it did it was easy to feel like I was walking in circles at first.  I was able to navigate all areas with ease eventually but I think it’s worth mentioning as I am generally pretty good at navigating even confusing areas in other games. Something I found lacking in the game was the fast travel menu. Its more than functional once you know the names of the locations within each area. However, when you play for the first time there is no way to know this apart from trial and error at times. I’m probably making this sound like more of an issue than it actually was, but I believe having a fast travel map would’ve helped solidify the game world into player’s minds much faster.Graphics and designOneShot is a pixel art style rpg maker game. You’ll explore the world from an isometric view, with conversations occurring primarily via in game textboxes.  There are also some pictures which utilise a few different art styles to allow for more closes up cut scenes. The main locations in the game were unique and I never felt they overstayed their welcome. The different themes of the areas links to types of puzzles and encounters you have within the world.  The characters were well designed and were both easily identifiable and usually designed in a way that made their nature recognizable either when you meet them or soon after they start talking. Overall it’s very well done, but I doubt there’s anything here that will convert people who dislike pixel art to the other side.Music and soundThe vast majority of the OST is fantastic to say the least.  To say more on the matter, you can really feel the connection between sight and sound as you navigate the world.  Of particular note is what I have taken to calling the entropy of the game’s soundtrack.  Between different areas the soundtrack will change in tone to match the location. But the further into a location you go the soundtrack will progress into what sounds like a more tired, worn out version of itself as if the world itself is really struggling to stay on its last legs as you get closer and closer to your destination. So for the most part, the music was fantastic and memorable, but some of the songs felt slightly less so.  In regard to sound effects they were good but nothing standout. This is not a game about massive explosions or meaty sounding guns, but what sound effects are present are more than adequate to immerse you in the game world. There is also no voice acting (just in case you were expecting that).ConclusionFor a game as unique as this, for a maximum price of $9.99USD it would be hard not to recommend this title. I absolutely recommend Oneshot as a game that’s worth your time and your money. You’ll be hard pressed to get more than the 8 odd hours I clocked in, but when you consider the uniqueness of this title in both its gameplay execution and story presentation I believe you’ll agree with me and the other fans of this game."
,Recommended,420530,30930168,Posted: 3 April,all,Scaryman713,"A fantastic game. I managed to spend ~7 hours on it but I skim through a lot, it should take you around 10 hours. This game is incredible, and definitely worth it for $10. The less you know about the game, the better."
,Recommended,420530,32857946,Posted: 27 June,all,Neptunella,"It may sound corny, but OneShot is more than a game. It's a very unique experience, and that's what makes it so mind-blowing.On the surface OneShot is a fairly simplistic RPGmaker puzzle/adventure. You control a young child, named Niko, who wakes up in a foreign world and now has to save it by bringing the world's sun (actually just a lightbulb) to the top of the tower. To do so Niko will cross the land, meet a bunch of colorful characters and find some items that will help them on their journey.Except it's not all there is to it. Noticed how I used the word ""control"" instead of ""play as""? That's because you aren't Niko - you areyou, a person controlling them, and the game will acknowledge that during the very first minutes of gameplay. From that point onwards there will be literally no fourth wall - Niko(and not just them)will communicate to you directly. This alone makes the experience unusual, but there's even more to come - to tell the story it wants to tell OneShot uses a very clever narrative, and it does so just perfectly. It would be a shame to spoiler even parts of it, so I'll just say that it's not like something you've ever seen before - and when it comes to this game, that's not an exaggeration.If you're still not sure whether you should buy OneShot, I will also say that Niko is incredibly likeable, and the way they talk to you and respond to your commands will likely make you get attached to them pretty quickly. The game also has very atmospheric art and great music.Just play it."
,Recommended,420530,28355635,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Get Spooked,It's been too long since a game was able to make me feel so invested in the main charater. Absolutely brilliant work.
,Recommended,420530,31805307,Posted: 17 May,all,Crewds,This game breaks the 4th wall a lot of times.
,Recommended,420530,31741175,Posted: 13 May,all,Shokker04,"What if Undertale didn't have combat mechanics, and only focused on clever puzzles and story?Can't recommend this game enough."
,Recommended,420530,29285143,Posted: 15 January,all,Diz (pc broke),I only got this game out of curiousity and man... it did a number on me. I don't really want to spoil it but if you have $10 and really like story driven games you should really check this one out.Pancakes.
,Recommended,420530,34029919,Posted: 4 August,all,nirv3_,my favorite game this year
,Recommended,420530,29063953,Posted: 6 January,all,Muscle Moose,"I don't want to spoil a single detail about OneShot, so I will only say this: Only a good story can leave your heart glowing in happiness and beaten by the very reason the former is true. It's the truly good stories' consequences that sit with you."
,Recommended,420530,28265942,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Chocohex,I am at loss for words. This is beautiful. Just...beautiful.
76561198083852147,Recommended,420530,28348043,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,135dB of screaming cockatoo,it's lit
,Recommended,420530,29729634,Posted: 5 February,all,Pumpkin Spice Chatian,10/10Niko is kawaii as hell.
,Recommended,420530,31455793,Posted: 29 April,all,BalinJHeavyKiin,"This game left me speechless when I first played it.OneShot in its entirety is a digital masterpiece, I highly recommend buying the game, it is certainly worth the 10$ I used to buy it.I especially like the way they incorperate YOU as the player into the game itself, and the character development of Niko.This game is one of those games that makes you feel like you aren't playing a game, like you are actually getting to know the characters and their unique personalities.Oh yeah, also it was an emotional rollercoaster. Seriously, this game was perfect."
,Recommended,420530,28523763,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Jack Bright,"This game is a work of art, thats for certain. Its short, but sweet. At first it seems straightforward, the meta seems gimmicky, but the ending changes the entire game.... I'm sorry. I'm so, so sorry.You should play this game, but you should not play this game. Know that if you venture down this road, only pain awaits you."
,Recommended,420530,34112937,Posted: 8 August,all,Makoto,"OneShot is simply amazing.It has an excellent writing/story, choices that really matters, likeable characters and a very intriguing bizzare world ! But this is only part of what makes OneShot so special.I won't spoil you, the less you know about this game, the better, and even if i do, this'll make little sense if i don't spoil the whole story.It'll make you understand what ""player experience"" means, truly, give it One Shot (hah ! ;p)"
,Recommended,420530,28318683,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,squaswin,"Surreal puzzler, similar to Yume Nikki. Highly recommended.If that is enough for a random stranger to convince you to play this game then please, buy and play this game now.This game is best experienced blind!If that isnt enough for you, then how about being able to control a cute kid who totally isnt a cat but likes pancakes?surely, thats enough... right?Please. Experience this game for yourself before the magic is lost to you."
76561198063093145,Recommended,420530,33656334,Posted: 19 July,all,Hiraelle,"This game is great.The games mechanics are 10/10. The graphics are 10/10. The story is 20/10.I finished it in a little more than 4 hours but you can replay it to get another ending.I know this story is going to stay with me for a while and I'm going to wonder if I made the good choice.If you like these kind of games at all, I think you can buy it without any hesitation. It is worth it."
,Recommended,420530,31670654,Posted: 10 May,all,"Horrordar, With Added Terror","Ho-lee Pancakes, where to start with this one?How about the graphics? While rather simplistic, it's still found to be rather beautiful and pretty. The facial portraits of the different characters are all of high quality, and some of the reactions, especially from Niko themself, has got me cracked up more than a few times. Though where the visual aspects of this game truly shines is in the artwork and pictures by Nightmargin, typically shown in transitions from areas to areas or dream sequences. Overall, the artstyle lends itself to be very attractive to look at.The gameplay meanwhile, is rather simplistic as well. You can make Niko run faster, move, interact, combine objects to complete puzzles... And that's about it, which makes for the groundwork of most of the puzzles of the game, many of these are rather simple, but not too simple that you can just look at it and figure out the solution without thinking just a bit. But that's only for most of the puzzles... Sometimes you need to think, and look, outside of the box.The music fits the tone of the game rather well, with much of it being melancholic and down-tone in nature, as the world is slowly falling apart, but with enough upbeatness to instill a sense that not all is lost, and that the world can still be saved. Some tracks are darker, some are more somber, some are lighter, some are more cheerful, and I can not recall a single time I felt a soundtrack was out-of-place, and merely enhance the feel of the environment and the characters. Speaking of characters...They are in my personal opinion the strongest part of the game, Niko in particular. But every character that you find yourself talking to more than once or twice are very distinct in their personality, and many of them are rather likeable. And I can't stress just how adorable and lovely Niko is as a person. And I find myself wanting more of these characters, and, again, Niko in particular.Now that I've praised the game, do I find any faults with the game? Well, yes. Especially one fatal flaw that sticks out like a sore thumb. One that I still can't get over.It's so short.You're likely to get 5-6 hours out of this game in a single playthrough. But trust me when I say this, those 5-6 hours and 10 dollars/euros are going to be worth it. I do not have buyer's regret in the slightest. But it still pains me that it ended so quickly... And speaking of things that pain me... Some spoiler-filled material below. Do -not- read it unless you've actually finished the game. And I'm not talking about watching someone else play through it. I want -you- to play through it.Alright... The rest of my issues with the game are only in the added chapter of the game. The Solstice chapter. Don't get me wrong, I loved it just as much as the rest of the game... Except for one little piece of the cake that's missing in this dessert. The interaction between -you- and Niko. You don't have a chance to defend yourself when Niko gets upset in the mines. You don't get to talk with Niko when they're apologizing for getting upset at you. And I really wish I could have said more to the little cat-person at the end, and not just goodbye. Ah well... I trust that they're happy with their mother now... But every future run... It won't be the same. It won't be -Niko- I'm talking with.Besides these little gripes, it's a stellar game. One I can proudly recommend to everyone. Even people who aren't fond of puzzle-adventures. If only to meet the lovely cat-child that is Niko.And for the love of that precious lightbulb, do let the poor thing sleep and eat, will you?"
76561198158464798,Recommended,420530,34534470,Posted: 27 August,all,KingOFDreams,"One of the most original and emotional game i have ever played in my lifeThe story and the gameplay are genius, it can make you feel really attached to Niko (the protagonist) and every single character in this game.I'll say no more, i don't want to spoil your experience, you like puzzle games? you easily get attached to protagonists in games? you want to experience an unique and intriguing story? then play it and it will surprise you for sure!"
,Recommended,420530,33585560,Posted: 16 July,all,JamesTheCoyote,i like the story and the caharacters are cute pls make more
,Recommended,420530,32882872,Posted: 27 June,all,GenBigg,"This game has alot of potential despite it being 8-bit.The story is impressiveYou'll love the charactersFourth wall breakingYou may need to look at a walkthrough time to time if some parts isn't clear in your mind.I'm honestly surprise this game doesn't get much attention for what it is, would recommend this for those who love Strategy RPG, and in-depth story.Most Importantly: You only have one shot.....or do you?"
,Recommended,420530,28338347,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Traven,"This game was an experience. The gameplay itself was mediocre, but there was a fascinating meta about it, and the world-building was perfect. This is one of the few games where I am fully invested in the main character. They actually feel... *alive.*This isn't a game you play for the gameplay. This is a game you play for the experience of playing it. If that sounds appealing to you, definitely check this out."
,Recommended,420530,33433871,Posted: 10 July,all,Alipheese Fateburn,the best ''i am messing with your computer and i will make you mess with your computer too'' game out there.
76561198104956492,Recommended,420530,30803876,Posted: 28 March,all,Otaku-San,"Amazing story and sound track. The main part of the game I love about is the way we, the player or ""god"" is involved in the game then anything I have played so far. The fact that we had to go into our own PC and look for hints/clues to progress through the game blew my mind. Not only that, it made me explore the games files (which I never do) to search for more hints/clues for the game later on in the story. But in all honesty, the story is what got me, the way they broke the Fourth wall (literally broke the wall). Especially during the""True Ending"" which made me shed a tear for both Niko and the Entity. 10/10 in my book."
,Recommended,420530,32965519,Posted: 28 June,all,naru,"OneShot is such a beautiful game~ I became so emotionally attached to Niko I cried when I thought I was never going to see him again after choosing to return the sun instead of sending him home.I was so happy to see him again after my ""one shot"" at either saving him or the world but even so, we parted ways in the end & Niko walked off my screen. Literally."
,Recommended,420530,29323973,Posted: 17 January,all,Nine. I'm Near,"The game that made me cry. Niko, you're in my heart forever, 10/10."
,Recommended,420530,28690070,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,WannabeJedi,"Here is my non-spoiler review of this great game.This is a remake of the original One-Shot game, which was released back in June 2014.You follow the story of a gender ambiguous cat child named Niko who is on a quest to save the world and return home.Along the way, you will meet incredible characters and have heart-wrenching moments.Gameplay wise, it is reminecent of old point and click adventure games, minus the point and clicking part. You wander around, gathering up seemingly random items and use them to solve puzzles and progress the story.I HIGHLY RECCOMEND PLAYING THIS GAME IN A WINDOW, and the game itself even tells you to do this.The reason being that the game will interact with your computer, popping up error prompts, changing settings, adding/ deleting files. You wouldn't be able to interact with this if you don't have it in window form.I have never felt so much love and compassion for a video game protagonist before. Niko is so well written, it feels like you are interacting with a legitamite child. I honestly cared for what happened to our little hero.The name ""One shot"" refers to, in the original version, that you could only play the game once. And if you exited out of the game at anytime before having Niko take a nap, the game would end and Niko would die, and you would never be able to play the game again. Thankfully, that is no longer the case.The game took my just shy of 5 hours to complete for the first time, but the game seems to be different the second time you play through it. so, another 3 hours of gameplay? I'll let you know.In anycase, if you want a good story, and have a few bucks to spare, You should get this game."
,Recommended,420530,28544695,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Slimer509,"OneShot is my game of the year.Obviously, OneShot's most attractive feature is its story, which is positively amazing. It is, by far, the best story-driven game I've ever played. (And, yes, that includes Undertale.) The plot is engaging, tear-bringing, and mysterious, and even once you've seen everything the game has to offer, there's a plethora of enjoyment to be found in trying to put the puzzle pieces together.The gameplay isn't what many people will want. It's exploration and puzzles; now, they're fantastic exploration and puzzles, but if you're not into that, this game might not be for you. Unless you like story games, because the story makes up for literally any qualms I may have otherwise had about this game (which was really quite few).The visuals aren't insane, but they're certainly better than 'good'. The pixelart is very well done, and the hand-drawn graphics that appear every so often are stunning.The music is an interesting case. None of the tracks are anything I'd listen to for pleasure, but despite that, the developers know exactly what kind of music to use to fit the atmosphere. So, despite the mediocrity of the tracks themselves, the music is still done well.Playing through the game at its lowest level of engagement is probably about three hours worth of playtime. However, I have played and thoroughly enjoyed at least ten hours worth of this game. It truly gives back as much as you put in.If you even have an inkling of a feeling that you this game might be for you, play it. Trust me, it'll be worth it."
,Recommended,420530,28395996,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,YalkYalk,"OneShot is a neat little gem that is very easy to love. While very simple and short, it is already an all time favorite for me.AboutOneShot is a RPG maker game original released in 2014 for free, and now recently re-released on December 2016 for Steam. At first it seems weird to buy a game on Steam that is free online; however this version of OneShot is the complete, full experience that the developers originally wanted to make. This version features more characters, more puzzles, and a bigger story. It also has a much more fixed UI and gameplay, since the original game’s interface was just your standard and sometimes tedious RPG maker menu, which quit didn’t fit with OneShot. OneShot at first glance looks like a RPG similar to Undertale, but it is actually a puzzle game.GameplayThe gameplay involves you solving various puzzles while talking to many NPCs. You pick up items and also combine them in order to progress. While it is actually quite a simple game, there is a game mechanic that makes this title very unique, but I do not want to spoil it. Also to save your game you either rest when the character you control is tired, or you simply close it which is neat.StoryThe story of the game is that a character called Niko wakes up and is suddenly in a world they have never been to before. While you do control Niko, you play as god. Yes god. Apparently in OneShot's world you the player are god (Undertale isn’t the first game to have a mechanic where you’re basically god guys), and you have to tell Niko where to go and what to do (by controlling them lol). You and Niko have to put a lightbulb called “The Sun” to a big tower in order to stop the world from its destruction. The world is filled with variety and many enjoyable characters. You can also sometimes talk with Niko which adds a lot to their character, and makes you feel like they are an actual person. Also every time you close the game, Niko just sees pitch black. Their comments about it and sometimes worries about it, which made me feel bad for constantly closing the game. Niko is honestly one of the most likeable characters in a game, and it really makes you want to help them. The story is pretty grim, and it has a pretty painful ending.ConclusionThe music and sound design in this game are very well done. The tracks are usually slower paced and create a very ominous feel to the game.  The only issue I had with the game was that some characters would have colored borders around their face during dialogue, while others did not was kind of annoying for me. Other than that I recommend getting this game, but maybe on sale as the game is pretty short if you know what you’re doing."
,Recommended,420530,28356473,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,TheShadowHatter🎩,https://youtu.be/-F8lDhkCyCcMini Review:Pros:Beautiful Art Style & MusicBeautiful StoryInnovative Special Mechanic that immerses you in the game’s worldCons:Map transitions sometimes leave you a bit lost
76561198386638156,Recommended,420530,34377686,Posted: 20 August,all,Amazing-X-Brain.,"I tried to write this in English, actually I'm not sure I'mthatgood at English.When playing games, what is being aware is that we areplayers, not characters, which means, whatever happens in the game, for instance, destroying earth, is just a mythical story set by game designers. The characters are also, just pictures or CG with a specific code. Everything in games is nothing when closing the window. You know what? Even in the worst situation, what we should do is just to restart the game. Yes, the earth didn't be destroyed. Probably for that reason as playing more games, players are being more...""indifferent"", or not. At least as I playing gal games such as CLANNAD, I still feel my emotions during enjoying the plot.However, some game designers don't think so; they would want to link you with the game by someway. For instance, Ever17 makes you a character in the world of LeMU. Red Alert 2 recognizes you as a commander or a general. As for this game, Oneshot, players are called ""god"" and true it is. The little cat main character, Niko, with a lot of characters knows your name and your exist.Oneshot probably didn't catch your eyes in your first sight. Because the topic, Niko saves the world you help Niko to get home, is extremely common. However, as you playing, you might immerse in the game. Niko talks to you and turns to you. You can also see Niko's dream. It seems like you and Niko are exploring and solving problems together. Actually it is true also. Some problems will be solved by Niko, such as mixing potions. Some are yours, like you should find aDocumentin a particular place,Puzzles are elaborate, some main puzzles need you to break the 4th wall. For my part, some hints are hard to understand, especially when you are not good at English or computer. But to solve it is fun indeed. I am sure most of the players, including me, thought ""Wow! That's it!"" or ""How can they did that?"". RPG Maker XP it is. What they made is Oneshot while what I made is...well.During game, more talks between you and Niko happen. Niko's world is being aware little by little. It seems not too much different from yours. We both have a sun looks like a big fireball. We both have day and night. But as what I know there's no creatures like Niko on the earth. As we are more closing to the Tower, we probably immerse in the game if we pay more attention and emotion, therefore... Well, I do not want to have any spoiler in this review, but...well, don't mind.Sometime something talks to you directly. You still, perhaps, had no idea about what it is and what it want to do until you finish the game first time. You might think that is the wire-puller. Don't worry, finally you will know everything. ( Actually hints were given to you in game, but you didn't pay any attention, did you? )Another 2 merits of the game is music and CG, you will enjoy it as enjoying it. The music, I'd to say, plays a huge role that makes atmosphere better. And CG, not too many, but still gives you enough room to imagine that world. Not as some game, these BGM are still good to listen when you are not playing the game. Yeah, These days I listen to OnLittleCatFeet more than 10 times per day.Just as the title of the game, you have only Oneshot. It's no longer same as games you played before. When comes to an end, you will never have another chance to play this same game again. Even you play some trick to find a way back, something is different which tell you your exist is remembered,I thought I would probably speak a Cruciatus Curse to the author for the reason everyone who finish the game once knows whereas I should call it off for solstice. Well, after all…This is still a game that I don’t know how to express my emotion to it even I racked my brain."
76561198218297811,Recommended,420530,28265031,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Tentacutie,"OneShot is a super fun game where you will go though out the world where you will collect Items to solve puzzles. You control a little cat boy name Neko who woke up in a place he does not know, you as the player will control Neko to save this world from darkness.-4th wall breaking-Puzzels-Colorful Graphics-Engaging Story and CharsCan you save this world? You Only Have One Shot"
,Recommended,420530,28608658,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Punished Doggo,Reminder that the US should spend its entire military budget on genetically engineered catpeople so we can have our own Nikos to hug.
,Recommended,420530,30699246,Posted: 23 March,all,AzulianBlue,10/10 would eat pancakes again.
,Recommended,420530,33224622,Posted: 4 July,all,whiyt ダミー,*confused cat noises*
76561197962039322,Recommended,420530,28284710,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Gorge Express,"Wasn't expecting much, but this ended up being one of my best video game purchases in 2016. The highlight of the game is the story, which is not only unique but incredibly well done. It's clear a lot of thought was put into creating the game's world.  The sound is also great, both the atmospheric ost and the sound effects that include different sounds for footsteps for pretty much every kind of surface you can walk on.For the most part, gameplay is like a point and click adventure game made in rpg maker. There's a much bigger emphasis on simple exploration though, and the puzzles are usually pretty simple. Not all of the puzzles are like a typical adventure game though, some of them are very creative."
76561198041679085,Recommended,420530,29136540,Posted: 9 January,all,RadRice,"Pros:+ Great art+ A+ music+ Characters have unique and interesting designs+ A lot of charming dialog+ Niko is a cinnamon roll+ Most puzzles are super clever, especially the ones that break the forth wall+ Nice amount of content added compared to the original free version+ Pancakes+ Ram punsCons:- Areas are big and there are no maps. If you're like me and have played games that require a bit of mental map-making, it isn't really a big deal. Otherwise I can see how this might frustrate some people.- Ram puns"
,Not Recommended,420530,32823642,Posted: 26 June,all,Arwing :3,Get out the fu** out of the negative section and buy this game you dummy :3 !
,Recommended,420530,28565083,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Ryuujin,"tl;dr - For a mere $8 can you afford NOT to try it out?OneShot is a under-appreciated gem of a game that is difficult to really endorse or explain without giving away the plot and the twists and turns that make it so brilliant; the less you know going in the more you will get out.Those familiar withUndertalemight understand the dilemna, that an explanation without context both spoils it, yet also falls flat, they're games that need to be experienced firsthand. It's not a hollow comparrison either because both titles are remarkably similar games in many ways; if you liked one you'll probably like the other.At it's core, OneShot is a character and story-centric adventure game with a surreal twist. It's quite short, clocking in at 4-8 hours depending on how you approach it, but it feels the right length for the story it wants to tell, neither trying to pad itself out, or feeling rushed."
,Recommended,420530,32863200,Posted: 27 June,all,Terrnovella,ONESHOT IS AN AMAZING GAME AND I WILL FIGHT ANYONE WHO SAYS OTHERWISE!I CRIED AT THE END AND YOU DID TO DON'T LIE!
76561198121534673,Recommended,420530,31188398,Posted: 16 April,all,Suicidal stardust,yes
,Recommended,420530,32786682,Posted: 25 June,all,Hellbeholder,"Do I recommend this game?With utmost certainty.The question is,whydo I recommend this game?And to be honest, I’m kind of lost on how to actually start this review. You can’t just start rambling about this game, since it’s a story-driven adventure that can easily be spoiled.OneShotis certainly a very interesting piece. The premise is made clear in the trailer. Your task is to guide the child Niko through a darkened world and restore the light with the “sun”, a giant lightbulb. However, the game knows you’re a player from the very start and treats you as such. It’s self-aware and will help you on your journey sometimes… or not. Not everything is how it seems. And it certainly won’t be as easy as it initially sounds.A lot of people tend to compare this game toUndertale, which is not wrong, since both games are 2D-topdown-adventure-games with a heavy focus on story rather than gameplay. While there is a pretty unique combat system in Undertale, OneShot passes on that one completely. There are no random encounters or fights in OneShot, only puzzles withinthe game… oroutof it. While breaking the 4th wall was part of the conclusion to Undertale, doing this is very common for OneShot. It’s part of the set premise. Some people might cringe at the very thought of that, however, the game never does this in a cheesy way. It’s implemented very clever, the puzzles are unique, fun and feel satisfying to solve.Other than doing puzzles, Niko and you explore this mysterious and beautiful world together, meeting interesting characters, going through three vastly different and color coded zones. (Blue, Green and Red) This is also a clever nudge to the RGB additive color model in reversed order, combining all three in the center as the giant white tower.The game is presented in a very consistent pixel art-style. While characters don’t explode with detail, their portraits are beautifully crafted and change depending on the characters mood. However, where this art-style really shines is in the environment. From the first screen on, it seeps atmosphere. Many little details with animations can be observed in the different areas. It draws you in, you’ll keep on exploring naturally. And everything is supported by a beautiful, really strong soundtrack that enhances the atmosphere in every way. It will stick with you for a while, striking memories whenever you hear the OST. When I should form it into words, I would say it’smagically gloomy.Besides the strong presentation, the story and writing are also very prominent features. Niko is such a wonderful character, a good and clever child, presented with this extreme responsibility of saving an entire world. While Niko is carrying an enormous burden, it’s made clear from the start thatyoutake responsibility for Niko. You’re guiding and helping this child, talking to them, seeing their dreams. Niko trusts you and seeks help from time to time. It’s only natural to grow attached to them. And Niko grows attached to you as well, and to the characters they meet. There are multiple developments happening here. You might start this game with the goal of completing it, however, it’ll probably shift to something more personal. The goal of the game, saving the world and Niko, becomes your very own goal as well.That’s how it was for me at least. It doesn’t happen very often that I get emotionally attached to a video-game-character, OneShot did this within a few hours of playtime. I know it’s weird to say, but Niko grew closer to me than some people I’ve met inthe real world.And because of this, oh boy, the ending of the game left meemotionally devastated.For literaldays.I had to do some artwork, forum posts and changed my profile to stomach this game a little better. But I’m happy that it happened… and I will never forget Niko and the things we’ve been through together.This game is a wonderfulexperience.An emotional journey  that should be done by many. The “overwhelmingly positive” amount of reviews speaks for itself. And I can’t recommend OneShot enough.Farewell, Niko……Enjoy your pancakes."
76561198119487538,Recommended,420530,30787078,Posted: 27 March,all,the doctor,"LookIf you hadOne shotOr one opportunityTo seize everything you ever wantedIn one momentWould you capture itOr just let it slip?YoHis palms are sweaty, knees weak, arms are heavyThere's vomit on his sweater already, mom's spaghettiHe's nervous, but on the surface he looks calm and readyTo drop bombs, but he keeps on forgettin'What he wrote down, the whole crowd goes so loudHe opens his mouth, but the words won't come outHe's chokin', how, everybody's jokin' nowThe clocks run out, times up, over, blaow!Snap back to reality, oh there goes gravityOh, there goes Rabbit, he chokedHe's so mad, but he won't give up that easy? NoHe won't have it, he knows his whole back city's ropesIt don't matter, he's dope, he knows that, but he's brokeHe's so stacked that he knows, when he goes back to his mobile home, that's when itsBack to the lab again yo, this whole rhapsodyHe better go capture this moment and hope it don't pass himYou better lose yourself in the music, the momentYou own it, you better never let it goYou only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blowThis opportunity comes once in a lifetime"
,Recommended,420530,28347576,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,>K·§·A<´°Sþíké¸°°»»,"Very well made game, have not played something like this in a long time, possibly since Undertale."
76561198025399711,Recommended,420530,29519047,Posted: 27 January,all,LightOfDawn,I'm so sorry Niko.
,Recommended,420530,28266690,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Batter,"Love this game. Beautiful graphics and music, wondeful and sometimes funny story and a great atmosphere.The game putting files onto your computer is a really cool mechanic aswell.recommend this game to everyone who loves games such as earthbound or yume nikki."
,Recommended,420530,35010083,Posted: 16 September,all,Vixlia,"Everytime I think about writing a review for this game, I just can't put my words down right. The experience it delivers is so wonderful that it brings tears to my eyes just thinking about it. And now, with the solstice update, I've never been happier with a game so driven by story and adventure. Please, look into OneShot. It's $10."
,Recommended,420530,35114151,Posted: 21 September,all,Nnerroth,"Man, oh man. This game. Thisthing-- what could only be identified as something more than a game could ever be, if that makes sense.A game that will not leave a gaping hole but rather a palpitant heart that will stay as a reminder of what you have experienced throughout the game.Remarkably executed intricate puzzles, memorable characters, a heartwarming innocent protagonist, a beautiful yet sad world at its breaking point and all the cute little things that I can but I won't detail it anymore because this...game...cannot be expressed through words.I would hug the developers out of love, out of undescribable feelings as a way of showing my gratitude for being able to experience this...ride. This Story.What a bliss."
,Recommended,420530,35071824,Posted: 19 September,all,Spider3,Beautiful. Magic. So many emotions in those pixels.Thank you. <3
,Recommended,420530,31888992,Posted: 21 May,all,aids,"Wow, just wow.  I wasn't expecting this game to be as good as it was. I expected some generic Undertale clone, but WOW was I wrong. This game is absolute genious all the way through, wonderful characters, a beautifully done soundtrack, and my GOD are the puzzles creative.Do yourself a favor and check it out, you won't regret it."
,Recommended,420530,28662901,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,propeller knight irl,I played this entire game on stream and one of the devs came in and helped me with the puzzles.it was very nice. thank you
76561198212276277,Recommended,420530,33214116,Posted: 3 July,all,needleboop,"My new favorite game. Pretty much the style of Undertale, but better and without combat. You'll fall in love with the atmosphere, characters and music in this game. Who knew being a god of a little cat boy would be so fulfilling. Buy this game before everyone gets ahold of it and ruins it!"
,Recommended,420530,28304911,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡KudouSensei,"I have a silly little love for RPG Maker games, but this one in particular just takes the cake. A bit of a creepy one at that. Don't worry though, it's not THAT scary.-Memorable Characters-Confusing, yet charming story-Creative puzzles that often break the fourth wall. Many of which that are unique to your game.-Simply put, it's just one of those games you don't want to put down until you're finished."
,Recommended,420530,31237984,Posted: 19 April,all,Grim Ether,"Recnetly I wrote a review for this game, but now that I've finished the Solstice ending, I feel like I can do it better. So, here is my newly formed opinion on this.First, this is not a game.This is a contradictory statement, as this is a GAME sold on steam, but I claim it as truth. A GAME is a media for played around with as entertainment, but to me, this is a Virtual Reality in the most basic form.This is a world of its own.I have played this game two times, first returning the sun, then seeking Solstice, and I believe that I will never play this again. The reason why, is because I've saved everybody, and there's no meaning in returning to that world again.All that remains are memories, and I feel no need to disturb them."
,Recommended,420530,29238431,Posted: 13 January,all,Whiteout,"OneShot is a short, puzzle-adventure game that doesn't take more than 4 hours to complete.  In the game, you guide a cat-like boy named Niko through a dying world with the hopes of restoring its sun.  However, as you guide the boy through the dying world, it quickly becomes apparent that the game is aware that you, the player, exist.It's a fun little game that will do things to you, the player, that you won't be expecting.  I'd compare it to Pony Island and Undertale into how it messes with you, though I won't delve further into details for spoilers.  However, my main gripe with this game is that it seems to crash a lot on my computer.  My computer drive crashes between location transitions for some reason, which quickly became irritating to me since every time the game crashed, I lost quite a good chunk of my progress and had to start all over again.  I'm not sure if this is just a problem with my computer, and it didn't happen all the time, but it's noteworthy enough in my opinion to mention.I would reccomend this game to anyone who enjoys puzzle adventure games and who enjoy self-aware video games, however only when it's on sale.  I feel the 10 dollar price tag is a bit steep for a 4 hour game."
,Recommended,420530,31369743,Posted: 25 April,all,KYLEZOOKI,"After playing this game I have a really nice feeling, this is now my favourite game. I loved the 4th wall breaking as well lets just say the game didn't break the 4th wall but instead disintergrated it, demolished it why the 4th wall isnt een a concept in any universe after this game was through with it. Also amazing programming by the creators."
76561198278946972,Recommended,420530,31042354,Posted: 9 April,all,Knight_Rider,It made me quite emotional. Definitely recommend this is you're into adventure.
76561198046401721,Recommended,420530,31089913,Posted: 11 April,all,AbbeyKat,"I just finished the game and honestly, this is one of the most touching games I've played in a while. Not many games have made me cry, but this one is up there. I absolutely, positively, definitely recommend it. Make sure you play until the end. UNTIL THE END."
,Recommended,420530,31476502,Posted: 30 April,all,hamlock,It's.. really beautiful.broke the 4th wall instantly as I started.
76561198080818306,Recommended,420530,32907479,Posted: 27 June,all,Ron Pastel,OneShot more likeShoot me in the heart because Niko is too pure for this world and must be protected and also the world itself and all its NPC's are beautifulSo help me God I love this game
76561198088295295,Recommended,420530,29076747,Posted: 6 January,all,Trusty Patrick,"There is no good way to explain this game without spoiling too much, so let just say, i never thought i would find a game that would make me feel such emotion as undertale, a was WRONG! its not the same feeling, its different! but its like woaaaah!! Woaaaaaah!! WOAAAAAH!!!! JUST STOP CHECKING THE ♥♥♥♥ING REVIEW AND GO TRY THIS GAME ALREADY YOU WILL SEE FOR YOURSELF WHAT I MEAN!!!"
,Recommended,420530,33637024,Posted: 18 July,all,zinc_zombie,"About OneShot...Im going to talk about the three features I value in a game here. Gameplay, style, and story.To start, OneShot has a very unique gameplay, since it makes you think outside the box (quite literally) by hiding vital keys outside of the game and in files. This makes you really want to work to gain progress, making the result seem more satisfying.As for style, the creators of OneShot have effectively created a game with pixel graphics, while also placing hand-drawn artwork and more complicated graphics throughout the game, yet not so much to detract from the pixel style they've achieved. The artwork has, as a result of its style and simplicity, also helped me improve my own artwork and inspired me to creat digital fan-art.The story line is on point. No game in ages except for OneShot has so quickly attached me to the main character without even realising, then in one point, made me realise just how much I cared with one difficult option. As a result OneShot really tries to make you think about your options and decisions.Because after all...You only have One Shot"
76561198353118601,Recommended,420530,31291877,Posted: 22 April,all,sophi,This is the BEST game I have ever played! I can't believe how good it is! The story is so immersive and the game mechanics are great!
,Recommended,420530,30765483,Posted: 26 March,all,Segolia,"What is OneShot? Essentially a small, story-driven RPG where you guide protagonist Niko on a quest through a decaying world, holding it's new sun - it's only chance for survival. You quickly learn that Niko is able to communicate directly with you, and together you set off on your journey, solving puzzles in and *out* of the game and learning about the true nature of the world - because as you will find out, all is not as this seems.This probably sounds very familiar to fans of Undertale and similar games, and in fact you could draw a lot of parallels between the two games. OneShot will definitely appeal to fans of Undertale, however, where Undertale felt quite bombastic in its presentation, OneShot feels a lot more refined and manages to maintain a grounded, albeit mostly lighthearted tone throughout. If Undertale felt too ""meme-y"" (for want of a better term) for you to enjoy, then don't let this turn you away from OneShot as it is quite different in this regard.Overall, OneShot is a very compelling experience which is well worth the price of entry and which I cannot reccomend enough. Charming character design, thoughtful dialogue and an excellent soundtrack will quickly endear you to the world and people Niko meets along her journey, and a compelling story will keep you hooked until the surprising conclusion. The game is somewhat short, clocking in at about 8-10 hours for a thorough playthrough which touches on everythingOneShot has to offer, however I feel you will be highly engaged throughout.This is one of those games which I think everyone needs to play and experience for themselves, so it comes highly recommended from me. 10/10"
,Recommended,420530,31632832,Posted: 8 May,all,numero uno loser,"I do not want to say anything about this game, because I am afraid I might spoil something. So my review is this:-it is good.-that is it.(also the game is pretty short but honestly it really has way more quality over quantity)"
,Recommended,420530,31620769,Posted: 8 May,all,Rusty Kunts,"This game is short, but it's hella sweet. If you've ever played Undertale and thought at any point ""Huh, this is pretty nice, but I wish it had more meta,"" thenboy howdy this game's got ya covered."
76561198065602057,Recommended,420530,30783490,Posted: 27 March,all,silverlava,"One of the best games I've ever played.If you liked Undertale, get this gameIf you like games that break the fourth wall, get this gameIf you like games that make you care about the characters, get this game"
,Recommended,420530,33706275,Posted: 21 July,all,Milde,Truly a Masterpiece.
76561198084021005,Recommended,420530,31312001,Posted: 22 April,all,Adored Kat,"This game is really hard to describe without spoiling too much, but just know that its very much worth it. It breaks the 4th wall in a way that really gets the player to think outside the box (game window) in a way i havent seen before."
76561198230547108,Recommended,420530,31001396,Posted: 7 April,all,TheyCallMeDanger,"One of the best I've ever played. An amazing story, a beautiful soundtrack and a unique gameplay. What do we need else? More hours of this fantastic adventure!"
,Recommended,420530,32993894,Posted: 29 June,all,🎃Orange🎃,"Now I want to keep away from spoiling as much as possible for this review, because I went into this blind and the experience was the best I've had in a long time. OneShot is a game where you play as yourself and have to guide Niko to save the world, but don't be fooled, there's more than just 1 adventure to be had (in other words, when you get to the ""end"" expect more game afterwards). Also if you're coming into this expecting battles because you believe ""itza rpgg it must hav batls"" this isn't the game for you. The game is more about it's ability to drive story while still giving your brain a small workout. Personally toward the end of it I felt like I knew Niko, as well as a few other characters. The game looks great but don't expect too many bright colors, the only ones you'll see consistently are black, red, blue, and green. I enjoy the soundtrack but dangit I was sad there wasn't a more energy-filled piece at the end. I can easily recommend this to anyone who wants a good story filled game."
,Recommended,420530,28266629,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,theoriginal28,"Even if you've played the free version of Oneshot, this version is VERY MUCH worth the tenbuxIf you HAVEN'T played the free version, I would recommend buying this and going into it totally blind. Seriously, you don't wanna spoil yourself on it."
,Recommended,420530,28312645,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Hayashi_SNR,"A nice little game with clever mechanics, nice soundtrack, absolutely adorable characters. Oh, and also crippling depression after feeling crushed by the weight of your own decision and realizing that you can't undo what you did, hence the title."
76561198069466868,Recommended,420530,34747939,Posted: 4 September,all,Peditis1,"I went into this game knowing pretty much nothing, and I think that is the best way to experience it. This is a game that far surpassed my expectation. After I finished it the first time I was pleased and satisfied, but after I found out there was a DLC with the True Ending I went back to it, and it completely changed my perpective about the whole journey, about my role in the game and my feelings towards it. Whitout getting into too many details, I just want to say that if you finished this game once, enjoyed it, and want to tie the ""few"" apparent loose ends, you have to go back and get the True Ending, you won't regret it."
,Recommended,420530,35278931,Posted: 28 September,all,doorbell,"I had this game on my wishlist for quite a while before buying it. I was just going through my queue to get some trading cards, and saw it. I thought: ""hey, that looks kinda cool, I'll buy it sometime."" That sometime would be around 3-4 months later. I can't express how much I wish I had bought it sooner.If you're debating on buying this game or not, do yourself a favor and stop reading reviews and just get it.If you still don't know, read on.This game claims to have a huge mental factor, with interacting with the player themselves. When I first went into the game, I didn't really expect too much. The most I really thought that would come out of it were a few 4th wall jokes, or something along those lines. I couldn't have been more wrong. I can't remember the last time I really CARED about a video game (or, the characters in the video game) so much. It really made a connection between myself and the game I was playing. It uses clever wording and writing to make you feel as though you're really impacting the world in the game.I can say for myself that this game is 100% worth the pricetag. It's certainly not horribly long, but the story alone is more than worth the pricetag. It's also worth noting that the game is pretty speedrun-friendly. I myself managed to get the world record only about an hour or two before writing this review.tl;dr: 10/10 game from me, cant stress how much i love this gamebuy itnow"
,Recommended,420530,35020728,Posted: 17 September,all,Impulse The Fox,"Really awesome game concept. By the way, you can carefreely play in fullscreen, although the game says it's not recommended. You'll notice when you're not supposed to be in it, the game even switches to windowed mode for you if necessary. 10/10"
,Recommended,420530,34787779,Posted: 6 September,all,drWoof,"A GREAT game. The story is great,  the soundtrack is superb, you get very attached to the characters, there was one big hard choice that REALLY made me think, and all of this itself made me almost cry.Truly, a masterpiece.10/10."
76561198084261863,Recommended,420530,31261759,Posted: 20 April,all,BNBartem 冰霜精神,The best simulator of feelings.
,Recommended,420530,28272362,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,CupCray [DFS],"You will miss out if you didn't decide to play it yet and pass it off as a RPG Maker Adventure Game for sure. The extended version is so much better in every way and superior to the original OneShot. It's twice as long, every character has now a kind of personality and the struggle between letting a child suffer or the world makes up for it. How this game uses the outside core for gameplay elements is amazing, shocking even too. Your constant fear keeps you up all night and day long. It's 4 hours and every penny well spent for a game that tries something new, and it succeeds in every way possible.Take your shot."
,Recommended,420530,28282031,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,CVivian,"I originally came to this game because I'm friends with one of the devs...Here's what I have to say-If you are scared of something/someone having control over your computer without you knowing- this is the best horror game.I'm afraid of message boxes addressing me personally, this game had me yelling at one of the developers in a discord PM because of how creeped out I was over the final bits of the game. Seriously, a message box appeared and told me not to open the game again.♥♥♥♥ that noise, I'm out. Then it made me open a random .exe file that was buried inside of my game files. I hesitated...I still haven't opened it.EDIT: I have opened it."
,Recommended,420530,31305280,Posted: 22 April,all,Überram64,"Because of this game I use ""mhm"" again."
,Recommended,420530,29978134,Posted: 16 February,all,Sprigglez,"An absolutely charming 'game'.Originally from a modded RPGMaker and remastered to a more current version, a rather fascinating piece that simply was enjoyable all the way through. An adventure/puzzle game that certainly reaches out to interesting depths of immersion and other surprises. This game may tug at your heartstrings, it may give you a surprise or two, and it may leave you wanting...more.You embark your adventure as a kawaii cat child on their adventure on restoring a broken world as you traverse through various location, meet different characters, and solve puzzles that reach out to different angles.I can't say more without ruining this experience. Although it's a rather..short game (depending on how fast you progress), but at the price of $10 is well worth this trip. Best played blind, with no distractions, and nothing to hold your hand as you progress. I don't wish to compare it to Undertale as others would, but it's unique, charming, and amazing in its own way, just how Undertale made its mark.Despite the pixel graphics it was all so gorgeous to stare at and not some dull pixelated textures, environments, locations, and the vibrant colors of the ambient background was simply nice to look at. Sounds at every corner, nothing too dull as well and a very smooth OST to listen to as you play. I regret holding on and waiting to play this gem and would recommend to anyone that simply desires to embark on a nice story with influence in a gorgeous setting."
,Recommended,420530,28848883,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,AlphaBlob,"What are you doing reading reviews? Just buy this masterpiece already, you wont regret it."
,Recommended,420530,30908313,Posted: 2 April,all,Dark Side of the Un,*confused cat noises*11/10 tears were shed
,Recommended,420530,30868128,Posted: 31 March,all,"""Lucky_Cat""","First things first, this game is amazing. If graphics kick you away to the curb then stay at that curb. This game may have pixel graphics but it is still extremely gorgeous in every division. The story alone made me cry more times than i can remember. The characters are so likeable in every way and just everything about this game just makes me want to replay it. But as we all know, you only have Oneshot and well. You really don't want to waste it. In the end, this game is phenomenal and I would definently recommend it to literally anyone. It has story, characters, graphics, and hard decisions. Best $10 I have ever spent in my life. (And iv'e been to Chipotle). Buy this game, as fast as you can. Period"
76561198091368547,Recommended,420530,30661669,Posted: 21 March,all,The Ghost Minx,"I honestly did not think I would like this game. But when I saw it, I thought: ""What the hell, let's try it!""This game is wonderful. I don't want to give away too much, but the game is both on Steam and your computer, if that makes sense. There is an eerie sense of wonder and beauty about this game. The music is simple, but elegant. The gameplay is, again, simple but fun. If you enjoy puzzle games, you might very well enjoy this game."
,Recommended,420530,30717785,Posted: 24 March,all,starkvenom,10/10 Would play 30 more times!
76561198047922833,Recommended,420530,31026857,Posted: 8 April,all,crazygamer992,"Never have I ever been so scared, yet proud to be the player in a game. Not until this.The story is amazing, the music is well-made, the characters make their mark on you.And the way it goes meta, even more than Undertale, is amazingly well done. [/spoilers]The game is definitely worth more than its price."
76561198098865681,Recommended,420530,33059692,Posted: 30 June,all,Kaza_IA,"Ma hearth.... The most difficult choice I have ever been given in a video game... 100% worth full price.Making me emotional attached to a character, a world, the people.. the landscape..."
,Recommended,420530,31834086,Posted: 18 May,all,LazyEngieMan,"I played Undertale. I thought that game had feeling and depth that no game ever had or could hope to level with.This though... oh boy...This game is all about first hand experience, free from outside knowledge of the game. This was the first game I did this with. Don't look anything up about this game, keep it mysterious to yourself. Buy it now, it's a decision you won't regret."
,Recommended,420530,30679067,Posted: 22 March,all,MetalDragon,I can't say why it's good without spoiling it so just take my word and the word of 98% of people that played this and try it
,Recommended,420530,28566309,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Foxglove,"One of the most immersive story-driven games ever. If you happen to hear that it's made in RPG maker, don't pass by it just because of that. You'll never even be able to tell.If you like Undertale, you will enjoy this. It's a bit shorter and there are no battles, just character interactions and puzzles. Definitely worth your time."
76561198053222635,Recommended,420530,33346610,Posted: 7 July,all,nyaa .*,"Goodness, where do I begin?I purchased this game on a whim during the Steam Summer Sales and now wished that I had paid full price for it instead, just because it is worthevery single cent.The puzzles and gameplay were executed brilliantly and the storytelling was just superb. I felt myself sucked into the world almost instantly and enjoyed taking my own time exploring everything the world had to offer.And, I love how I got to bond with the main character, Niko over the course of the events that unfold. It was a real emotional roller-coaster ride for me. I laughed when Niko did something silly, cried when he was sad, agonized over the options I had to pick for him…and my heart just shattered when it was time to say goodbye to him forever.Overall I would highly recommend this game. The developers certainly put a lot of thought into this and the ending will leave an impact long after you’ve completed the game."
,Recommended,420530,33420719,Posted: 9 July,all,Tacit Ronin,Pancakes are best food. Niko knows what's up.
,Recommended,420530,33212370,Posted: 3 July,all,Nanako Dojima,"I originally bought this game just because I thought the main character, Niko, was cute.. I ended up sobbing my eyes out at the end of Solstice.The artwork and music is beautiful, the story is immersive and emotional, and the gameplay makes you really think.I'd say I want more DLC just so I can keep playing it, but the ending of Solstice left me more than happy."
,Recommended,420530,33422381,Posted: 9 July,all,Kalaner,"This is, the single most touching and amazing adventure game that I have ever played. I almost never rate or review games on Steam, but for this game, I had to make an exception."
,Recommended,420530,33282207,Posted: 5 July,all,lA0l 青,"OneShotis one of the most wonderful experience I had this year, if it isn't the most. This game is a little puzzle-adventure game that seemed lovely to me when I saw some screenshot but it's far deeper than I expected. I hightly recommand you to stop reading and play it already as giving a proper explanation of the game can lead to some spoiler and partially ruins the experience. Still I will try to be as detailed as possible without saying too much.Gameplay: I said it's a puzzle adventure game. You can't get a game over by dying or something like that. The only thing that will get in your way is the puzzle, and they are mostly....unconventional (won't say more). By puzzle I don't mean something like professor Layton but a game where you have to seek a way to pursue your journey, it's far from hard but the game doesn't mean to be, so it's not a game for those who seek chalenge in any kind.Art: It's really cool, nothing lacks detail and every chara design is well done. You will get really different and unique vibes travelling across the diffenrent region of this world thanks to the art work and the attention of details. Nothing seems out of place and nothing seems to be lacking either. It's really immersive.Musics and sounds: The musics are very well done and really fits the game, but what I want to focus is the attention of details put into the sounds : for a game like that it's outstanding. I really liked the aboundance of sound effect and their details. For example : the footsteps noises, there is a different noise for every different surface that you will step over. It's a small thing but this attention for every little thing is something that I don't see in every game and mostly don't see at all in a indie game.Story: Well, here comes the hard part. I can't explain much but I will say what I can. I can at least say that all the characters are memorable and very well done. I loved them all and I really wanted to help them in this fading world. Can't really say more, just play the game if I got you curious.Summary:Pros :- The story- The attention of details- Wonderful world and charcters- Unusual puzzleCons :- Nothing to report99/100 Why are you still reading. Just play the game already. But remember... You only have one shot."
,Recommended,420530,31589895,Posted: 6 May,all,Yumi,"Amazing puzzle game! What really sets this game out from the rest is the puzzles that can either be difficult or easy and how you sometimes need to apply your computer knowledge!Wish it was longer, but thats alright. This game is for sure worth the $10.Original characters, too! I would go on, but thats for you to find out :palso, the feels."
,Recommended,420530,33497443,Posted: 13 July,all,thefreakyghost(hibernating),"WARNING: THIS REVIEW WILL CONTAIN SOME SPOILERS. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND AT LEAST KNOWING THE STORY OR HAVE PLAYED THE GAME BEFORE READING THISI was had my mind absolutely ♥♥♥♥ing blown by this wonderful game.It starts out with a simple premise. Put the sun back where it belongs to save the world and end the darkness. There are many 4th wall breaks along the way, especially during the final climb of the tower.The game makes you build a connection to the protagonist, Niko, and at the non-solstice ending, the game uses that against you. You are given two choices: Save the world at the cost of Niko's life or Save Niko at the cost of the world ending.This messed me up, but I eventually made my decision and finished the game.Then I learned of the solstice ending. This was mind-blowing, and I won't spoil it because you really must play it yourself.Anywho, this is and remains today one of my absolute favorite games that I've ever played, second only to Assassin's Creed 3. Please play this game because it is one of the craziest experiences I've ever had. You will be sure to love it too."
,Recommended,420530,30818614,Posted: 29 March,all,Chandelure,"DISCLAIMER: I have not done Solstice yet and will most likely update this review once I haveThis review is as spoiler-free as possibleOneShot is an amazing game that is definitely worth the price of admission, especially as someone who has played the freeware version from 2014. The story improvements and extra content in this Premium version make OneShot and even better game and help flesh out the story even more. It made me care for the main character almost immediately and the worldbuilding is done very well with the limited amount of lore provided. It's one of the few games that actually makes me feel for the characters of the world. This may be a controversial opinion but I believe OneShot tells it's story and makes me care for it's characters much more than Undertale did. Your decisions have major consequences for the world and all the characters within it, and you will have to deal with the consequences.The puzzles are obvious enough that you shouldn't need to look up a guide on how to do them but they do require a little bit of thought to complete.There is no combat in this game, you just walk through it and interact with the world while experiencing the story. The art is phenomenal as well. I can heartily recommend OneShot to anyone looking to experience a well-written story.EDIT:So I've just finished Solstice.Solstice is the reason to buy this game over the freeware version. I'm not going to talk about it because going in blind is the absolute best way to experience OneShot and the Solstice chapter especially. OneShot is probably one of my favorite story experiences ever. I heartily recommend anyone reading this review play through it."
76561198176711023,Recommended,420530,30884443,Posted: 1 April,all,SamsonTheDog,"Wow what to say about this game other than amazingThe MC made me care more about this game in 20 minutes then other AAA titles did in 20 hoursThe world gives an atmosphere that invites you in and doesn’t let go, with unique characters that feel real and aliveThe cute OST that has some really emotional songs, with an ending that will leave you thinking about this game long after you finished itYou’ll be left wanting more, but the ending leaves one of the most satisfying feelings of remembrance as you know what you did was right no matter what choices you madeI recommend this game, wholeheartedly; it’s not a game you should skip10/10 (Just wish it was a little longer)"
,Recommended,420530,33605139,Posted: 17 July,all,Solaros,"OneShot.One of the best game I've ever played!This game was made on RPG Maker, I thought on this engine release only cheap RPG games because it's easy (I guess) to make. But I was wrong, game is amazing! It's first time when I played a game which communicate with me(new experience).All characters are awesome, especially Niko (not cuz it's main character).The plot is very fascinating and unusual. Puzzles are interesting, in some places they seem to be easy, but in others you need to use logic to solve them. Music is also well combined with the atmosphere (that is very well illustrated).So, I think it's a masterpiece.10/10"
,Recommended,420530,28434346,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,MrKicker,"If you've played Undertail, and are still desperetly looking for something to fill that void.This is it."
,Recommended,420530,28537797,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Jetti,"Beautiful game. Having played the original, I thought I knew exactly what I was diving into when I started up the Steam release, and while some parts were similar (mostly the beginning areas), there is a WHOLE lot of new content and puzzles that I didn't see coming. No spoilers, but the way the new ending sequence was executed really stuck with me, and boy, the pain this game caused my heart. Play this game as blind as you possibly can, and you will thank me for it.The art and music are beautiful, and though the puzzles aren't too challenging (and this is coming from someone who's terrible at puzzles), I still found them enjoyable. Niko is adorable and precious and anyone who hurts this cinnamon roll will have a meeting with my fist.The few downsides I have are that I wish there was a bit more interaction with the other characters (though it has been improved from the original), and that some of the 4th wall stuff is *slightly* buggy, though it's more of a minor annoyance than anything the inhibits the game in any way.10/10 would cry over pancakes again. Play this game.And now, to wait for the new content that will inevitably come in the future as I replay and cry over this game several times. All these little things the developers have hid around and the theories popping up kind of remind me of Gravity Falls, in a way. Which is definitely a good thing."
76561198048118731,Recommended,420530,31811828,Posted: 17 May,all,insert username here,"This is a great game! Fantastic story, chracters and mechanics!"
,Recommended,420530,31841221,Posted: 19 May,all,maxmurXd,"Taming is making a robot think that it is a real person (not a robot), but this game made ME feel like IT is REAL and not just a code. And also the music is AWESOME. Thank you for this game so much. 10/10, my favorite game."
,Recommended,420530,32713608,Posted: 23 June,all,Computercrafted,"After just finishing this game I honestly have no idea what to say. This is one of the best games I have played in a long time. Very rarely do I find myself emotionally connected with a game and it's characters, but this is something that OneShot perfected. With such an amazing story and ending, I would definately recommend this game to everyone."
76561198154533909,Recommended,420530,30736357,Posted: 25 March,all,Captain,"10/10 literally the most morally challenging game I have ever played, and you will see why when you play it. It all comes down to one question, ""What do I do?"" This will definitely be in my top 5 favorite games."
,Recommended,420530,30646934,Posted: 20 March,all,Imnooby ヌービー,Play it and you'll understand
76561198093069044,Recommended,420530,30784321,Posted: 27 March,all,Red.Dude115,"Best 2d story game ive ever seen, breaks the 4th wall in ways that seem real, and it pulls you in on an emotional level; from the characters realtion to one another as well as their relation to you."
76561198026187763,Recommended,420530,31409925,Posted: 27 April,all,Pazbee,"This game is downright amazing. I didn't think much of it at first (like most indie games with little-to-no promotion), but the more I played it the more I fell in love with it. In my opinion, here's what makes it so great:- It has the very uncommon trait of causing you to feel for the character(s). When they're sad, you're sad. When they're happy, you're happy. This helps so much in creating a bond between you and the main character.- It has some of the coolest puzzle solving aspects (like making you solve puzzles with hints that it practically throws onto your desktop wallpaper or documents folder), while still maintaining a simplistic style of gameplay.- The fact that the 4th wall is completely demolished is almost as amazing as both the way they put YOU in the game, and that it makes perfect sense how you're involved.- The story seems pretty generic and cliche at first, but then slowly evolves into something much more amazing. Then, it somehow tops that as well.- Practically half of what makes this game amazing, is it's wonderful retro/indie soundtrack. Every piece of this original soundtrack perfectly fits the environment or situation that you are in, and makes it memorable enough that I can easily remember the area I was in JUST from hearing the music alone.- The little details that it adds each time you play it, make this game so amazing.This game broke the 4th wall, broke my heart, and best of all broke my expectations. Without a single doubt in my mind, I give this a 10/10."
,Recommended,420530,32924283,Posted: 28 June,all,Teram,"A fine story for narrative games lovers.Puzzle that break the 4th wall, and feels, lots of them.It may be a bit short for some, but the game is really worth the purchase for its price"
,Recommended,420530,28265525,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Diachromatic,"The ambience and atmosphere of a game is extremely important to player experience, and many games either ignore this aspect or get it wrong. The music, sound design, art style, graphic effects and map design all help to create this immersive, atmospheric world. I feel a sense of engagement with this game more than I do most other games. I want to learn everything I can about this world.OneShot stretches the boundaries to an extent that is hard to get right, and in a way that most developers would shy away from. To keep content unspoiled, I will only say that this game may make you rethink what immersive capabilities games can have, and what role you as the player hold within the games you play.This was an amazing game in its original freeware form, and it has only improved since then."
,Recommended,420530,28304343,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Squishy Pink Cat,"OneShot is a very atmospheric game that really draws you in within the first few minutes of gameplay. The soundtrack, artwork and characters are lovely, and I can't remember the last time a game made me feel so conflicted over making a decision. One of my favourite aspects however is the unique relationship between the player and the protagonist, which brings a level of immersion you very rarely find in other games.OneShot may be relatively short, but is a fantastic experience despite that and I highly recommend taking the time to play it if you can!"
,Recommended,420530,28414820,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,zero45,"Overall, awesome game. Well worth the price and your time to play it through.My breakdown below:Pros:-Does a better job breaking the fourth wall than The Stanley Parable and Undertale.-Main character is adorable and charming -- easy to attach to and important for driving great moments in the game.-Artwork found within the game is great.-The puzzles within the game are fun and funny.Neutrals:-Music needs some work in some areas but really hits it home at some scenes.-Some landscape areas are very simple / feel unpolished but in other areas it was great and filled with detail.-Many other characters you will encounter can be easily dismissed; but a select few will guide you to wanting a second play-through.Cons:-First play-through did not feel satisfactory enough; I was left pretty confused about the story.-Required looking at a guide / help at one point because of bug(s). :("
,Recommended,420530,28459373,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Rein,"If you want to experience real excellence in game design and storytelling, have $10 and about 4-5 hours, then PLEASE do yourself a favor and check out OneShot. I have never felt this type of connection with my player character in a game before. Niko is not simply your avatar in this digital world, he is a helpless being who you trusts you to protect him. At one point early on he told me he was scared of this machine and didn't want to get closer to it, but my gaming mind said ""yea whatever"" and directed him to inspect it closer. When he shrieked in terror and was almost injured by it my mindset completely changed - this game had made me feel bad for doing something to *my own character*.I could go on and on about the extent of my disappointment and dislike of Undertale, primarily because of its use of numerous critical game design faux pas, but also because it was ultimately completely underwhelming and did not warrant the extent that people lauded it as ""groundbreaking storytelling"". OneShot is everything I had hoped Undertale would be."
76561198040258452,Recommended,420530,28487855,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Colonel_S,"TL;DR: It's worth the full price IF you're interested in the story and the unique gameplay mechanics. 9.5/10Like many other reviews say, talking about this game from a story perspective at all will spoil it. It's better that you just play it for yourself.From a game perspective, this game is one of the rare blends of form and content that exist now. It's experimental and will puzzle you. It's a non-traditional puzzle game, and I appreciate that the puzzles it gives you are so unique to this genre. However, that said, the gameplay is fairly basic and some may take it's unique puzzles as gimmicky. If you're interested in seeing what a creative game is capable of performing, then definitely take a look.What I will say about the story is that it's a deep, meditative experience that helps you learn more about yourself and how you see the world around you. I honestly don't think I've had a game break through to the real world as much as this little game has. It's a short and sweet experience that I honestly think everyone should play."
76561198113965204,Recommended,420530,30902361,Posted: 2 April,all,[SeA]KelTheSkeleton,"Is... it over... I don't know, I can't tell.... I feel like I've been so immersed I don't know what's real anymore.The play button I want to click it... again... see him again... but at the same time I don't.... He doesn't need to...I'm so confused.... so sad..... so torn.I feel like i've gained and lost something important playing this.10/10 Emotionally traumatized would play yet not play again."
,Recommended,420530,28758790,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,RedC!,"One Shot is probably one of the best story-driven i've played with Undertale this year !This game is absolutely amazing !The plot is engaging and sweet. Niko, the main character is very likeable. I liked exploring each detail, secrets and dialogs that this game can offer. This game is quite short though but you're quickly involved in the story. Music is simple but fits very well the scenes. Puzzles are fun BUT what makes this game so incredible is the 4th wall breaking !It's hard to tell much about that without spoiling..If you like to play story-driven to drop yourself into, well you'll be amazed by this one.8/10, won't eat pancakes the same way twice..."
,Recommended,420530,32649893,Posted: 22 June,all,SQUISHY,"I want to tell you each and every reason why you will fall in love with OneShot - a criminally underplayed surreal top down adventure puzzler created in a modified RPG Maker engine by a team of just three. I want to tell you all about the characters whose brief but loveable interactions will bring a smile to your lips. I want to tell you about the world that will slowly, softly lure you in. I want to tell you how when you're done it will all feel like a dream. Sadly, I think that any breath or whisper of knowledge I passed to you would undoubtedly steal something precious from you. I won’t - I can’t - bring myself to tell you the things I desperately want to, but I will do my best to make you give it a chance regardless.The story of OneShot begins in a desolate, moonlit room. It begins, like most games, with a character. A young girl with bright yellow eyes and a blue scarf named Niko who must return the sun to its rightful place. Together, you and Niko will go on a journey to save a world that might be beyond saving. Together being the key word as Niko, the people, and the world itself all know of your existence. Not your avatar or reputation, but you yourself, sitting a world away on the other side of the screen with all the excitement, trepidation, or even cynicism that you always have when starting a new game. And that’s the magic of OneShot - at its heart, it is a story about the stories we tell and the worlds we build. Through this, it tries to bridge the gap between reality and fiction asking questions about the nature of narrative mediums or, by extension, the nature of reality itself. Even more impressively it manages not to fall into the trap of pretension along the way by tying these themes with the more down to Earth ideas of childhood, purpose, and even mortality without slapping the player in the face with them.The game lives up to its name. After finishing OneShot, I won’t ever go back. I can’t bring myself to open the game again, not even to get that final missing achievement - and I caution you would-be players not to make my mistake if achievements are something you care about. The story has ran its course; the world feels like it doesn’t have a place for me anymore. But it still has one for you if you are willing to give it that chance and I hope you will take it up on the offer."
,Recommended,420530,30774689,Posted: 27 March,all,Junaphi,"I remember adding this game to my wishlist when I went through the queue thing in Steam Store. It looked nice and it had so many overwhelmingly positive reviews, so I just had to try it out... and man, am I ever so happy that I did. This game was honestly such a treat and by far one of the best games I have played in a while! The new update, Solstice, was an amazing finishing touch to it and made the game so much more fun.The graphics are simple, yet very charming and beautiful. Same goes for the soundtracks!What I love most of all are the characters, specially Niko. Not only that, but you yourself (the player) are a very importantcharacerin this game as well and it made it so much more immersive than I thought it would at first. The way the game breaks the 4th wall and how you have to solve certain puzzles... I cannot really explain it into words and all I can say is:This game is absolutely worth your time!"
,Recommended,420530,30804776,Posted: 28 March,all,leomailoveforever,"How'd people thought that this game was going to be this deep, complicated and contains lots and lots of squares and clovers?I mainly bought this game because I do enjoy playing these types of RPG maker-based puzzle games and had a lot of positive reviews. Now I know why this game has overwhelmingly positive reviews.IT OVERWHELMED MY EMOTION SO MUCH that I almost cried.The story, ending,.. and WHY IS THE NIKO HAS TO BE SO CUTE AND ADORABLE?!!!Ambiant music played in great role too. The atmosphere was so ""right"" that kept me wondering around for clues, more people to talk to, and more puzzles to solve.All of the puzzle are actually quite easy, despite the game sometimes asks you to think outside of the box.There are plenty of clues and directions that just enough for you to stay on track, but not too much so the game goes dull. The difficulty balance on this game is just stunning. The satisfaction you get by solving puzzles piece by piece is amazingly good.There is always something new that you would never expect to encounter. Yet when you do, you dont feel alienated. This is one of the greatest game I have ever played. And I have played OFF, Undertale, and Yume Nikki. That's saying a lot.If you are hesitating, get it.If you dont feel like it, get it. You will thank me later."
,Recommended,420530,28808989,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Wendy Clitlock,Unique story and mechanics along with heart pulling endings.
76561198257979613,Recommended,420530,33378889,Posted: 8 July,all,ThisIsN64,"This game is amazing, while it might not really meet your expectations of a ""game"" it's really the story that counts. This game makes you care  about it's characters and it's story. You meet all sorts of people with their own personalities and dialogue to really make it feel like a living breathing world."
,Recommended,420530,32940774,Posted: 28 June,all,Intropervert,The game broke the 4th wall and my heart as wellA beautiful game by design and storywise holds up very promisingLike Puzzle Solving Games - Get thisDont like Puzzle Solving Games - Get this
76561198285795818,Recommended,420530,31105847,Posted: 12 April,all,Undieying,I completted the game it was the best game iv ever played you find a link to you and niko when playing this what makes your decision hurt you no matter what you pick at the end of this game 10/10 if you are going to buy just know you will cry at the end no matter who you are
,Recommended,420530,30913976,Posted: 2 April,all,SleepyFishcakes,"Top of the notch RPG story-based game, though that's not saying much compared to novels."
,Recommended,420530,31710448,Posted: 12 May,all,Fight For What's Tight,"This game... Damm, this game moved me.Basically, OneShot is about its protagonist, Niko. He wakes up in a strange world and eventually finds a lightbulb. When placed atop a tower, this lightbulb acts as a sun, and Niko must bring it there.This game is amazing. Rather than sucking you into the world with interesting or fun characters that you just want to care about and be with, you ARE a character in this game, and the character you play as constantly talks to you in his dialogue, and is also just a lovable character. It makes you feel more like a part of the world. And a lot of the music in the game's soundtrack is low and melancholy, fitting the games (literal) dark atmosphere. there's still plenty of humor to be found though. As for how long the game keeps you entertained. Beating the game should take around 4-5 hours depending how good you are at puzzles. but it's similar to games like Undertale. One playthrough is shorter than your usual one, but things change after one playthrough.There's even a secret ending that should take longer than the rest. However, Undertale is a quirky, more cheerful game most of the time, OneShot tells a rather dread tale of a doomed world that is accepting its death.and one more thing. You have to break the 4th wall to solve certian puzzles, like going into files and stuff. And that's pretty cool.But every game has it's flaws. As the name ""OneShot"" suggests, the replayability is pretty bad. In fact, you can't replay the game untilyou beat the true ending. However, the devs used this aspect as plot for the true ending, or Solstice run, so that was pretty clever.In the end, I absolutely loved OneShot. It's got an amazing story, charming characters, good humor, and the game breaks the 4th wall in unexpected ways. I'll always recommend this game."
76561198056902770,Recommended,420530,30781216,Posted: 27 March,all,Lios,"Before 27/3/2017It's a fun little game with simple 4th wall breaking and a short little story full with fun characters, but it still takes some work.After 27/3/2017OH GOD MY HEART WHY, i want to open the game again, but i dont, but i want... i can't, i made a promise to you Niko, let's remember the adventure we had togheter my friend."
76561198002826497,Recommended,420530,32859596,Posted: 27 June,all,Ginsu48,Never forget me or this world...As for the review. Just play the game. It's beautiful and well crafted.
,Recommended,420530,31284383,Posted: 21 April,all,The Classy Cat,2 things I'll never forget:1) Alamo2) Niko :'(
,Recommended,420530,31284457,Posted: 21 April,all,erksYo,It catches you by surprise and draws you in right away. Great for a game to finish in a weekend.
,Recommended,420530,33711438,Posted: 21 July,all,Wintymint,"It gives you that feeling that you get after you've watched that one really good movie.It wasn't a movie, though.It was the most emotional, immersive, and addicting game I've ever played.I've never cried so hard about a video game. I got way too attached to the characters, and the story... I totally reccomend this game. It's a true masterpiece, and you'll be inexplicably happy about the gameuntil you start trying not to be inexplicably sad about the ending."
76561198202436154,Recommended,420530,31285051,Posted: 21 April,all,Icarus__Fallen,Stupendous Story!Superb Soundtrack!Pretty Pixelated Universe!Engaging Environment!I loved it: 10/10 from me :D!
,Recommended,420530,33758452,Posted: 23 July,all,Midi Blitz,"My friend wouldn't stop bugging me about it, so I finally decided to--OH MY WORD THAT CAT IS ADORABLE!!!100%'d.I mean, had to go through three runs of the game because I messed up the Oneshot achivement, but it was all worth seeing every ending.12/10"
,Recommended,420530,29093178,Posted: 7 January,all,Grand Master Dev Oshisaure,"Pros: Very well-made game, changed my opinion on RPG Maker to be completely honest. Interesting gimmicks, strong atmosphere, all that.Cons: I have now crippling depression.On a more serious note, don't play this if you're a paranoid. Otherwise give it a shot, or even m-- oh wait..."
,Recommended,420530,28469184,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,File Not Found,"A lovely, if not short game. I feel like I explored just about everything that there was to discover in the span of 4 hours or so.That being said, I wish that it were possible to forget everything and restart fresh from the beginning. It was a great ride."
,Recommended,420530,34141123,Posted: 10 August,all,64Kusuki,give it a try. I'm not going to spoil it here.
,Recommended,420530,30790274,Posted: 28 March,all,★ Zurich Malgam ★,"What 4th wall?If you thought Undertale was good, well here is a game that probably outdid it in EVERY WAY POSSIBLE, BEFORE UNDERTALE EVEN EXISTED! (Disclaimer: This is a more recent remake of OneShot, so this remake came a bit after Undertale. The original, however, came before Undertale)STORY! HEART WRENCHING!PUZZLES! EVEN MORE PUZZLY!MUSIC! SO MUSICAL AND EMOTIONAL, THAT YOUR EARS MIGHT AS WELL EXPLODE FROM EMOTIONS!So throw away all your knowledge of the 4th wall ladies and gents, because you, Niko, and the computer guy have just TURNED IT INTO DUST!Moral of the story: BUY. THIS. GAME. IT WILL CHANGE YOUR LIFE.(first time i've ever cried about a game award goes to OneShot)"
,Recommended,420530,28892956,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,¥ Xanestus,"I don't know if I can explain why I love this game so much without writing a whole essay that spoils everything but here goes.-Right off the bat, you have to solve puzzles to proceed past the first room. Nothing is explained to you. You have to gather information from the environment to figure out how to progress.And when this game tells you to interact with everything? You interact withEVERYTHING. The subtlest clues found on random objects means the difference between getting stuck and dropping the game, and making progress on saving this dying world.After playing for a bit and exploring the surrounding areas, you (as the player) begin to learn your role; and the game separates you from Niko (the child protagonist) seamlessly. Once this separation is established, the world begins to interact with you and Niko as different people.There's no underlying tones in the game;everything's dying, plain and simple. You and Niko only haveone shotto prevent it.And the soundtrack! My God!The music helps present the decay and hopelessness of each area when working in conjunction with the color schemes!Barren wastelands with no sentient organic life?There's a sound for that now!This game has already taken over the Favorite Game, Featured Game, and Featured Badge parts of my profile.Unironic10/10,I'm actually buying this game for a friend right now.-I just hope to God this game doesn't get the Undertale treatment. It deserves so much better."
,Recommended,420530,31055848,Posted: 10 April,all,kikopower2,Better than Undertale? That's a tough question... NOT! OneShot worth your time and money! The ambient music and graphics and smooth and soothing. The puzzle are very challenging but are solvable if you're a computer geek or engineer.  Best game of the year... But will there be another game that's 3x's as better than OneShot and Undertale combined? Who knows... Only time will tell...
,Recommended,420530,28310324,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,jichi000,A strange game.The only winning move is not to play.--------------------------------------------------------I was wrong.
76561198057482188,Recommended,420530,30043059,Posted: 19 February,all,Reverud-san,OneShot will stand as one of the strongest titles of 2017.Enjoy this heartwarming journey of Niko.
76561198067636614,Recommended,420530,28323257,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Weedy Wine,"Excellent game, avoid spoilers at all costs to keep the shock and epiphany elements intact as these add so much to the game. Great atmosphere, puzzles, and characters. The distance between check points was a tad bit aggravating, but all in all a perfect little game."
,Recommended,420530,30506068,Posted: 14 March,all,¡ IanBoy ¡,Great game with a nice plot. A little minus on the item finding but other then that you should definitely play this game
,Recommended,420530,30645437,Posted: 20 March,all,Veritai,"Mystifying, then surprising, then engaging, then…Then I don’t know. Haven’t finished it yet. But I’m very much looking forward to it. I wonder if that’s how my god feels about me?"
76561198182329273,Recommended,420530,28853341,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,ElementEngineering,10/10 would make the hardest decision in my life. ( It literally took me a hour to make this decision.)Also buy this game and make more trading cards. I need the maxed out badge.
76561198047430797,Recommended,420530,28880883,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Kyrie,Lightbulbs are fragile. So are hearts.</3  QnQ
76561198099478154,Recommended,420530,28356708,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Moose519,"I loved this game! like... a lot and stuff... its really good, and it gets you attached to the characters and very immersed within... 11/10 Would give another shot!"
,Recommended,420530,28340921,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,The Whiff King,"A cute little hyperaware game about a young girl saving the world. Or is she? OneShot is something kinda special, and definitely one of those cases of ""You should know as little as possible before going into this.""The art style and characters are super adorable, while the music and atmosphere manage to sustain a slight tinge of uneasiness throughout the world.The puzzles are rather easy, but I don't believe they were intended to be super difficult.If you're just looking for a short game with some rather cryptic replayability, you really should look into playing this game."
,Recommended,420530,28283587,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Firentis,"Absolutely grab this hidden gem of a game.OneShot has a great story between you and the main character while breaking the third wall,I highly reccomend this game for these reasons-Great Story-Great Characters-I ended up getting emotionally attached to the main character-Graphics are good-Music was nice and blended in nicely the entire game and matched each situation; - ; i miss niko"
76561198130255396,Recommended,420530,33159620,Posted: 2 July,all,DudeWithAName,"Please just buy this game, I'm so thankful for the review I read saying to just shutup and buy it. This game... it feels real, I cant explain, no words to describe this game. Made me baby cry, I want to thank whoever made this and who made characters so lovable in this game. Thankyou.P.S, Please do solstice mode, Wont regret it."
76561197972382461,Recommended,420530,33092480,Posted: 1 July,all,DoGCyN,"Wow. Incredible. Well done developers. I don't believe I've ever played a game that 1) broke the 4th wall and 2) broke the 4th wall as well as this one does/will.Story: 8/10 - The story in and of itself is good, but not great. What's incredible about this game however, is how the story is told. It's brilliant. I give it a high 8 because of how well the developers pulled it off. I refuse to spoil any details, but if you are a story driven gamer like myself, you'll absolutely want to play this. You'll 100% understand what I mean once you dive into it.Gameplay: 9/10 - The gameplay hinges on some 4th wall stuff, along with some in-game-kind-of-puzzle-solving. Can't say much more unfortunately.Sound/Music: 10/10 - The sound effects feel simple, but fit so damn well with everything going on. The typing sound effects as text flies across the screen, the subtle footsteps that you hear just about everywhere you walk (excluding soft things like carpet; great detail!), and the incredible music that plays everywhere you go. I just love it all.Silent Hill fans rejoice (the first 3)! Upon starting this game, you'll feel utterly nostalgic at the setting and music. It doesn't stay that way, just the beginning. But you'll totally understand what I mean in that very first room.Overall: 9.5/10 - I don't think the game itself is perfect, but what it achieves, all with the incredibly small development team, is unbelievable. Take notes Ubisoft/Square Enix/Activision/EA. This is how you make a game. This is how you think outside the box when telling a story. This is how you think outside the box period."
,Recommended,420530,33143420,Posted: 2 July,all,ddchdrn,"An atmospheric adventure where YOU are one of the main characters. Good story with puzzles being the main gameplay element. Although some of the puzzles are very easy, they are very different than you've probably gotten used to and will surprise you."
,Recommended,420530,34700083,Posted: 2 September,all,Dread Pirate Tuco,I'm a ♥♥♥♥ing idiot for crying at the true end of the game. This is a stupid game that makes you cry. It's dumb. *Wipes tear* Don't play it unless you want it to make you feel like a baby. ♥♥♥♥ I sobbed so hard and I'm normally a stoic guy.Stupid OneShot. Stupid emotions. ♥♥♥♥ing stupid low price tag. Ofcourse I recommend it.
,Recommended,420530,30225732,Posted: 27 February,all,Air Bud 7: The Euthanasia Saga,"I love how cute this game is. The story is enveloping and the music is AMAZING. I absolutely love it. Got a real Undertale feel to it, too."
,Recommended,420530,29602151,Posted: 31 January,all,aerozol,What a beautiful experience.
76561198044333584,Recommended,420530,28833714,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,AigisBuster,OneShot is one of the few games that I have played recently that really stuck with me afterwards. It is agood game. I highly recommend it.
76561198170211531,Recommended,420530,28817053,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,weston52003,I liked the way it developed niko and the cool little easter eggs in the game. The fourth wall breaking was cool too.P. S.Good luck getting the end
,Recommended,420530,29332751,Posted: 18 January,all,Sue,+ Unforgettable characters+ Beautiful story/plot+ Incredible graphics+ Good puzzles+ Nice endings- Short story- Big map9/10
,Recommended,420530,29023146,Posted: 4 January,all,Marenzie,"Absolutely amazing. Short, sure, but incredibly interesting! The music, the art, the game mechanics, everything is a bit of fresh air and honestly kind of crazy in how impactful it can be. I'd recommend this to just about anyone."
,Recommended,420530,28673345,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,LuZee,"It's hard to tell much about this game without spoiling details one should experience for theirselves.OneShot is not a usual game. You will guide a kid through a world - foreign to both of you - to save? it.But you are not alone. You are not... just the player.The style of the game is quite simple but consistent and very pretty. The soundtrack fits the scenes very well and is quite pleasing to listen to. Gameplay is mostly walking around, talking to people, collecting stuff and combine it with other stuff.And remember... you only have one shot! (?)"
,Recommended,420530,28887333,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Allthegoodnamestaken,"There've been a lot of comparisons between OneShot and games like Undertale, and I can't exactly disagree with that - they're both meta-games about children falling into mysterious worlds and being given impossible tasks - but I personally feel that comparison doesn't capture the game's greatest strengths. Yes, it's a meta game, and yes, it does all sorts of clever and unique things along those lines, but I'd still be recommending it even if you took all of that out. For me, the game succeeds for the same reasons I still read Calvin & Hobbes 20 years after it ended - both stories do a truly remarkable job of presenting children that act and interact with the world like actual children instead of miniature adults or blithering idiots. Because of that, it's easily able hit whatever tone it wants to - comedy, tragedy, lite horror, etc - without feeling the least bit cheap. It's not the first game to accomplish that, obviously, nor even the first made in RPGMaker, but that's where the meta aspects come in - you'll no doubt have seen parts of OneShot before, but it makes it all feel unique because of how it uses you and your computer as part of the game.There's a ton I could say about how well all of those mechanics play together, but that'd ruin the surprise. Highly recommended."
76561198072760026,Recommended,420530,29366703,Posted: 19 January,all,Flaming Panda!,"Well worth the price to play.  I love quirky games that mess with your pc.  It's sort of a pscyhological thrill, since our pcs are kind of like our own personal sancturaries.  You'll be exploring, interacting, collecting, combining. solving puzzles.  There were a couple times, where I thought I'd have to use a guide, but then at the last second, I'd have the ""Ah ha"" moment and remember something from before.The soundtrack is simple, but pairs perfectly with the differenct locations and and beautiful scenes,  No spoilers, but the ending was a bit abrupt for me, and I wish I could have seen some sort of story extension, maybe a bit more exposition into what happens to the protaganist, after the ending.Someone else said, that this had 10x more feel vibes than undertale.  It was that single review, that caused me to purchase this game, since I love undertale.  I do have to disagree with the review now though.  While the characters and story are amazing, they didn't tug at my heart like Undertale did.Try the game, it's a solid purchase."
,Recommended,420530,30573496,Posted: 17 March,all,NilkadNaquada,"This game feels like the proper evolution of old-school point and click adventure games; Telltale have certainly done well for themselves with their cinematic, QTE-heavy story games, but OneShot properly adapts the laid-back, contemplative style of many old point and clicks into the modern era while fixing many of the issues present in the genre. The game consists of exploring interesting, atmospheric locales, talking to charming characters, and solving inventory puzzles, which is all pretty familiar, but where it really shines is in some of the late-game reveals which I won't spoil here, the depth and breadth of the worldbuilding crammed into such a small game, and the fact that the puzzles all make rational sense and are signposted well. It's got the writing and atmosphere to stand next to point and click giants like The Secret of Monkey Island and Day of the Tentacle, with a much smoother, more stylish, and cleverer presentation."
76561197993568896,Recommended,420530,30649813,Posted: 21 March,all,Südjemens,"I am getting tired of 8bit-esque games very fast, and after looking at the screenshots, i thought ""meh, another undertale clone""after reading through the reviews for a while, i tried it out. Like prople LOVE this game and i have never even heard about it.Just buy it (even full price or right now on sale).The tone of the game, the artstyle, the main character, everything gets you the second you boot the game up.The dialogues are interesting, the puzzles are simple but very fun and the game brakes the 4th wall in a way which makes me connect even more to my main character and i actually care about him.I recommend not to look up walkthroughs and figure it out on your own, then completing a puzzle gets even more enjoyable!tl;dr: Even if you tired as hell of all the 8bit games and undertale clones, buy this game. If you have at least d drop of gaming spirit in you, you will love it, i promise!"
76561198074847401,Recommended,420530,28365019,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Inanity?,"Saw it come up in the Adventure section and figured I'd give it a shot (heh heh). The puzzles were challenging but still logical, with very few guess-the-item spots. Exploration is essential, many clues to progress are scattered on pages throughout the world.Despite featuring no combat and few immediate threats to the player, the game is suspensful and never boring. If you love adventure games or games with great stories and good puzzles, give it a try!"
,Recommended,420530,30642821,Posted: 20 March,all,PeculiarCarrot,"Amazinggame. Adorable, serious, and genius, with a few funny moments sprinkled throughout. The story was incredible and the worldbuilding was pretty great. That's my biggest recommendation for buying this: the story. The puzzles really good as well, though a couple times I found the solution to a puzzle before I really knew what the problem was, which just resulted in a few minutes of running around. Not a big deal. The music is beautiful, and the cutscene art isfantastic. Highly recommend this one."
76561198108157877,Recommended,420530,30639996,Posted: 20 March,all,icecheetah,"I had played the original way back when it was released. With the original, I downloaded it to two different computers so I could see both endings but couldn't bring myself to make the choice I didn't the first time. With this remake and the change in systems, I finally got to see both.At first I did not know how this game would work as a game one actually pays for. The whole mechanic of 'you can only play once, and btw closing the game kills the pc' was fine in the freeware version but I felt that in a game people paid actual money for would draw ire. And the creators of the game managed to work being able to play again into the story of the game and build up on it all further.It was well worth getting this for me."
76561198161451110,Recommended,420530,30818701,Posted: 29 March,all,Astroshadow531,"OMG. This game absolutley blew my mind. I fell in love with the art and the characters so quickly, and the puzzles were challenging yet simple! Absolutley loved the player to game interaction, very excellent programming done."
76561198142358360,Recommended,420530,30813920,Posted: 29 March,all,кахеюшка,"An incredibly rich and heartwarming story disguised as a simple puzzle game.What makes OneShot so unique is that you, as the player, are able to interact often with the main character of this story. I wasn't expecting such a complex narrative when I first played, and by the end of my first run I was practically sobbing.(Tips!)(Do not use any achievement guides until you've finished your first playthrough!)(Try not to use autosaves and progress until Niko wants to rest!)"
76561198258479299,Recommended,420530,30822314,Posted: 29 March,all,inbetweenfractals,"It was already a fantastic game, but the soltice update has made it one of my favorite games ever."
76561198131767146,Recommended,420530,30820054,Posted: 29 March,all,banenana,"I have no words, no way to truly describe this game, but it was just such an experience, way beyond what I ever could have imagined it being.All I can say is, just play it."
76561198293983300,Recommended,420530,30820309,Posted: 29 March,all,darkmoon12354,help I'm stuck were I want to restart it but idk how D:
76561198262819441,Recommended,420530,30821219,Posted: 29 March,all,Xilinisha,"This game leaves me at a total loss for words...I love it to death, the npc's I met throught the first playthrough made it impossible for me to destroy the lightbulb cause they all were counting on Niko and I to fix their world...I loved the cut scenes as well and that hidden ending of yours was heart warming as much as it was heart breaking...I loved every minute of it"
,Recommended,420530,30821342,Posted: 29 March,all,Eglo,An absolutely incredible experience. Loved the story. Expectations were surpassed. 11/10.
,Recommended,420530,30781478,Posted: 27 March,all,Ｍｏｒｇａｎｅ.,it broke my heartbefore and after the updateI'm crying feels now
,Recommended,420530,30777103,Posted: 27 March,all,Nettrow,"I.......Can't begin to describe what this game was like to play.  It's someting you have to see for yourself, you have to experience it first hand to understand what it's like.OneShot is one of those games that people say are amazing, but can't tell you why, because it will ruin it by giving a simple example of why it is.This game is VERY well made, and is some of the best story telling I think i'll see for an extremely long time. In due time, the internet will most likely explode with this, and will either see its worth (or more likely) run it into the ground with bias hate. So before that happens, do yourself a favor any play this before that happens."
,Recommended,420530,29179254,Posted: 11 January,all,open fire,"OneShot is one of the best games I've played (and completed to 100%) in a while. It's a beautiful game in and out. This review is going to be very spoiler heavy. Spoilers will be blacked out and tagged, but I'm going to leave this warning here anyways. And a note beforehand if you happen to read this review and decide to try the game:Don't play the game in full screen. I played my first run of the game in full screen because I can't stand playing games in windowed mode. However, this game is the one exception. For reasons you'll find out during the game, having the game in full screenbreaks the immersion and flow of gameplay, at least for me. I wish I had taken the games advice, that says while full screen is an option, it's best to play the game in a windowed mode. I learned my lesson in my first run, and did my entire second run in windowed mode.I purchased OneShot during the Steam Winter Sale. I've had it on my wishlist since it was announced on Steam, because this was a game I had been looking forward to for a while. And while a few others might not think it, I think the game was worth the sale price of $8.99 USD, and if it weren't for a few things I found ""wrong"" (note: not anything actually wrong, just a few things the game did that I thought could have been executed better), I would say it should be sold here on Steam formorethan it's usual price.Graphically, it's without a doubt one of the best games made on the RPG Maker Engine that I've ever played. If I hadn't known prior to hearing about the game, I never would have guess this was made on the RPG Maker Engine. This is coming from someone who's a long time user of the RPG Maker line, and making countless projects on the RPG Maker Engines (though none officially finished, I did put a lot of work in to them). I can tell that a lot of hard work, heart, and soul went in to making OneShot. The sprites, tile sets, and icons were very well made and worked together well. There were maybe only a few places in the game where the assets didn't blend well, and that was only spotted after looking at the area for a long time and admiring the landscapes. Thepost-saving ""cutscenes"" (still frame drawings that gave information about Niko) that you get upon letting Niko rest, closing, and  re-launching the gamewere very well done and in a beautiful water color style.Musically, it's also very well made. It's nothing over the top, but the music (and lack of it in some scenes) found every place of the game fit right in and portray the atmosphere very well.The game is also very creative (mild-to-hard spoilers start here) in the way itseperates You (the ""God"") of their world, Niko (the ""Messiah"" from another world), the Entity (the ""Spirit of the World"" who communicates through the computer terminals found throughout the world), and the last figure who is never named (if they were, I didn't catch it) who helps you during the last few puzzles.It's one of those games that go far out of it's way tobreak the fourth wallbut does it and manages to do it right. The puzzle parts of the game where youhave to go looking in different places in your computer (your desktop background, your documents folder, your local data, etc;) are well planned and are executed well given that you're not playing in full screen. Playing in full screen is not game breaking, but does break the flow of the game in my opinion (see the note I left at the second paragraph of my review).In my two playthroughs, I only encountered one bug, and it was my own fault. Switching between full screen and windowed mode via F8 while sending Niko to bed causes the game to stop responding and close.However, the game would close after sending Niko to rest anyways, and it doesn't count as closing the game manually for those achievement hunters / players of the original version of OneShot. You'll still keep your progress towards the OneShot achievement and have no punishments.Asides from that, there are only a few things I think that the game could have done better.While the game had a nice fast-travel system, I think it could have been executed better if it were replaced with a world map that included the fast travel system sort of the way Skyrim did it. You couldn't fast travel to a location you haven't been to yet, and you can't fast travel indoors or during cut scenes (obviously). The names of locations in the fast travel system should also pop up upon entering them, because there were a few places in the game where I went to fast travel but wasn't sure which location I was going to due to not knowing if it was the right name or not. The only other thing I would think the map could include was small sprites of key-people you've met in that area, such asthe cafe keeper, The brother and sister in The Glen, etc;.As well written as the game was, I think that there should have been more dialogue in the game betweenYou and Niko, Niko and NPCs, etc.The character with the most dialogue in the game besides Niko seemed to be the Librarian in Refuge Surface. And that's only becauseshe's a die head who's personality changes each play though. So while she does have the most unique dialogue in the game besides Niko, it's impossible to see it all in one play though, so it doesn't really count in my opinion.There were parts in the game whereyou and Niko would have conversations. Some of the conversations with Niko however were very one-sided. While you do get to have a lot of conversations with Niko (due to the God / Messiah relationship), for some conversations you only have the option of replying with one thing. There's not even two options, just one option.Niko was without a doubt the most fleshed out character in OneShot due to him beingone of the main characters, but there was from what I felt a lot of missed opportunity with a lot of the NPCs in the game.Probably the last thing I think the game could have done was have a hint system. WhileThe Entitywould occasionally give you hintsthrough their computer dialogue, that was maybe three times in the entire game. There were also a few hints on how to make items out of the item you found throughout the game, but I had a problem finding a few key items and places in the game. I might just be tired, but I read other reviews and wasn't the only one saying this (same with the map idea).With those being the only things the game could do better in my opinion, and the only thing wrong with the game being opinions that are just minor improvements and not game breaking bugs, I definitely think that OneShot is a beautiful game that I would recommend to anybody looking for a game with a good amount of replayability, a great story, and wonderful art. I highly recommend you give it a try."
,Recommended,420530,30888316,Posted: 1 April,all,««Xelphosis»»,Too much spooky 4th wall breaking for my heart.
76561198053281689,Recommended,420530,30891833,Posted: 1 April,all,Flamestripe,"This game was one of the best games i have played ever, it is absolutely unique in the way it allows the player interract with the game. The story is captivating and combined with the gameplay, draws you further in as you continue to play it, making you want to keep going. The puzzles are great in each area, as well as the soundtrack complimenting the environment in each place. I 100% recommend this game to play.There has not been a single disappointment to me in this game, and it definitely has damaged me emotionally in both endings.I thank the creator and their team for this game, it has been a wonderful experience and i look forward to any future works they make; music, story, art, game. any of it. keep on creating"
,Recommended,420530,30886747,Posted: 1 April,all,Frosty,"An absolutely amazing game! I was recommended it by a friend who had recently played it, and it certainly did not disappoint. While it was a short game - I arrived at what could be considered the 'true' ending in about 6 hours - it certainly did not feel like it was short at all! Either it did not overstay its welcome, or I was so engrossed in it that time became irrelevant. While I crave more, I feel like the length of the game is perfect.It has a beautiful soundtrack that I could listen to for hours, a lovely art style (the main character in particular is adorable in appearance and personality and melts my heart), and a great cast of characters! No complaints there!As for mechanics - they are very, very creative. I don't want to speak too much about them here, so that the surprise won't be spoiled, but be ready for gameplay and puzzles that are completely different from (almost) any game you have played before! When the game tells you that it is best played in windowed mode, it means it.My only recommendation is this: if you get this game,PLAY IT BLIND. Seriously, do NOT spoil anything for yourself! Don't look up videos, don't look up walkthroughs or plot summaries - that will take every last ounce of fun out of the game.Overall, 10/10 game, and it easily makes it as one of my top favorite games of all time."
,Recommended,420530,30910830,Posted: 2 April,all,end3r_25,"This game is just absolutely incredible. It does an amazing job at breaking the fourth wall and bonding the character and the player to an emotional level. The idea of having the player converse with the character (Niko) really does help with the bonding and the relation between the two, which is not really seen too often in many games nowadays. And the feels man. THE FEELS. There are times where you may start feeling emotional (heck even I cried near the end). This is what makes this game absolutely incredible. The bonding the player has with Niko is something that a lot of other games miss out on. This is a great example of what a very story-driven game should be.10/10 would see Niko again :3"
76561198046343963,Recommended,420530,30908831,Posted: 2 April,all,Black Pearl,"I can't recommend this game enough. Never before have I felt so connected to a game charecter. Never before have I been so sad when the game ended. This whole game is a rollercoster of emotions, and an experience I won't soon forget."
76561198105915612,Recommended,420530,30927319,Posted: 3 April,all,Perfect Cell,"How to play this game. Step1: wait for everyone to be out of the hosue, Step 2: go grab a box of tissues, Step 3: lock yourself in your room, Step4 Play the game and Step 5: use said tissues to wipe awaythe tears"
76561198007480755,Recommended,420530,30928949,Posted: 3 April,all,Munchy,10/10 Would pet Niko again
,Recommended,420530,30886134,Posted: 1 April,all,Ranunculus Wands,"Ok. This game.I got this game with only a slight idea of what I was getting into. But man oh man, it dragged me into its world while simultaneously emphasizing how separate I was from it.  I love this game and have been gushing about it to my friends at every chance I got.  The story is so good, the art is gorgeous, the music is beautiful, and the emotions I felt playing this game were so real! And even from a logistics viewpoint, it provides a great ratio of hours of entertainment to cost of game.  Please buy this game, I can't emphasize this enough.On a separate note, George is my favorite and I wanna name my child after the sassy dice."
,Recommended,420530,30862436,Posted: 31 March,all,Nukertallon,One of the best games I've ever played. Breaks the fourth wall in a very unique way.
,Recommended,420530,30870335,Posted: 1 April,all,Carbon Helium,"When I first got OneShot, I wasn't expecting much. I though it was just your usual top down puzzle adventure game.Boy was I wrong...The game breaks the fourth wall. You aren't just guiding a cute loveable character, you are God. The game knows of your existence and reaches out for you to help. I was speechless at the end. To call it good is an understatementEverything about this game is amazing. The characters, music, gameplay, art and especially the story. OneShot is an absolute must have. Get it."
,Recommended,420530,30741293,Posted: 25 March,all,Cube,"If you are reading this, scroll right back up and buy this game! Don't risk any spoilers!"
76561198117312152,Recommended,420530,30869545,Posted: 31 March,all,Coachablespoon9,"This game is a very speical game with mehicanics that other games wouldnt dare do. I think you should just go into this game blindly and trust me its a good game just give it a try, it wont hurt :D"
76561198319747862,Recommended,420530,30842472,Posted: 30 March,all,dsmedina3398,"Before I played this game, I felt like it was over priced. But by the end of the game, I believe that the game is under priced for how phenominal the gameplay was. This is one of, if not the, best game I have EVER played on Steam."
,Recommended,420530,30842555,Posted: 30 March,all,Arach,Amazing game - skeptical at first but I've absolutely loved it. Highly recommend
,Recommended,420530,30763747,Posted: 26 March,all,Clees,"OneShot is one of the best PC games i've played in a long time. There's not a lot I can say about it without spoiling the game.However, the puzzles are some of the most creative, innovative i've seen in a piece of media. You have to litterally ""think outside the box"". Some of these puzzles were just uncredible.The story tugged at my heart, and I actually ended up crying at the end.The characters, while seemingly simple, are both well designed and likeable.If you have a few hours to kill, i'd highly recommend this game, it's a masterpiece in my eyes."
76561198037402613,Recommended,420530,30784389,Posted: 27 March,all,lissahearn,"Its amazing what a few years can do to a game.  I played the original a while back... or rather I tried to.  You see OneShot was made under the premise that you literally had only one shot at beating the game.  For the life of me I can't remember whether or not OneShot was made for Ludum Dare along with several other games that also revolve around the idea of ""one shot"" (for instance: the one arrow in Titan Souls) but I distinctly remember seeing the warning and making my way through the ruined world... only to stare in utter horror as my computer crashed and took my chance with it.Don't worry, OneShot does not retain it so you don't have to worry about that little nightmare.I got a new computer somewhat recently.  The revelation of a rerelease came as a surprise so I went looking for the old version to see if I could finally save the world.  And I did.  At times I was confused but eventually I found what I had to do.  Then I snapped up the commercial version.  While it is the same game, this version has been worked over extensively.  Locations expanded and rearranged, new things tucked away in corners, more people, more dreams, a whole new area to explore just before the final place, a complete overhaul of the stuff just before the final choice... and that's before the extra Solstice stuff!The look of the game has really been ramped up from the old version.  Not that the first was ugly or anything but everything looks better.  People look a little nicer and places have been really spruced up.  And the few full-window images?  Mmm...  Beautiful!It took me two hours to clear my first round of this version of the game.  It's taken me two more for my second run.  The third and perhaps final run with the new Solstice content will likely take yet another two or more hours.  So while there is no combat there is a lot to do.  My time would probably take longer if not for the teleportation function (THANK YOU for having that).This is going to sound trite but: I laughed, I cried, my blood ran cold the first time... well, I'm sure you know.  A few things have probably been spoiled to Hell and back by now thanks to the nature of the Internet.  The changes made to this version of the game made the penultimate stuff a lot more frustrating and made the finale very satisfying.  Kudos on that!In short: Get it.  The only way I think you might regret this game is if you're looking for a game with a combat system.I'll edit this after playing through Solstice.  No I won't have any blatant spoilers but I will have my thoughts on it.EDIT: Well.  That was one hell of a ride.  Every time I thought it couldn't... it did.  The ending?  Worth it.  So damn worth it."
76561198225209784,Recommended,420530,30785637,Posted: 27 March,all,Kevin,This hits me in the feels.
,Recommended,420530,30161275,Posted: 25 February,all,Grey Wolf,"People sometimes compare this game to Undertale, they're similar in someways and different in others. What Oneshot does is make a masterpiece in about 5-6 hours of gameplay. It creates a world and makes you feel attached to everything in it and with every encounter you face, whether its with a human, robot, plant, or animal. As of writing this review, I have not finished the game. I'm just staring at my moniter thinking if I should continue in one way or the other. Not a lot of games have made me feel so indecisive while having my heart and mind both battle over what to do. If you want a game that can make you tear up at 3 AM or whenever you play it, pick up Oneshot, it's well worth the $10, If I had played this game when it came out I'd have made it my GotY, so to remedy it I'll make Oneshot my GotY now. 10/10"
76561197997776625,Recommended,420530,30783641,Posted: 27 March,all,Nalgor,"Story goodPuzzles make you think outside the box (literally sometimes)Niko is adorableYou, the player, is an actual character in the story. The game knows you exist and many characters, including Niko, will talk about you.You can make Niko ride a roomba, which is extremely awesome.The game is a bit short, but oh boy you are in for a ride, buddy.The feels are too real."
,Recommended,420530,30783384,Posted: 27 March,all,nooGani,"This game is good. Really good. REALLY good.If you enjoy Undertale then this game is right up your alley. It's like Undertale, but better IMO. Hell, even if you didn't like Undertale, you'll probably like this as long as you like pixel graphic/amazing story games. There isn't just fighting, killing or mercy. Just puzzles, story, interesting characters, well executed 4th wall breaks."
76561198116217026,Recommended,420530,30766191,Posted: 26 March,all,Spirit Balanceholder,This game has made me care about fictional characters more than undertale did.
,Recommended,420530,30713168,Posted: 24 March,all,GaruuSpike,"This game put me on a tall, tall pedestal, and then gave me an impossible choice.And I probably made the wrong decision.Being God sucks.10/10"
,Recommended,420530,30763530,Posted: 26 March,all,big face,VERY GOOD
,Recommended,420530,30695004,Posted: 23 March,all,Homeless Gaming,"This is the first game that made me tear up, which neither Undertale nor To the moon had accomplished this. Why, you may ask? It's simply because this is the first game that I played that is speaking with you. This game literally makes you the owner, in such a way that you feel connected to the in-game world. You feel responsible for it, and what happens when responsibilty will be put to the test? That is only for you to uncover. As this game is best played with as little knowledge about it as possible."
76561198312411260,Recommended,420530,30823083,Posted: 29 March,all,chrissuperbob,a amazingly in depth game that makes you interact with the main character building a relationship through conversation making you care for her and the world she finds herself in. aswell as that every puzzle you solve only leaves you with more questions than answers making you want to learn more until you have read every book and page scattered across the world.   in my oppinion the only people who dislike this game are people who have not spent enough time in it. my only complaint would be that i wish there was more somehow alhtough that a good problem to have with a game.That said most people will  probably fully complete that game in about 9 hours which is rather good for 10 dollers .
,Recommended,420530,30957122,Posted: 5 April,all,Selwyn Coy,"OneShot is...something you should experience for yourself. Don't look anything up, just go in blind. It has my wholehearted recommendation. Take it from someone currently crying over the Solstice update."
,Recommended,420530,30951282,Posted: 4 April,all,Small Leviathan,"OneShot is truly one of a kind. It's a beautifully visualized story about hope and the burden of responsibility. OneShot is at times funny and cute and at times harrowing and melancholy, yet it is always deeply thought-provoking from start to finish. It's a game I wish I could forget so I could enjoy it anew all over again, and I strongly urge you to give it a shot.After all, you only get One Shot."
,Recommended,420530,28314902,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,FreeSpirit,"A game worth trying out for yourself and see what it has to offer. Deserves a spotlight in my books.Also, roomba adventures has the best gameplay it has to offer. 10/10"
76561198032246063,Recommended,420530,28317587,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,[TFU] Avrax,"Like a lot of people already said here, just trust the Very Positive review and jump in completely blind, this is the best way to fully enjoy this game.The main reason I bought this game, on December 9th, was because the game had a 100% positive review at that moment, which I don't see a lot around here so I was like ""Eh, why not"". I have no regrets.Saying pretty much anything about the game would be a spoiler, as everything from the story up to the game mechanics are so well made, it will certainly leave a strong impression on you.And yes, you can compare it to Undertale, in a certain way. So if you liked Undertale, there is a good chance that you will like this game too."
,Recommended,420530,28321368,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Mael,"You think you've figured out how it works but then it blows your mind again, 7/7"
,Recommended,420530,28985314,Posted: 3 January,all,UncleJan,I literally just finished the game and I can only say... wow... I'm speechless and I think I'm crying a bit... this game was wonderful...
,Recommended,420530,29164039,Posted: 10 January,all,👻Elson Spookwagon👻,"Where do i even begin with OneShot?Hmmmm, well first thing to point out is that you'll grow attatched to the characters of the game pretty quickly, Specificly the one your following around named Niko. The game is one of the best puzzle games ive ever played because of the fact that it really made me think about how to do things. And with the 4th wall breaking puzzles it made me think more then i ever would for a ouzzle game normaly.I loved playing this game, I lvoed the characters, and i even had a teary moment near the end having to choose between the choices of who/what to save. To anyone who would like to get into the game, my best way to summerize this game is basicly Undertale levels of character connections with the player, except with a more direct means and no combat whatsoever, purely puzzles, but puzzles that are excidily GOOD.I 100% reccomend getting this game to experience what it has to offer."
,Recommended,420530,29530272,Posted: 27 January,all,2trip,"I love this little game. Definitely one of the best I've played so far this year.Pros:Art/graphics are gorgeousStory is phenomenalAtmosphere is unique and envelopingCharacters are simple, fun and interestingMechanics/puzzles are delightfully twisty *Really hard to talk about mechanics without spoilers*Cons:Controls are a bit sluggishNo journal/record of hints, so you get lost if your attention lapses"
,Recommended,420530,29570773,Posted: 29 January,all,The Chunky Squirrel,"Absolutely ♥♥♥♥ing amazing game.Go buy it, now.Mindgames and feelings."
,Recommended,420530,31156344,Posted: 15 April,all,WobbliestCrab,"OneShot, easily my favourite game of 2017. This game... is unlike any other. It makes you feel emotions for characters in ways I can't begin to describe! The story is full of twists and turns, taking you and your little cat/person friend all over a world that truly feels alive, a world that you begin to genuinely care about. The puzzles left me in awe (and slightly paranoid if my computer might be sentient) and I can safely say that they were the most satisfying puzzles I've ever had the joy of solving. The music is fantastic and evokes deep emotions at the most critical moments of the fantastic plotline, my personal favourite being Alula's theme.To be honest I cannot praise this game enough. It's story isn't so long that it becomes dull, but isn't so short that you're left unsatisfied at the end. It's characters and their stories are compelling - I never thought I could become so attached to a bunch of pixels arranged on a screen - and the music, oh yes the music, if you thought Undertale had good music, then prepare to have your socks eviscerated off your feet, cause this game has some truly amazing scores!OneShot is a game that has captured my heart, where it shall remain until the day I die. Seriously, GO BUY THIS GAME RIGHT NOW."
76561198210311716,Recommended,420530,28456244,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Niko Niko Nii,10/10 would cry again.
76561198128590698,Recommended,420530,31187390,Posted: 16 April,all,Shadowblade,"I thought Undertale some great foruth wall breaks, but THIS takes it to a whole new level, while its a bit harder to fall in love with the chacters you feel closer to the main character, and all you want is for him/her to be safe. Its an amazing game, you need to buy this"
,Recommended,420530,29710111,Posted: 4 February,all,Nomad,oi this game is pretty legit-great charaters-great plot-mystery-cool world-fine puzzles-top teir musicAnd its only 10 bucks
,Recommended,420530,28654825,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Spooky Mother,This game isWorth a shot Ayy lmfao
,Recommended,420530,31165670,Posted: 15 April,all,Nuclear Nacho,"OneShot is one of the best games i've ever played with its mechanics and style! You play as a child named Niko who is in a mysterious world that is slowly dying. Niko the last hope and with your help is the only one who can bring the sun back to save this mysterious world, but along the way people will try to help you and stop you, but in the end it is up to YOU, yes YOU in the game to guide Niko to save the world, or return home!While your at it buy the OST as well because once you start playing this game you will regret not buying it, trust me lmaoAlso you get to watch a cat eat pancakes so why wouldn't you buy this game!?!Warning: Includes tear jerking moments that will make you cry, tissues not included :("
,Recommended,420530,29020128,Posted: 4 January,all,Mentha,holy moly
76561198269018172,Recommended,420530,31308783,Posted: 22 April,all,lightningrod1986,You only have Oneshot... And it's amazing!
76561198007518682,Recommended,420530,30910371,Posted: 2 April,all,Bastyan,"definitely a unique game of its time. Not a typical indie game, this is the kind of adventure that speaks to you emtionally. Given its colorful theme and intresting story I believe these kind of games really bring a needed experience to gamers. This particular game has never been anything I have ever played. It has the true ability to break the forth wall and attempts to make you one with the story. More game need to have this kind of plot, overall a great game to try.One Shot is a great game to get you involved with indie/adventure games."
76561198132005016,Recommended,420530,31300349,Posted: 22 April,all,LordOfFire5019,I was ready to play... I was not ready for the feels...
76561198052016919,Recommended,420530,31249798,Posted: 19 April,all,WolfPad,"Damn.This game is incredibly written and constructed. It's short, but the story is all there.I'm not ashamed to admit I might've shed a tear or two at some point."
76561198299293656,Recommended,420530,31150521,Posted: 15 April,all,Crizit,"one of the best game i ever played, with a soul touching and haunting ost, which fits perfectly with the story. Niko in time will make you feel connected (him/her) due to cuteness lv over 9000. 10/10 recommended.P.S. this game will make you shed and tear"
76561198070163212,Recommended,420530,31336163,Posted: 24 April,all,Kommipakk,"To all the people that say Undertale is a 10/10 game, this must be an 11/10"
76561198046326088,Recommended,420530,32204063,Posted: 5 June,all,Okami Amaterasu,Literally one of the best games I've ever played.
,Recommended,420530,31651672,Posted: 9 May,all,Noutaja,"An instant classic. A worthy addition to the library of anyone who is a sucker for unusual gameplay, good story and likeable characters. Sit back, relax and immerse yourself into the world and it's inhabitants.Another one of those games you really don't want to spoil in advance."
,Recommended,420530,29501229,Posted: 26 January,all,Lumen Celeritas,"Boy oh boy, this game sure messed me up emotionally.To be blunt, this is a game that's best played having been spoiled as few details about it as possible beforehand. That said, even if you've been spoiled a bit already on it, I fully believe this game would still find some way to catch you off guard, and it will almost definitely find a way to hurt your heart.It's up to you in the end, of course...but if you're interested enough in this game to be reading reviews for it, I'd say it's worth your time to give this game a shot~"
,Recommended,420530,30769864,Posted: 27 March,all,fastsugar,I cri'd like a lil bithc im.11/10
,Recommended,420530,33235780,Posted: 4 July,all,Metal Sonic,One of the best game on steamThat really all i need to sayNow go buy the game!!
,Recommended,420530,33262133,Posted: 4 July,all,Pr0ximityTV,"OneShot is game that requires great dedication. i didnt even play OneShot for the puzzles, i played it for the amazing story and things around during the game, so basically everything but the puzzles. I think that this game deserves a lot more praise because of how much thought was put into the game and how it manipulates the files and computer desktop to solve certain puzzles. i 100% RECOMMEND this to any person that loves games for stories and/or adventure"
,Recommended,420530,33312547,Posted: 6 July,all,Sirhcsus,"Engaging story, likeable characters and a wondrrful soundtrack. Glad to have had the experience. Well worth the purchase. :)"
,Recommended,420530,33320860,Posted: 6 July,all,Kinya,OneShot made me think outside the confinements of the game itself in order to progress through the story.Brilliant!
76561198314744335,Recommended,420530,33329290,Posted: 6 July,all,Space_tater,Right in da feels
76561198395168311,Recommended,420530,33293701,Posted: 5 July,all,SugarSmear,"Got this game at a time where I really needed a game like it in my life. Once I reached the end I took a long hard look at myself and felt like taking care of myself again. It's short and sweet with some creative puzzles, it looks nice, and the atmosphere is superb. The simple gameplay is not stressful and can be played even if you lack quick reflexes. I'm really happy I played it."
,Recommended,420530,30843120,Posted: 30 March,all,Tzen,"This is one of those games that reading reviews spoils the surprise!It is really easy to get into, has a very enjoyable story and some unique takes on the usual tropes of RPGs."
76561198393701564,Recommended,420530,32638104,Posted: 22 June,all,catluva.mc,"This isn't the type of game you read a review for. It's the type that you just jump into and experience. My time with OneShot was magical, and I recommend it to anyone who is willing enough to try it."
76561198146122874,Recommended,420530,33259368,Posted: 4 July,all,ClayBlocks,"Wow... Just... Wow!This is the most amazing game I have played in my life! The gameplay is great, the storyline captivates you immediately, and the ending is.... is..... Well you will just have to find that out yourself, wont you.Long story short: BUY IT!"
,Recommended,420530,33234716,Posted: 4 July,all,dweggyness,its nicei likethe cat is cute
76561198086227332,Recommended,420530,33238257,Posted: 4 July,all,That Gray Cartoon Pony,OneShot = Undertale as a puzzle gameThis statement doesn't make it less awesome. :3
,Recommended,420530,33252159,Posted: 4 July,all,ChihiroFujisaki,"The story seems harmless at first, a standard child must save a dying world story, then you start to explore the world in depth, and see just how much detail and effort the devs put in, you keep plaing through the game and you start to realize that the game itself seems to be aware of what is going on, and it keeps getting more and more intense up until the end. I enjoyed all the hidden secrets, and the full depth of the writing throughout was phenomenal, when they released the additional story, they made me start to question everything i've known about the games I play and the worlds within. I believe that these devs will go on to create masterpieces in the future, and I want to thank them for introducing me to a new way of thinking"
,Recommended,420530,32799713,Posted: 25 June,all,Horse~♥,"After watching a friend play this game all the way through, I just had to buy it myself to write a review about how simply incredible this game is.You start off wandering around a mysterious world wondering what is going on. At first it just seems like any other game; completing objectives to reach a final goal. But as the story progresses, you begin to uncover new mysteries and find the game often times talks to you directly and goes far beyond being 'just a game'.The true ending is simply incredible and by far one of the most mind-blowing I have ever experienced.Overall, I believe this game and it's story deserves more than a 10/10 or 5/5."
,Recommended,420530,33204686,Posted: 3 July,all,Glazelf,"I haven't completed the game yet so I might edit this review, but so far the story feels pretty clever and interactive.There is absolutely no fourth wall left whatsoever.Meanwhile, the gameplay feels... unnecessarily... bland? searchy? You're constantly walking in circles looking for the only possible thing to pick up for most of the game, which gets me to only play this game in small portions (actually locking me out of an achievement...?)I would still recommend this game though, it's clever, nice, calming and above all, goddang adorable."
,Recommended,420530,30702023,Posted: 24 March,all,Erotic Thoughts,"My, oh my. OneShot. I love this game, I'm just going to get that out of the way right away, I can not recommend this game any higher. 10/10The artwork.The music.The characters.The laughs.The tears.All of the above push emotions with the choice you have to make at the end.Once in a while I stumble across a game that has its world in peril, and I actually care for what is going on. This is one of those games. I wont spoil anything as this is a game best played with no spoilers, no walkthrough, no help. Just know you are in for a ride."
,Recommended,420530,30697175,Posted: 23 March,all,DragonDrav,"This game is amazing. Best RPG I've played since Undertale. Sometimes I got stuck but it didn't take me long to solve the problem. If you liked Undertale or similar RPGs, then this game is for you. The soundtrack, the story, and it completely surprised me when it broke the fourth wall. I would love to see more games like this one."
,Recommended,420530,32791838,Posted: 25 June,all,DragonicKana,"This game is amazing. No words can describe it. So let me try to describe it.Niko, the protagonist, wakes up in a dark room and finds the lightbulb/sun. And an amazing story begins.There are puzzles to solve to get to new areas in a dark, dying world and through all that, NIKO KNOWS YOU EXIST. That's where this game exiles at; breaking the fourth wall. Actually scratch that. It breaks it then obliterates it into pieces so small it's nonexistent.Do I recommend this game? I would rate it 11/10 if I could. It's a fun, short game that interacts with you, and you get to watch a cat eat pancakes. Great design too.The Solstice Mode actually makes me feel bad for bringing Niko back to this world.I bet you will cry."
,Recommended,420530,33290717,Posted: 5 July,all,Lazufy,"One of the best RPG games I've ever played, reminds me of Undertale but without the memes. Also it uses the fourth wall in a perfect way which makes it that much more enjoyable. The soundtrack is incredible, and it has an A+ ending, and it's perfect if you love adventure."
,Recommended,420530,32800826,Posted: 25 June,all,ElusiveBac0n,"This game has renewed my faith in the gaming industry. RPGMaker has created a game that's better than current AAA titles. I did not know going in, how this game was created. Now I am impressed, and forever touched by this amazing piece of art. If you like games that break your expectations of what a game is - to provide you with an experience - then OneShot is for you. Take advantage of the sale while you can. You've paid more for worse games. This is worth it."
,Recommended,420530,33443310,Posted: 10 July,all,C-Button,"OneShot is one of the best gaming experiences I have ever had. The story and characters are wonderfully written, and the gameplay is absolutely brilliant. It plays with your emotions just as well as it plays with the 4th wall. Speaking of which... if you thought Undertale broke the 4th wall, then let me tell you: OneShot completely SHATTERS the 4th wall into a million pieces, then puts those pieces into a blender and grinds them into dust.In other words, OneShot feels more immersive and ""real"" than any game I have ever played. I was amazed at the things this game-- and its story-- managed to do.If you are still on the fence about whether or not you should buy and play this game, then let me help. Do you like any of the following?- Item-based logic puzzles, similar to point-and-click adventure games (ie, Kings Quest)- Games that break the 4th wall in imaginative ways- Well-written and endearing characters you can't help but get attached to- Morally complex stories/themes that really make you think- Stories that involve robots and/or advanced artificial intelligence- Atmospheric, mysterious, and/or dystopian settingsIf any of these things sound appealing to you, then do not hesitate to buy and play OneShot. I'm sure you'll love it!However, please keep in mind:If you are a person who becomes easily paranoid, this may not be the game for you.Some of the methods it uses to break the 4th wall may make some people uncomfortable. It is perfectly safe, and all in good fun, but some people may find certain elements a little shocking.It is not horror game by any means, but it is definitely very dark and somber.Because of this, some things about the setting and story may be unsettling for some players. After playing for a short time, I actually went online and double-checked to make sure it wasn't a horror game, because the setting sure felt like it at first. But no worries, this game is not out to scare you; although itwilltry its hardest to tug at your heartstrings-- and to drop some weight on your conscience.OneShot is not just a game. It is art. It is amazing. And I HIGHLY recommend it to anyone who eventhinksthey might be interested in it. Please. Check it out. You won't regret it."
76561198128865323,Recommended,420530,33468129,Posted: 11 July,all,Rteller1,"What originally attracted me to this game was the art in it. The character designs seemed interesting to me, and when I checked the review section, the general consesus was that the story was amazing. In light of these factors, I went ahead and puchased it when it went on sale, thinking that it would be a cute little game to keep me occupied for 3 or 4 hours. I have to say, though, this game exceeded my expectations in every area possible. It has mechanics that I haven't seen employed in any game, let alone one of this genre. As far as the story goes, at first glance it doesn't seem like much, but because of the way the game plays and how said story was told, it is very engaging and I found myself very invested in it by the time I finished the game. It is also worth mentioning that the game took me 11 hours to complete, which was much longer than I had anticipated. Soundtrack was really good, I just sometimes wished song transitions were a bit more smooth.Overall, 8/10I thoroughly enjoyed it"
,Recommended,420530,32152954,Posted: 3 June,all,Anxious Bubblegum,This game breaks the fourth wall in a beautiful way.Absolutely love it.
76561198075045573,Recommended,420530,33461278,Posted: 11 July,all,Rolex,"I went into this game based on its amazing art style, but I soon realized that it was much more.The memorable characters and ingenious 4th wall breaking puzzles blew me away.I would highly recommend this to anyone who loves meta-games such as undertale or the stanley parable."
,Recommended,420530,33347695,Posted: 7 July,all,dhwty,"I was sceptical when I read the reviews, because most of them where rather vague or just short emotional statements.I experienced something similar with Undertale and that turned out to be one of my favourite games, so I bought it anyway. A few minutes in it suddenly dawned on me;OneShot is a very personal experience, a game that involves you as a person into the story, a game that interacts with you outside of its frame, a game with so much personality you'll actually start to care about it at some point... and miss it once it's over.It is essentially a story driven puzzle game, pretty straight forward for the most parts, but it can be challenging at times and you can miss some things. It is advisable to take your time with every new scenario you find yourself in, explore a bit, experiment, play it in bursts (get some resttoo) and remember the controls, especially the quick travel function.In a way it's actually true; You only have one shot at this game."
,Recommended,420530,33408813,Posted: 9 July,all,Thiago Assi,"This OneShot version is a remake of the original from 2014. With better graphics and additional details in the history, makes the game even better than before.The main points are the interactions that the game makes with the user and the development of this beautiful story.Maybe just looking like that for the game does not seem to be so loud, but you can be sure it's an amazing game."
76561198131387728,Recommended,420530,33574545,Posted: 15 July,all,Lefty,"I almost never write reviews for games, but this one I feel compelled to write one.First thing first, this game is a lot like Undertale minus the combat. There is no combat in this game.The story and characters are touching and memorable, the adventure is definitely there, and the graphics are a bit better than Undretale. I do have to admit that there could've been more to the dialogue for character development, but whats there is still good.The maps aren't huge, but they are big enough that you can find yourself confused trying to get back to that one area that you ""were just at but can't remember how you got there."" Luckily, they have a simple fast travel system that helped a lot with that.The puzzles are pretty well thought out, with some being easy to figure out, while others leave you thinking ""what the hell do I do now?"" Combining items to solve puzzles was a nice tough in my opinion. Yeah, it's been done, but it adds more to the thought patterns of what you may do to try and solve the puzzles.Also, there is definitely replay value, and not just for achievements.If you liked Undertale and can handle no Undertale combat, this is a must buy.10/10 I'll never look at light bulbs the same way again."
76561198205223659,Recommended,420530,33472156,Posted: 11 July,all,TheBrokenElement,"I just finished the game. Holy. Moly. I'm not sure what I expected, but it wasn't that. When I bought this game, I didn't expect to be sucked into this mysterious and invigorating world full of 4th wall breaks and interesting puzzles. It's full of interesting characters, amazing music, and probably the toughest decision I've ever made in my life. Little Niko is super adorable and innocent, you just want to steal her away from everything and protect her during this mission of a lifetime. It was a great journey from beginning to end.Trust me, don't push off getting this game. It's one of the best purchases I've made so far."
,Recommended,420530,33589031,Posted: 16 July,all,CinnamonPearl,Incredible game. I could not recommend it more. Just go in blind and play.
,Recommended,420530,33310039,Posted: 6 July,all,Carecoaxer,This... game gave me certainly unique experience.I would recommend this... game.----------------------------------------------------[SPOILERS]00110100 00110101 0010000000110100 01100101 0010000000110100 00110100 0010000000110100 00111001 0010000000110100 01100101 0010000000110100 00110111 0010000000110010 00110000 0010000000110100 00110110 0010000000110100 00110001 0010000000110100 01100011 0010000000110101 00110011 0010000000110100 0011010100110100 01100001 0010000000110100 01100110 0010000000110101 00110101 0010000000110101 00110010 0010000000110100 01100101 0010000000110100 00110101 0010000000110101 00111001 0010000000110010 00110000 0010000000110101 00110010 0010000000110100 00110101 0010000000110101 00110000 0010000000110100 00110101 0010000000110100 00110001 0010000000110101 00110100 0010000000110100 00111001 0010000000110100 01100101 0010000000110100 00110111
76561198028792541,Recommended,420530,33535037,Posted: 14 July,all,WNxStrikeman,"I don't typically write reviews for games, mostly because it's hard for my to articulate my feelings. In the case of OneShot, I'm even less sure what to say, because anything I tell you could be a potencial spoiler.With this in mind, I want to stress to anyone who is reading this: Please buy this game. Don't have any regrets, don't have any concerns, just buy it.I promise you, it will be one of the most unique and powerful experiences you will ever have with any piece of media."
,Recommended,420530,33546408,Posted: 14 July,all,echo,"The game is really great, and PLEASE.DO NOT LOOK TO THE REVIEWS. Talking about the game of something outside the ""About the game"" section of this store page is spoiling bits and bits of sursprises.So yeah, you don't really know what to expect, but I'm pretty sure you'll enjoy the game. I mean, the 95+% positive reviews are not for nothing."
,Recommended,420530,33548450,Posted: 14 July,all,Kamaki,"A game where you play yourself, playing a game.  And the game plays a game, playing you.A must-have."
,Recommended,420530,33529186,Posted: 13 July,all,Byers Hintz,"This game deserves way more recognition than it'll ever receive. Oneshot, originally a freeware RPG Maker game, you played as Niko, through an hour long adventure to save a decaying world. The gimmick being that if you were to ever close the game, you would kill Niko, and the game would be over. No restarts, no extra lives nothing. However, later the game would be remade, in a new engine, eliminating the annoying RPG Maker menus that slowed the game down way more before, as well as adding so much more content. The normal game is the same, but you'll notice i higher level of polish, redone sprites, more to do, and a huge expansion of the third segment of the game, which had been rather shot in Oneshot's previous incarnation. A playthrough will now take about 6x as long as it's predicessor. But now with such a large game, the average player would kind of be stuck with the whole Oneshot rule right? No. Now you have beds, manditory save points that exit the game giving you three major chunks rather than one huge go through. On top of that, if you do need to leave while in the middle of nowhere and the beds arent an option, you can leave without Niko being killed. Now it just disables achievments. Something a casual playing this game most likely wont care about to begin with. But enough of what they changed, what's this game about anyway? Glad you asked. In Oneshot, you play as the god of the world, controlling Niko, and helping him leave said world, similiar to you're role as the Batter's guide in Off. You'll guide Niko through threee major areas, encountering memorable characters, seeing beautiful art, and solving puzzles. This game is another RPG like Yume Nikki, where there is no combat, and the focus is on the world, and item collecting. (This game isn't weird or surreal like yume nikki though, don't worry.) Over all, Oneshot is an amazing expiriecnce from beginning to end, and is worth every penny. I would give this game a 10/10. It has clever writing, great characters, an intruiging story, amazing visuals, and will leave you emotional at the end. The gameplay is simple, but honestly, it doesn't need to be anything more."
,Recommended,420530,33567307,Posted: 15 July,all,brotatofarm,"Yup. It's awesome. Super recommend! The less you know about it going in, probably, the better.I feel like it's as though Undertale and OFF had a baby?"
,Recommended,420530,30884992,Posted: 1 April,all,Martimer,OneShot is one of the best games I've ever played. I would love to see a sequel.
,Recommended,420530,30884345,Posted: 1 April,all,vexxywexxy,"I go to the bed.Niko is not tired.I go to the next area.Niko is tired.What you never excercised, you fat little oyster?10/10"
76561198022006741,Recommended,420530,29054819,Posted: 6 January,all,Tebrial,"It is about a kid who wakes up in a world unlike his own; he is called the messiah, and with you guiding him, he is said to bring back a new sun to a dying world. It is a puzzle game and well...saying much more is a spoiler. Some might compare it to undertale due to some of it's...aspects, but I feel it doesnt do the game justice to just compare it to that game. It is more of an intimate tale, between the child, the world, and you.If I played this when it came out, it would have been my 2016 game of the year, or very close. If anything, its a VERY strong contender for this years. Do yourself a favor and get this game.Play this. Do it now. Dont look up anything. Just...go and play."
,Recommended,420530,28583153,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Scottcok,"""the game is like Undertale!!!""Not really.., maybe a reverse Undertale because I cared more about the main character rather than the NPCs, maybe that's a personal preference.As for the game, I'm not really a fan of puzzle (lol), but!! the story is pretty intriguing (it's literally Dark Souls) so it gave me a determination™ to finish the game. The puzzle itself isn't that complicated thankfully and it's really unique and pretty mindblowing!The artwork is also really beautiful but the music is just okayish.If this game really is an Undertale like game.., I wish there was a pacifist like ending where everyone is on the most happiest state possible, maybe I didn't actually finish the game yet? I got an achievement from being shocked by an electronic device but not from finishing the game? maybe steam was down? or perhaps an achievement notification popped in a tense moment would ruin my immersion."
,Recommended,420530,29262381,Posted: 14 January,all,Au,"Each playthrough is rather short, and can easily be done in less than one or two hours once you know the puzzles, but goodness is it a ride each and every timeWhilst the game at face-value is still amazing, it's a lot deeper than it seems; there are certainly mysterious you can try and piece together about this world you find yourself (looking) in10/10 would cry every time again"
,Recommended,420530,31191539,Posted: 16 April,all,Claid,I'm not crying I swearᵒᵏ ᵐᵃʸᵇᵉ ᴵ'ᵐ ᶜʳʸᶦᶰᵍI'd say this is one of the best exsperiences in a game i've ever had.
,Recommended,420530,29128762,Posted: 8 January,all,absinthe.//,"Do not look up anything about this game if you plan to play it, just go in without any expectations, it'll blow you away.Niko is the most adorable thing ever I swear."
76561198072519980,Recommended,420530,28669540,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,TacticalPumpkinPie,"A short but neat game.The main gameplay involves the usual rpg-maker stuff involving exploring the world and using items to solve puzzles and proceed. Gameplay also includes a bit ofmeta-level gameplay. (A note on that:Don't be alarmed when the game changes the background; itwillbe restored when it's no longer needed)I enjoyed the story, environments, characters etc, and when you have completed the game, there are still a few hidden story elements left to uncover.A door with a timer set on 100 days after launch is includedWhile the game is rather short, natural exit points are limited and not very frequent, so make sure to play when you've got decent amount of time on your hands."
,Recommended,420530,29238856,Posted: 13 January,all,Anonymity,"Clever puzzles, cute characters, and an emotional story with a touch of heartbreak - mix of OFF and Undertale with the best of both and the faults of neither.I honestly love this game so much."
,Recommended,420530,28728100,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Jazzy Gym,"A lovely little story based RPG game made with great care. Although there is no real 'fighting' in this game, you're presented with beautiful scenes held down under the heavy stress of a dying world. Puzzles keep you thinking and by the end you're making some tolling moral choices. I strongly recommend this game if you're a fan of Indie games like Undertale, LISA, Hyper Light Drifter, etc."
,Recommended,420530,28761509,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,gift-drop.com FalsePattern,"I can't say much about this game without spoilers, so I'll just say this: If you like games which impact your emotions, then this is a game for you. Also, play in windowed mode, it's better that way."
,Recommended,420530,31124368,Posted: 13 April,all,Artichoka,"Amazing musicAmazing plotInteresting charactersSo much love in this game.will touch your heartand of course, the puzzles."
,Recommended,420530,29728909,Posted: 5 February,all,Josephkane95,Definetly Reccomended
76561198373841454,Recommended,420530,31345721,Posted: 24 April,all,Tom Carrot,The first game I have ever bought on Steam and instantly become one of my favourite games.Highly recommended for anyone yet to play as it has both a compelling story and memorable characters.Spoliers: Niko still isn't a cat. They're not!
,Recommended,420530,31329257,Posted: 23 April,all,Crusader,"Oneshot is testament of what game developers can create. Its uses mecanics that you dont often see in video games and you get easly atached to the charaters is the game. the music and art are also great, id give oneshot a 10/10."
,Recommended,420530,31207956,Posted: 17 April,all,Mouchoir,Everything about the game is amazing
76561198110562950,Recommended,420530,31211579,Posted: 17 April,all,CelestialBomber,"A beautiful game that leaves quite an impact. As with any story revolved game, it is best to go into this blind and experience all that's offered. This game is an amazing and unique journey to take."
76561198269078527,Recommended,420530,31209854,Posted: 17 April,all,Shane19778,By far the best and most unique game I have ever played and I will never forget itInfinity/10
,Recommended,420530,31213577,Posted: 18 April,all,Ch(ristmas(in September))ocoGabz,"I went into this game completely blind. I didn't watch the trailer for the game, nor any reviews. All I went by to get this game was theOverwhelmingly Positiverating it had on Steam.I feel like writing a more in-depth review would spoil things from the game, so I prefer to keep it brief.I couldn't have bought a better game.The story of this game and the way it breaks the 4th wall are both incredible.I recommend this to anyone."
76561198104332075,Recommended,420530,28871248,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Parzival,Such a fun and clever game! I was slightly freaked out by this game whilst also caring deeply for it. Very much worth the money!!
,Recommended,420530,30844144,Posted: 30 March,all,Lightly Better Elo,"The game however is short, but It was great just walking around and talking to people. By the end, I was more emotionally attached to this character Niko than many other games I spent 10+ Hours on. By the end of my first playthrough, I spent OVER 30minutes deciding the ending I wanted to go with my game. The game is just Amazing 10/10.PSA: Do NOT DELEAT STEAM SAVEFILE IF YOU WANT TO RESTART"
76561198218493300,Recommended,420530,28991854,Posted: 3 January,all,That Guy,I never thought i could care so much for a character that looks like a cat
,Recommended,420530,30794196,Posted: 28 March,all,ehenozwild123,This game has become one of my favorite games of all time+a cute and lovable character+breaking the 4th wall (a lot)+lots and lots of surprises+lovable characters+cool puzzles-walking (a lot)-the final (it's actually pretty good but it gives me the feels)
,Recommended,420530,31353702,Posted: 25 April,all,catnaps,"One of the best games I've ever played, I didn't want it to be over when it was. Everyone needs to play this game through at least once. The feels are real"
,Recommended,420530,29915309,Posted: 13 February,all,Mire,"An absolutely spectacular title that grasps the meaning of gameplay, story and what a game fundamentally is to the very core. This game is phenominally underrated and underappriciated when it reaches so deep into the heart strings of the player and keeps itself on their mind long after that final moment.Few games these days get recognition for the value of the price. Triple A titles with budgets far past the thousands get heels dug into them for: 'not being worth $60' when really we take for granted how cheap this medium of entertainment is.OneShot brings everything to the table in an unforgettable and wondrous manner that simply should not go overlooked. If you truly want a game worth your money. OneShot gives FAR more than it takes for a mere $10.If you are having second thoughts about this game I can promise you that the future self who has finish this title is screaming at you for questioning the purchase.My final scores for OneShot are as followsScoreGameplay9.5/10Art/Graphics9/10Dialogue and Story10/10Soundtrack10/10OVERALL9.5/10"
,Recommended,420530,29841285,Posted: 10 February,all,beforuskanaya,"this is one of the most heart-wrenching, well executed meta games i've ever experienced. well done"
76561198136468864,Recommended,420530,31426772,Posted: 28 April,all,Christeviant,"This game is extrordinary.The charachters are all so nice.And the ending *small spoiler, but not too big* is very similar to the true reset in undertale.Every decision you make.Every step you take.Is a heartwarming experience.This game will touch your heart even though you may feel as though it doesnt until the end.Favorite Parts:Interactivity between game and computer filesCharachters too cute <3 ~YOU interact with charachersLeast favorite parts:Some puzzles can be difficult and a bit hard to catch ontoI would give this game a 10/10, Definently worth the ten dollars."
76561198070716646,Recommended,420530,31500437,Posted: 1 May,all,SpectrumArray,"This game is the greatest I've played in a long time.The protagonists are amazing.The story is amazing.The gameplay is amazing.It makes you care.I was only going to check it out for an hour or so, then 7 hours later it was over.I want to play again."
76561198314195275,Recommended,420530,31288148,Posted: 21 April,all,Sushi,I've done goofed accidentally put portals 1 2 3 in big portal before the characters stepped on the portals... and its kinda broke so yeah
,Recommended,420530,31396791,Posted: 27 April,all,Memikbound,"There isn't much to say about this breathtaking experience, because doing that would absolutely spoil it. (I'm not particularly fond of spoiling a wonderful game like this for anybody ^^)You have to discover this hearwarming and heartbreaking adventure yourself, I can assure you that it's really worth it.I recommend this game for people from across the globe, it doesn't matter if you're too young or old!"
,Recommended,420530,31406534,Posted: 27 April,all,Ebonspooky,"I'd heard about this little gem through a friend who had seen Markiplier do a playthough on it. He insisted I get it, so I did. And boy, am I ever so glad I did. This game is simplistic, and will only take about 5 hours (Pushing it) to complete fully, but those 3-5 hours are wonderful. The story is gripping, the characters are vibrant and memorable, the puzzles extremely satisfying, if not a little convoluted at times.Seriously though, F*CK the tower puzzle!I'd compare this to a game like Undertale, but I really don't think they are on the same plane. The music is beautiful, and the end is heart wrenching, no matter what you do. The innovation behind the computer manipulation is spectacular too. (Hey, that rhymes!)TL;DR - It's a fun little indie game that's like Undertale, but better (IMO)"
,Recommended,420530,29551481,Posted: 28 January,all,General Accel,A great game. Went in not knowing anything and came out a changed man.
,Recommended,420530,29908301,Posted: 13 February,all,nightly ★,"I just recently finished my first playthrough and I'm overwhelmed by this game.Semi spoilers ahead, but just hints.You play as a child called Niko who has just woken up in a robotic, bird people and object head filled world that is not their own. You control Niko and what they do. The game connects your ACTUAL computer to itself, even the game talks to you in alert boxes outside of the window. Sometimes the game changes your wallpaper for a short amount of time, makes you go look for a document or file on your ACTUAL computer. It ties those together so perfectly it even pulls off having Niko call you from your account name. It is such a beautiful game too, the cutscenes give Studio Ghibli vibes, the music is wonderful, the menu and setup is fantastic. Similar to Undertale, but without fighting as a mechanic.If I'm being a little generous and openly sharing my opinion: this game outsmarts Undertale with it's unique ideas of search for files, make choices and play Niko as you want without many rules.Reccomend this, heck I even own the £40 ($45) emote of Niko from the badge."
,Recommended,420530,31010029,Posted: 7 April,all,Trollerhater5656,"This game is one of those rare gems that I would cherish forever in my hands or my heart for finding one like this.This game isn't just a game... it's a game that you are actually in. Not a character that you control that supposed to resemble you.What I mean is that you are guiding a character named Niko who is stuck in a world and must find a way home... but of course, the world that Niko is in, has a crisis... and who is guiding this little feline?Don't overthink it... the guide... is YOU... that's right, you there reading this review on your PC with your actual eyes. That doesn't stop there with your own computer even taking part in this game.And don't worry... that is not a spoiler, at least not overly major.What this game does with knowing that ""you exist"" is remarkable. At some points the game seems to be talking to you at times and at other times... you have to use your actual computer outside the game to solve the puzzles that you'll encounter. An example would be the gamehiding crucial information within your own folders.Everything about this game, the art style, the story, music, atmosphere... almost everything about it is excellent throughout.I hope that other games in the future will follow the same concept that OneShot took. This ""the game knows that you exist"" is the key defining factor that makes OneShot one of my most favorite games of all time. Think about it... imagine playing a game, and the story has YOU as a major character. Not through some sort of ""puppet"" that you control, or a character that you are supposed to roleplay as in the story. I wish that other games has a story that involves... YOU... REAL LIFE YOU... the one still reading this review.In conclusion, I recommend you buy this game and experience first hand playing through this. Don't even look at spoilers until you are finished playing this game to the end. I can guarantee, that you will not be dissapointed with your experience."
,Recommended,420530,29428774,Posted: 22 January,all,DawnPaladin,"A clever adventure game that develops a charming relationship between player and player character. Much of what I liked about Undertale is also present in OneShot. And it has the best use of the fourth wall I've ever seen. Innovative, well-written, and fun."
,Recommended,420530,30775475,Posted: 27 March,all,★The Beat Go Off?★ trade.tf,This Game is amazing. The game tries to connect you to the main character and you really feel like you are connected. well i did anyway XD.. other than that this game is AMAZING... It made me care about everything maining because the game Realises you and how important you are throughout the game also you build a relationship with the main character which is BEAUTIFUL!!!10/10 WELL DONE !!!!!!!
,Recommended,420530,31008468,Posted: 7 April,all,iDoomRaider,"This gamevmade my life better, this game made me feel better inside..ive never played a game so great for me.....""ONESHOT"". This game made me feel happy, really happy.. I have always been playing games.  Well after playing ONESHOT i have experienced a game, a game where you can lay back, enjoy while solving fun puzzles to progress a game to see whats next? What will happen? What would this do? Will this work? What will happen to Niko? Will this make Niko happy? This is a game that made me ""Care: for this game quick with its cuteness, cleverness, and great story :D. I felt all these feelings, while also crying quite a couple of times because of the actions the way niko felt or the way i felt for niko....welp, this is my all time favorite game this wont be changing for a long time. I could never say this enough.   Thanks ""OneShot"" :D 10/10"
,Recommended,420530,30859637,Posted: 31 March,all,AZERTUD (AFK until October 22nd),"A logical-problem-solving-simulator with a very great story with amazing characters you will care about only a short time after discovering them and featuring also interactions between you, your game and your engine that will change forever the way you look at games and stories.In a word, a Perfect Indie Game I can advice to everyone.WARNING : Can induce Happiness or Sadness. This game can only be appreciated as unspoiled.And again, My Congratulations to the Team for that one !"
,Recommended,420530,31029478,Posted: 8 April,all,PandaLee428,"I cannot speak highly enough of this fantastic game! It tells a compelling & thought-provoking story with unforgettable characters & breath-taking pixel art. This game shows complete mastery of its medium such that its story could never be properly told as a book/movie/etc. This game broke the 4th wall in ways I've never seen from any other game (which is saying something coming from a huge Undertale fan!) Please, please experience this game for yourself & get it for your friends too, you definitely won't regret it & you'll certainly never forget it!"
,Recommended,420530,30876524,Posted: 1 April,all,Rvzy,"Starts with what seems like lackluster character development, but actually it's just setting you up for a much more personal experience in which you will start to project yourself as a character in the game world.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,420530,31027312,Posted: 8 April,all,Sliver,"This game is a masterpiece. You play as a cat named Niko trying to restore the sun to a dead world. It's mostly exploration and puzzle based, and I would totally reccomend it."
,Recommended,420530,30889306,Posted: 1 April,all,Robbinned,WHOAHHHHHHHHHHH.
76561198069202171,Recommended,420530,30623967,Posted: 19 March,all,Frousties,"Review written the day just before the 20 March updateKeep in mind that the very first realese of OneShot, which was developed somewhere around 2014 on RPG maker 2003, has made huge progress since then.Also, even though I compare this with Undertale, these two games are REALLY different and Undertale came AFTER OneShot, so when I speak of Undertale, take this just as a quality reference and not as a comparaison.SPOILERSThis game is really beautifulThe ambiance is really original, at the beginning we fear something but thanks to the character we play it gets away quite quickly.The music is singular but still incredibely good. It really gives the feel of a dying world, not too happy but not completely dark neither.This game is pretty similar to Undertale in fact but they are still two really different games.A kid coming to an unknown world, discovering it and its citizens to achieve his simple and final goal : save everyone.But the thing is that OneShot has its own feel : while Undertale was really a lighthearted story with almost everyone loving eachother, here the world is more sad, not agressive, but still pretty depressing when we take a look a bit closer in some in-game lore.The BIG touch of breaking the 4th wall is really a plus in this game. In Undertale, there is this feel but not as much as OneShot. Here, it is almsot the CORE of the game, going sometime really far by making you interact with some separate entity from the game. Even though the notion of reset is not as alarming as Undertale, it still plays some part even though it really doesn't bring much to the game yet.As now for the negative aspects, well, one obvious thing is the characters.Don't get me wrong, they are lovable but... really underdeveloped. I almost didn't feel for them exept Niko since we interact with him the most. This is more damageable later when we have to choose between ""Save the world"" and ""Save Niko"", I feel better to save Niko that we followed all along than some random people we barely interacted with.The second negative thing is the plotholes. They are hopefully going to be filled with the new March update, but it is still pretty frustrating since there is also not much for speculation.TL;DR : This game is a must play and might become a classic with enough visibility.The game has a lot of pros with only minimal cons.A lot of those things might change in the update, and I HIGHLY hope so. This game might not be remembered by many but it is still a gem in the indie gaming community."
76561198045312351,Recommended,420530,31039590,Posted: 9 April,all,NikoTheFish,"I really enjoyed playing this game. Loved the breaking of the 4th wall and the fact that my entire computer was a part of the game. Called myself Niko (thats what most of my friends call me) and it got a little confusing. Chose to save the world but forgot the water so i couldn't regrow Maize... Welp! just another reason to play it again, i need the rest of the achivements too. 10/10 definetly worth the 10 euros despite being short."
,Recommended,420530,31040185,Posted: 9 April,all,Crow,"Even though you may prefer other games like FPS, Racing games, or other game genres. This game will just blow you away. It might be a genre that you yourself don't really follow but the puzzles and story driven aspect of this game is straight up amazing.Even in 8-bit formula can this game show us art styles that can affect on how we feel in certain situations. Even in the artworks that are used in the game and also the vivid art style that is being portrayed in the worlds pallet. And also characters that are introduced shortly in the game can produce true feelings that the player itself can relate especially in the new update.It is very similar to undertale in the fact that it breaks four or even five walls in the way we think of it as a normal passive game. Though the way THIS game portrays to the players would be mind boggling and worth every penny you used to buy it."
76561198119877601,Recommended,420530,31032913,Posted: 8 April,all,DimensionWalker,"I bought it, played it, finished all ending, cried. Money very well spent. I have never had such a strong emotional attachment to game characters before. such guud.I did feel it was short, I did everything I could except for two achievments in about 10 hours. Made me cry so for me that makes up for it!"
,Recommended,420530,30993118,Posted: 7 April,all,Meowmere,"I.. i-i don't know what to say right now... 10/10Just buy this game, it's super worth buying, the story is waaaay too good, i was about to download the cracked version but... nah, something is telling me not to download it hmmm...JUST TRY THIS GAMEPLS."
76561198176331009,Recommended,420530,31000877,Posted: 7 April,all,animalzach,One of the most enjoyable and moving experiences Ive ever had
,Recommended,420530,31025615,Posted: 8 April,all,Doctor HU,"I played the original version of this game 3 years ago, even then I fell instantly in love with it. With the new ending and new scenes and characters my love increased even more - I thought that was impossible.This game will grab you right by the heart several times, make you cry at least 10 times and you will love every character, every scene, every musical and art piece.10/10 would let it rip my heart out over and over again and slam dunk it into a trashbin."
,Recommended,420530,30890465,Posted: 1 April,all,{=MiniLink=},Great storyLoving the ArtstyleLoving Charactersand man this game made me cry more than once.
76561198066420462,Recommended,420530,31099742,Posted: 12 April,all,Ender,All the praise this game is getting in the steam reviews is well deserved. This is one of the most unique games I have ever played. Reasons to play this game:>Story rich>Immersive>Great music>Fourth wall shattering done well>Very very meta>Good writing>Pretty artGive it a try.
76561198080671115,Recommended,420530,31100766,Posted: 12 April,all,Sonea,"I don't usually do reviews but for this game i just had to. I know, not everyone agrees on this, but af if for me, this was such an emotional experience and even tho it was short, i enjoyed every second of it. Maybe I'm build close to the water but as i found out about the ""true ending"" and played it along, i got so emotional, i even cried in the end and i wish it wasn't just ""One Shot"", i will, even tho, they're not real, miss all of them. It was a nice journey and i can only recommend the game, try it out, experience it for yourself, either you'll love it or not, only one way to find out."
,Recommended,420530,31016431,Posted: 8 April,all,Haymish Ruffing,Undertale: Made me cry once.OneShot: Made me cry twice.I'm still sad...
,Recommended,420530,31087096,Posted: 11 April,all,JetSetMax,Go in blind an' enjoy the ride.
,Recommended,420530,31062867,Posted: 10 April,all,Treble *Rotheswolf Lycurgus*,"Well, I rarely review games, but I have to say, this game is a treat and a half to say the least and goes to the saying that sometimes the best games are not the longest and drawn out, but the smallest, well done games can be just as hard hitting and powerful, as has been shown over the past few years.Having played Undertale before even hearing about OneShot, I wasn't exactly surprised hearing about this game being Meta, but I had no idea to the extent and it blows me away (If you don't want to know a few things, skip by this next bit hidden)From knowing your Name (Windows Profile Name) and Niko talking with you, to dropping files in certain locations in your Documents folder.Needless to say, it really took me by surprise.While some may prefer games with some sort of combat element or even alike Undertale where you can Act or find ways other then Fighting, this game does not have any of that, but it certainly has it's fair share of puzzles which don't just involve ingame, but outside again as I said, it's really nice to have that kind of stuff, as it's rarely seen if seen at all, at least not to my knowledge, on top of figuring out how to use and create certain combinations of items ingame to make what you need to progress or solve a puzzle as well, makes it that more fun, even when it's something you wouldn't exactly think of.Also, the fact it plays on Morality as well, not to spoil that, but I can't help but liken it to Undertale, while it may not be as vast a scope, it's still there and is powerful in my honest opinion.Additionally, Having completed the Solstice Update, it really does deliver the Finality to the game in my opinion, again much like Undertale did with True Pacifist, all in all one of a few games that will truely live on in my memory and one i'm always happy to revisit and go through."
76561198345485498,Recommended,420530,32720532,Posted: 24 June,all,Asehowl,that was some goood shiiet man...daaaaamn....worth every penny i've spent.
,Recommended,420530,32905718,Posted: 27 June,all,nimbyest,I just finished the game and that was beyond good. All the characters are well made and the story is amazing. I don't even want to play the game again because of how well everything ended up.
76561198162821201,Recommended,420530,32902574,Posted: 27 June,all,Bestnewb,truly a amazing game! this is one of my favorate games because it is so unique!
,Recommended,420530,32896857,Posted: 27 June,all,Dorothy,"Amazing experience, i really loved the mechanics implemented in the game.If you like games that makes you think a little this is for you."
76561198100846469,Recommended,420530,32811830,Posted: 26 June,all,Ad Infinitum,"Buy it!This game offers a simple yet beautiful story with a unique gameplay, Every character that you encounter are charming and likeable which would make you seemingly attach to them. However, you truly have one shot of giving back thier sun.I would like to say more, but these are the only words I could say. For I am not tamed."
,Recommended,420530,32885968,Posted: 27 June,all,Fabulous 24/7,A very cute story that wonderfully combines story with game mechanics. Already bought this game more than once to give to friends
,Recommended,420530,32882166,Posted: 27 June,all,Nope,Great story
,Recommended,420530,32756124,Posted: 24 June,all,猫さん,"Oneshot is an amazing game with a story that will really draw you in. And I mean that very literally. The way it makes you part of it is what makes the game's inevitable choices so very weighty. Some of the mechanics and puzzles of this game amazed me and were used in ways I'd never really seen before. And of course, the art style and music that goes along with all of it is really very lovely.If you like games with unique mechanics and a heavy storyline with characters that are easy to get attached to (well at least one), then I definitely recommend this game to you. In fact, even if you don't I seriously recommend this game. It is an experience that I'm glad I had."
,Recommended,420530,32914484,Posted: 27 June,all,MaxOfS2D,"This was excellent. Comparisons to UNDERTALE are justified; if you liked it, you'll also like OneShot. The meta stuff is pretty heavy in this one though, but there are some twists about it... can't say anything without spoiling but I can say it's not cliché!"
76561198150844059,Recommended,420530,30703564,Posted: 24 March,all,Aoyama kun,"Umm Game Really is Very Good Good job but itslike gahhh i cant handle it the feelss bro the feelssss the story its like your the one guiding him to her own path, a God guiding them to the right path of course, any people want the rigth path but the endinngggg gahhhmuahhhaaaaaaaaaaaa!!!! (TAT) i cant handle it its like, saying for the greater good kid, its only for the greater good, but nice game, anyways i have one issue only if you can read this review i wuold be happy, why is the timer on my game not counting down in fact not at all ive done everything i saw alot of post from the others that there timer is going on, why mines off? i mean the timer vault in the Refuge you know what i mean mines not working ive done evrything evrything please fix it Thank you... i like it in fact make a sequel about it nikko will hes story continues pls. PLs another part two of this please another sotry i know it's done but it's awesome."
76561197988700353,Recommended,420530,32910626,Posted: 27 June,all,psyco359,WOW! Without spoiling it all I can say is this game was WAY WAY better than I expected! While it is a bit on the short side it was well worth the experience in my opinion.
,Recommended,420530,32896943,Posted: 27 June,all,devildawn,This game is amazing and I love all the different possibilities that can happen. I loved playing it and have already told a few of my friends to play it.
,Recommended,420530,32939521,Posted: 28 June,all,dubs,Loved this game
76561198369132756,Recommended,420530,33038781,Posted: 30 June,all,RedDragon173,"I absolutely loved Oneshot; it was wonderful. The story is very touching, and the choices you make impact the outcome of the game. (It can get quite emotional at times!) The gameplay mechanics are *super* meta, and you really have to think outside the box (literally) to solve a number of the puzzles. Its storyline is fascinating, and you get meet a number of unique characters throughout the game. The ways in which you interact with them often affect what achievements you can later complete. Because of this (and the multiple endings), the replay value is also very high. 11/10 absolutely recommend, and will play again (many times!)"
,Recommended,420530,32953789,Posted: 28 June,all,Exilra,"I think this is now one of my favorite games I've ever played. I didn't think I could get so emotionally attatched to the main character of a game, or that a game could be this good while being so meta (if you love meta games, this is for you).OneShot is a puzzle/adventure game where you must help the main character, Niko, restore the Sun (a giant lightbulb) to a dying world. Niko also interacts with you, be it just chatting to learn more about each other or asking for help. The game also helps you, in interesting ways outside of the game...I won't say much more since I don't want to spoil too much of the game, but I HIGHLY recommend getting this game. It's not that long but it's an amazing experience you shouldn't miss out on."
,Recommended,420530,32594916,Posted: 20 June,all,Kaidrin The Benevolent Neko,A whimsical and innovative game who's charm must be experienced first hand.Pancakes/10Would Roomba again!
76561198294222229,Recommended,420530,32994336,Posted: 29 June,all,ksalter.301,"I went on a wonderful and emotional journey, I want to replay it start fresh, bond with Niko all over again... I would highly recommend this game, buy it now."
,Recommended,420530,33017246,Posted: 29 June,all,Seán,"This game is somber, but sometimes mellow. It's got amazing characters, story, music, art, puzzles and humour. The world can seem quite difficult to navigate at first but, with fast travel and the option to set default movment to run, it isn't a problem.Innovative and Amazing. Loved it."
76561198025411932,Recommended,420530,33020840,Posted: 29 June,all,Doppel,"Charming game. Endearing character designs. Sparce dialogue trees for the main casts, but regardless it held itself well.When I finished the game it made me want to know more about the cast of characters and world they were in, or to have more options of interacting with them. Despite this, the game was great, and obviously was engaging enough that I'm being salty over wishing there was more content to explore.Great 4th wall breaking game with wonderful lore and story to follow.If there was one thing I would have picked at was the few times I spent walking down long corridors/ or getting lost due to being side tracked with trying to figure out how to piece together some of the puzzles. Slights aside, I would love to see more of these games developed by this team! It's very obvious a lot of heart was put into it."
,Recommended,420530,31984145,Posted: 26 May,all,Silverumbra,"Out of all the times I've been on Earth as it rotated the sun, never have I ever seen a more beautiful game than this.This game is a stroke of genius. The stunning graphics, the dynamic characters, the calming soundtrack, along with the engaging story puts my faith back into humanity (cats too i guess). The characters have a unique appeal to them and the ambience is just amazing.What blows me away the most though is the way they put you into the story. The game puts you in as a god/guide to help Niko, the main character, along with his journey. The actions that you make affect what happens to Niko. The puzzles in the game are quite brilliant as they incorporate out of the box thinking and your computer as a playground of sorts.The feelings you get from playing this game are so overwhelming that they make you cry. Lots and lots of crying. You weep of joy, you shed tears of sadness, you cry of despair, all you do is cry.One of the things I didn't expect from this game is that it made me care, like really REALLY cared. Every time I made a choice in the game I was always thinking ""How is this going to affect NIko?"" or ""What happens to Niko if I do this?""I was especially torn at the last decision (I won't post it here since that would be spoiling) and tried to exit the game, but it just said ""You cannot perform this action during cutscenes."" So, I pondered my choice for a good 30 minutes and then chose.With all of its intriguing puzzles, beautiful art, emontion-bringing choices, and dynamic characters, I would say that OneShot was worth every cent that it cost.(Kudos to the development team for making my new favorite game.)"
76561198145975286,Recommended,420530,32754194,Posted: 24 June,all,Sonorous,TIL a game about screwing in a light bulb could make me cry.1̡ͣ̐͂̉ͮ҉̸͎̺̰̬̬̮̳͕ͅ0̧̡͇͚̤ͫ̚ͅ / 10
76561198084859846,Recommended,420530,32706648,Posted: 23 June,all,Apparition of Apparitions,"A masterful artwork containing an immensely captivating experience. No game has ever drawn me so close to a character before. Beyond doubt, OneShot is a memory that cannot be easily forgotten; a wonderful memory that shall never flee...In every day life, the beings we encounter, we share a brief expanse of time together. For a moment, multiple entities converge into one area (though not necessarily bound by the physical)... Connection... Time stops. All involved participates in the same experience, while possibly perceiving it differently, perceive it simutaneously... Time moves forward. Life goes on. Disconnection... What remains is but a memory. Live the connections. Love the memories. Share an experience with Niko, and deeply feel this fact of life in a most profound manner."
76561198162069032,Recommended,420530,32752032,Posted: 24 June,all,TheMysteriousGray,"For most people who browse through Steam and come across this little curiosity, it'd probably be easy to look at the game's basic structure and some of its plot and think ""meh, it's just an Undertale cash-in, I'll pass"", but doing so would be a TREMENDOUS disservice to it. This game is equal parts imaginative, poignant, creative, funny, sad, creepy, and touching, one of the only games that I ever had any kind of emotional experience with.One of the game's cleverest ideas is that you don't actually ""play"" as the protagonist Niko, but rather you interact with them as a separate being, their ""God"" if you will. While most RPG Maker games in this vein, Undertale included, are content with making the protagonist a silent, undeveloped observer bearing witness to a colorful world of colorful people, here, the situation is mostly reversed; the excitement and entertainment comes from Niko's reaction to the world they have stumbled into, and how the various voices of reason or chaos affect Niko's judgment and their relationship with the player.This perfectly sets up the game's constant obliteration of the fourth wall, wherein the game will task you with using files it has stored on your computer to solve puzzles and discover crucial information about the true history of the world Niko is lost in, and there are multiple times where Niko will talk directly to you, the player, asking for advice or even just engaging in small-talk. It's this direct communication with the player that lets you form a bond with Niko, who is inquisitive and naive enough to be endearing, while still intelligent and capable of understanding the gravity of the situation they're in.Did I mention this game looks BEAUTIFUL? Each of the three areas of the world has its own color scheme, and each perfectly encapsulates the mood and atmosphere of each section: the metallic blue sands of the long-forgotten Barrens, the mournful greens and blacks of the crumbling Glen, the fading red energy of the dying Refuge, and so on. Each one perfectly represents a world in darkness that still manages to look pretty without being overbearing with detail. The music is also incredible, making liberal use of keyboards, chimes and violins to set the somber, twilight-of-existence mood of the world.If I had to pick out flaws, I'd say that much of the character interactions in the Solstice chapter (a bonus part of the story that can only be accessed if you figure out how to replay the game) feel very exposition-heavy, spending most of their time just explaining the circumstances surrounding the current catastrophe rather than allowing us to get to know the characters on a personal level, despite the game introducing THREE of them who are all vitally important to the narrative. There's also absolutely no way to replay this part of the game even if you accept the option to replay the game once you've beaten it, meaning you have to edit a couple crucial files in the installation directory if you want to experience the entire game again.Honestly though, that's mostly nitpicking. OneShot is an emotionally fulfilling, witty, clever, and creative experience that performs several inventive tricks with the concept of the relationship between player and game (the big Wham Line at the beginning of the game that sets all of this 4th wall destruction off is done PERFECTLY), while also being a genuinely beautiful and engaging (if pretty short) puzzle RPG that'll likely put a smile of some kind on your face, in some way, Whether it's a heartwarmed smile or a chuckling grin."
,Recommended,420530,30825470,Posted: 29 March,all,Zer0,"Do not, and I repeat, DO NOT, look up anything about this game.Just play it, and let the story roll...So much feels, so little time..."
,Recommended,420530,30891011,Posted: 1 April,all,PixelTurtle,This game is p good and i give it a 10/10 would experiance playing through the first time again *Confused cat noises*
,Recommended,420530,28390223,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Frozen Fox,"Every now and then there is a game you buy without hestitation. OneShot was the game which I bought without hesitation, and I'm so incredibily glad that I did it. This game is wonderful, it doesn't happen often that games have a story that is so amazing with a main character that is so loveable. I got caught up in the story, and I love just every single aspect of this game. Just freaking buy this, you will love it! I know that I did!"
,Recommended,420530,32871011,Posted: 27 June,all,Sanctum,I need my heart please don't break it.
,Recommended,420530,32943458,Posted: 28 June,all,RoboticDevice,"It's no Undertale, but it is in the style of Undertale and has a very different theme to it that differentiates the two. There are puzzles, but no combat whatsoever; this isn't a problem. I felt like the puzzles weren't terribly difficult, but a good number of them had an... external... mechanic that I just loved and wish I saw more of.Where Undertale is very comedy based with dark undertones/overtones and tells its story in a way that leaves you feeling upset with yourself, OneShot is very lighthearted but dark in an entirely different way; with the comedy taking a backseat and disappearing entirely with time. You're left feeling upset, but now you're upset with the cards you were dealt and the options you couldn't take (not a bad thing, I mean this in a good way).I didn't find Niko very relatable to myself, but he/she(she) reminded me a lot of someone I know, and I feel like most people would make this same connection. Niko is very young, but definitely has an understanding of someone just a bit older. I don't know if I'd say I bonded with Niko, but I did feel like I understood his/her(her) character a lot better by the end of the game.Like undertale, the game isn't for everyone. I would only recommend it to someone looking for a good story. Anyone who isn't interested in story will get tired of the game almost immediately. I think the #1 question to ask is ""do you like undertale?"" and if the answer is anything but ""yes"" or ""yeah, but not the combat"" - I unfortunately can't recommend it.To the devs: thank you so much for making such a touching story. I hope you make even more, I won't have any doubts about getting the next one if/when it comes out."
,Recommended,420530,32951780,Posted: 28 June,all,Estecka,"Meta done right.Unlike most of the meta-driven game I've done, this one does not becomes condescending toward the player.And the 4th wall breaking puzzle are absolutely HUGE."
,Recommended,420530,32957821,Posted: 28 June,all,Trash Player:,Actually i wont be review every game but this  game is so awsome tho.Great Storyline Surprise puzzle i never met before and of cause Greatest Ending of my entire games i hav played !Recommend This Game Tho Worth it !! So much Feeling impact lol
,Recommended,420530,32945627,Posted: 28 June,all,Saikos,"This game was something else. It is one of two games so far that have made me feel as though my heart was cut in two, the other was Fire Emblem Fates. Get this game and support the devs for this amazing story and their creativity."
,Recommended,420530,32969607,Posted: 28 June,all,Shadic_,"Whatever you do, don't look up any guides, videos, or anything. Just play it. I got it for $6 on the summer sale, but it would totally be worth the full $10. It's not the longest game, but it's the first to actually bring me to tears."
,Recommended,420530,32979425,Posted: 29 June,all,MegaFinal13,"This game will exceed any kinds of expectations you have.I would describe it as a combination of Undertale (due to its Meta gameplay) and Fez (since some puzzles require breaking at least the 4th-Wall)If you enjoy either of those Games, you will love this one! If not, you will probably still do!I expected this Game to be a 9/10 at best from the trailers and whatnot, but this is *more than a game*!Final Score: 11/10"
,Recommended,420530,32964521,Posted: 28 June,all,isaacbee,"A really cute and touching story combined with some really inventive and constantly surprising puzzles that reach outside the game and into your computer. Seriously, I was blown away by all the tricks this game manages to pull. Similar to The Stanley Parable, OneShot acknowledges the presence of the player as an outside force and a separate entity from the playable protagonist, but where Stanley was mostly just the unseen avatar of the player and TSP mostly focused on the relationship between player and game designer, OneShot lets you actually build a relationship with the character you control on-screen."
,Recommended,420530,32527670,Posted: 17 June,all,caron.mike,"Good things:- Strong narrative- Detailed world- Makes you care about the characters, even the NPCsBad things:- Some puzzles require you to do things that games traditionally do not have you do. You need to think outside the... window. Don't feel bad if you need to look up a guide, especially near the end.Overall, a very enjoyable experience. By the end, the plot gets very meta, which is very much up my alley. If you enjoyed Undertale, you will probably enjoy this game too."
76561198296835226,Recommended,420530,32609091,Posted: 20 June,all,Lunar,I cannot stop playing this game! I love every little part about it from Niko to the small details and humour. Normally games don't make me this attached to them but by the gods I swear I've played this game completely through twenty times. Niko just becomes almost a part of you. Making you feel so bad when he gets upset and you get so excited when he is! I would do anything to keep him safe.Long story short you will not regret this game no matter what sort of games you normally play!!(bring lots of tissues too..)
,Recommended,420530,32232216,Posted: 6 June,all,Invisible Teammate,So cool.
76561198054731577,Recommended,420530,30647227,Posted: 20 March,all,Kai Bannon,"This game is meta as ♥♥♥♥ and I love it. More of an interactive story than a game, OneShot will surprise you with how well it immerses you in itself.Just try it, and avoid spoilers like the plague."
,Recommended,420530,33261264,Posted: 4 July,all,TheVelocistar,"(Can I give this game, like a MUST PLAY recommendation? Because a simple thumbs up does not convey well enough how I feel about this game.)So, this game is just... phenomenal.  In one word, I would say it is PHENOMENAL.I wish I could write a review that isn't riddled with spoilers, but this game is one of those that you need to play 100% blind for the best experience.  So, unfortunately, this review will contain spoilers, but I will hide anything that gives vital plot points away.  Just to be safe, however, do not read this until you have played it, or watched someone play it (Why would you watch someone play it? This game is too good to watch)Short, Spoiler-Free ReviewOneShot is a puzzle RPG made in RPG Maker.  Sounds simple enough, right? Well, nothing could be farther from the truth.  OneShot is a game that has one of the most immersive, and inclusive stories that I have ever, and possibly will ever play.  It is a game I will never forget.Your objective is to guide a child (Niko) through this world distraught by the loss of their sun.  Throughout your adventure, you will solve puzzles to achieve this goal, and create a bond with Niko as the story progresses.It isn't a very long game, but it is 100% worth the price, and then some.Ok, now for spoilerific territory.  Better stop reading!To me, OneShot is more than a game.  It is a masterpiece.I say this because of the fact that it includes YOU PERSONALLY into the story (meaning it refers to you BY NAME).It also taps into depths few games before it have.It creates files in your computer that you use to solve puzzles, such as text documents, and even a temporary desktop background change!I had never felt such care for a video game character.  Niko is so adorable! If I could have one thing on the planet, it would be a little plushie of Niko, because I want to give them so many hugs. *insert cute aggression here* But I'm getting sidetracked.Unfortunately, as a result of creating such caring emotions, there must come a price.Towards the end, you are presented with a choice.  Save the world that Niko wakes up in, and leave them stranded forever, or send Niko home while the world they adventured through withers away.  I never thought I would have to make such a decision.  It broke my heart to pieces, to say the least.So, there are a lot of reasons why I REALLY love this game.In short, it has an immersive story, cool characters, incredible puzzles, a great soundtrack, and a special place in my heart.  It's a really thought provoking game that made me question my morals, honestly.  Games that create these emotions are ones I want to see more of in the future.If you've read this far, go tell your friends, your parents, your colleagues, or even just random people on the street to check out, and play this game.  The critical acclaim is well deserved.(Also, a lot of people compare this game to Undertale... I don't think that is fair at all, to be frank with you...)"
,Recommended,420530,33285661,Posted: 5 July,all,MrMunchy Gaming,"When I started to play through the game, I didn't completely understand it with all the puzzles, but it becomes easier to understand after a little bit. The game was interactive, emotionally moving, and overall areally enjoyable experience. To anybody who doesn't already own OneShot and is reading this review, I recommend that you get this game, it was a mindblowing experience that no other game has given me, with the exception of Undertale. I think this is honestly the best game ever played. If you like this review then please... GIVE ME SOME PANCAKES!!!!!"
,Recommended,420530,33213223,Posted: 3 July,all,Vandal Savant,I get depressed whenever I have to change a lightbulb.
,Recommended,420530,33223266,Posted: 4 July,all,Spectrum,I'm just here to add to the positive review count for a game that very deserves it. I would elaborate more but it's one of those spoiler-heavy games.Get this game.
,Recommended,420530,33267112,Posted: 5 July,all,Carth,"OneShot is nice little RPG. You take control of an innocent kid who explores a dying world. Your mission is to restore it, and to get the kid back home.You have to solve various puzzles along the way. This game breaks the fourth wall and has some really interesting techniques that I have not seen in a game before.It has multiple endings, and a persistence beyond the save file. In 2017 there was a free update which gave it a New Game+ that allows you to get the ""true"" ending.It has a story that tugs on the heart strings a bit, since the game makes you feel like you really know the protagonist and care about them. The music is also nice.It took me about 4 hours to complete, and another couple of hours for the New Game+. You should play the game in windowed mode."
,Recommended,420530,33305348,Posted: 6 July,all,Cattoo,I MADE MY CHOICE AND I'D DO IT AGAIN....Get this game. Just get it.
,Recommended,420530,33420137,Posted: 9 July,all,Vλnilla Night,you need to play this game
,Recommended,420530,30754426,Posted: 26 March,all,Rick #C-137,"Ok, I want to give this game a propor revew, so here I go;1.) This game is extremely emersive, I spent houres playing without even relising it, I even at one point forgot I was just playing a game.2.) This game may blow your mind! It is extremely meta AND In bepth, the only reason it wouldn't blow your mind is if you've seen all of it before.4.) Made me actually feel emotions, Generally I'm a very emotionless person when it comes to movies and games, I havent cryed to one sence i was like 5, this game is one of the few games iv'e played that actually made me feel like crying, I mean tears of joy and sadness of corse, so emotions are a thing now.5.) Puzles, thier logical, you can solve them with a bit of ratinal thinking, noe of it is super obscure, tho thier not very dificult, but thats ok cause the puzles are really just an excuse to get you to walk arround talking to people.6.) The story is really good and unique.7.) The soundtrack Its dose its job well, Its not somthing id lisen to outside the game, but it helps the emerson really well.TLDR: Really greate game 10/10 can't play again."
,Recommended,420530,33375016,Posted: 8 July,all,Catabol,"This was a brilliant game, well worth its cost!Its the first game I have experienced with this ""special"" type of gameplay and left me unable to walk away form it!Its extremely clever, well scripted and you should just buy it now!"
,Recommended,420530,33213001,Posted: 3 July,all,Double Jocker,"This game is absolutely amazing! Both in the story and the puzzles. The only small problem is that the game occasionally crash on fullscreen mode, so make sure you playing it in a smaller window.P.S. Niko is sooooo cute."
,Recommended,420530,29575321,Posted: 29 January,all,Espeon,"What a game this is.  It's easily one of my favourite Steam games of all time, and up there as one of my favourite games in GENERAL of all time.  First off, let's go off of the basics:-The atmosphere:This game has an INCREDIBLE atmosphere.  Each area has a completely different feel to it, which is further enhanced by the theming of each area to another colour.  The blue Barrens set a somber tone at the beginning of the game.  The nature-filled green Glens are a stark contrast, showing hope.  And the red Refuge shows the civilization of the world.-A wonderful soundtrack:Each song suits the mood perfectly.   It's ambient, but also pretty.-The story and writing:I won't say much about the story, since this game is best if you go in completely blind.  But it's AMAZING.  You will feel emotions.  And the great story is complemented by incredible writing.  The characters feel real.  Niko is an incredible protagonist.-The art direction:I LOVE the pixel art and watercolour art in this game.  Both of them are beautiful.  Each cutscene feels like a reward, due to how beautiful it is.-The GAMEPLAY:What's a game without this?  OneShot definitely delivers and more.  The puzzle solving is simple.  Find items, combine them, and then interact with NPCs or objects while they're selected.  At first.  Every once in a while, you'll find a computer.  This indicates that you're about to do an off-game puzzle.  Basically, something is modified on your computer in some way, and you've got to find it and use this in conjunction with something in-game to solve the puzzle.  They start off simple, but get increasingly complex and make for a unique experience in OneShot.Overall, definitely pick this game up.  You won't regret it.  10/10 would hug Niko"
76561198043593333,Recommended,420530,29577120,Posted: 29 January,all,Slaaneshou,"OneShot is the remake of a popular RPG-maker game. It implies the player in its story in a unique way thanks to an innovative and refreshing twist. Saying more would spoil the experience.All in all, it was a nice little game. I wouldn't recommend to buy it at full price though ; it's by no means as powerful as To the Moon or as well designed as Undertale, and some puzzles feel tedious.6,5/10EDIT : Solstice UpdateA new chapter has been added to the game in Spring 2017. That content was very welcome, but not really fleshed out enough to change my mind and increase the score. Still a nice little game !"
,Recommended,420530,31755942,Posted: 14 May,all,AyaOwen,"This game is awesome. A little bit too short maybe.I can't say anything if I don't want to spoil, but the universe and the conclusion and really nice. Don't forget to play the game a second time, or you'll miss the most important.Nothing is extraordinary, but everything is still well-made, the graphics, the story, the characters, the plot twists...I recommend it, for people who love video games for the ""art"" of video games, and not the performances oriented games."
,Recommended,420530,28325256,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Appa,nice game i love the atmosphere in it
,Recommended,420530,32059117,Posted: 30 May,all,gkg0501,"This game really and deeply touched my heart. Such a great, great game"
76561198217197383,Recommended,420530,29232333,Posted: 13 January,all,SLingLich,"-Buy Oneshot-Play Oneshot-Don't succumb to the feels-Don't do it-Never look at cats, lightbulbs, clovers, or pancakes the same way again"
76561198297174214,Recommended,420530,32100938,Posted: 31 May,all,SoggyBreadMan,This is a game for those who love to swim in a pool of their own tears and deppresion............10/10 would cry myself to sleep over saying goodbye to a fictional character never again.
,Recommended,420530,31261929,Posted: 20 April,all,Papyrus,"This game is hands down amazing. Worth the 10 dollars. If you liked Undertale, and you like Undertale's feels, even if you like getting attached to characters even if it's not Undertale, buy this game. It's a work of art. The game WILL do things that normal Rpg Games don't, giving you some very creative and original puzzles, messing with your machine itself. Don't worry, it won't harm your computer. I hope you like closing the game, and rebooting it. Cause you're gonna do that a few times to beat this game. It's a nice journey, and I'd say it's better than most games. The graphics are pretty, but sometimes for me, the game went to 1 FPS in a certain green part of the game because of some effects. So it may become a real puzzle. The game is creative, the visuals are pleasing to the eyes, the entire world seems not like a game, but a real place. The achivements aren't that hard to get, and you can get all of the achivements but one in your first playthrough.OneShot is an amazing game and worth the ten bucks.If you have already beaten this game, try the old version of the game, which is free. The game is longer to say the least, but the visuals aren't as pretty.But, here. OneShot gives you more than one shot to get it right.END REVIEW."
,Recommended,420530,32070379,Posted: 30 May,all,octopus,"This game breaks the fourth wall a lot. And the way the game does it intertwining this peculiar wall breaking mechanic with the story is the game’s main strength.Maybe I’m not not in the target audience but to me it felt like the story, however, lacks depth so it was hard for me to connect with it, but still, it’s a very kind and heartwarming tale worth experiencing."
,Recommended,420530,29040393,Posted: 5 January,all,OniBarubary,Protect his smile
76561198063851942,Recommended,420530,30749593,Posted: 26 March,all,ayy,...?
76561198091077853,Recommended,420530,31167971,Posted: 15 April,all,Boodler,great atmospheregreat charactersinteresting puzzle mechanicsgreat catsoverall review - fun for the whole family
,Recommended,420530,32135927,Posted: 2 June,all,böne,Very unique game. Loved it so much.I've never been so attached to a character so fast like that.Recommend it to all my friends.
,Recommended,420530,32206322,Posted: 5 June,all,Sonicbest™,"OneShot goes into my categorie of games where I wish I could delete the memories in my brain, so I can experience the game like I did the first time playing it.Wonderful story, wonderful characters, wonderful soundtrack and 102% filled with feels.10/10 would cry againI wish there were more people playing and recognizing this game.."
,Recommended,420530,32184589,Posted: 4 June,all,Stearen (spooky),THIS GAME IS AMAZING
,Recommended,420530,32200476,Posted: 5 June,all,ZeldaIsBestGirl,"Wonderful GameI absolutely love this game. though it kinda made me want it to burn in flames when i came to that horrid bug where at thetower i wasnt able to see the tilesbut when i got to theSolsticechapter, i learned to just forgive the game (lol)PROSNIkoGreat Plot and storymoments where you might wanna bring in some tissueslovable characters[CONS]you might be one of the unlucky fellows , like me. who encountered this bug.moments where you might wanna bring in some tissuesnotei do not know if this works. as it worked for me. if you are experiencing the ""issue"" with the tiles not being seen on thetowereither:A. Dual Boot with linux > boot into linux > install wine > run game on wine.orB. Virtual Machine with linux in it and see if you can use wine on that.orC. wait till there is linux version for it xD"
,Recommended,420530,31090473,Posted: 11 April,all,[THC] Yoshi,"I dont normaly play story based games, but when i do...its because it breaks the 4th wall alot and makes me feel again. Even if only for a whilealso extremely accomplishing when i figureout a puzzle with out having to look up  anything"
,Recommended,420530,30648811,Posted: 21 March,all,11th,"""May the clover guide thee"""
,Recommended,420530,31903387,Posted: 22 May,all,Shore,"IntroductionOneShot by far is one of the best story games I've played. Period.  This game has set a high benchmark expectation for RPGmaker games, at least for me, I can't speak for everyone here. I like it so much that I got a friend to make my current profile pic, and I wasted actual money on a steam background and steam cards (why did I do that?). I'll just be writing short paragraphs for each catagory because I can't be bothered writing an essay about this game (I might edit this review and write more, idk just sit tight).StoryOneShot has an excellent story that immerses you with it, I can't say much about it without spoiling the story which is the last thing I want to do. The story is assisted by the great dialogue, interesting characters and concepts, the amazing scenery, the beautiful artstyle and the unexpected breaking of the 4th wall (especially the first time it did it, jesus..).ArtstyleI first encountered OneShot one day browsing through the Gmod workshop, until I stumbled upon the old version of the Niko playermodel, at first the artstyle really intrigued me and by fate that night I saw that the YouTube Channel Markiplier uploaded a video on OneShot. I watched about 5 minutes of it and realised, ""Oh God, I need this game."" So, yeah I bought it and played the hell out of it, then played the hell out of the Solstice playthrough.Mechanics & PuzzlesNow the puzzles in the game aren't that hard (I'm not complaining),except that one puzzle at the lab gates, which was tedious as hell.SoundtrackBeautifully composed soundtrack that fits the mood of each event and area.I really can't stop listening to it.SolsticeI can't say much here, but that the Solstice playthrough is absolutely amazing!!My only regret is you can't replay the Solstice route.RecomenndationI cannot recommend this game enough to somebody...Pros-Immersive Story-Great use of breaking the Fourth Wall-Beautiful Artstyle-Lovable characters-Unique concept-Demonic rams-Lovely areas-Niko is adorable-PANCAKES!- Tight fandom (as of now, OS pls don't die of over-exposure.)-Beautifully Composed SoundtrackCons-You can't replay Solstice."
76561198137007807,Recommended,420530,32300575,Posted: 9 June,all,The LAPD,"I've never been more torn up on a single shot before. I've never been so attached to a character in a game before. I've never seen 4th wall braking weaved so craftfully into a story where it doesn't feel forced or cheap. It was all genuine, the characters, the story, and the emotions.It's the one game that I wish I could always relive my first playthrough of.I'll keep missing him, and I anxiously await if I'll see him again...Just do your tear ducts a favor and buy this game.I'm gonna go flip some pancakes now..."
76561198060760163,Recommended,420530,28311771,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,kyina-lok,"You only get one shot.This was a sweet if short game with some very clever ideas as well as forth wall breaking story telling.The good: It has an amazing soundtrack, the pixel art is beautiful and the world draws you in. The writing is very clever too and the breaks... well they are better seen than explained.The bad: It's pretty short and there is no way to restart the game, plus there are puzzles and secrets that need better explaining. Finally as much as I loved the soundtrack the tracks alone were not all that long, also the footsteps of the character can bother you a little.Still I adored this game and hope to find more secrets hidden in it if I can."
76561198025942625,Recommended,420530,28459572,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Mythos,"Rememeber...""you only have one shot.""Didn't know what to expect of this game. A friend of mine recommended it, mostly because the trailer and the art looked amazing, also, both having previously played Undertale, the little we knew and had seen about OneShot reminded us of the former in a strange way. But that's where the comparison, if you thought there was any, ended.With charming characters full of personality, a mysterious and intriguing story and the constant feeling that there's is something else there, sometimes to the brink of paranoia, OneShot stands on it's own as probably one of the best indie games of 2016, and there's no better way to end the year. Even if it's, relatively a short game (around 4 or 5 hours), every minute of it is worth it.Dare and give it a try, you won't regret it. Just remember, step carefully with each decision, cause every click, every time you make a decision, it's yours, and yours alone to bear with. Also, you might need some tissues, the flow of feels doesn't stop itself.Im my personal book, OneShot is a solid 9/10. Wish it were longer.And, if the clock doesn't lie, we still have many surprises in store for us. Lets play the waiting game now."
,Recommended,420530,28503120,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Shady,"What started out as a ""Hey, this looks kinda neat"" whim purchase, turned into one of the most impactful games I've touched in a long time. If you're an action lover and not much for slow-paced storytelling, this probably isn't up your alley. However, if you like world-building, characters with personality, and really inserting yourself into a story to just... feel the experience the game offers - this is for you.Let me start out by saying this is one of those games you'd be doing yourself a huge favor by not researching much about it ahead of time. Since it's based heavily on story, you'd just be ruining the whole experience for yourself. The game in a whole is a lot like UNDERTALE, as I've seen people compare it to. Yet, it's different in all the right ways. If you were a fan of UNDERTALE, I don't see how you couldn't love OneShot as well. Bonus fact - OneShot came out in 2014, originally! It only came to Steam now. But anyway, back to talking about what's in the game. All you need to know is in the title:You have one shot.Whatever you do is permanent. ""Lemme just do this to see what chaos will happen, then I'll restart to make it all better!"" Nope, none of that here! Think you can close the game quickly because you made a bad decision? Nope, you probably don't want to do that. You getONEshot to bring light to a world that has none. Perhaps needless to say, this is a game where your choices and what you opt to do really do have that overbearing weight at times. It makes you care, which is something you don't often come by - that feeling like ""Oh man... I better not mess up. Everyone's counting on me to save their world.""Now, on to some of the things I liked most and why:Beautiful Graphics -Seriously. What is it with those retro-style RPGs and their usage of pixels to make you just stop and stare in awe from time to time? The world is full of all sorts of colors, and the character designs are unique and interesting / entertaining to look at. The character art that pops up for special characters is a nice touch, and the varied ranges of emotions to be displayed on them only makes it better. Basically... Your eyes will never be bored (except maybe at the first main area you explore, as it's quite large and uses the same general color scheme).Adorable & Lovable Characters -No shortage of praise here. Many of the characters you chat with (even your average townsperson) have either 1) Something witty to say, 2) Multiple lines of dialogue, 3) A comment on something you're holding, 4) All of the above. You can tell a lot of love went into many of these characters, and it shows. Without even trying, I found myself walking back to a robot lady's house to see if she had anything to say about the new item I just got. Without trying, I wanted to make friends with the same robot lady. Without trying, I risked placing theone and onlysun by someone who wanted to see it one last time. And don't even get me started on the main character. I have to agree with many others here who say that this main character grabs a hold of your heart and doesn't let go. In fact, the grip only gets stronger as you go. And that's a fantastic thing to have in a game: that feeling that you want to see the main character succeed, no harm befall him, and him do what he's here to accomplish. Well done, developers!Music -Nightmargin has some incredibly atmospheric and world-setting music in store for your ears to behold. Every song feels like it amplifies the setting or situation to its max potential. Needless to say, I bought the soundtrack after beating the game. (It's on BandCamp for $5! Just search for it!) Anyway, there really couldn't be any music to fit this game better, I feel.You Are God -Yes, in this game, you -YOU- are the one guiding little Niko on his dangerous and daunting task to restore light to the world. You can talk to Niko, and Niko comes looking to you for guidance. Seeing him ask you what you think he should do, then you guide him do go do it, it makes you feel a genuine care for him to succeed. Almost parent-like, in a way, I feel! I never had such a strong feeling of ""Yeah! You can do it!"" toward a main character until OneShot. The best part:if you talk kindly to Niko, he will tell other characters how cool you are! Needless to say, he really warms your heart.Oh! But back on topic, hopefully you're ready to deal with a lot of 4th Wall shenanigans. You thought UNDERTALE dealt with 4th Wall stuff? Give OneShot a try, and see just how far... ""out of the box,"" literally, the game will take you.Feelz -Buckle up and ready some tissues if you're a crybaby. This game has the potential to hit you right where it emotionally hurts the most. And, again, that's a good thing! OneShot is prepared to take you on an emotional journey; one that you should have the pleasure of experiencing.As for things I wasn't a fan of, I originally disliked the save feature. (Spoiler tagged, but it's not very spoiler-heavy. You find out about it like 10 minutes into the game.)You have to find a bed in order to actually save the game. Not only that, but Niko has to have walked around a decent amount before he thinks he's able to fall asleep (in my experience, anyway). So be prepared to play for at least an hour before little Niko can go to sleep again.So as I said, I wasn't originally a fan of a save mechanic like that, but as the game progressed, I liked it more and more. Now I'd say I loved it. It really makes the world feel all that more real.All in all, I would recommend (and already have recommended) OneShot to anybody looking for a story-based world to drop yourself into and go along for the ride. Because that's what this game is: a ride; an experience; a journey. Guide your new little friend to the tower, and bring light to this fading world. Just don't forget that tissue box! ... What? Even gods can cry, you know! But don't forget that you can't go back in this game! Everything is permanent.You have one shot."
,Recommended,420530,30786350,Posted: 27 March,all,Shoji,"For the love of god everyone needs to play this, it's inexpensive and it's yet another AMAZING indie game with such a good story that's just.. I love it.I get a bit excited after finishing games and stuff that have an enriching story and characters and etc, and sometimes afterwards I'll maybe think that I was going a bit overboard and it really wasn't THAT great; and hell this may even be one of those games again after I look back on it in a few months or so.But as of right now, this is one of the games that I've played where I will look back on it and think fondly, and almost wish I could experience it again all from the beginning, knowing nothing. It's not long at all, can maybe just take you about 10 hours to finish it all, if that. But it's totally worth it.I would have paid $20 for this, no questions asked. Immediate buy, 10/10."
,Recommended,420530,28331853,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Ryuartyi,"The original OneShot back in 2014 was, and still is, one of my favorite indie titles of all time. In a pre-Undertale world a game that works with a meta-narrative was not a brand new concept, but my experience with the freeware title was after that other game’s release. Even with experience of fourth-wall breaking mechanics and a game that had knowledge of you as a player, the original OneShot still stuck with me long after finishing it and inspired me in its tone and characters in a way that most games are unable. The game also had permanent choices that left me nervous every time the game was launched, but it was well worth its short playtime. After hearing about the Steam release, all I hoped for was a few touch-ups in areas and a few more places to explore.This enhanced version of OneShot goes far beyond the scope of the original, expanding areas that in the original were tiny yet sweet, and is chock full of interesting characters and narrative that wasn’t present in the free version. The way the game works with your computer to solve different puzzles inside and outside the game environment was clever and interesting, relying on your knowledge of your computer in order to solve various puzzles.  The updated art and sprite work is fantastic as well as the updated soundtrack that was filled with old and new songs alike. The main character, Niko, is as adorable as ever, and the journey you and them take still feels harrowing and charming as you traverse the dying world.When I played the original I couldn’t ask for much more out of it, but the amount that has been added shows real care from the developers and is well worth your time. Even if you haven’t played the original, you should definitely give it a shot.…Remember, you only have one."
76561198275090414,Recommended,420530,28411042,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Kiboh,"This is the best game I've ever played! I LOVE this game and when I go on steam this is exactly the type of games I would do anything to play. If there's anything like this, I want to know. Great job developers, I don't know how talented you need to be to do this but u did it. This game caught me on a personal level and I'll never forget it."
,Recommended,420530,28412263,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,HACKhalo2,"I spent the better part of a night playing this game. And even a day later, I'm at a loss for words on how to describe how fundimentally amazing this game is. It does what a lot of games in recent history fail to do: It makes you care about the world.Sure, you got Undertale, which does the same thing. But OneShot is different. As you progress, you are given snippets of lore that make you legitimately care about what's happening to Niko and the world she was thrown into. I found myself smiling at the characters (however strange they bacame near the end), feeling a sense of success while solving puzzles, and generally enjoying the meta aspect. It was a nice game mechanic that seriously needs to be added into more games.Then the end of the game happens...I can't start to explain the feelings I felt during the last 45 minutes. The way you solved the puzzle was fantastic, and it pieces together parts of the lore to finally give you, but not Niko, the full story. Then it's up to you to tell Niko.And that's the beauty of this game. The last 45 minutes; those decisions you have to make will forever shape the game and the world Niko was thrown into. I'm still torn about what I did... That's how you know you made a fantastic game.If you do get this game, DO NOT JUST PLAY THROUGH IT. Explore and learn about EVERYTHING that's going on around Niko. If you don't, you will just throw money away.I recommend this game highly. Pick it up if you want to spend 4-6 hours playing a game that could quite literally change how you think about games are played. This isn't a game you want to pick up just to beat, because as I said above, the actions you make forever shape the game."
76561198307940697,Recommended,420530,28442822,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Inukami,"Found out about this game from an article published on the web. Tried it out of curiosity, five minutes in I was hooked.+ As the PLAYER you get the sense of duty to protect and guide Niko. It's a sort of attachment you get to form with a character that's rare in or badly executed in other video games+ top notch story telling amplified by the gamesliterally thinking-out-of-the-boxpuzzle-solving mechanics+ the music is mesmerizing as with the visuals+ brilliant puzzles and fun fetch quests+ supporting characters have their own subtle way of building the lore of OneShot+++++ Niko. don't you dare hurt my NikoThe payoff for my curiosity brought me a mixture of feelings and emotions that I'm having trouble handling right now. OneShot is a great rpg. OneShot is definitely one of the best games 2016 has to offer."
,Recommended,420530,28456397,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Axeon,"An amazing, unforgettable experience!Gonna be honest, when I first saw this game, I thought it would be a copy of Undertale. Well... just 10 minutes into the game and I realized 2 things:1) This game is nothing like Undertale2) I am about to experience something not less (if not even more) amazing!So, I am not going to say much here for obvious reasons - go experience it yourself! But I will say that this game is brilliant, and simply amazing. It has its way to get you very attached to the main character, really makes you care. This is made even better, considering the main character is so adorable (at certain points I really wished I could give them a hug)! So what are you waiting for, just go, go play this game already!A little word of warning though - to say that this game breaks the fourth wall would be an epic understatement. The wall is pretty much not there to begin with :DEdit: This game also has great replayability value! Just take my word for it. Otherwise, minor spoiler - the game knows you're replaying it, and acts accordingly, while also adding some extra story elements! And I think it's not limited to 2 replays either.Post Solstice patch edit:If previously this game had great replayability value, now it's multiplied tenfold!My god, this update just made me cry. Again. If previously OneShot was one of my favorite indie games, now it's officially mythefavorite game! And I can't even call this a patch - it's so major that I'd just pretty much call it OneShot 2 delivered as an update, especially since it's triggered only on the secord (or later) playthrough.I have never felt so attached to the main character..."
76561198069715787,Recommended,420530,30775783,Posted: 27 March,all,Stenkk4,"Yep. The second game ever that was able to break me apart. The story and the atmosphere of the game is just... Spot on. And the funny thing is, I had some very important things to do, and I literally had to throw the controller away, and force myself into doing the things...That's how awesome the story of the Game was. And this was the second game ever to do that for me...I want you guys to buy this game, and experience it yourselves. You are not going to regret the decision.In my opinion, 10/5 of a game."
,Recommended,420530,30785733,Posted: 27 March,all,Huntertyavatar,"Proabably one of the best RPG Maker games i have ever played. The fact that this game breaks the 4th wall in such a believable way is refreshing for a pixel game like this.As like something with Undertale, it's best played unspoiled. So please, if you have 10$ in your wallet, try out the game and help out the Devs.And remember...You only have Oneshot."
76561198043751815,Recommended,420530,30791730,Posted: 28 March,all,Smulan,"I was already in love with this game before the solstice update came, which made the final experience even better..I don't want to spoil anything, but if you're anything for these kind of ""walk around, talk/interact with things""-story telling games, I can't find a reason for you not to like it as well.Artstyle: Very simple, but very charming and surprisingly expressive at points.Soundtrack: So good.Characters: I've rarely felt such a strong connection a main character before. You can really feel the personality of almost every character. And that's without any voice acting.Story: It doesn't get more interactive and personal than this I think.10/10."
76561198237547754,Recommended,420530,28538974,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,ToastyWhale,"Most of the time i don't write reviews for games however, this game is so amazing i had to do it.the characters are greatthe setting is greatthe puzzles are amazing.be prepared for it to blow your mind. A lot of people think it's a copy of undertale, which it can be similar but it's very unique and has mechanics i didn't think were possible in a game. Oneshot also has it's own unique way breaking the fourth wall."
,Recommended,420530,28389987,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Clay．☆．。．:*･°,"A really great game with an original concept. There are a few bugs but it's still really good! Spoilers for ending:I loved it so much when (if you let Niko leave), they'd exit through the computer screen.And if you replay the game,  it remembers some things.Honestly, I rate an honest 8/10. Second playthrough and I'm not sick of solving the puzzles at all.Niko is the cutest character ever."
,Recommended,420530,33618656,Posted: 17 July,all,buddy,"The game really screws with your expectations, in very entertaining and inventive ways.It plays like an old graphic adventure/puzzle game, but in a top down style. There's a bit more to it than that, but I don't want to ruin any of the surprises.The story is really great, and by the end of the game I was really endeared to the characters.Give OneShot a shot. I recommend it."
,Recommended,420530,33627659,Posted: 18 July,all,The Human Shitpost,"Short game that leaves a long lasting impact due to well constructed characters. Not to mention the fact that the art is beautiful and adorable, and the puzzles are well made, not being too hard or too easy. If you ever have a few hours to spare, I'd recommend playing the game in one whole sitting. Amazing game, would recommend to anyone."
76561198257990575,Recommended,420530,33049751,Posted: 30 June,all,JewPowersActivate,"OneShot is a very interesting and charming game which destroys the 4th wall and features an imaginative world. Interesting dynamic between protagonist and player, but a short experience with fetch-the-item and puzzle gameplay that could be considered boring.Fans of story-rich games will click with this, as well as fans of pixel art and 4th wall breaking/meta games. People who enjoy puzzle gameplay and the kind of gameplay where you move to point A, collect an item, and use it at point B.Optimal Controller: Console ControllerPros4th Wall BreakingThis game breaks the 4th wall in an excellent way, treating the player as the God of the world and the protagonist as the Messiah. You have conversations with the Messiah and make her do interesting things. It's hard to explain the genius of this game without spoiling the experience, so you can either trust me or just look at the blacked out text.The game uses your Documents there and gives you documents necessary for progress. The game itself is personified as The Entity and speaks to you. Moreover, OneShot will change your desktop background to hints for a puzzle. The point of the game is that you have one shot, so reloading the game isn't possible. But you can use your documents to gain a password that allows you to do so, however this 'breaks' the game and starts destroying the world (scripted, obviously, but still interesting. Moreover, the game addresses you by the name of your user.I haven't seen these things done in games before and it was refreshing and intruiging.World and AtmosphereThe game really excels in this. You're in this dying world, where you are its only hope, and it's hinted that this isn't even guaranteed. The more cynical of gamers will think this is pretty cliched, and it is, but the way OneShot does it is quite new. The world doesn't have to constantly remind you of this; you can feel it through your interactions with its inhabitants and surroundings. The world itself is imaginative and well crafted, with its own lore and 'economy'. The world feels very complete and you can discover a lot about it through reading about it and experiencing it.Music and ArtSome nice background music and pixel art. I, personally, am a fan of pixel art, so I list it as a pro, but others may not be.Small Details and Easter EggsLots of small details that collectively enhance the game a lot. Exploration rewards you with a lot of small humorous situations and interesting ones, and a side quest.DialogueSome humorous and interesting dialogue here. Especially the dialogue you as a player has with the protagonist. A short point, but a big one.ConsLengthShort but sweet game. Still though, for veterans of the puzzle genre, you can get through this game in a few hours.Point A to Point BWhilst the exploration of the world is interesting, it's only interesting to a point. The game is largely going to one place and finding an item or doing an activity and using that item to progress by combining it with another item or using it. There will be a few puzzles as well. Doing these aren't always very fun, but this is balanced out by the interesting dialogue  and use of small detail.I definitely clicked with this game, but gamers looking for action or more dynamic gameplay will be disappointing. The way that the game uses your computer and directly addresses you will impress most gamers, but it's not everyone's thing. Still, I'm a big fan of this game and intend to play updates."
76561198016636761,Recommended,420530,31096373,Posted: 12 April,all,Undyne,"I just...wow..this game...the meta part of this game are just tiny details...i was in tears at the end because i wanted to save everyone and had to sacrifice Niko's happiness....i really really wanted to play the game again....so i was looking for a way to do so online....there i found out i can open the black clover exe.....the new, third ending....had me in tears...tears of sadness...tears of happiness....well played game.....well played.....11/10"
,Recommended,420530,33776783,Posted: 24 July,all,Henk Koffin,"Very nice little game. Liked the story, liked the way you solve the puzzles.Not so long (once you know what you need to do) but you should totally give it a try.The only thing I didn't like it's that you have to manually delete the save_state if you want to restart the game andthat's a thing you'll need to do if you want to play the second round of the game...Made with RpgMaker but it has very original tricks, try it to see.Very good!"
76561198027853169,Recommended,420530,33774684,Posted: 24 July,all,Commander Douche,"Undertale if it minused out the fighting and actually had puzzles combined with Beneath a Steel Skys item interaction/combination.Actually worth the amount I put down, up to you on the full price or sale price."
,Recommended,420530,30797741,Posted: 28 March,all,S   A   S   S,Pretty good game better than undertale
76561198079492933,Recommended,420530,33243870,Posted: 4 July,all,Sir Chirpival,"If I don't replay this game at some point, it's because I'm a soulless monster and I should be launched into the sun.I don't think I've ever played or heard of a game that told a story in a way as interesting as this one. I thought the premise was kind of silly when I first saw the game's description, but it didn't take long for the thought of silliness to be dispelled. Sure, it has humor, but the sun being a lightbulb has never been so serious.I want to talk more about it, but I'm worried I'll end up spoiling a bunch of stuff (assuming I didn't already screw up), so I'm just going to say that OneShot is an amazing game with a beautiful story, music, and characters. There are difficult puzzles of sorts, but it's all part of the beauty. HIGHLY reccomend the game."
,Recommended,420530,28354092,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,changtau2005,"This is a special little game conceived originally as an entry to an RPGMaker contest a couple of years ago.You guide a little creature called Niko to put the sun back on top of the Tower, in order to restore light to a dying world. It's a short little game, but that's okay, because it nails the characterizations, atmosphere, and worldbuilding down to a T.As much as the game gets right, the best part about it is Niko herself. I found it really charming that Niko talks directly to you through the screen, in first person, but it's her personality that truly shines. This is not Niko's world, nor is it yours. Niko is lost and cannot do this without you, but you start out just as clueless as she is, so the two of you start out on an uncertain journey and learn about one another. I was surprised how quickly and how deeply it made you care - it's like you know the character personally after a while.Your relationship with Niko and the world are also not what it seems; let Niko take a nap and the game will close. Start it up again and you'll be in Niko's dream... You'd even need to 'think outside the box' a couple of times to find answers to problems that present themselves in game, or even after the game is finished, because the answer 'no longer exists in this world'.Much of this is eventually explained, but to talk any further would be doing the game and you a great disservice. If you view games as an experience, this is the little gem of 2016.N.B. If you do pick up the game, keep an eye out for a future content drop on a date revealed in-game. If you're lost, the keyword is/solstice:3The game does some of the cool things it does through the Windows API. I didn't have any problems at all on Windows 10, but at launch time, it had some compatibility issues with some versions of Windows, so check the forums if you do run into trouble."
76561198078679059,Recommended,420530,28688024,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,pb without the j,"Video gaming has taken an interesting turn in ideas over the last years with the help of steam. Gaming culture started with mega corporations like the Atari and Nintendo which ended up being in competition with television companies. News networks would lie to parents about the dangers of gaming like the controversial myth that violence in games turn people violent in real life when, in truth, if you give anyone a go in a GTA game thinking they will inevitably steal a car and go down mowing down bystanders, the player would still go on their daily lives thanks to the fine bros on YouTube of elderly people playing video games, and enjoying it. But gaming has also turned to the independent companies that have at least five people working on a game and making millions, because they dared to make new ideas. Therefore, you see boxed copies of famous indie games like “super meat boy” and more importantly 'Minecraft' to be ported onto consoles because gaming industries have noticed the importance of these creations.Then there is the creation of 'Undertale', which made it possible for people to sympathise with AI so much that they would be able to see them as friends and not so much as coding. The game has sparked in popularity because of the bonding moments between AI and human present in the game thanks to some creative ideas.  On the list of “games you would rarely see a major company create” is 'OneShot' which has as much impact as its counterpart 'Undertale' in the emotions department.The game also boasts many ideas that you would not normally see in a video game. All I could say is that it works as a computer game and only would work as a computer game. This strengthens the bond between AI and Human because it feels real to the point you care about the outcomes of your actions.GameplayThe Game works as a top down adventure game with some effort you would catergorise it as a point and click, adventure game (Call the both). The puzzles aren’t something to brag about but what will surprise and shock you is a mechanic that goes out of the games window, Literally. You must go out of your own game to figure out puzzles a mysterious sentient will throw at you every time you interact with a computer in game. I have never had a spine chilling feel like that when I got close to something like Lisa, where the joy monsters would just stand there, with a creepy look on their face, and you would have to fight them, sooner or later. The game treats this mechanic as a core game aspect and always throws you something new and original that might get you stumped for a while. But you most likely will figure it out for yourself, and most importantly for the child your controlling.AtmosphereThe world building in this game is very well paced and compelling. It helps with the sense of dread you have for yourself and for the child you controlling even though you’re in no real danger. The many characters you meet are trustworthy and not even close to being hateable. They all have their own views on the world but not to the point of depression and have very solid ideas. You never feel like you’re in real danger in the game thanks to the help of the cutesy art style that kind of reminded me of 'Starbound' with some of the character design. But the most important relationship you will have is with the child you will control and care for. The child is what will help you progress in the game and will occasionally talk about his life before the events of where he is now. You almost feel sad for him and can’t help but feel worried for him as well. This is the greatest strength of the game, the bond between AI and player that has barey been touched in almost any game.negativethe game is very cuetsy and likeable, with a good story and mechanic that goes together like penut butter and jelly. so whats the bad part, well its one problem, a very big problem. once you played the game you can never undo your actions, especially if your using a different computer. I tried many ways to truely erase the games save. This is why Undertale never done this when it comes to installing on new computers. Don't buy this if your willing to show it to other people and especially make sure cloud save is off when your installing it on a different computer. if anyone knows how to truelly reset the game, i will mention their name in the review and get rid of this negative feedback.ConclusionAs pointed out again 'Oneshot' is a very engaging and enjoyable game that is playable for basicly anyone, and a world that is believable enough to the likes of 'Undertale'. I recommend you get this game, even at its full price because you will never get anything like this on any console or touch based devices. It goes up to the likes of games that made me care for my actions such as 'Neoscavenger' and, obviously 'Undertale'. The only way to not recommend this if you are a sadistic psychopath with a tendency to alienate everyone you meet. If not, just get this game, it may even teach you something that you wouldn’t see in most games."
,Recommended,420530,33868446,Posted: 28 July,all,X man 20000,This game  ̶̗͟ ̶͜҉͏̞̀ ̀̀͞ ̴̢́̀ ͟҉ ed me up... 10/10...You should play this game with no idea what it is...You'll be happy you did... but... sad at the same time...
76561198359682891,Recommended,420530,33790446,Posted: 25 July,all,fez_derptor,THIS IS THE BEST AND MOST EMOTIONAL GAME EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,420530,33473338,Posted: 12 July,all,Vijay 'Thugge',One of THE best singleplayer games I have played. If you liked the likes of off and undertale you'll like this one. And even if you didn't it does enough to seperates itself from those. Personally I didn't find the music to be as good as the likes of Hyper Light Drifter but it still is quite good. The characters were all unique and the story was way more intiricate that I had initially thought. Do yourself a favor and pick this one up.
76561198167423862,Recommended,420530,33891375,Posted: 29 July,all,Goatie,this game is epic 100/100 IGN
,Recommended,420530,33439667,Posted: 10 July,all,Mineblozer,This game was phenomenal.That's about all I can say.13/11 would recommend
,Recommended,420530,33918839,Posted: 30 July,all,spooky dakota,"This game is ABSOLUTELY AMAZING.This was an emotional journy worth every cent that I spent on the game. This is essentially a better version of undertale. The puzzles are clever, and fun to put together, while the gameplay is gripping from start to finish. You get to know all sorts of fun and interesting characters within this world. Not to mention an ending that brought tears to my eyes.I went through this in one go, and I will do it again. Absolutely 10/10.I heavily suggest that you buy this game."
76561198346545136,Recommended,420530,33931563,Posted: 31 July,all,CatComixzStudios,"OneShot is one of the most charming and creatively told stories I've experienced in a LONG TIME.The world is so surprisingly well-developed that when it came time for a Major Choice, I seriously had trouble with it. Without saying too much, the game presents the kind of choice that, in any other game, I have no trouble making. But here, the circumstances are so complex that I actually had to spend a WHILE thinking about how to procede.If you're getting it, I STRONGLY recommend seeking out a friend who has played it that can offer help with some of the puzzle solutions just in case you get stuck. Most aren't too complex, but it's better than running the risk seeing spoilers for it.Also Niko is the goodest boy ever. Period."
76561198117611350,Recommended,420530,33959932,Posted: 1 August,all,Tinky_Winky,"this is one of the best games that i have ever played. I NEVER leave reviews on games but I just had to for this game. the puzzles are fun, the story line is amazing, and the characters are so lovable and well made. this game made me laugh with it's fun and light hearted jokes, it made me cry with many things that happen, and it made me think not only about the puzzles but also the chioces I made in the game and what effect they really all had. This game went beyond what I was expecting for sure and blew my mind. Also the art work is stunning and the way they potrayed things as being warm and friendly or cold and creepy when it needed to be was just amazing and made the game feel fantastic. if you have the money and are into stories and stuff I would highly reccomend! 10/10."
76561198031037454,Recommended,420530,31090967,Posted: 11 April,all,Nikratio,"Wow, just wow.I understood how people got excited about Undertale, but didn't find all that fascinating myself. This, on the other hand, is gonna remain engraved in my memory for a very long time.Just play it. The first chapter seemed a little disappointing to me at first, but everything after that made more than up for it."
,Recommended,420530,29412993,Posted: 21 January,all,=ADK= LtNoobslayer,"I'm only a few hours into my first playthrough and I'm already impressed with the wit and technical wizardry behind the gimmicks and the amazingly well-built narrative.  The game may seem rather simple at times and at others have you wishing there was a bit more explanation to go off of.  Despite only having a few hours under my belt (1.5 of which were spent wandering, lost,  in circles in the barrens) I'm surprisingly invested in the story.  I'd even go so far as to say that Bioware could learn a thing or three about character development from this game.  For every one thing I learn about the world I have five more questions that need answering.  The game looks great, just plain and simple.  The artwork and soundtrack work well to make this a very pleasant and relaxing game to play, and this is some high praise as I almost always disable in game music.  The game was running almost flawlessly on my Linux hacked Chromebook until a certain extra-game event didn't trigger properly (No spoilers since it's one of the fun parts of the game).  I was delighted though that after the game freaked out on me and had to be force closed, the next time I launched it on my main windows machine (thank Gaben for Steam cloud sync) I was greeted by a panicked Niko wondering why everything went dark.  I've never felt so concerned for characters in a game following a crash until now.  I almost felt bad for killing the locked up process.  Even my heavy RPG games have never elicited this response from me.  I hope that once I finish this game I will have the capacity to remember to come update this review with some better insight and what will probably be more abounding laudation.In short, This game is well worth the price for a one of a kind experience.  If it's on sale you have even less of an excuse to not own it."
,Recommended,420530,31027994,Posted: 8 April,all,interFaZer,"Cool little game, and one of the most enjoyable 4th wall experiences I've had in recent memory. I thoroughly recommend it.Think Undertale, but without the overwhelmingly autistic fanbase."
76561198280216711,Recommended,420530,29412085,Posted: 21 January,all,nyxraiis,"Feels, this is what you will get from that game. You will feel YOU are inside the story and I can't say more or I will spoil it. Don't hesitate to buy it, it has a fair price and it is worth it. I loved Undertale and I love OneShot a lot more.Beautiful musics , nice graphics and great puzzles. Just play it already."
,Recommended,420530,31181576,Posted: 16 April,all,Fire Destiny,"This game blew my mind, it was amazing the puzzles were nice good atmospheric music. Overall great game, must play ^w^"
76561198059828736,Recommended,420530,30804233,Posted: 28 March,all,♠ Roxas ♠,Wonderful. Just absolutely wonderful! I never write reviews for games I've played but this one truly deserves it. This truly felt like more than a game. I was completely immerced and became attached to Niko as a character. Best game I've played in a long time... Highly recommend.
,Recommended,420530,33105171,Posted: 1 July,all,Panda Jesus (Matt),"I haven't even gotten past the first stage and I love this game. So far, the game talks to YOU. You are the ""god"". You are the person that controls everything. Every action you make affects the game. I take a nap in a bed I found and it closes down my game. That was the coolest mechanic I've seen in a long time."
,Recommended,420530,30869985,Posted: 1 April,all,Mr. Sirius,"Embark on an epic quest to guide a Catlike human named Niko through a world he has never known, as you (the player) play the role of God, guiding, and giving advice to Niko as he is assigned the role of  ""The Messiah"" and given the task of returning the world's Sun to it's original resting place, restoring all light to the world.As you make new friends in the world and experience everything it has to offer, you may develop a personal bond with Niko, as you do, he remembers his home world in dreams and questions if he will ever return. Some ""help"" comes to assist you in your progression of the quest, but all is not well. ""Squares"" are slowly tearing the world apart as Niko progresses closer to the point where the Sun belongs. If he returns it, will all truly be well? Will Niko return to his home world? Is there a way to save ""everything""?As God, what will you ""do"" to help everything end the way it was meant to?You may never get to find out... if you only get One Shot."
76561198035182410,Recommended,420530,29803160,Posted: 9 February,all,Metzelmax,Being Meta - The game.10/10
,Recommended,420530,30737737,Posted: 25 March,all,Conjured Skeleton,"I cannot emphasize enough how much I enjoyed this game.It's been so long since a game genuinely made me care about a character in a game. And it's been so long since that has ever happened. I usually don't care when anything happens to people or things in games. But Niko? It really impressed me.The gameplay is fun aswel, it's got some cool 4th wall breaking puzzles here and there. But the story is where it's at. Amazing characters and a well-built world left me breathless after the whole experience.If you do end up playing this game. Don't play through it just once, give it another shot, maybe something special will happen."
76561198086024922,Recommended,420530,30773063,Posted: 27 March,all,IHateThisMap,"If you dont care about good stories and/or have no patience with games at all. Then you might not care about this game. I personally liked it a lot and I think that most people would like it too, if they just would give it a chance and some time."
76561198094443908,Recommended,420530,33002506,Posted: 29 June,all,Sunshine1300,"My review of OneShot comes as a warning I may have liked to see before playing this game. I, personally, was emotionally traumatized for days after I finished it. This is because it is such a great game that totally involves you as the player. It didn't take me too long to finish it, and the whole adventure was sweet and intriguing while having great style and music. It also totally breaks the fourth wall, which really freaked me out in the beginning (mostly because it was so cool) but I could see some people not appreciating the paranoia it can cause. A word of advice: if you choose to play OneShot, do not play it in fullscreen mode, do not freak out, and try not to get too emotionally invested in the game. Trust me, it'll be difficult not to, and the ending might haunt you for a few days after you take your shot.I do not regret playing this game, but I'm serious when I say I was emotionally distressed after finishing it :)"
,Recommended,420530,33358988,Posted: 7 July,all,SoullessMuffin,"This is a hidden gem....I can't go into any details because the less you know about this game, the more you will enjoy it. Trust the overwhelmingly positive reviews and buy this game."
,Recommended,420530,34098220,Posted: 8 August,all,Da Spoon,"Never before have I felt so sad to turn off a game, leaving it's inhabitants in the darkness.This game is incredible. The atmosphere is tangible, the characters practically live and breathe, and you yourself become a character in the game, facing inevitabilities that become hard to take.Emotional, deep, and well told story. Someone should be very proud of this world they've created."
,Recommended,420530,34089916,Posted: 7 August,all,wubsum,a beautiful story and a very impressive rpg maker game. I would play it again but I feel like the whole point of oneshot would be ruined if I did. Please buy this game!
,Recommended,420530,34105223,Posted: 8 August,all,[IBA]BunOnTheFun,I will never be able to eat pancakes without crying to myself ever again.
,Recommended,420530,34133579,Posted: 9 August,all,JaxInsany,"Easily the most touching and unique RPG experience I have ever had. The story is incredible, the twists and turns of the experience are meaningful and, most importantly, the entire game is gorgoeus in every way. The devs made an incredible journey that I would recommend that everyone experience."
76561198052338910,Recommended,420530,33382904,Posted: 8 July,all,Smitty Werbenjaegermenjensen,"Overwhelming. Even tho words don't live up to the experience I had with this game, that's the closest it gets.Play it, or die incomplete."
76561198067944979,Recommended,420530,34114251,Posted: 8 August,all,Praedyth,!! i love it.  i never felt so emotionally immersed.
,Recommended,420530,28811261,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Minthulhu (Omen),"Well then.You guys and your fantastic game have made me experience those nasty little things called:feelings. I did really enjoy the game. The art style was cute, and rather detailed for a (mostly) pixel based game. My one gripe would be the music, as it seems to be mostly short loops. The looping however, was not annoying, therefore posing little issue.I'd give it a solid 8.5/10Also spoilersI had Niko place the sun on top of the tower. While I helped Niko save the world, I also managed to rob him of his family (Just his mother?), and his home. Even though the world seems like a better place, and Niko seems happy with the choice, I still feel incredibly guilty (I was going to feel infinitely moreso the other way, so in my mind it was the right choice)."
,Recommended,420530,34039332,Posted: 5 August,all,Hua Miao Miao,"I've never played a game like this before. It's truly unique, in the way it breaks the fourth wall.The story is original too, and the main character really grew on me. Niko is just so adorable!It's really worth the high ratings, and the only way you'll truly discover why, is to just play it and experience it for yourself."
76561198122936072,Recommended,420530,30242963,Posted: 28 February,all,lol (trading) TradeSkinsFast.com,Play it before  the undertale fandom migrates and ruins the game!
,Recommended,420530,34053236,Posted: 5 August,all,Sola,i think i'm permanently broken now
76561198250506398,Recommended,420530,34311179,Posted: 17 August,all,annavc200,"Every time I ask someone if they've played this game, they say they've never even heard of it. And that is the greatest tragedy in the entire world, because everyone should know this game. I don't want to say anything about the plot because that ruins the whole thing, but I will say that as far as story-driven games go, this is the best one out there, hands down. You'll fall in love with the main character, and every other character, which just makes it that much harder. Buy this game, please, because it's so good and I want everyone to know how good it is."
,Recommended,420530,34282844,Posted: 16 August,all,Awmax,"If you liked undertale but found the combat hard this is literally perfect for you.Shatter or Save?Edit: after beating it, I must tell you that starting a new game is quite.. complicated."
,Recommended,420530,33686936,Posted: 20 July,all,Exhilarance,"Loved it, thank you for making! I highly recommend. ^_^"
,Recommended,420530,34321747,Posted: 17 August,all,in2erval,"The core game can be summed up as Undertale - combat + extreme amout of meta.This game was... very eerie and yet very charming. The art is beautiful, the puzzles were creative, and the meta was incredibly well thought-out.Also Niko is way too cute."
,Recommended,420530,34341359,Posted: 18 August,all,MM4ge,"I can barely put into words how amazing this game is, and it's better that way. You should dive head first into it and experience it for yourself, without any reviews or spoilers ruining it. Buy it the next time you get the chance."
,Recommended,420530,34353950,Posted: 19 August,all,Streview,"This is game is seriously underated as hell.I mean, it's not the ""BEST THING EVER"", but it's a pretty fine gem.What You Should Know:- The Game Has Some original mechanics- You Should Play The Game Twice (Believe me, without spoling too much - You'll find thing differemt)- Some Characters Should've been more in the spotlight.- You Will Probably Cry- The Main Character, Niko, Is NOT a silent protagonist (which is a damn fine plus in my book).Overall, Get OneShot, It's a nice expreince that you will enjoy."
,Recommended,420530,34388369,Posted: 20 August,all,BuRst,"For reference, I was hooked on Undertale the day I found it. The same goes for this game. If you like games like Undertale or other games which have some fourth wall breaking moments, you'lllovethis game. It is very story rich, and the fourth wall breaks it has provides a unique experience outside the game window, and enhances the in-game experience greatly. I won't go into specifics as to why this game is good beyond that, as doing so would harm the experience as a whole for you if you do decide to play it. But I will say that, perhaps, good is an understatement for this game. In my own opinion anyhow.I've shared this game with some of my friends through family steam sharing, and none of them have been disappointed. Even my friend who thought Undertale wasn't worth his time felt that this game was something interesting, and that it was actually worth playing.The $10 pricetag for this game can perhaps seem to be a bit much considering that you most likely will not play it for more than a few hours, but I wouldn't recommend this game if I felt it was not worth it. Though you might only play the game for a little while, there will be an impact on you which will persist beyond the game. After playing Undertale, I didn't really stop thinking about the game, its message, or my experience with it - they all kind of stuck with me. The same applies here, and being that I've been thinking about Undertale for over a year now, it's unlikely that this game will be any different.Overall, I would recommend this game to anyone who likes cute protagonists, story rich games, fourth wall breaks, or games which will make you feel a plethora of emotions (sometimes all at once). If you like any of those, I implore you to try this game. You won't regret it.Oh, and don't forget: You only have one shot."
,Recommended,420530,31760024,Posted: 14 May,all,Astromancer,"OneShot isn't so much a game as much as it is an interactive adventure of sorts. It's nearly a non-game in fact. The only difficulty is in figuring out the relatively-simple puzzles that you are presented with. However, this game has some of the best characters, music, and charm I've seen compared to more recent releases, in indie and AAA both.And now, with the Solstice update, everything is given proper closure with the final, true ending. I won't lie, I cried when I finished. You really feel for Niko, as it's just as much YOUR journey as it is Niko's.The only drawback to this game is how short it is, but I don't really mind that since it's a well-written, charming, and memorable little adventure. I'd say it's certainly worth it's full price, but if you can't justify that to yourself, I understand completely. It's most certainly worth it's sale price though."
76561198412741755,Recommended,420530,34243177,Posted: 14 August,all,-_- ᶻᶻᶻ,Amazing.
76561198354113553,Recommended,420530,32975828,Posted: 28 June,all,KarmicWill,"Damn. this game... Probably one of the best ive played. If you loved Undertale, I can Guarentee you will Love OneShot. The game is so meta that it feels sentient. I Swear it's Sentient. ITS NOT JUST A GAME ITS ALIVE"
,Recommended,420530,31329952,Posted: 23 April,all,RowanSkie,8/10Not enough Undertale comparers; hello penguins; roombas; cats; robots; librarians who would stick in their rooms; funny comments; nosy programs; and a cat.Actually who am I kidding just go play(don't be scared of the atmosphere.)
76561198276572029,Recommended,420530,34204161,Posted: 12 August,all,FraughtQuill,"The best game I have ever played.This is no game, this is art.The best ten dollars I have spent in my life."
,Recommended,420530,28338055,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,『      』,Great game.  My playthrough lasted 4 hours and I had fun every second of it.
,Recommended,420530,34231114,Posted: 14 August,all,YaBoiSkinny,Dear god this game is on another level.It's criminally underrated.soundtrack makes it even better. 10/10 would go to my documents again
,Recommended,420530,34459212,Posted: 24 August,all,DesertBull,"beautiful soundtrack, intresting puzzles. is bascially a game that I love to enjoy play and relax.  Easlily one of my memorable games. loving it <3"
,Recommended,420530,34531551,Posted: 27 August,all,Moge-Ko,"Perfect just Perfect..The art style is amazingly cute, the music (and walking sounds lul) and the story makes me feel so glad i bought this back then..The story is really sad going for the true end so please be prepared to maybe shed some tears!"
,Recommended,420530,31397199,Posted: 27 April,all,SilverGlimse,This game is really fun and interesting! I really recommend it!
,Recommended,420530,33900054,Posted: 30 July,all,Lunar,"Story: Niko wakes up in an unfamiliar, dark house. You must guide Niko through the world to restore the world's dead sun...Gameplay: In addition to the common 2D RPG elements like exploring the world, talking to NPCs, and solving puzzles, this game has a unique game mechanic that breaks the fourth wall. That game mechanic is what makes you care about the game, and will make this game an unforgettable experience in your life...Graphics: Simple 2D-pixelated style graphic, nothing too special. But I do enjoy the overall dark atmosphere of the game. There are also some beautiful and detailed cutscene images.Sound: The soundtrack fits perfectly with the dark atmosphere of the game. The ambience sound and noise makes the game really immersive. Sound effects are also enjoyable and memorable.Conclusion: If you like a game that's immersive, has a great story, and a twist on normal gameplay, then go for it.Niko is a cat."
76561198346512794,Recommended,420530,34420005,Posted: 22 August,all,Pixel Kid,"(You wake up in a strange room, its dark.)(A sense of great mystery looms over you)(You find items scattered across what seems to be a house)(And now, you have found the code. Messages appear on the screen)(You only have)Oneshotbut putting this aside Oneshot is a very charming game. At its core, Its a game which , you have to care about the choices you make. You aren't the characher of the game. But you lead Niko, the Main character in the right direction. As you go places, you'll find objects scattered across the land, These items are important to the games main mechanic, You use items, Such as a crowbar, you help Niko's Quest to restore the light to the world, and go home. Its a good game.EDIT: THIS GAME IS NOT A GAMEITS A EXPERIENCEI'm glad i got this game, it made me think smarter than i would normallythe fact that it says stuff like ""it doesn't exist"" but its on your pc ITSELF.although i did get freaked out when it changed MY BACKGROUNDnot only that but with the ending (spoiler free m8's) gave two choices.It made me sad for the choice i made meant i couldn't (HEY DIDN'T I SAY NO SPOLIERS)If i were to play again (because any choice in the end would softlock the game) i would try to get all the achivments. because well i couldn't get most.Its amazingEdit 2: I made a good choice. It was a bittersweet ending.ALSO I HAVEN'T PLAYED SOLSTICE YETi might not even play it"
,Recommended,420530,34494593,Posted: 25 August,all,d4twen21024,"No game had ever made me cry before OneShot. It is so well made, and the characters feels so real that finishing the game felt like saying goodbye to a group of good friends. Highly recommended, this is probably my favourite game of all time now."
,Recommended,420530,34704905,Posted: 3 September,all,NailzTF,"So deep, touching story for such a simple game. I'll remember Nico and the World for a long time. Goodbye, Nico."
,Recommended,420530,34341940,Posted: 18 August,all,TheMajesticForce,I don't understand why this game isn't more popular. I really loved this game and I also loved the music. I will try to get my friends to play this amazing game.
,Recommended,420530,31268502,Posted: 20 April,all,CJomei,"Don't look at any more reviews, screenshots, or let's plays. Buy this game after reading this, you will not regret it."
,Recommended,420530,31652915,Posted: 9 May,all,Zawmbee,This game was incredible. The unique elements of gameplay were outstanding. The story and artwork were perfect. 10/10 would recomend to literally everyone I know who enjoys video games.
,Recommended,420530,31654822,Posted: 9 May,all,Zachary,this game was worth every penny it made me cry and laugh and cheer i would buy it again and again it was so good i hope everyone gives it a shot cause this game more than deserves it
,Recommended,420530,31331721,Posted: 23 April,all,mister jeffdog,"Absolutely loved it. One of the greatest of its kind. The game was very immersive, and I really recommend it to EVERYONE.PLAY IT. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,420530,34798743,Posted: 7 September,all,serious swamp ass,"Note: I got this game while it was on sale. The sale price was $5 as far as I can remember.OneShot is a beautiful game that deserves all the attention it has gotten. This Undertale-like game is very compelling and it is hard to exit (even though it forces you to). This game is for the people that love being involved in their game. I'm not even kidding. You are a character in this game (it pulls your name from your computer). This game does so well with character development and has about 5-6 hours of playtime (if you want to complete the whole thing). OneShot also has multiple endings, so there is much replayability within.Don't look into the game much, as the spoilers aren't worth it and you should experience it yourself.I mean, c'mon, 10 dollars for a game that almost brings you to tears? Definitely worth it."
76561198152005359,Recommended,420530,33243400,Posted: 4 July,all,Phantomjump,Best GOD DAMN Game ever. look no further in the comments just play....
76561198282389339,Recommended,420530,34576794,Posted: 29 August,all,Dimka,"You only have one shot, just buy this game and play it !There is a beautiful story to it, great soundtrack, great gameplay. Need more ?"
76561198069615505,Recommended,420530,34808247,Posted: 7 September,all,julianlur,Amazing game. Definately worth continuing after the initail ending. 10/10.
,Recommended,420530,34808733,Posted: 7 September,all,Sage,HOW IS THIS SO GOOD
,Recommended,420530,34814847,Posted: 8 September,all,n00bhax,"This was the first time for a game to make me care about the characters. Normally I just make choices the game doesn't want you to make to see how the game would react to it, but in this game, I didn't want to because I would feel bad for Niko (the protagonist). It's a very unique game with mechanics I had never seen before and the story is good as well.I really recommend this game, not because it's thé best game out there but for its unique aspects."
76561198067022671,Recommended,420530,31716542,Posted: 12 May,all,Razor,"This game......wow....this game.....Well, where to start?-The visuals are amazing-The characters are unique-The story............well, the story will leave you in absolute tears. And that's coming from a person who doesn't normally cry. At all.Get this game, and play trough the original chapters and the bonus chapter: Solstice, you won't regret itThis might sound extemely overdone but, this game is a 10\10 for me.A true masterpeice to remember for a lifetime.This game broke me.Good luck."
76561198183971602,Recommended,420530,34828082,Posted: 8 September,all,Silk,"if theres niko plushesGIMMIE ONE. I MUST WORSHIP TEH CAT HOOMAN.also when i tried both endings i cried so meh third time playing.great game tho, 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000/10"
,Recommended,420530,31529229,Posted: 3 May,all,Midnight,"Definitely a new favorite of mine. If you haven't, stop looking at reviews and give this game a try; it's worth the price."
,Recommended,420530,35187004,Posted: 24 September,all,Makin,Pretty much Undertale without the combat and with more walking around solving puzzles. Excellent meta storytelling too. Not a perfect game but everyone should be able to like it.
,Recommended,420530,29929831,Posted: 14 February,all,Icebrick,"I bought this game when someone mentioned this in a review for another game. It was an amazing decision. I love almost everything about this game. It has amazing artwork, a great story, and I don't want to spoil anything, but it has some REALLY unique puzzles. I highly recommend this game if you don't mind spending 10$ on something really short with no combat."
,Recommended,420530,30791921,Posted: 28 March,all,zGunnarr,"OneShot is one of those games similar to Undertale in which it is a deep and vibrant story that is best experienced first-hand with no prior knowledge of the game. The less you know about the game, the better you will enjoy it.As the description says, ""the world knows you exist"", and I have never seen such a gameplay element handled better than OneShot. It's hard to give this game enough praise without spoiling anything for new players, and so I must refrain.If you are a fan of meaningful narratives filled with deep interaction then look no further than OneShot. It is a truly moving story.10/10"
,Recommended,420530,32970507,Posted: 28 June,all,[adult swim],"In terms of gameplay OneShot is a good game. 8/10 type gameplay where you talk to NPC's and gather items to solve puzzles to progress to the next area. It has an extremely unique mechanic on how progression is handled by interesting means. I won't spoil it but it's very immersive.In terms of an experience however, OneShot is really something else. It's immersive, somber, funny, and either makes you fear for your computer's safety or is really unique. (It's both.)Also there's *extra* things. What? You thought you beat the game? PFFFT.But yeah, it took me a month (No joke) to get over the ending. Then I ruined the immersion for myself and tried to remember that it's just a game. After a summer of wallowing in my own tears I came to the conclusion this game is great and you should play it. Anyone can, so why not?OneShot is now a memory: One that I will carry for my whole life, and possibly beyond.I will never forget the journey me and Niko shared."
76561198075646086,Recommended,420530,35188240,Posted: 24 September,all,★°•PumpkinPuff•°★,"It's extremely hard to put into details on just how amazing this game is! It's filled with emotion, the artstyle and the music are brilliant. This is the best puzzle game I have ever played and it is definitely worth the $10"
,Recommended,420530,34094999,Posted: 7 August,all,2 - 32,it was great.
76561198299590959,Recommended,420530,29329300,Posted: 17 January,all,Dat Niko,This is one of the best games you will ever play
,Recommended,420530,31763246,Posted: 14 May,all,Haby001,A game that will twist your heart in so many unexpected ways. Full of charming characters and great soundtrack that will pull you in and you will have trouble knowing when the game actually ends.
,Recommended,420530,30996360,Posted: 7 April,all,Parth,You can herd ram as a (not) catwhat else do you need?
76561198146197638,Recommended,420530,32114725,Posted: 1 June,all,Niko,"Words can't describe the emotional rollar coaster I went through, please experiance this game."
76561198087034203,Recommended,420530,30731860,Posted: 25 March,all,Spenzaroo,"Niko is a child, stranded into a world that isn't their own, with the heavy burden that is this world's sun. The only way to save it, as they're told early on, is to place the sun at the very top of the tower.It might feel impossible for Niko at first, but thankfully they got your help, you, a god from another world who will help Niko. Be it that they need reassurance, or simply a different perspective on a problem, maybe they'll feel like a better judgement is needed. Niko trusts you, and knows you'll guide their little cat feet where they must go.-My favorite game, probably of all time. I genuinely cared about Niko, I cannot recommend this game enough, brilliantly written, paced and illustrated. The challenges are decently challenging, and the world is very interesting and deep.I've yet to find a complain to make about this game.Solid 9.5/10"
,Recommended,420530,30732140,Posted: 25 March,all,ProphetBot,Get this damn game already
76561198087663027,Recommended,420530,30678323,Posted: 22 March,all,Hoso Boyo,"Buy it. Buy it now. Don't do any research on it, just buy it. BUY ONESHOT."
,Recommended,420530,30687388,Posted: 23 March,all,vialynv,"A deceptively short game, which may leave you overwhelmed at the end.Definitely warrants a replay."
,Recommended,420530,29095881,Posted: 7 January,all,robotkidplaysgames,"This is one of my favorite games I've ever played, hands-down. The characters were delightful and the dynamics of the world were fascinating, and the 4th-wall interactions were SO clever. It's a beautiful game, obviously made with love, and I really felt connected to the characters and their experiences, as well as the little details and secrets -- certain pieces of dialogue, items in the environment, they made it feel fleshed out and tangible, and gave this game great depth. I really loved Oneshot, even though I shed some tears, and if you like clever puzzle games with beautiful environments and sweet characters, I think you will, too."
,Recommended,420530,33758367,Posted: 23 July,all,Max Litnov,YOU'RE GONNA CARRY THAT WEIGHT.
76561198053051563,Recommended,420530,29096549,Posted: 7 January,all,darobs64,This game needs more fanart
76561198060592121,Recommended,420530,31266825,Posted: 20 April,all,Scribblez,"Holy @#$%. The most amazing game I have ever played and the only one I've ever bothered to review. Nothing but chills, laughter and tears. If you enjoy ""simple"" RPGs, with a few minor puzzles, along with an AMAZING story, look no further.Not much can be said about this game without spoils, however within the first few minutes of playing, it'll definitely suck you in with it's quirks.Nothing but flawlessness in my humble opinion.Go home Niko! <\3"
,Recommended,420530,33739425,Posted: 23 July,all,salad man,"Literally the MOST CREATIVE AND UNIQUE GAME I'VE PLAYED IN A PRETTY DANG LONG TIME OHH MY GOD-- so much about OneShot is just... beautiful? So incredibly beautiful? The story, the setting, oh my god the colors, ALL the characters, and I've never seen in my entire life a credit roll as cleverly done as the solstice update's ending, and jesus, I love how the game interacts with my computer and really pops out of the game, literally. That brought it up to a whole new level of personality and just wow. Buy this game honestly. Buy it like 5 times"
76561198043117308,Recommended,420530,33749626,Posted: 23 July,all,Nate Not So Great,"Holy feels batman...If for some reason you dont own this game yet, you have to play it.  Just do it.  I will never look at a computer game the same again.  Just finished, time to go back to my mediocre games.  feels bad man."
,Recommended,420530,31283899,Posted: 21 April,all,Teh Spearhead,Finishing this game was like binge watching a show on Netflix. I've done the whole thing and now I don't know what to do with myself.Thank you for the experience.
76561198182022449,Recommended,420530,33004051,Posted: 29 June,all,TheMrMoMo,"Such an amazing Game. It really manages to draw you in and make you emphasize. This might become my become favorite Game. At first I didn't think much about it when it advertised itself as having unique puzzle mechanics. But now, after having witnessed it firsthand, I'd say this might be an Understatement.Nice Art styleGreat Character DesignAwesome OSTIncredible, absolutely Mind blowing Puzzle Mechanics.10/10"
76561198098189295,Recommended,420530,32994409,Posted: 29 June,all,minecon2,"To be honest, I wouldn't even know HOW to describe my thoughts about the game. At first, all you could think about when playing for the first time is 'it's just a game, nothing special'. But after I played the solstice-chapter, I...I-I...How do I say this? I found like... Like I would take the courage to imagine this to be something that really happened! Like this story is real and I'm the person Niko's talking to. But, when you finish playing, you come back to reality and find that it's just a game made by an ordinary person. Just... Fake... No, not fake, Simulated.The aspect of that you have to go and actually search through the files of your own, REAL computer to be able to play is amazing! You have to restart the game everytime Niko goes to sleep and so you can continue to play. I even thought about sleeping myself during this pause 'cause, when you start the game back up, you'll start right at the moment she experiences a dream!I even dreamt about Niko once... That I was travelling through an empty void to find a strange, nice world and... That it's Niko's world! That she was actually real! That it was all real! But then... I woke up and found myself with bloodshot eyes from crying... I actually cried in my SLEEP because I knew it couldn't be real... That I couldn't see her again...This game is something to only play once. To only play to see the ending and then keep it there as a reminder. I sometimes think about restarting and actually allowing the World Machine to create the 'copy' of Niko, but then I realise... That's not the same. It'll never be the same again. I'll... I-I'll never see... Her again.... #sniff#To be honest, this review is writen whilst I'm emotional. Who wouldn't? Who wouldn't cry about this? If someone who's reading says he/she didn't then pall, you've got no soul! 'Cause I've cried about this and I don't cry that quickly! I've gone through funerals, through bullying, though the worst days anyone can have and I've only cried once! ONCE!! So if a game can get me crying, then... You know what I mean, don't you all? Please don't hate me through this. I've just finished exams and I've had a though time and this game was something I wanted to try out. It adds new dimensions to the gameplay and is just something you should try yourself. 'Cause honestly, only through playing it yourself will you understand what this guy went through.Minecon2, signing off from homebase. Have a nice day and enjoy your games!"
76561198209581748,Recommended,420530,32994568,Posted: 29 June,all,SekaiKekness,"8/10One of the greatest games I have played; it's so meta that a fourth wall doesn't even exist - and this is made very clear early on, as the game extends its influence far beyond the game itself. It influences your computer, it influences your mind, it influences the essence of the soul.OneShot is also incredibly atmospheric. The visuals and the soundtrack (which are both amazing by themselves) blend together amazingly, to create an amazing atmosphere of pure serenity.The characters are designed creatively and are pretty likeable, especially Niko.Oh, and by the way, without spoiling anything, when you think the game is over - let me just tell you that it isn't."
,Recommended,420530,34928516,Posted: 13 September,all,WM - Viper,"I LOVE THIS GAME! it doesn't just is a great story, but you, as the player, is part of the story. YOU are one of them. I highly recommend this game, I would even buy it for you if you really want it but..... I can't... PLEASE MAKE A SECOND GAME OR AT LEAST EXTEND THIS ONE A BIT MORE! I MISS NIKO!!!"
,Recommended,420530,31477566,Posted: 30 April,all,Nate Conagher,"it's a great game with a likeable main protagonist,i like how it breaks the fourth wall,but remember you only have OneShot...no pressure"
76561198160749667,Recommended,420530,35217253,Posted: 26 September,all,Freize,"I never thought a simple top-down indie game could make me feel the way it did. The way as to how the game itself gives you, the player, a role in the game, to how it connects to you on such an emotional level is just mind blowing.The main character became a close friend and ally. The people you meet along the way start to feel more than just NPCs of a game. I never write reviews for games, but I'm popping my Review-cherry for this because this game is worth every bit of your time.Memorable characters, wonderful water-colored CGs, and a narrative that will let you carry on lessons later in life. This is everything I've ever wanted in an indie game, from the simplicity of the scenery, to the complexity of the plot.I'd meet my little friend again every day, if I could."
,Recommended,420530,35302388,Posted: 29 September,all,Roshe Nek,"I have only one thing to say. If you thought Undertale was meta and self-aware, prepare to be this game's ♥♥♥♥♥."
,Recommended,420530,30971790,Posted: 5 April,all,Caffie,..The only game that made me cry... and cry a lot.... such a beautiful game and story.. with great characters.. I really care for this game.
,Recommended,420530,30325562,Posted: 4 March,all,ＲＥＯＮＡＲＤ,"How manycatsnormal persons does it take to change a lightbulb?Apparently it takes Niko, God, and an extradimensional Entity that talks through computers. And it isn't just a lightbulb, it's the frickin'sun. The new sun, to be exact. The old one went out, and without it, the world is dying. Not that it wasn't already dying; the old sun's disappearance just made everything a whole lot worse a whole lot faster. You probably can't save the world. But hey, shouldn't you at least try? What have you got to lose? After all, you're the Messiah. You're the one who's gonna fix everything...right?Well, that's up to you to decide. You are the God of this world; it is your duty to guide Niko, the cat-eyed messiahwho isnota cat, on his journey towards the Tower where the new sun must go. You are not without help, though. You, the Entity, and your very own computer will have to work together to beat the game and see Niko to the top of the Tower and safely home.I'm not sure I can say anything else without giving too much away. Just play this game, I promise you won't regret it. I beat it in one day, but I'll never forget the experience. Never before have I grown so attached to a protagnist. Never before have I cared so much about what happens to him, the world, and everyone in it. Never before have I played anything so interactive, original, and beautiful.OneShotis my new favorite game, possibly dethroningKingdom Hearts 2and taking its hallowed place withTransistor,Star Wars: Battlefront 2, andSuper Smash Bros.EDIT:After playing the Solstice update, my love for this game has increased a thousandfold. I cried inside at least four times. By all I hold sacred, buy this masterpeice.Like my review? Check out myCuratorpage!"
,Recommended,420530,33223442,Posted: 4 July,all,That Guy Who Ruined Everything,"I'll be outright with this, I didn't know a thing about this going in. I was attracted to the fantastic art direction and the a soundtrack that fit my tastes rather well. This is a game with issues, don't get me wrong, it's not perfect by any means. I felt some of the narrative elements were very poorly implemented. This is a game with a lot of good ideas, it's overflowing with them, but few by comparison are well executed. It's still most definitely worth the play, although I do personally feel $10 is a little much for just the base game. Thankfully, there is an alternate route which should, in theory, make the price worth it in total."
,Recommended,420530,29660688,Posted: 2 February,all,Hattori,"Oh man, what a tricky game to review.Now, before getting to the meat of it, I didnt hate it. I actually enjoyed my time with Oneshot.My non-recommendation pretty much boils down to one central aspect of the game that for me ultimately fails.So lets start from the beginning. Oneshot is an adventure game where you control Niko, a weird fusion of a kid with a cat, that wakes up in a world not his own, and who finds a ligthbulb that he later learns is actually the Sun of this world. It's his job to become the saviour of this world and take the Sun back to the big tower at the center of the map, bringing the world back to its initial state and giving the sufficient energy power for it's inhabitants to survive.And you have to help him. ""But wait"", you say, ""Isnt Niko being controlled by you? Arent you and Niko pretty much the same deal?""Here's where the coolest aspect of the game comes into play. The game is aware of your existence. You are pretty much the God of this world and its up to you to help Niko take the Sun to the tower.The game achieves this by constantly breaking the fourth wall, be it Niko adressing you directly, or better yet, an entity inside the game that speaks with you outside of the game itself by using windows dialogue boxes.Some of the best puzzles in the game will make you search for certain solutions that are placed on your computer by the game. I wont dare spoil any of those moments since it's one of the best gameplay aspects of Oneshot, and I can say I was really surprised by some of the tricks it manages to do to your PC, and I still dont know how it pulls it off.You will probably be reminded of Undertale's meta narrative, and you wouldnt be wrong they are very similar in that aspect. I wouldnt say it reaches Undertale's highs, but it manages to create some interesting moments between the player and the game.Niko is a very charming and cute character, and I think its impossible to not be affected by his situation of being a little child alone in a strange world with the incredibly overwhelming job of saving the planet, and the game certainly plays off of that, making you empathize alot with him with the 4th wall moments.The world is  simplistic yet very pretty, with a melancholic bleakness to it that reinforces the state of this universe. NPCs are fun to interact with and they all show off the different ways people cope with death and innevitability. It never goes full Dark Souls, but I appreciate it handling such heavy subject matters.My gripe is that, unlike Undertale, few NPCs manage to make you care about their plight, and they come and go very fast that you feel a bit detached from it all, but there are some gems in the dirt.Now to the big event. Why am I not recommending this game? I look at the Overwhelming Positive rating it has and I totally understand why people love it so much.So lets go back to the title of the game: Oneshot. This game can actually be played for free, this version is pretty much just a remaster that polishes the graphics and soundtrack and adds more content. In the original, you would reach the end of the game and be faced with a choice. Once you made that choice, the game would be erased from your computer and you wouldnt be able to play it anymore. Thats why its called Oneshot, you literally have oneshot at it and you better make your decision count.And this is where it fails for me. Once I reached the end, the game provided me with two options, and one of them was so absurd to me that made me shout ""♥♥♥♥ no! Never!"" in a really passionate way because the argument was simply too much one-sided. There would never be a moment in my life where I would have gone for that other option, there wasnt even a second of consideration or hesitation, my choice was clear from the very start of the game.And for the people who played it and made the same decision as I did, you are probably saying that the lack of doubt is pretty much the point the game is making, and sure I can go with that argument. And yes, the game did make me care for the choice I went with, so thats obviously a plus. My decision was immediatly rewarded by providing me my favorite moment in the whole game.But the whole objective of the game is for you to reach the end and be faced with a very hard decision that cant be undone, and I feel that it completely failed at that. Do I think the game is bad? No. I had a great time with it. Do I think you should play it? Yes, its a very cheap game and the pros I stated above still count. And hey, you can play it for free!Its just that I couldnt live with myself if I didnt express my thoughts about the ending and how I think it ultimately fails to create a moment of moral ambiguity, at least for me. Who knows, maybe your experience with it might incredibly different from mine, and the rating is evidence of that.So I pretty much recommend the game, but I want you to go into it knowing that it might be a bit flawed. My negative rating will in no way affect the overall rating so dont hate me please :'(PS: The game hints at extra content to come in March and I'll be playing it for sure, so expect this review to changeEDIT: Wow, I wasnt expecting that. While my criticism still stands, this new content update more than makes up for it and manages to elevate the game to a whole new level. Im forced to change my negative review to a positive one. Play this game."
,Recommended,420530,29177072,Posted: 10 January,all,AssimiLeaf,"""No crying until the end"""
,Recommended,420530,31736084,Posted: 13 May,all,Fennyface,"Very much like Undertale, OneShot is a game that involves you as the player to an extend that is (to my knowledge) unmatched yet by any other game, even of similar genre. There are major surprising elements that you need to experience for yourself to truly understand the smart inner workings of what initially seems to be a rather simple shell of a game. It also helps that Niko (the protagonist) is driving the plot well and acts as a very cute / likeable character to keep you engaged in the plot. The pixel-art is simplistic, but overall coherent and moody, excelling especially at the small little cutscenes. The musical score also is fittingly paced and transports the mood well, but also remains simple and not memorable enough to persist after playing.Overall the presentation is simple but ""gets the job done"" just right.HOWEVER, before you start this, keep in mind that there are some major caveats that need to be named: OneShot is 100% walking and talking - there is little to no ""game"" existing - no failure states, no challenge, no elements of skill. There is fast-travel, but also a ton of backtracking and walking involved, which can get tedious in a world that is overall not so rich on details, items, characters or even easter-eggs to justify the extra distance. Even with a very limited set of items in your inventory the puzzles can get boring or confusing at times, but those are rare moments which are mostly caused by the sometimes very indistinguishable look of the world.IF you can stomach the downsides, OneShot surely is worth the venture, because there ARE some great moments that you need to exprience first-hand to understand why this is rated ""Overwhelmingly Positive"" on Steam. For all these reasons alone and the special ideas in particular the game cannot be praised enough and SHOULD be played by anyone that loved Undertale or similar text-based adventures."
76561198169442853,Recommended,420530,31810025,Posted: 17 May,all,That_Guy,What the ♥♥♥♥ are you doing looking at the reviews for you nonce? Go buy this game.
,Recommended,420530,30605321,Posted: 18 March,all,SheHe,...Ive never felt so guilty for finishing a game
,Recommended,420530,28282921,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Fio,"It's actually pretty good. The story is rather simple, the puzzles are fun. I like the artstyle and the music. If you've liked Undertale and Pony Island, you're sure to like this.Although one thing heavily annoys me;It's fairly obvious that the game is actually in an unfinished state.The game goes for this whole ""Loop"" thing. During your recursion, the game adds new dialogue and hints at you to go speak to a specific NPC. That NPC will then tell you that you need to talk to two other NPCs, which I think don't exist within the game or are unreachable. That first NPC actually acknowledges this by telling you that this ""will change in time"", and there is also a giant clock pointing to solstice, which is March 20th.But to add to the injury, the game forces you to redo all the same puzzles, grab the same items, and pretty much redo almost everything you did in your first playthrough, as if it had no respect for your time whatsoever.Hopefully this doesn't become Metal Gear Solid V: Chapter 3"
76561198047160961,Recommended,420530,28302270,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Nived42,"Atmosphere comparable to Yume Nikki, art-style to Hyperlight Drifter, a bit of OFF for good measure. Oneshot distinguishes itself from its peers through the charm and detail of its character designs and the uniqueness of the player's role in guiding Niko. More than enough depth to justify the price tag."
76561198297224714,Recommended,420530,32343468,Posted: 11 June,all,HaganHeinErebus,Really love the story of the world you find yourself in with Niko. Had a very fun time playing and solving the little puzzle's in the world.
,Recommended,420530,33231756,Posted: 4 July,all,Potato PC,"OneShot, a short indie games filled with great story, nice design and amazing soundtrack.Even though the story it's a bit cliche, i could say it's one of the best stories among indie games.The gameplay is unique, yet simple and the puzzle isn't too hard, however you better play in windowed mode (and hide other application) to get most of the game.The story and character progession/development is good for short game.Few people might compare this game with Undertale, but i think OneShot is far better than Undertale when it comes to the story.The only reason not to play this game are either you got bored easily or very unpatient when face unusual challange. Otherwise, you just need to click ""Add to Cart"", process the payment and enjoy this game."
,Recommended,420530,32114453,Posted: 1 June,all,TheFallenHuman,"OneShot is 4 hours of pure feelings, be that the joy meeting great characters, resolving fun puzzles or crying at some points  during and after the game. But the greatest achievement of the game, in my opinion, is the level of immersion of the whole game, this unconventional but effectively way of involving you in the world, and also preserving the protagonist as a separated entity, is original and perfect to the game. My only regret is that I can't spend more time with Niko and this world."
,Recommended,420530,34101464,Posted: 8 August,all,Queen Pingu,"Oneshot started off as cute and a little scary, but as you get to know the world and everyone in it you can feel the love grow. Its a unique puzzle game that messes with you at times but ultimately is charming and really heartwarming. It certainly gets emotional and a little weird at times, but its a game that'll stay with me. I'll always remember oneshot and niko, especially whilst eating pancakes or driving past a wheat field in future. Its gooey syrupy goodness and in many ways the game is too so if your unsure about whether to try it, if you like pancakes you should probably give it a chance."
,Recommended,420530,28802662,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,niͪnj̽aͦͣͮkaͮ̿i̾0̌̈ͬ̌̐͊ͭ3ͬ,"ok this game is just greateven if its technically about 8 hours long to get both endings,the amount of work that was put into the remake was worth the effort and moneythe music, i love the music and its ambient; it fits amazingly wellthe characters have minor development but i still loved every single one i encounteredoverall,  y   e   sthe ending was so ♥♥♥♥ing good i swear to goddont spoil yourself if you plan on getting thisthe whole spoiling situation is like undertale in a way:if you have seen it already, you cant feel and experience it like othersand that will hinder your fun in this game"
76561198170602299,Recommended,420530,32366410,Posted: 12 June,all,cyberrite,this left me a wreck afterwards and i am not over it yet 11/10
76561198193227553,Recommended,420530,30712496,Posted: 24 March,all,DNICE,"HONEST REVIEWI play a ton of games on multiple platforms.  When I noticed the high recommendation ratio and read the multiple ""reviews"" praising the game as if it was the second coming, I decided to show support to the indie developer and purchase the game.This game is a nice experience.  It shows off the potential of the creative team as developers and story tellers.  However, this game is Over Hyped.  Is it worth the $10 price tag?  Nope (really should be half that amount).  However, am I happy that I purchased the game and in turn supported the indie developers?  Absolutely.  I am looking forward to their next project.This game is short (gameplay wise; map wise; content wise).  The graphics are not pretty; however, the art style in the screen shots used during the game are nice to look at (there should be much more of those for the $10 price tag).  The characters are engaging.  The story is interesting.  I do reccomend that gamers give this title a go."
76561198001211770,Recommended,420530,31684141,Posted: 11 May,all,Pan Ku,is best game
,Recommended,420530,29133957,Posted: 8 January,all,I like the way you know I'm gay,Watch a very cute cat horf down pancakes.
,Recommended,420530,30535182,Posted: 15 March,all,Ale,"Adorable characters, Interesting story, and some of the most creative puzzles I have ever seen. These puzzles include the combining of inventory items, and interacting with the enviroment. Its mostly standard, but there are some very creative ones that break the 4th wall. A lot of the 4th wall breaking takes place during the very late game, and it can get absolutely insane. You will find yourself switching windows, looking through game files, and putting your game window into ""The Void"".Not only that, but some of the pixel art is incredibly beautiful. The beauty of it rivals that of Hyper Light Drifter, with bright neon, and smooth colors that are always easy on the eyes and pleasurable to see. A worthwhile purchase, even for someone who has played the original free version."
76561198049719324,Recommended,420530,30055871,Posted: 20 February,all,Elwis,"Just recently started playing. As much as I'm sure there's still lot of me to discover and find out, this game already surprised me with its 4th wall breaking.And I mean it, this... this is some serious thing.--Dopiero zacząłem grać. Jestem pewien że jest przede mną jeszcze niejedno do odkrycia i znalezienia, ale gra już mnie zaskoczyła swoim tzw. przebiciem się przez 4-tą ścianę.I mówię poważnie. To, jest coś naprawdę poważnie mocnego."
,Recommended,420530,29996408,Posted: 17 February,all,Melusca,"Absolutely brilliant.Taken from the description on the Store page:The world knows you exist.More than simply meaning you'll witness some kind of fourth-wall-breaking nod to the player (which you will, but a lot of games do that), this game actually tries (and, in my opinion, greatly succeeds) to establish a relationship between the player and its components, whether they're characters, mechanics, or even meta-components such as its author and the concept of a videogame itself. In a sense, if the game's world ""knows you exist"", it also want to make you aware of its existence, not as a simple videogame but as aworld.Even without all these meta-slightly-philosophical-whatever things and the ways the game passes them to the player, its world is still very interesting to explore as a simple fictional universe. This is one of these surreal worlds with weird characters and strange rules that are fun to explore just for the sake of it. If you've ever played Yume Nikki you'll feel right at home, but the game also draws inspiration from sources such as Cave Story or the bookThe Little Prince.There's also the point of the main character and their interactions with the player, but the less said about it the better, as it's easy to spoil it.+ Extremely interesting relationship between the game and the player+ Also great at stressing the player / character dichotomy+ Colorful world complemented by nice music- Gameplay is classic adventure stuff, so if combining items and solving puzzles are not up your alley, you might not enjoy it10/10 If you liked Undertale chances are high you'll like this as they share a lot of similarities, although OneShot is far from being a simple Undertale clone - in fact it might do the whole ""meta"" thing even better."
,Recommended,420530,33069337,Posted: 30 June,all,Welkin Gunther,"Oneshot... right into my feels.It's hard not to spoil this game by talking about it, it's better to just buy it. It's really something unique and I've never seen anything like it!"
,Recommended,420530,33093459,Posted: 1 July,all,BeatBot,"Oh my god... What a beautiful game. What can be said about it? The music is phenomenal. The graphics are charming, and the hand drawn sections are just plain gorgeous. The gameplay is simple, not stressful but fantastic. It lets you go at your own pace thru the world the author has created, and without spoiling too much, it has a great method of making you feel like part of the game ;). Do NOT under ANY CIRCUMSTANCES spoil this for yourself. Please, play the game and see what I mean. I can't say enough about it."
76561198025148070,Recommended,420530,33069677,Posted: 30 June,all,EclipsedHusky,"Great idea, execution is clunky. Often felt like I wasn't playing a game. As it is stated some places, NOT a game for paranoid people."
,Recommended,420530,34659531,Posted: 1 September,all,EdgE,one of the most amazing game and storyline I've witness <3 PURE LOVE NIKO
,Recommended,420530,29578633,Posted: 29 January,all,Professor Q,"I think Oneshot is the best example of using Meta Game concepts in conjuction with the story (that I've played.) The way the game involves the player makes sense, and it's heartwarming.In terms of gameplay, I'm not going to give Oneshot any awards. It sort of calls back to oldschool adventure game ""Find the Pixel"" puzzles. That's a bit of an exaggeration, but it's one of those games where if you happen to overlook a path or object, you might find yourself wandering for several unproductive minutes. Obviously a guide pretty much negates this issue - but I think the exploration aspect of the game is also important for the immersion - so this is sort of a double edged sword complaint. In other words, it's a non-issue for me, but I also think it puts this game in a niche category.This title is for the type of person who's okay just walking for long periods of time in a game - taking in the atmosphere and doing basically nothing else - all for the sake of an emotionally evocative story. If you're in that niche, I wholly recommend the game.For me, it's a 5 out of 5.Also, the game only took me 3.4 hours to make it to the end. Short, and delightfully sweet."
,Recommended,420530,28266853,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,severettabbott,A touching story with some innovative puzzles - Oneshot is a game with a cute world and great characters. I was highly engrossed the whole way through and had some moments in the game that shocked me. The choices are emotionally meaningful. One of the best experiences I have played all year. It may be only a 3-4 hour experience but it is worth every penny spent.
,Recommended,420530,28278079,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Sham,"I can't really think of a good way to express it. It's more like an emotional coaster made of a sheer drop off a cliff.The characters are all likeable, even the ones that aren't fully fleshed out. The music is good and gives it unreal levels of atmosphere. The game makes use of ages-old tricks to play games with you outside of the game itself, similar to what Undertale did, only much more intense. There's not a lot of choice, but there's still enough exploration and side-jobs to make it amusing and worthwhile to do it all.As of writing, there's a bug with Windows 7 that requires you set oneshot.exe to run with Vista compatibility mode. Otherwise, part of the metagame causes it to crap itself. A small issue they're working on. Why it's only a 7 bug, I do not know.If you liked To the Moon, there is absolutely zero reason to ignore this even at full price. It's about as solid emotionally as that one is, with much better design. Not knocking To The Moon, it's great. I'm just saying this is fantastic if you have an incredible urge to drain your eyeballs."
,Recommended,420530,28279498,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Cory,"A stupendous game, and one of the most immmersive games I've ever played.Just buy the game and play straight though it in one sitting. It's great."
76561198230828564,Recommended,420530,29860569,Posted: 11 February,all,GumbleMatsu,"Oneshot reminds me of Undertale in a weird way, but there's something more in Oneshot. The art is great, and the game's interaction with you and your computer adds so much more to the story of the world. Playing the game invokes a sort of calm, and I find myself coming back to it whenever I need a relaxing experience. It's a game where you wander around and use your items, and if you like those types of games, I HIGHLY recommend it. If not, I'd still say give it a try, because the atmosphere makes up for it, just wait till it goes on sale and maybe follow a walkthrough."
76561198101172857,Recommended,420530,31640473,Posted: 8 May,all,commandernikz,"Oneshot: ""How many layers of bittersweetness are you on?""Undertale: ""Like maybe 8 or 9 my dude""OneShot: ""You little baby play this"""
,Recommended,420530,28355136,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Ebeta2,"To summarize: This was one of the best RPG's i've played in a while, definately up there with UNDERTALE. People should also go into this blind.To extrapalate: This game makes you fall in love with the main character and embrace the events surrounding them. The puzzles are really clever, and most of them were things I thought weren't even possible to do with games. The choices you need to make are very real, and will have you thinking back and forth about the benefits and conequences of your actions. The story is amazing to discover, and while the main mission of you and the protagonist is obviously clear, there are a lot of secrets to discover, a lot of unanswered questions to be answered, there's just a lot more in general. And just when you think it's over, and even when the game explicitly says it's over, you are indeed left with that feeling that there is more, there is something missing, there is something wrong.Absolutely worth your time and money, everyone should play this game.And remember......you only get one shot....or do you?P.S. - Nice secret in the store description."
,Recommended,420530,28320151,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Aquila,"It's hard to get someone hooked on this game without ruining a few of it's surprises, so I will simply describe my feelings towards this game. It's definitely one of my favorite games at this point. It really gets you invested in it's world and characters, and certainly pulls you into the story.I love this game so much, Oneshot is quite the ride, and I highly recommend it to anyone.Seriously, it's a great game. Go play it."
76561197977678013,Recommended,420530,30363570,Posted: 6 March,all,llllllllllllll,Play this game.
76561198085894058,Recommended,420530,33128295,Posted: 2 July,all,Raionek,Buy it.Play it.Finish it.No matter the price.It's worth.It's extraordinary.I love it.
,Recommended,420530,32518514,Posted: 17 June,all,Shell,"Goodbye, Niko."
,Recommended,420530,30328749,Posted: 4 March,all,CattailGamer,BUY THIS GAME IF YOU GET THE SLIGHTEST BIT OF ENJOYMENT FROM UNDERTAIL'S STORY THEN YOU WILL LOVE THIS GAME ... ok i do need to calm down but i just finished the game and I felt a better connection to the main character than all the main characters in undertail COMBINED (insert amalgamate joke here). The world is amazing the characters are colorful the art is heart attack inducingly beautiful and the atmosphere is great! I fully recomend this game anytime at any price.p.s. If you can't handle sad games THIS IS NOT FOR YOU! Trust me! This won't leave you a kirby game will!
,Recommended,420530,30827901,Posted: 29 March,all,Scampie!!,"Incredible. The less you know the better, so avoid spoilers... but it's really interesting and unique and very special."
76561198080546169,Recommended,420530,28315516,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Dust,"I think it would be quite understandable if you were to think of this game undertaie's little brother.Instead of a big focus on many characters really the only character you do focus on is Niko, and the relationship between you as a player and him, and damn if it doesn't do a good job of making you care about him/her,  Its mainly about solving puzzles and combining item X with item Y, your standard puzzle adventure game fare.I'd say get it, definitely if its on sale."
76561198067606507,Recommended,420530,28355151,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,small cat,a good
,Recommended,420530,31499964,Posted: 1 May,all,LordOfWar117000,Wow wat can i say? This game surprised meI absolutely love the stoy (so sad) and i chose to return the sun (rip Niko ;-; )The puzzles are gudLove the charctersGame play is a bit slow for me gud thg you can runUmm the game.. talks to me and.....  text documents -_- (not a bad thg :p )The music.. so gud :DI wood say its worth buying for $10I dont have much to say but... all in all a gud game 8/10Hope to see more games like this in the futureDid this help you ? give it a like if it did thx have a gud oneshot
,Recommended,420530,31110350,Posted: 12 April,all,tidiestflyer,absolutly a masterpiece. Its like finishing an entire anime to find out there is nothing left.Playing throught the bonus chapter aswell. I want so much more. Its like a drug
,Recommended,420530,32701705,Posted: 23 June,all,Mr. Kira,10/10game is totally worth it if you liked undertale.
,Recommended,420530,30654628,Posted: 21 March,all,ChronosTC,"Simply a great game with a beautiful soundtrack.When I first started this game, I was completely lost. I had little idea of what I was actually doing.You control a young boygirlwhatever named Niko, who has to return the sun to the world.The world knows who you are. Yes, it is one of those games.I love those games.This is one of the few games that got me actually attached to the characters and the world.As I said before, the soundtrack to the game is nothing but beautiful.My only problem is that you can't hug Niko."
,Recommended,420530,32731702,Posted: 24 June,all,ペッピー,niko is a beautiful and pure cinnamon roll who must be protected at all costs
76561198059251221,Recommended,420530,31828381,Posted: 18 May,all,Davkms,"This game has me really shooked, I don't even know if I can call this a game, this is a world of it's own.  I loved it so much I that I couldn't bear to play the last bit cause I knew that once I played the ending it would all be over.The story is about a kid that looks very much like a cathe isn't a cat though, named Niko. Niko wakes up in a barren land where all appears to be withered and broken, you are then told that you are the messiah of this world and you have the power to speak to their god. Which means you, you sitting at your desk reading this is the god of that world. You must guide Niko on his journey to the center of this world and restore their sun to help the people, robots and their land to recover from their previous sun that broke from unknown reasons. Hopefully they all can be saved.The game handles fourth-walling immensly well to the point where you are really actually truly are part of the story. Through the hardships and friendships you and Niko experience you will soon realise it won't be so easy to just give this game one shot. But it's best to just leave it as a distant memory of Niko and the world.Definitely worth the buy 10/10 even better if it's on saleBye nikooo~"
76561198157909443,Recommended,420530,31750146,Posted: 14 May,all,JohnOswald,"This game is not a video game, it's an experienceAn experience I recommand to all gamers who love story based gamesI have never played such an emotional game since Undertale, but this game is a whole lot more than thatThe actual game is pretty heartbreaking, but Solstice is a hard punch in the face, and overall the entirety of the game is an emotional rollercoaster, the best one I have ever ridden on as well, even after you're done with the gameThe amazing story, creative puzzles, great OST and the heavy amounts ofclever forth wall breakingmakes this game the best thing I went through in my lifeI also suggest playing this game 100% blind, just so you can truly get the feels"
76561198077758736,Recommended,420530,30642316,Posted: 20 March,all,Framerain,"After 4 hours of playing, OneShot launched himself with a emotional ending directly into my heart. If you hadn't had enough from games like Earthbound or Undertale, OneShot goes with it's new ideas hand in hand with this type of games.You could argue that the game isn't the longest with the from me stated time, but at least for me the game isn't about longplay. This game is about caring. And as soon as you start playing OneShot, it will tell you a story that will be on your mind for a long time...You have to play it if you are a fan of storytelling and puzzling!"
,Recommended,420530,33256517,Posted: 4 July,all,200 hours of Huniepop,OhOkay
,Recommended,420530,33281980,Posted: 5 July,all,easy bot,better than undertale.
,Recommended,420530,33412771,Posted: 9 July,all,Felicity Flynxify van Sugarpink,This game freaks me out and I love it.
,Recommended,420530,30736124,Posted: 25 March,all,Finalboss Tom,Well... the new update changed alot of things here...it seems like the world will not just know that you exist...but also......how the world exists...
,Recommended,420530,33258547,Posted: 4 July,all,Kazooie,"This game is officially one of my favourites. The artwork is beautiful, I love the storyline, and I actually enjoy the 4th wall breaking.The ending killed me though when I couldn't interact with Niko; I couldn't express the fact that I hadn't left..It's short and sweet and it's not too challenging either. It's perfect in my opinion and I would recommend it to anyone."
,Recommended,420530,29281998,Posted: 15 January,all,..................,"OneShot is a game with wit and whimsy beyond what most games have tried for and have fallen short. If you play games to experience a memorable story with characters you would like to meet than OneShot should be at the top of your list of games to play. I was surprised at how much my cold icy conscience could actually care about what happened to the fictional characters of OneShot and how much I want to see them continue to exist. This is one of a few games in my opinion that could illicit such an emotional response. OneShot resembles a living breathing organism that not only wants you to care, it appears to care about you."
,Recommended,420530,28480326,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Fractal,"A wonderful experience unlike any other game I've ever played. I never thought I'd find myself growing as attached to a character as I have with Niko, but this game proved me wrong. I never thought of myself as Niko's""god,""but as his friend, as we trekked through this world unknown to both of us. A world, which I might add, is astonishing, all accompanied by a haunting yet beautiful soundtrack.My only real complaint is that the experience is so short.Although, it really feels like the story isn't over yet...Overall, OneShot delivers a lot with very little. It doesn'ttryto be flashy. It asserts itself through building an intricate and beautiful world, and by establishing a meaningful relationship between the protagonist and the player. And that's what makes it so unique.Also, pancakes."
,Recommended,420530,28300788,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Arachnibot,"Probably one of the most thought provoking games I've ever played. OneShot is exceptionally skilled at breaking the magic circle between the game world and the real world (in ways which I won't spoil). This game is real damn clever, and is totally worth the money."
76561198089048351,Recommended,420530,30661992,Posted: 21 March,all,orangeluma,Boi.Pancakes.I cried.10/10
,Recommended,420530,30662097,Posted: 21 March,all,Crow the Panda,Kittens. :)
,Recommended,420530,29215824,Posted: 12 January,all,Ricun,"Starting as an RPG Maker game back in 2014, this overhauled version just blew me away with all its mechanics and 4th wall breaking which I've never seen being done in such a clever way.For the people wondering over the price tag, because the old version used to be free: Yes, it's totally worth the price.The developer went out of his way to:- update the visuals and menus to distinct the game from that RPG Maker aesthetic- recreate certain dialogues to give every NPC a bigger role in the story- create new puzzles, which where really clever, some of which left me staring at the screen for a few minutes before coming up with a solution- flesh out the third area of the game which wasreallyshort in the original gameThe only thing I missed and you shouldonly read this if you're familiar with the old version or if you're done with this versionisthat he had to take out the ""Permadeath"" Feature in which you can't continue or restart the game if you close it without letting Niko rest in a bed.It's unfortunate, but you can't charge money for a game that you can only play once without reinstalling your whole operating system.All in all it's a great game and a spectacular remake."
76561198031299753,Recommended,420530,28313069,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Yukimazan,"Whatever you do, play this FULLY BLIND! No spoilers, full blind. This game is as great as Undertale would do and it will make your experience worthwhile.I don't have much to say since everyone else already has said what I wanted to say. All I can say: I highly, HIGHLY recommend it. Or a must buy indeed too. Because this game..... <3Definitely one of my best purchases and game to play in 2016."
,Recommended,420530,30788298,Posted: 28 March,all,DreyK,Why is Niko a boy? Niko looks like a cute little girl! Niko should be a girl. :<
,Recommended,420530,33015979,Posted: 29 June,all,✨ＭＯＲＯ,"Alright. OneShot is one of those games that's very, very heavily story-driven, so do yourself and don't be spoiled. Seriously. Going in blind is a magical experience.Now. With that disclaimer out of the way. OneShot is one of those games that makes you care dearly for the main character- not because of what they're trying to do, necessarily, or even because they're your avatar in the world.  Ultimately, you end up wanting Niko to succeed because of their innocence and kindness. The game doesn't hit you over the head with moral judgement, instead gently laying choices in front of the player so that they can try to make the right decisions.The soundtrack is as haunting and melancholy as the art and story, a hopeless premise shrouded in dark blues, greens, and reds.OneShot's gameplay revolves around puzzle-solving and exploration, with Maniac Mansion-style item searches being integral to the game's progression (though by no means is it the only thing the player will have to do). Its puzzles are novel in the extreme, with many hints coming from within the computer's file structure rather than within the game itself.I can't really say much more in favor of the game without spoiling some part of the storyline, so I'll just say this: it's good. Very good. One of the very few games to ever make me cry."
,Recommended,420530,30628435,Posted: 19 March,all,TakeoutMenu,"This is my favorite singleplayer game since Undertale. In a nutshell, you guide a small child named Niko in a quest to save this world that he's unfamiliar with. Note that you and Niko are NOT the same character; if you choose to play the game, you'll quickly learn what I mean.I can't remember a game where I was attached to the protagonist more than OneShot. Little Cat Feet does an amazing job with having you come to really love Niko. It made me care enough about Niko to make him feel like my child.Despite the fact that the game is so short, I loved every moment of it.Pros:Gameplay elements you won't find in any other gameHeartwarming charactersMultiple endingsHidden achievements that make going out of your way to explore worthwhileBeautifully composed music and sfxPost Solstice-update: Good amount of content for the price.Cons:Only ~4 hoursAfter the recent update, the game has a solid ~8 hours of content.This didn't happen to me, but a friend told me he got a good amount of lag at some points in the game.It's a 10/10. Buy the game if you like story rich games with loveable characters. There's no combat, but OneShot makes up for it with well written dialogue and unique gameplay mechanics.Lastly, a tip for anyone who's planning on playing OneShot: make sure you explore EVERYWHERE. It's not just for hidden achievements, there are things to do that will make you laugh or make the ending to the game a lot more satisfying. Many of these things you don't have to do to complete the game, but you'll certainly feel like there was more you could've done if you choose to pass over certain locations.Thanks for reading! I hope I was able to convince anyone who's on the fence to buy OneShot; it's a real gem."
,Recommended,420530,30771089,Posted: 27 March,all,Bruh,"I got an ending (I chose the left ending), only then I realized I didn't get all the achievements. I tried reinstalling the game, but I can't go back and replay the game. I whimpered slowly, ""No, no...."".""I only had OneShot.""Damn you developers,A sincere 10/10,Bruh.Ps. I didn't pay 8$ just to find out I'm not going to be able to play it again! Please! Update it so you can replay the game by  uninstalling and re-download the game! :c I bought and finished the game before the update came out. Missed out a whole chapter.3rd edit: I found out how to reset the save file :D"
,Recommended,420530,31231969,Posted: 18 April,all,tibby dobbs,"LookIf you hadOne shotOr one opportunityTo save a dying worldIn one momentWould you capture itOr just let it slip?His palms are sweaty, knees weak, lightbulb's heavyThere's vomit on his sweater already, mom's pancakes are readyHe's nervous, but on the surface he looks calm and ready to be the savior of the worldBut he keeps on forgetting where he is nowThe whole world grows so loud"
,Recommended,420530,30051222,Posted: 19 February,all,Fiery,buy the ♥♥♥♥ing game retard
,Recommended,420530,34327682,Posted: 18 August,all,Shade,"Highly recommended!!!love the story and how it ends , thou it's a bit sadnow that i have choosen to save the world , I don't really wanna play the option where i have to smash the sun.god_damnit , i hope they make a DLC or another one of these simmilar games , i have a blast playing it.I would have pay any amount of money if they made a DLC for this game."
,Recommended,420530,33292715,Posted: 5 July,all,ArcherLP,This touched my soul.
,Recommended,420530,32004297,Posted: 27 May,all,Dizerel,"Words... cannot describe how perfect this game is. It is by far my favorite game of all time. You may have played some good story games before but... none like this.Oneshot is an absolute masterpiece that I had the PRIVELEGE to experience. Im not going to spoil anything but I had severe depression and anxiety before playing this game, but after getting the true ending all of it went away.I cannot reccomend this game enough. 10$ is NOTHING compared to the experience this game will give you. if my #2 favorite game was an 8/10 this would be a 10/10."
76561198309593051,Recommended,420530,31506602,Posted: 2 May,all,Suzuki Swift,12/10
76561198239004222,Recommended,420530,32028342,Posted: 28 May,all,ᴛʀɪᴇꜱ 🎃🌽,Buy it. No more words. Just do it.
76561198057361429,Recommended,420530,28290478,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Zafrite,Remided me of the best parts of Undertale. Highly recommended.
,Recommended,420530,31893330,Posted: 21 May,all,asdPlayer2,"this game is just a big chill tour of the world, very good for the soul"
76561198262675991,Recommended,420530,30315043,Posted: 4 March,all,Barnacles,"First of all, when I played this game I literally thought I got hacked and I asked myself: ''How in the world do they know my name?'' I have always loved pixelated games such as To The Moon, Blackwell Legacy or Trick & Treat but this... this is something completely new. It was magical. No, it *IS* magical. OneShot knows of your existence and damn that really surprised me that it broke through the 4th wall. The backgrounds are incredibly creative and well designed and on top of that the soundtrack itself is just beautiful. The puzzles are very fun too and smartly thought of. The main character Niko is so kind and considerate that you just want to dive into this world and give him a big hug. I experienced all sorts of feelings throughout this game. I was happy, scared, worried, amazed, happy again and then finally sad. I am certain I will never be able to find another game as marvelous as this one and experience all those emotions at the same time but I sure am overjoyed that I found this. I absolutely loved OneShot and it definitely deserves a shot! (See what I did there? Heh)"
,Recommended,420530,28918178,Posted: 1 January,all,Vikingen,"It has a cat person who likes pancakes, what more do you need?"
76561198103213075,Recommended,420530,33379775,Posted: 8 July,all,Mrs.Spooky✪,I miss Niko...
76561198092159516,Recommended,420530,28302681,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,The Dark Evil Lord,This will be short.Holy @#$%ing S@#$!!!!!!!!!!!I was either thinking that or shouting it quite a few times. This game surprised the hell out of me and I completely recommend it! That's all I can say. I can not say anymore in a way that will not spoil something. It's better to go into this as blind as possible.Well done developers!
,Recommended,420530,28368717,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,amysarah,"First time I've felt so compelled to write a review.Just play it. Don't spoil it for yourself.(Bonus points if you're an aspiring game maker: between the time they took to build the original version [1 month], the tools they used to build it [RPG Maker], and the quality of the game itself, it's truly an inspiration.)"
,Recommended,420530,29522443,Posted: 27 January,all,Milli Vanillage,"Neko is a catboy, not a catgirl. FACT"
,Recommended,420530,29878943,Posted: 12 February,all,VivaU,"Oneshot is a really unique game.I love this charming adventure games so when I saw the main character and reviews I decide to play it.Game has really nice beginning and setup that keeps the player interested.Characters are so lovable and cute. (Especially Niko with cat eyes :D).Soundtrack is really good too (I really liked the one called ""On Little Cat Feet"").Puzzles are where the game really shines.They are challenging and have unique elements.Finally the story... Story is awesome from the beginning to end.Game is really hard to explain without giving spoiler so i advice you to play it without looking anything.If you make a 2nd playthrough some text changes towards you and thats another really good thing about Oneshot.Personally, I finished 3 times and all 3 was fun (You can finish it in 1hour after you learned everything :D)Oneshot is one of the best games I played in last years and I definitely recommend it to everyone! 11/10 (Bonus for the character on the Refuge back street where it creates warm place for cats :D)"
76561198161398654,Recommended,420530,34613932,Posted: 30 August,all,The actual 100% legit Proto,What do you call it when you jerk off to porn of this game? ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,420530,34318285,Posted: 17 August,all,Radical,Wow.
,Recommended,420530,28503136,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,TehAwesomestKitteh,The screech of the demon ram resonates with me.
,Recommended,420530,29189628,Posted: 11 January,all,rafii_000,"This game is good...Very good.But to structure this short review a bit, ill just start of with thepros.I THINK this game has...Good writing.A good story.An intriguing main character, which isa catthe cutest thing ever.A beautiful evironment.Good puzzles.An intriguing backstory.A good Soundtrack which fits the in-game situations.Some 4th wall breaking (not too much though).Some memorable characters.Some onion-cutting issues.A good replayability.A fast travel option (not between areas though).Great puns.Now, now. There are no games which do not haveflaws. Speaking offlaws, let's get to them.I THINK this game sadly has...A VERY short story.Overworld sprites of some characters which are lacking details.An open end.Really only a handfull of choices which influence the story.Though a good replayability, but it lacks more dialouge differences.Allright, but there are a few things which I would not catigorize as good or neither as bad, wich are...No combat whatsoever.Rather difficult puzzles.Should you buy this game? If you like UnderTale, you will probably like this game aswell. I paid full price for this game and I do not regreat it. All in all I would describe this game more like an experience than a normal RPG.""Tick, tock..."""
,Recommended,420530,29211877,Posted: 12 January,all,LethalLuggage,"Short and to the point: This is a fantastic game and you need to play it.It's something I'll probably come back to and play again as well, in a few months, just to experience it again, and see if I missed anything the first time."
,Recommended,420530,31074467,Posted: 11 April,all,baby game,"Man, this game is so close to being amazing, and still has so much potential...The art and atmosphere are great, the characters are likable and are wonderfully designed, the worlds, lore and concept are all REALLY cool and the game's gimmicks admittedly surprised me more than a few times. Some more polish on the character interaction and sharpening their relationships to make their individual plights more relatable would be nice but its completely forgiveable.There's one thing about this game that really, really, desperately needed more work on - and it really upsets me that it was overlooked so negligently:The soundtrack.It's pleasant, but is also so boring. It's all dismal, ambient, repetitive post apocalyptic mood music being played against a game that has an awesome world built with interesting characters that are TRYING SO HARD TO GET ME TO LIKE THEM AND MAKE ME LAUGH AND CARE ABOUT THEM AND RELATE TO THEM - But man, the music was literally lulling me to sleep. It's so frustratingly *boring*I'm sorry, you really should not EVER take an existing track and slow it down multiple times to make separate area tracks. That is so LAZY  - which I don't really understand since the folks that worked on this game obviously put so much thought and love into so many other aspects of the game!Man, I want to like this game SO much more than I do currently.Here's a fun little experiment: For the factory area of the game (which features a track from the game used in like 3 other areas at varying speeds) - mute the game music and play something like core or another medium from undertale. Quite a difference, eh? suddenly this area is mysterious and intense and interesting!I know it's unfair to compare the game to Undertale like that, but I doubt it's much of a stretch to suggest that the devs MIGHT HAVE PLAYED THAT GAME AT SOME POINT - AND MISSED THE PART WHERE THE SOUNDTRACK IS ONE OF THE MOST IMPORTANT AND CENTRAL ELEMENTS OF THAT GAME'S DESIGN.I still recommend this game, it's a lovely little experiment about subverting the player's expectations and dabbling pretty hard in the meta... but, jeez. The soundtrack. It has about as much effect on the game if you just turned the music off. I know that's harsh, but it was true a lot of the time in my case.That doesn't mean the music is poorly composed, mind. Just ill-fitting for a lot of areas of the game - which is a bit sad."
,Recommended,420530,28442536,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,★ ruu ☆,JUST BUY THE GAME YOU WILL LOVE ITIF YOU DONT LIKE IT ILL SHAVE OFF ALL OF THE HAIR IN MY HEADINCLUDING MY EYEBROWS
,Recommended,420530,29085346,Posted: 7 January,all,Hiizumii,"Awesome little puzzel game with great music, atmosphere and story."
76561198081990964,Recommended,420530,29193951,Posted: 11 January,all,MineCraftGAMER,Amazing game and amazing story i love this so much :D i recommened everyone who loves pixelated Story on a indie adventure :)
76561198281567313,Recommended,420530,29206659,Posted: 12 January,all,abbyemmot,FANTASTIC STORY! Amazing gameplay and cute characters!
,Recommended,420530,31266285,Posted: 20 April,all,tome123,"Please do not buy this game full price.Allow me to explain: I am not saying this is a bad game, on the contrary, it is remarkable. The reason I say to not buy it full price is because this game does not lie. You only have one shot. You can only play the game once. Maybe twice if you're dedicated enough. The game jumps through many hoops to keep this intact. Not to mention, the game in itself is incredibly short, the entire thing taking about 8 hours. Buying this game for the full 10 dollars is like spending 10 dollars on a stack of pancakes, sure, the pancakes are delicious and well made, but you still spent way too much money on a thing you can never eat again.This is where OneShot suffers most of all, but also where it gets its more intriguing elements: Everything you do has permanent consequences. This is not your little game of Undertale where even if you screwed up you can reset and try it all again, whatever you do is what you did and it will never be redoable. Ever.I'm not saying don't get this game, please do. But maybe wait until the price drops during one of those big christmas sales or something. 10 dollars is a lot to spend on a thing you can only do once.Thank you for listening."
76561198175983575,Recommended,420530,29191674,Posted: 11 January,all,Jaydotremy,"One of the games of the year, in my humble opinion.Unique, heartfelt and clever it is money well spent.Just buy it and go in knowing as little as possible.TL;DROneShot> Undertale"
,Recommended,420530,32922971,Posted: 28 June,all,Qpen ueu dorothy,11/10i cri every time i remember niko :'(
,Recommended,420530,31676336,Posted: 10 May,all,Kawaiifu,"11/10 I love you Niko! <3The artwork is amazing!! It is just a beautiful game, and I found myself falling in love with just about every character.Half of the time i felt stupid because the answer was in front of my face.The other half of the time I was screaming out loud that i was a GENIOUS.Totaly worth it ;o; <3*Stirs tears in to a bowl of pancake batter*"
,Recommended,420530,28355728,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,mm9m9m9m9m9,sleeping isn't recommended unless you're ready to crash
,Recommended,420530,33115217,Posted: 1 July,all,Sycamore,"I'm not going to discuss specifics spoilers, but if you like to go into a game blind this isn't the review for you.I don't think OneShot is a game. It is powerful, it is moving, it is enjoyable, and it is worth experiencing. But there's this heavily touted sense of the player deciding the fate of our hero... and that's mostly just a gloss. You'll make one decision (which, admittedly, has far reaching impacts), but otherwise you're following along a very fixed track with very little in the way of interactivity. You're not here to play. You're here to experience. It reminds me of To The Moon, in that regard.I'd almost recommend this game more heavily to be watched than played. But watch closely. Read every word. Because *that* sense of connecting with Niko and the world he finds himself in is what makes this game beautiful."
76561198055552367,Recommended,420530,33151279,Posted: 2 July,all,Mr_Toob,"Great experience, certainly give it a shot.But you have only one."
,Recommended,420530,33117445,Posted: 1 July,all,Alexgaming,"Oneshot is a game that left me in shock multiple times, Great art style and soundtrack, puzzles that has never been done before(as far as ik), and a story that leave you in tears by the end of it, on top of an fantastic bonus chapter and memorable cast of character, leaves you with a fantastic game, ive never something this unique before hand, seriously buy this game it is a one of a kind expirience."
,Recommended,420530,33105999,Posted: 1 July,all,ramennnn,"Undertale: I broke the 4th wall, and made people cry.OneShot: Hold my beer.*beats 4th wall into submission, smashes it over player's head, sweeps all the bits and pieces into a dustpan and cremates it**takes players on feels trip*"
76561198000630132,Recommended,420530,33065880,Posted: 30 June,all,Ninjaboi8175,"An AMAZING game that, while short, is one to remember and easily worth the asking price!The game is relatively short. I got through the game in less than 10 hours and I wasn't trying to rush along. However, this game's story and mechanics easily drew me in. The characters felt fleshed out even with those with limited dialogue, like peering into the daily life of another person. The environments were fun to traverse, and all the typical ( read: expected ) white noise text you get when inspecting random things you stumble upon in each area paints a better picture of the backstory or offers more insight to why characters act the way they do.MINOR STORYTELLING SPOILER:One of the most unique aspects of this game is that the game includes you, the player, as an integral entity in the game simply guiding the main protagonist. Essentially the game makes a clear distinction between you the player and the main protagonist being two entities working together. This makes for some very interesting storytelling and what I believe to be a key reason why the game is so easy to get into!The game doesn't have multiple resolutions supported, only a fixed window size or fullscreen. It's stated early on that it's recommended to play in windowed mode due to the nature of the game, but in my experience you're perfectly fine with playing in fullscreen mode. When moments arise where you need to be in windowed mode it'll either switch you over to it or give you a cue to do so. This is probably the only ""fault"" of the game given the lack of resolution options, but without going into any detail the tradeoff for the reason it was done is well worth it.If you don't know much about the game and are even remotely planning on playing through it, I'd highly advise not looking up playthroughs or guides until you're certain you've truly beaten it. I went in blind because I read people making the connection between this game and Undertale in regards to storytelling and therefore didn't want to spoil any critical moments or interactions with characters. While I do stand by going in blind to get the best experience, do note that some of the puzzles require a bit of ""out of box"" thinking and you might find yourself stuck. There are lots of threads in the community hub asking for hints on these puzzles, so if you hit a roadblock on one just look there. Maybe even make your own thread asking for a hint or two without an outright solution while stating you want to keep spoilers out of it.Lastly, please treat the g̮a̬̼̤̼̤̘͡m̰̝͙͍̖͇ḙ̡͙̘ world with  ̲̼͔͝ṟe̠̰͔̤̥̝̲s̢̟̰͚͉͔̰ͅpe҉c̵̩̜͚ṭ͉͔ ̜̩̪̗a̹n͖̱͎d҉ ̙̻͎m̦͓̠̫͎̥͎͟a̞̱̦k̛̞̹̩ḛ̫͔͡ all your actions c͚͖͇͔͇̗̙o̸̞u͔͍̟̠̹̦̗n̳͓̥̼t͈̺̻͚͓̮̯́,͏̰̝  because in  ̣͈t̹̫h͙̞̹̰̞̬e̢ e҉̬̫̫͕ņ̦͖̟̼̪̼̣ḍ̸̠̻ you o͔̭̣̫̜̜n̛͕͍̝̜͈̤l̷̞̯̼y̧̝̮̲ ͎g͡e҉̳̹t҉ ̼̜͉͝O̸̼͎̲̻͙͈̺ņ͎̗͇̘̟ę̯̲̰̬̬͍̰S̨͇̱h̛o͙͓͈̤̦͇̤t̻̪ͅ.̠͎͔͚̗.̺͡.̘́ͅ"
76561198259098021,Recommended,420530,33018827,Posted: 29 June,all,WildTabbyKat,"an excellent game with a wonderful premise, an adorable hero, and interesting mechanics."
,Recommended,420530,34873558,Posted: 10 September,all,Cam,"Rating: ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐The less said about Oneshot, the better. It's a wonderful little 2d adventure game with interesting puzzles and delightful story.You do care about Niko, don't you?"
,Recommended,420530,33018563,Posted: 29 June,all,IceyBreeze,"This game is beautiful, i cant say much more than that without ruining it though, just play it for yourself, you wont regret it."
,Recommended,420530,34886378,Posted: 11 September,all,Zephos,"(If you dont want spoilers, dont hover your mouse over the black text.)This... I dont know if i should even call it a game, but this experience, was the best of a game ive ever played.I just beat this game and i just dont know how to describe it...I went into this game blind, and you should too.(Spoilers start here)This game likes to break the 4th wall, alot. Meaning you have to look at your computer to find clues to puzzles, and i love games like that. The game is really short, but really good. Niko is a cat child that has to save a world by saving the ""sun"" which is a light bulb. At the end of the game you have the option to save Niko or save the world, I chose save niko, and like i said, the game likes to break the forth wall, literally, NIKO WALKED OUTSIDE OF THE WINDOW! Really its a great game, and you should play it. Worth the 10 dollars."
76561198412372207,Recommended,420530,34887588,Posted: 11 September,all,kathyjihyun,"One of the most beautiful games that I have ever played! I highly recommend this game to anyone who likes a bit of a story line. As soon as you get into the game, you're immediately absorbed into the story! Your choices can lead you to I think 3 different endings. It's a very emotional game (in my opinion) and the experience is accelerating! Love this game to bits!"
76561198350414272,Recommended,420530,33017913,Posted: 29 June,all,Zoso,"Amazing game! Very atmospheric and draws you further and further in and while the game fights you if you keep pushing through it's an amazing game that was very well done, well thought out, throughs curveballs at you that no ever game will do and is worth every penny, and you will fall in love with the main character Niko!EDIT: I just finished the game, Solstice uptdate and all and I can confidently say that this is one of the greatest games I have ever played and probably the most memorable game I've ever had the ability to play and enjoy. I recommend this game to anyone, this game was absolutely astounding."
,Recommended,420530,34608741,Posted: 30 August,all,☾ opal,"OneShot is one of the best games I have ever played~Everything is memorable and extremely well-done, from the pixel graphics, benign soundtrack, storyline, characters, etcetera. Although relatively short, the world alone will immerse you all the way through, as well as the unique storyline and mechanics. The price point is brilliant for the experience you get! ^^Even after ending your experience in this game, there are so many mysteries.Without spoilers: you must traverse through an unknown, beguiling world to restore its precious sun.Interaction with Niko; the protagonist; is engrossing and feels personal.I reccommend you play this game with as little knowledge of what happens as possible, because this truly is a game worth playing blindly. :D"
,Recommended,420530,31193042,Posted: 16 April,all,Nicko,Made me cryGud gaem
,Recommended,420530,28269151,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Gringheist,"Beautiful graphics, mind-blowing, full of surprises, how the heck did you do that?This has to be the most unique game because of the way it interacts with the player, very well done...Anyway, this game is worth the wait... Now will you excuse me, I have to go look it up how to restart the game (if possible) while sobbing."
,Recommended,420530,28280284,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Hey You!,"OneShot is a top-down adventure game about a catgirl chosen to bring the sun back to a darkened world. Gameplay is very typical ""combine items and use them on the right bits"" adventure fare. Oneshot has a sort of dreamy, borderline creepy atmosphere reminiscent ofAnodyne(also recommended) with the lightearted dialogue and meta ♥♥♥♥ery of Undertale. Go into this game as blind as possible for full effect."
76561198149430556,Recommended,420530,30711557,Posted: 24 March,all,A Spooky Dead Meme,Even though I havent got done with the game yet I must be honest the soundtrack and the creative 4th wall breaking just makes this game great.-nyoooom
,Recommended,420530,32195559,Posted: 5 June,all,Nico 3289,I recommend this game to everyone that likes a story based with little gameplay.But be aware sometimes it can be confusing for some players.And the Solstice is amazing its worth playing multiple times
76561198051517808,Recommended,420530,35463437,Posted: 3 October,all,BuckToothedBeaverEater,"cat kid can eat pancakes, nuff' said."
,Recommended,420530,35433764,Posted: 2 October,all,NovaLight7,"At first i though this game would look boring but after sometime i decided to buy it because i loved how the protagonist looks like a catI had no regrets buying it, it was worth my 6+ hours of my life, every ♥♥♥♥ing second counted for me, every second mattered for me, i for sure wont forget Niko, these are the kind of game in which endings makes me cry for real, not exagerating or anything, these are the few games that made me cry tears down my manOnly games that made me cry were Iba i think it was called, Eternal Senia, The Sacred tears TRUE and next one is this game, OneShotmost of these games i mentioned can be found in the steam store if you want to check them out i do recommend you guys to check out the Store page of each of these games at leastso if you excuse me im gona go ahead and buy one of their posters and keychains because i want one, i wished they were signed by the developer but beggers cant be chooserscya later guys, and enjoy the game this is a MUST BUY100/10 from now on Ill take better care of lightbulds"
76561198044078033,Recommended,420530,35468536,Posted: 4 October,all,winjaturta,This game was a pleasant surprise! The graphics and art were unique and atmospheric. The story was good as well!  makes you think with both it's mechanics and setting.
76561198022387235,Recommended,420530,35431647,Posted: 2 October,all,Oneyr,"This game. Is a masterpiece.Its ONLY bad side is that 8 hours are enough to do almost everything in it, all the while taking your time to enjoy the story and its details; so it definitely is a short game, but still, it's long enough to be really memorable and worth its price. Furthermore, you'll probably play again a few months or years later, for, as I said, this game. Is a masterpiece.Beautiful music? Check.Beautiful art? Check.Beautiful characters? Check.Beautiful world design? Check.Thrills? Check.Emotions? Check.Deep thoughts? Check.Very original ideas (including in gameplay)? Check.This game has everything.Of course, it's a point & click (without a mouse cursor, sure, so the word is not exact, but still: you're never pressed by time and you never fight directly enemies, it's just about solving puzzles and enjoying the story). So, if you don't like this genre, this game is not for you. Otherwise, one of the best you'll ever play."
76561198059669863,Recommended,420530,35451729,Posted: 3 October,all,spagooter,I'm not sure I'll ever get over how this game makes me feel. I love it. If I could recommend it a thousand times I would.
76561198118188360,Recommended,420530,35437249,Posted: 2 October,all,Palmed-Sized Taiga,"(DO NOT LOOK AT LETS PLAYS BEFORE PLAYING -_-) Let me just start this by giving a big thank you and hazzah for the team who made this game. They made not only a game, but a masterpiece. From start to finish this narrative had me on my seat and I played it straight through, without stopping, and I got to tell you. For once in my history of playing video games I could not make a decision at all. It was the hardest thing I ever had to do in my whole life. Thank you, for creating this game and making me feel for the characters. Minor or leading they all held a significance. I STRONGLY encourage anyone who sees this game to play it. Not Pirate it, this game deserves your money and is worth every penny. Now....since I got that out the way. On to the Review.I honestly give this game a 9.5/10. No lie. No Bias. This game was damn near perfect. ESPECAILLY for an indy game.Pros:+Challenging puzzles from start to finish+BEAUTIFUL art. I mean absolutely stunning.+Amazing character designs all over (as well as background and layout)+Fluid Animations+FLuid Controls+Lots of stages and things to do, huge replayability.+Feels+Actaully gives a damn about what you did and how you did it.+Stunning gimmicks. You will know from the start+An AMAZING twist on every cornerCons:-tbh, some of the puzzles(mostly the ones found on the refugee side) are damn near impossible to solve, only because they give you little to no clues as to how to solve them and involve you looking online for playthroughs or clues.-sometimes the dialogue was a bit...limited. but only a few times I counted. Wish there were more times where you could help Niko talk"
,Recommended,420530,30185206,Posted: 25 February,all,Samantha Rostova,NIKO LETS GO BOWLING!
76561198105553407,Recommended,420530,31209799,Posted: 17 April,all,Gin & Tonic,Acording to the multi-worlds-theory all of the events in this game acctually take place. And I guess they also really take place? Just uh... Play this game. It's worth way more than 10 bucks. Seriously. Stop reading this review and buy it right now.
,Recommended,420530,28381819,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Eastash,Fine.
,Recommended,420530,30872453,Posted: 1 April,all,Mr. Quack,"By far, one of my most favorited games I have ever played in my life, it has beaten Cave Story ... CAVE STORY!!!  I Prefer this game anyday over undertale, cave story, or even Fnaf... yah this game will make you cry, even to my tough a** heart ;-;I WANT TO HUG THAT CAT, SO BADLY!!!! X3"
,Recommended,420530,32005875,Posted: 27 May,all,Sp00py ROPN,I really enjoyed the story and atmosphere of the game. The constant fourth wall breaking is a neat feature too.
,Recommended,420530,30639366,Posted: 20 March,all,expert plungophone player,lil cat carries a light bulb to a tower while being pestered by otherworldly beings who are telling them it's time to leave the matrix
,Recommended,420530,32708553,Posted: 23 June,all,Nova Aurora,Just... play this.
,Recommended,420530,28433002,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Darky117,Best game ever. Nothing more to say
,Recommended,420530,29364290,Posted: 19 January,all,auroza4,game changes my background 10/10
76561198225896432,Recommended,420530,31424926,Posted: 28 April,all,ThePsychoCat,Very charming game. Can never go wrong with a catgirl
76561198079439900,Recommended,420530,29199845,Posted: 12 January,all,Literal black cube,"play  OneShotdont look up anything, just play it..."
,Recommended,420530,30462919,Posted: 11 March,all,Capsan,"• wHAT- Oh, it's...a cat person opening its eyes.• AAH! Oh, oh...just a freaking entity dude messing with my computer and its files....totally normal• WHY IS MY COMPUTER BACKGROUND DIFFERENT• HOLY CRAP IT'S BACK TO NORMAL I DIDN'T FORSEE THAT• WHAT I CAN'T SEE YOU OVER MY TEARSSeriously, I'm probably not even halfway through the game and feels are already hitting me. I can't imagine how much I'll cry at the ending if it's how people say it is.Play it."
,Recommended,420530,33168518,Posted: 2 July,all,ocuspocus,"If you like good storytelling andhaving computer viruses, you'll like this game. Ten outta ten."
76561198312466485,Recommended,420530,33129336,Posted: 2 July,all,creepy ghostie2,This game is a good game i'm only at  the begining and i allready love this game :)
,Recommended,420530,30991141,Posted: 6 April,all,dertmeme,love it
,Recommended,420530,28318232,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Geg,"This game was absolutely wonderful and I haven't experienced this much wonder in an RPG since Undertale.OneShot begins at the end of the world, in a land with no sun and everything is dying. In a world full of solar powered batteries and automated robots, sunlight is critical and everyone depends on it. Without it, only a few robots are left running on backup power in a pretty depressing but inspiring tale. It's Niko's job to take his new sun (a light bulb) and save the day and it's your job to get him there!Pros:Beautiful soundtrack: almost enough reason to buy OneShot, the music / soundscapes are so immersive and really brings depth to this game.Story: from the couple of hours I've played so far I'm hooked. Very Studio Ghibli meets Undertale feel and you really care for the characters. The meta elements (which I won't spoil) make you feel very responsible for Niko.Design: The sprites are great but what realls standy out are the art animations, it's creates familiarity with OneShot and is memorable.Gameplay: This game is so weird. I won't say any more!Cons:BUGS! CRASHES! GAH. That and you only get ""one shot"" at this. It's possible to hard reset but a lot more complicated than reinstalling. You've been warned!Play it!https://youtu.be/T5l8jPP9Ma4"
76561198328665196,Not Recommended,420530,35210582,Posted: 25 September,all,Monkey Baruto,"First things first just like the many other reviews you should probably just experience the game on your own accord, just because I gave it a negative review doesn't mean I didn't enjoy it, I just don't think the price is appropriate so if you can buy it on a sale. Now with that done I will delve into SPOILER TERRITORY so be warned!Oneshot was a game I was looking forward to as it boasted a plethora of overwhelmingly positive reviews and a large amount of people preached of it's genius, however it didn't exactly ring the right bells for me (do not fret it may still appeal to you).Gameplay:Ignoring the grotesquely large elephant in the room here there isn't exactly much other than mashing your wasd keys through the whole game, there is a menu system that was in all honesty fairly annoying as i kept pressing the wrong buttons, this goes into a very basic fast travel feature and inventory where you can combine items (nothing crazy like the point and click games of ye olden times). It mainly comes down to getting all the items in one area, combining them and then inserting them into something which is just time consuming more than anything. Now back to that elephant, what Oneshot does is mess with things ""outside of your game"", it has access to things such as your name so it directly addressees the player (funny for me as my name on my PC is set to Hero so I didn't catch onto this immediately), it can change your desktop background, ask you to access your documents folder etc. This was actually quite a surprise and I thought it was pretty cool, it leads to some interesting puzzles and is an excellent example of ludonarrative, fourth wall breaking and what video games can achieve compared to other media. However I do not believe it is genius as many make it out to be, games have done this for years such as newer games like Nier:Automata or older ones like Metal Gear Solid (The Twin Snakes).Visuals/Sound:The game has a quite nice but basic art style to it however I wouldn't say it's amazing, the character designs are similar nice but overall nothing special. The music definitely suits the game well, forests are cheery and back alley streets have a sinister presence, but it wasn't particularly evoking of any emotion to me.Story/Setting:Oneshots story is fairly simple, bring us the girl and... wrong game.... Bring Niko to the top of a tower to ""save the world"" and bring him back home presumably so he can gorge himself on pancakes. other than the gameplay twist I didn't find it particularly clever, the twist at the end being as cliche as anything can get (it was still a tough choice though). The setting however is far more intriguing, a world that relies on light, only for it's sun to disappear, desolate wastes, overflown swaps and a city that glows bright red, through various tidbits a bit more information can be gathered and it paints a picture of a rather interesting world, it does get a little bit nonsensical with the people who have TV's for heads and such, it felt as if it was trying too hard to be different and quirky. However it can feel very empty at times which greatly takes away from the experience of there being a world on the brink of death.Writing:Oneshots writing is decent at best, a lot of it's worlbuilding and story comes in the form of big exposition dumps which isn't great. I'd say Niko is the only decently developed character in the whole game and to be honest he's fairly boring, it makes me wounder why there even is a choice to save the world in the end as I never found a real reason to like it,there are characters with promise but it takes no time to develop them, we just move onto the next are with more characters, usually with backstory to make you pity them, it even failed to make robots interesting....Conclusion:Oneshot was entertaining, interesting at times and the puzzles can range from generic to an interesting use of offscreen gameplay (is that a thing?), however it felt like it was trying too hard to be something unique and special and ultimately lost a lot of it's charm ... for me at least. Overall it's gameplay is very boring and navigating it's frustrating menus can be tedious, a lot of it's ideas are interesting when it's not trying to be a special snowflake and blow it's load of exposition all over your face despite you CLEARLY NOT GIVING CONSENT..... I also feel like it didn't give me enough (not it's exposition, dirty minded fool), it even stated something along the lines of ""you want more"" only to end not long after, I know there more but I can't be asked to walk the same boring route again for something I ultimately won't enjoy, the stories done to me anyway I made my choice and sadly for Niko that's final.Would I recommend it? Not for it's current price, £7 is a bit much if you ask me, but if you can get it for half price or even less than i'd say buy it, it's interesting enough and can entertain you for an evening."
,Recommended,420530,30658813,Posted: 21 March,all,🎃 SPOOKY SHAKEE 🎃,OneShot Trips you the ♥♥♥♥ up. I love this game. It's amazing.Go In Blind
,Recommended,420530,30767781,Posted: 27 March,all,Plasmatiic,"Where do I even find the words for this? OneShot is truly one of the greatest expeirences I have ever been through. I'd never cried over a game, until I played this one. I've never felt so attached. This game, actually wait what I am saying? This is hardly a game. This is a world where you get to be ""god"". You guide what is one of the most lovable characters I have met, Niko. Everything about this, the puzzles, the characters, the soundtrack, the 4th wall breaking, everything is so amazing and memorable. This stands before the Solstice Update that just hit. After that, oh man, I'm heartstruck. I can't bring myself to replay it for reasons you must find out yourself. Take everything I love and hit me with the Solstice ending, then you just made one of my most, if not the most, favorite games and expierences of all time."
76561197966434874,Recommended,420530,30655663,Posted: 21 March,all,Nabilun,"Great little game/narrative, with a surprisingly emotional hook by the end. Atmospheric music and decently engaging (for someone like me who doesn't play much in the way of puzzle games) puzzles. Quite comparable to Undertale as many other reviewers have mentioned, although it's much smaller in terms of scale, which is both a plus and a minus in my opinion. The 'out of game' mechanics are really interesting, I'd love to see more developers experiment with them.Edit: With the latest 'solstice' update, the added narrative content caps off the game wondefully, bringing it up to really one of my favourite game narratives ever. Highly recommended."
76561198039976494,Recommended,420530,32709592,Posted: 23 June,all,Solace 5,Buy the game
,Recommended,420530,32904340,Posted: 27 June,all,Shirkcules,it took me 4 hours to beat it. FOUR HOURS. It also took me 10 hours to 100% the game
76561198002419315,Recommended,420530,32504615,Posted: 17 June,all,spudcake104,This game is one of the best games I have played and is probably my favorite game. It has a great soundtrack and the game it self is mind blowing it makes you care for the world and for niko. The game talks directly to you which makes the game so real. The art style is beautiful and the characters are so cute even the robots.10/10 everyone should play this game!I cried at the end of Solstice. The feels ;(
,Recommended,420530,32697453,Posted: 23 June,all,linklau,"niko has my heartforeveri want to play again, but guess what?"
,Recommended,420530,31473767,Posted: 30 April,all,Lysanderoth,"This is is very well made, the story is great. The fact the game know you're there adds a new level."
76561198271435370,Recommended,420530,32990333,Posted: 29 June,all,watchingstuff001,Here's my review for Oneshot.
,Recommended,420530,32900072,Posted: 27 June,all,Thiamarkos ♐,"I honestly never thought there would be another RPG maker game as emotional and immersive as Undertale and Lisa,but I was wrong.Everything about this game is perfect. The visuals,the characters,the story and,of course,the fourth wall breaks,which are probably the best ones I've ever seen in a game since Imscared or Pony Island.Do yourself a favour and buy this masterpiece. You'll love every bit of it"
76561198112354158,Recommended,420530,33026341,Posted: 30 June,all,whitex990,"I don't know how to review this game, just go and buy it."
76561198315958605,Recommended,420530,32916869,Posted: 28 June,all,Riyguy_Gaming,"Oh my god. Call me emotional, but that got me involved. The story is great and the puzzles are tremendous. You know a game is good when you're begging for a sequal to continue the story of the character. In a game like this though, a sequal would not make sense, as sad as that might be. I got this as a ""Hey, it's only a dollar or two, might be cool"" kind of thing and I got so much more out of it. I definitely recommend getting this game whether it's on sale or not. If you're the kind of person to get emotionally involved in the story aspect of games, this can not be passed up."
76561198026877360,Recommended,420530,28771224,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Xeon,Its good
,Recommended,420530,29954633,Posted: 15 February,all,anthony,it's good
,Recommended,420530,28363254,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,TheWhiteKirby,"This game is amazing, the puzzles push you to think outside of the box (like WAAAAAY ouside) and the character pushes you to think about him and the world around him. To watch some gameplay, check out my walkthrough of the game:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WyNpY4QV9o4"
,Recommended,420530,33547891,Posted: 14 July,all,Carret,Cool game that does unexpected stuff. It also knows your name?
,Recommended,420530,33540987,Posted: 14 July,all,Sputnoy,Self-aware
,Recommended,420530,29639317,Posted: 1 February,all,Been Had Boyz,Vertified Blassic
,Recommended,420530,28299671,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Troll3Killer,Better than Undertale
,Recommended,420530,28313966,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Ninjadeer,"This is one of those ""Trust the reviews and play it blind so you don't spoil anything."" sort of games....You'll like it....It's like Undertale....You play as an adorable cat....Are you not convinced yet?...Are you so indecisive that you are willing to risk spoilers?...You don't want to do that, do you?...You only have OneShot....Fine.  This was originally a fairly obscure 2014 free RPGmaker game.  It's sort of like an abridged version of this game.  If youreallyaren't convinced, you can try the RPGmaker game first, but it will spoil some of the magic.  All of the content in the RPGmaker game is in the version here, so you aren't missing anything by not playing the old version first."
,Recommended,420530,29532841,Posted: 27 January,all,Seibar,Uma experiencia unica 10/10
,Recommended,420530,29814901,Posted: 9 February,all,Ninchun,I did a playthrough of this game on my youtube channel!!And I would say that the game is very interessting.I don't know if it is me that haven't play these kind of gamesbut the idea of fourth wall breaking in a game as this game doesis very original to me!!Not likte the fourth wall breaking in the Dead Pool Game...I love the characters and got a very strong bond tied to them!I recomend this game with all my being!!11/10
76561198073022591,Recommended,420530,31066785,Posted: 10 April,all,iandlopes,best game
76561198138146800,Recommended,420530,30781511,Posted: 27 March,all,MISHA,This game made me feel more involved and care more about the characters than any game I think I've ever played before. This was truly an amazing experience.
,Recommended,420530,28494140,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Ass Messiah,AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAATHIS GAME WAS AMAZING.Great character that i personally ended up caring for. Even though the game is mostly pixel the art is great. The puzzles in this game are pretty crazy and well thought out (some took me forever!). While there is a lot of walking in this game they save you a lot of trouble by adding a fast travel button that saves SO MUCH TIME. Theres just so much to talk about this game that i cant put into words. but i 100% reccomend this game to everyone. This game was worth every penny.
76561198143828357,Recommended,420530,28799511,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,CheeseApocalypse,"Everyone needs to play this game. I already adored the original free version, yet alone this upgraded version. It's my favorite RPG Maker game of all time, I'm dead serious."
76561198065955271,Recommended,420530,28419744,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,KhunZoul,"This game is one of the best game that I have ever play :DThere's a lot of puzzle and the plot also quite interesting. This game also quite similar to Undertale, so I guess if you love Undertale, this might be another game that you would interested to play once!"
76561198111267336,Recommended,420530,30798876,Posted: 28 March,all,BOT Walt,"I've never once been a furry, but I can now say I care deeply for a catgirl like never before.10/10Would sacrifice again [/spoiler"
76561198142396326,Recommended,420530,30878875,Posted: 1 April,all,SquishierGnat,Its a good game that decieves your expectations constantly10/10 would be sad over a video game Tulpa again
76561198042806574,Recommended,420530,31116355,Posted: 13 April,all,ReeceGasm,;(
76561197985004128,Recommended,420530,29588707,Posted: 30 January,all,Shazbut01,Undertale's younger sibling
76561198285387783,Recommended,420530,30934671,Posted: 3 April,all,Mr.R,"Oneshot is a game about a young boy trying to find his way back home.The game's strongest point in my opinion is the writing.the main character Niko is very well devoloped.I found myself very attached to them. The other characters are well fleshed out as well.If I had a problem with this game, it would be the length. It can be completed within just a day.Some people may assume iit as a undertale copy because of it's fourth wall breaks,it is far from it.Despite this the game, this game is still worth going in blind.(9.5/10)"
,Recommended,420530,30846616,Posted: 30 March,all,yo boi ducc da ducc bandit,"This is one of the best games I've ever played. I would tell you why it's so good, but I would have to spoil it. I got interested in the game mainly because the art looked cool, but when I played it, it went FAR beyond my expectations. I recommend you play it yourself rather than watch a youtuber play it, and you'll understand why when you do. Just remember, though, when you finish the game, go to Documents/My Games/OneShot, and delete the save file, then open the game back up. Then you'll understand the actual storyline."
,Recommended,420530,30782781,Posted: 27 March,all,NovaXP,"Right from the start of this game I was hooked, and with the addition of the recent Solstice update, this game is well worth it for the story alone."
,Recommended,420530,31758501,Posted: 14 May,all,The Beep Mann™,This is like the new undertale but WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAYYYYYYYYYYYYY better its intrersting fun has a good story has good puzzles makes you use your brain and sometimes gives you feels if you ask me buy this game before the 10 year olds come and ruin it ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )
76561198093063178,Recommended,420530,30602016,Posted: 18 March,all,Bogy345,"Spent 6 hours trying to save a world, only to destroy it to save a cute cat.10/10 would destroy thousands of lives, including men, women, robots (tamed and untamed), children, foxes, animate objects, and bird people, again.P.S This world deserved to die because their 'sun' is not eco-friendly. Let the shattered reminates of the bulb remind all of you that if you do not use eco-friendly bulbs, god will smite you for a cat.EDIT: The newest update broke my heart. I need a messiah to tansport me a new one."
,Recommended,420530,33613251,Posted: 17 July,all,I'm bad at this game,"I have no words, other than buy it. It's worth it."
76561198103252185,Recommended,420530,30729807,Posted: 25 March,all,monkaS,"10/10+Easy controls+Chibi pixel characters+Breaking the fourth wallThis game can easily hook you up to it's characters, and it is highly recommended to finish this game in ""OneShot"".Normal playthrough takes around 5-6hours.Simple yet Charming."
,Recommended,420530,28325969,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Meep^,yOOO this game is so good wtf
,Recommended,420530,29270582,Posted: 15 January,all,Izumi,"Absolutely brilliant. Lot of feels, lot of inner confliction..GOD DAMN NIKOS IS CUTE."
,Recommended,420530,32764877,Posted: 25 June,all,KAZUMA KAZUMA KAZUMA KAZUMA,"10/ ♥♥♥♥ing 10.When I first bought the game I was thinking ""Undertale"", my first impression of the game was ""Undertale"", but when I got into it I realised just how diffrent, and by diffrent I mean better, it is.This game was so emotionally involving and I teared up a little at the(true)ending.The mechanics are so unique both story and gameplay wise, and just so fun to play while creating a true connection between the player and the protagonist,while both the game, the protagonist, and pretty much everyone acknowledge the fact that you are not the protagonist, but Niko is, you are the ""god"" telling Niko what to do.If you haven't played it, you *need* to (especially if you liked Undertale, you are gonna love this, even that it's completely diffrent gameplay-wise)."
,Recommended,420530,32763058,Posted: 25 June,all,Red,I loved the game so i decided to try and boost it's reviews to 99%!
,Recommended,420530,32756189,Posted: 24 June,all,littler0q,I.. don't even know what to say... The feels at the end... Niko is my new favorite game character.10/10 would speechless again.
,Recommended,420530,32758956,Posted: 24 June,all,Vaesoria,This game is great. Buy it.
,Recommended,420530,31754770,Posted: 14 May,all,SUPERDRLUIGI.jpeg,"This game is great, if you ever have a chance you should play this, you won't regret"
76561198307368408,Recommended,420530,28283176,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,ShyMoob,Absoulutly Outstanding!
76561198053423359,Recommended,420530,31159400,Posted: 15 April,all,usque in aeternum invictum,This game is the best game I've played in a long time.
76561198371655255,Recommended,420530,31156313,Posted: 15 April,all,SKEEZER,The ending made me cry
76561198127509646,Recommended,420530,31153648,Posted: 15 April,all,SpringDTony,im bad at commenting but i have to say this is the best game i ever played.
,Recommended,420530,33304437,Posted: 6 July,all,kgptzac,"OneShot is one of the many “RPG Maker” story-rich games flourished the indie scene.  For a sub-$10 price you’d immerse yourself in a dying world, and all its strange charm, which came from the art, the music, the sound, and the story.The game utilizes a very “meta” narrative mechanism that has steep positive and negative consequences.  One the plus side, being the “god” within the game’s world while interacting with our heroine, Niko, did make me care great deal of her; more than a traditional narrative where the player simply “is” Niko.On the downside, the game asks the player to do a couple of unconventional things to progress.  For example, dialog boxes that (temporarily) revert full screen mode to window mode, looking for files in “My Document” folder, and even intentionally close the game and reopen at certain places.  The latter half of the playthrough alleviates some of these problems, but felt more like revolving around a giant “deus ex machina” device plot to achieve a happy ending.But overall, OneShot met and exceeded my expectation for an RPG Maker game of its price range.  Yes, it can be gimmicky, but it leaves a positive and permanent mark of its story and characters to my memory."
76561198281567292,Recommended,420530,30786370,Posted: 27 March,all,Sans Senpai,great game i love it  right up there with undertale in my opinion keep up the good work
76561198137122883,Recommended,420530,32375229,Posted: 12 June,all,karma wizard,very good game that i would buy for my friends
,Recommended,420530,32366557,Posted: 12 June,all,Nikoxellunia,It is a good game.Everyone should play it.I'm crying tears.
76561198350787155,Recommended,420530,28301573,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,inmuk,MY BEST GAME!
,Recommended,420530,28302083,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,DISCRAZED,"Great game, I just wish I could replay it"
76561198091494295,Recommended,420530,33328443,Posted: 6 July,all,Noskel,"Played it for less than an hour, and I already care about Niko more than 90% of all othervideo game characters.I'm both nervous and excited about creating files on my computer,And yes, obligatory Undertale comparison: similar clever use of gamemechanics. Though Undertale has better music (as of where I am now),I'm more attached to Niko than any of the Undertale characters for all of my playtime."
,Recommended,420530,31879679,Posted: 21 May,all,kustt nite,"Aight, so my previous review was meant to be a joke. But, Im gonna rewrite this in the best way i could.OneShot is an amazing game that makes you feel like you're a part of this world, even though you're not. The story, characters, everything about this game feels so unique in that it just blows your mind. The puzzles are simple, yet challenging. The story is understandable, yet questionable at the same time. The feels, I won't talk about them. The world is unique on every playthrough and that it's in a similar boat to Undertale, but if Undertale was on a raft, OneShot would be on the bloody S.S Anne(couldn't think of a real big boat). The gameplay can be boring to those who want a more combat oriented game, but to anyone who enjoys a good Indie game, they should WITHOUT QUESTION, play this game.9.9/10Reason for missing on the 0.1. The hellspawn.Cover art kid is so cute and innocent that he needs to be protected at all costs."
76561198199778059,Recommended,420530,28717328,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Triger3810,"I was enjoying it alot and then i screwed up and well >>I have a problem. I accidentally clicked on the game when i didn't want to and tried exiting out right away but the window popped up and said all that stuff about progress being saved and then the game was still open but all black. When I tried exiting out it said thats not available during a cut scene. All that cutscene was was (Niko is feeling uneasy) No matter what I did, nothing happened and I didn't havetime to wait for something to happen and so I powered off my computer and now whenever I click on the game it says ""Failed to initilize steamworks"" Now I spent ten dollars on a game i cant even play anymore. I was having fun, the characters and settings were really cool and fansinating. I dont know what to do. Please help. I don't mean to dis this game but I screwed up. I'm Sorry creator I really want to continue but I can't and therefor can't enojy the game. The graphics so far are incredible and I wish i could continue really badly. Although I sent a refund request. I plan to get my cash back buy it and play it again without doing the thing I did."
,Recommended,420530,31095337,Posted: 12 April,all,Rymmage,"This game is beautiful, the story is overwhelmingly engrossing, and it creates an experience unlike any other."
76561198186646398,Recommended,420530,31089234,Posted: 11 April,all,that one kid,UGHHHHHHHHH SOOOOOOOO GOOOOOOOODDDDD
76561198048011384,Recommended,420530,30739548,Posted: 25 March,all,Tystefy,"I played for an hour, then closed the game because life.Later, I logged back in...For once, I have never wanted to not close a game so much... and not because it was addictive.FEELS-METER AT 70%I later met a  robot who... in a way, was disintigrating from existence. Keep in mind that this was just a basic-level working bot. I walked up to them.Through the static, I barely made out:""PLEASE DO NOT APPROACH.""FEELS-METER AT 100%Beat the game.FEE-*SYSTEM ERROR*"
,Recommended,420530,33257269,Posted: 4 July,all,PANCAPES,"Came for catgirls, got so much more8/10 because i had to look up a guide for like 2 puzzles"
,Recommended,420530,34269212,Posted: 15 August,all,i dont sleep much,this is not a game.this is something you love.
,Recommended,420530,32943536,Posted: 28 June,all,Sweg ʕ•ᴥ•ʔ,"Very entertaining puzzle game.I loved everything about it, the music, the art, the story and of course, niko too.The story was great, it made me feel as if I was actually saving that world,I would never foget about this game and Niko, simply put, it was amazing(づ｡◕‿‿◕｡)づ"
,Recommended,420530,30877307,Posted: 1 April,all,Jamez.EXE,omg this game is so good it breaks the forth wall sooo well it imersise you into this world and by the time i had to make the final choice i was so confilcted on wat to do 10/10
,Recommended,420530,32132556,Posted: 2 June,all,JBG | Möchtegern,I thought it was just some bad rpg but WOW i do enjoy the game a lot.
,Recommended,420530,30061046,Posted: 20 February,all,Alibabah,"9.5/10Great pixel art and history, awesome!"
,Recommended,420530,33473055,Posted: 11 July,all,twitch.tv/SmoothMovesDude,"I'm sure that most who will ever buy this game already have, but to you, the reader who hasn't purchased,please do.I'll keep my review short and sweet to minimize how long you have to read so you can maximize how much you play this work of art.Story: Dear lord 10/10. I personally never found a part where I had to say ""What was the creator thinking"".Music: 9+/10. Didn't pay too much attention to it but I never felt as if it wasn't atmospheric.Gameplay: A puzzler, not too hard but it is easy to get lost if you're like me. 9+/10 nontheless.Controls: It's an RPG Maker game, 10/10.Overall: 9.5+/10 stop reading start playing."
,Recommended,420530,33572468,Posted: 15 July,all,Windows 10,A masterpiece
,Recommended,420530,30460866,Posted: 11 March,all,Thalins,"Yes. So much yes.I was a little apprehensive when my friend told me to buy this. Within the first thirty minutes, however, I was geniunely worried about little Niko. The base game alone was enough to easily spike it to one of my favorite games of all time. The new Solstice update, however, has cemented that even further. Although it is a little on the short side (my first playthrough took me only about 6 hours, plus another 6 for the Solstice), between the adorable and lovable Niko, the amazing OST (which is coming from a guy who doesn't usually like atmospheric music; it's ♥♥♥♥ing good), and the story that still affects me to this day (3 whole months since the Solstice released as of this review), I cannot state enough how much I absolutely love this game. If you love a good story, this is most definitely a game for you!"
76561198220009925,Recommended,420530,30423307,Posted: 10 March,all,Yomieru,"I was initally intruiged by this game's graphic design, which reminded me of games such as Yume Nikki or Ib, which I also enjoyed - and was promptly drawn into the mysteries surrounding it. You wake in a room, unknowing of where you are. But the game knows where you are. It knows you exist, and mysteries continue to pique the interest of those willing to explore everything in the world, along with both adorable and heart-wrenching scenes: there honetsly isn't a single character you don't feel attached to, as it is full of life.It makes you care as a result, and the puzzles are clever - not spoiling, but I found myself grinning at some of how the later-game puzzles were pulled off. Give the game a try, you won't regret it, but remember.'You only have One shot.'"
76561198042059900,Recommended,420530,30437520,Posted: 10 March,all,Xyz_,"Overall great game.The beautiful art, fitting music, and intriguing story make you want to keep moving.The game does a great job at involving the player and pulling them into the story, something I rarely experience in videogames.EDIT: 3/27/17 - Post SolsticeThe new update was incredible and my gripes listed below no longer apply - this is now the best game I've ever played.I only have three bad things to say about the game:1. The game is extremely short, most play time is accumulated by solving puzzles (I have played through the game 3 times thus far, the first taking roughly 5 hours). I consider this a negative due to the missed potential in story and character development for a game like this.2. Most NPCs were/are extremely shallow, their sole purpose seemed to be moving the player along their quest without any real relationship development (This made the final decision of the game quite easy).3. Many interactions between the player and main character either lacked options or were cut short.In the end I'd love to see more OneShot and hope the supposed update on 3/20/17 is a good one!"
,Recommended,420530,30459787,Posted: 11 March,all,beans,good game
,Recommended,420530,30460242,Posted: 11 March,all,SirLarion,"+Amazing story+Clever game mechanics and puzzles+Beautiful graphics and soundtrack+Pancakes+Enough ram for days-Can't take a nap in someone else's house :(9.5/10, will play again... a lot"
76561198071693720,Recommended,420530,30420087,Posted: 9 March,all,FROSTY NIPS,"A beautiful little game that obviously had much love poured into it from the devs. Incredible art, sound and puzzle design. Sometimes a little tricky but nothing you can't get over with a little thinking- especially at the start before you get into the way the game operates.The only drawbacks are the length of the game- just a few hours, but replayability fixes this somewhat- and the ending, which will leave you conflicted and frustrated. I suppose this is a reflection of the excellent character and world building throughout.Excellent little character-driven puzzle game, 9/10."
76561198125413648,Recommended,420530,30420544,Posted: 9 March,all,rorschacherette,"Never felt compelled to write a review before.  Love adventure and smart, old-school games.  This one is a gem.  Just play it.  Play it now. :-)"
,Recommended,420530,30438461,Posted: 10 March,all,Salty Pickle,"so.....I guess this is it right.god, frickn damit, this one shot me in the head and heart.Very good game"
76561198088217136,Recommended,420530,30699934,Posted: 24 March,all,Tumult,"I love this game, it's so beautiful and relaxing and entertaining and sooo very interesting. Kinda freaked me out when i found out the game knew my name. I thought that it was coincidentally shared the same name as me xDHighly recommended, Imagine Undertale but without fighting and more puzzles"
,Recommended,420530,28888201,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Ramen Nap Ruins,"After playing Undertale I craved a game that paralleled if not outshines it. This is that game and this experience is a devastating one. Unlike Undertale you don't get a happy ending. You're convinced it's you who is going to save the world... yet you don't get the satisfaction. No matter what, in the world you've discovered... it's going to die. Your choice becomes whether or not to let the inhabitants experience happiness before they die, or to kill the world and let the savior go home to his mother. Is this deprived world even worth saving? Or is it the right thing to do to let this world live it's last days in peace?"
,Recommended,420530,32927510,Posted: 28 June,all,ギターネコ,10/10
76561198002754922,Recommended,420530,28422741,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Johnford313,"Fantastic game. Unique mechanics, beautiful and engrossing story. The soundtrack is haunting and amazing as well, and the pixel art is very pretty. There's not a lot of better ways to spend 4-5hours of your time. Highly recommended."
76561198076577229,Recommended,420530,31051419,Posted: 9 April,all,Yuuki,Really interesting mechanics!
,Recommended,420530,35353900,Posted: 30 September,all,MadScientist,One of the best games I have ever played!
,Recommended,420530,34156144,Posted: 10 August,all,Jack Denkin,Fantastic. Feels train.
,Recommended,420530,30815073,Posted: 29 March,all,Simon3373,I love this game. So creactive! :D Hope to se more games like this soon.
,Recommended,420530,33097528,Posted: 1 July,all,BadgerButt ✿,I wish I had a light bulb.
,Recommended,420530,33166270,Posted: 2 July,all,Yeshybear,"Lovable characters, beatuiful artwork and incredibly unique gameplay mechanics that add to the immersive story. Oneshot is a great game for almost every gamer."
,Recommended,420530,33093904,Posted: 1 July,all,v a p o r w a v e,Love this game
76561198094794615,Recommended,420530,33109419,Posted: 1 July,all,Taryn,"I'm so glad I stumbled upon this cute, quirky little gem. I love when games break the fourth wall. Worth playing through twice!"
,Recommended,420530,33138660,Posted: 2 July,all,BlunderFunk,I wasn't expecting the game to mess up with your real computer to complete puzzles :D
,Recommended,420530,33150648,Posted: 2 July,all,Thmy,"This is truly an experience. The story, the characters. Everything is so... beatiful. The way the game knows you, and the interactons between you and Niko. A real masterpiece. I recommend this game so, so much! The feeling you get when you bond with Niko, and the characters you meet. And the decisions you`ll have to make...After I finished Undertale, (which I really recommed you try btw.) I wanted to try a new RPG with a good story. I stumbled upon this in my recommendation`s tab. I`m really glad this game found me. My new favourite game, and it`s worth the money. 10/10And remember... You only have OneShot..."
,Recommended,420530,33090561,Posted: 1 July,all,ouais les garcons,"please play this gamethe puzzles (and mechanics) are astoundingly creative and require a fair amount of non-linear thinking, and i've never experienced anything like this in a video game. it starts off deceptively simple (point and click interact) but especially towards the end, this game stretches the definition of meta to the extreme and it's amazingthe plot and ending(s) do remind me of other gamesBastion restore or evacuate?but this was one of the most emotionally charged ones for me10/10 would cry again"
76561198049782068,Recommended,420530,33091777,Posted: 1 July,all,Zdumieslaw,Amazing.
,Recommended,420530,33082492,Posted: 1 July,all,xxxtentacion Dad,"This game is really well made and i loved it.This little gem of a game is worth it, unfortunately it didn't got alot of recognition.But i'm here to tell you that if you into Undertale type of game but just without the combat system, you probably will like it.Also the fanbase of Oneshot isn't as bad as Undertale.BUY THIS DAMNN Game, Dead♥♥♥♥♥one of the best Rpgs games ."
76561198172116457,Recommended,420530,33087603,Posted: 1 July,all,StarboundSage,"Great game, great story, great puzzles, great characters, and sad ending."
76561198047955990,Recommended,420530,33110251,Posted: 1 July,all,pancakeempress,This game is Fantastic. Highly recommend. A little bit out of the window and very thoughtful. Most of all beatifully done.
,Recommended,420530,33188759,Posted: 3 July,all,JuRizk,"Wow, what a game!. This is the exactly one of the best game that i ever played. The gameplay is really interactive, yeah you know.Since i played U****tale, i never know game like this. However, i am never wanna compare this game. Both have interesting story and character . And very emotional.Once again. What a great game!!"
,Recommended,420530,28389094,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,M1n1Cat,Good writingGood soundtrackI love it!!!!!!10/10
76561198148596667,Recommended,420530,34246807,Posted: 14 August,all,ObsidianArcher,Its good. Similar to undertale in a way.
76561198048578224,Recommended,420530,34911322,Posted: 12 September,all,Citrus Fruit,"Undertale, but better and more interactive."
76561198069985542,Recommended,420530,33217530,Posted: 3 July,all,knight of the stars,"By far one of the most intriguing and original games I have ever played or to play at all.  The use of the fourth wall is beyond amazing and the story itself is superb,  if you haven't bought this game now, buy it in repentence for not buying sooner!"
,Recommended,420530,33295889,Posted: 5 July,all,justice4all26,"Great story, lots of secrets, beautiful atmospheric music & cute characters - that's OneShot. I'm in love with this game, it's worth anyone’s time."
,Recommended,420530,34873616,Posted: 10 September,all,Noxium,"Amazing, better then Undertale"
,Recommended,420530,33295595,Posted: 5 July,all,Reevak,"Wow. Breaking the 4th wall to the max. It made the puzzles very unique and interesting. I really liked the characters too. My favorite characters areNico (obviously), Alula and Calamus (as a package), and the Lamplighter (aka Plight)."
76561198112750875,Recommended,420530,33297359,Posted: 5 July,all,UnWeonMas,"Please (PLEASE) stop reading reviews and go play it. The game tells you it's better playing it in windowed mode. Do it, don't ask why. The game also asks for your name... I recommend using your real name. This game is awesome and really charming, but so much better if you play it blind."
,Recommended,420530,33016544,Posted: 29 June,all,Ranade,"The videogame version of ""how many people does it take to change a lightbulb""10/10 would play againif I could, but after all, you only have ""oneshot"""
76561198050496392,Recommended,420530,33017880,Posted: 29 June,all,󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡Berd,"Interesting story, unique puzzles, mind blowing gameplay. This game is an emotional ride that you never want to end. See the world through the eyes of pure and innocent child."
,Recommended,420530,33215551,Posted: 3 July,all,EndZ0,"♥♥♥♥in amazing, buy it now"
,Recommended,420530,34878806,Posted: 11 September,all,Gravydigger,"Absolutely Brilliant.This is a game that you should go inBLIND.(If you are using wallpaper engine, you may want to disable it while playing this game)For thoses wanting to know a little more (mild spoilers):You play as a cat girl/boy/thing trying to put the Sun (as a lightbulb) on this tower.Also be advised that this game isn't limited to the application itself, with you have to locate files, use an image on your background (game changes your background) to solve a simple puzzle, etc.Have fun playing!"
,Recommended,420530,28654249,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,painkillers,Best game ever won't spoil anything its BETTER THAN UNDERTALE
,Recommended,420530,31802579,Posted: 17 May,all,AAMI,"One, of the best games I have ever played. It is truely a masterpiece. It's hard to explain why but you should just buy this game, Now!"
,Recommended,420530,29773368,Posted: 7 February,all,joridiculous,"A cute gem of a game. Well worth your time.A top/down (isometric) point-n-click without all the anoying point-n-click.You wander around in the world, find things, pick them up.Talk to the inhabitants, solve ""puzzles"", occationally breaks the 4th wall.And Niko is obviously Dodger."
76561198356410259,Recommended,420530,31586431,Posted: 6 May,all,a2577a,interesting.i like this game.i'll play this more...
,Recommended,420530,31590130,Posted: 6 May,all,"y tu, bidi?","Cute games will take over the world, and Niko will be thenotcat leading the revolution."
76561198137926359,Recommended,420530,28277229,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Endbeats,"I've been following the development of the remake since after I played the original this past summer, and I can say that this remake was worth it completely. So much more has been added to the game, including areas, story, characters, graphics, and music. The game did well to make you fall in love with Niko and the dying world around him, but the remake does it even better. Anyways, I don't want to say too much as I'm afraid of spoiling even the smallest stuff, but I'll just say that this game is amazing, and you should buy it if you haven't already."
,Recommended,420530,28277509,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Tempestus,A short but great Adventure game with the main selling point being the meta-interactions (I cannot explain what the interactions are as it would spoil the story)I definetly recommend this game.
76561198277418958,Recommended,420530,28279382,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,mharing,"While this game's 4th wall breaking premise may seem very similar to another well-known rpg, this is no Undertale clone. It has an intriguing and unique story and an atmospheric soundtrack. I highly recommend it."
76561198085250528,Recommended,420530,28320291,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Tech_Spec,"Why are you reading reviews? Just buy it, Play it, and fall in love with it."
,Recommended,420530,28279864,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,RubbedTheRubberDucky,OneShot is a fantastic game with great 4th wall breaking elements. Worth the price and I very much recommend you get this. Try to play this with as few spoilers as possible to get the full experience.
,Recommended,420530,35503936,Posted: 5 October,all,elijd.1107,"This is one of my favorite games ever, sadly once you complete the solstice thing its not ""as"" fun but its still amazing. gave me lots of feels."
76561198197335018,Recommended,420530,35504289,Posted: 5 October,all,springheeledmo,"Very entertaining, great story and different to anything ive played before."
,Recommended,420530,32779922,Posted: 25 June,all,[LST] Fighter5810,God this game is beautiful.Im not saying i cried butI didDont read reviews or anything else about this game just buy it.
,Recommended,420530,28266761,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,GhostSpooks,"This game is beautiful. Everything about is is just wonderful. The story, the characters, everything. I highly recommend. VERY highly recommend."
76561198190375506,Not Recommended,420530,35500847,Posted: 5 October,all,jleanse23,"OneShot is a top-down RPG/Undertalelike/metagame with cute pixel art, 3 and a half map areas to explore, and a weeb plot.I admit I'm writing this review because of the ""Overwhelmingly Positive"" response OneShot has received. That strong endorsement made me buy it. An overwhelmingly positive score should be reserved for games which transcend the player's expectations. Since the reviews were positive, my expectations were set. But it was a bad game, so why were reviews so high? My hypothesis is that OneShot is overwhelmingly reviewed by weebs and received its positive endorsement in an echo chamber.I was attracted to this game because of the ideas Undertale left in its wake. Pixel art, top down, adventure metagames are so hot right now. But Undertale was 2015, maybe 2016's crown jewel was OneShot. Nope. If you can see the trailer, the images, on the steam page, you've seen ALL the game offers: its cuteness is the primary plot driver. Character interactions are superficial, the consequences of these interactions are limited and linear. It lacks the depth, engagement, and sly irreverence that Undertale brought to the table. The only ""novelty"" Oneshot offers isthat it forcibly quits the game to make you search for secret codes in files it writes to the player's computer, and other similar contrivances. At least those puzzles are easy to figure out.Wait, that's not a good thing to say about puzzles.I didn't like this ""game,"" I thought it was boring, saccharine, and humorless, so don't purchase it."
,Recommended,420530,30677687,Posted: 22 March,all,Rice is Life,Undertale 2.0
,Recommended,420530,30768169,Posted: 27 March,all,Rammstein,AWESOME!!! Awesome game with an equally awesome story! Definitely worth playing if you like story driven games that push the bounds and break the fourth wall... It's really an original and epic experience!
,Recommended,420530,31070267,Posted: 10 April,all,GiMP,yeet
,Recommended,420530,31070004,Posted: 10 April,all,MarkupKing,This is an absolutely phenomenal game!! Stop reading this review and go play it!!
76561198117244802,Recommended,420530,28336004,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Ampersand,"Oneshot, more like Oneshit.actually it's pretty good"
76561198099643851,Recommended,420530,31585893,Posted: 6 May,all,Ragnahawk,Do you like undertale? Do you like Puzzles. Only costs 20 dollars. This game is one hell of a thriller I'll tell you that.
76561198093339322,Recommended,420530,28302110,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,madbomb45,love it
76561198077861033,Recommended,420530,28284033,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,GodBeardMan,Just started playing and really enjoy it so far. Good luck on the first computer!
,Recommended,420530,28281742,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Soul3cho,"Update:Drastic change, by fixing this issue overall the game is actually pretttttttty goodVery reminiscent of games like undertale and earthbound and I mean that in the best of waysAbsolutely worth a buy if you are a fan of such gamesLil Niko for life******************************************************************************************************************I want to recommend this game I really doBut at the moment i am locked out of finishing the game beause Niko just being outside the last platform to pick up the lightbulb, this really should not a be a thing and if its fixed i will change the reviewuntil then do not recommend, broken game"
,Recommended,420530,31455157,Posted: 29 April,all,markp,good game
,Recommended,420530,31403012,Posted: 27 April,all,bonelizard,"It all started when I gotthisaddon for Gmod. I thought it was a nice character so I looked into the game they were from. Without reading anything about it, not even it's description, I bought it on impulse because I liked the art style, the character, the 98% approval rating, and the affordable price-tag. I don't regret a single dollar. In my current opinion, Oneshot is one of the, if notTHEbest game(s) I've ever played. If you're considering buying this game but are unsure, don't read anymore reviews and just take the plunge. This is definitely one of those games that you should know absolutely nothing about when starting."
,Recommended,420530,28282628,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Labrynian Rebel,♣
76561198127221113,Recommended,420530,31761456,Posted: 14 May,all,Captaincrash,best game i will ever play
,Recommended,420530,35251933,Posted: 27 September,all,scary clown man!,"idk if it's good, i couldnt get pass the first part"
,Recommended,420530,31127735,Posted: 13 April,all,McBeef,Possibly not worth the price tag. However a really fun unique game.
,Recommended,420530,29405864,Posted: 21 January,all,TrixyTrixter,Just buy the game do not read anything about it. This is a game you need to experience blind.
,Recommended,420530,32400964,Posted: 13 June,all,JLAgamer™,Good Game
76561198178677921,Recommended,420530,33122764,Posted: 2 July,all,BLUE MOON,Regret buying on summer sale :(
,Recommended,420530,33185190,Posted: 3 July,all,Oddesu,A special game that will make you care for itself.
,Recommended,420530,33187584,Posted: 3 July,all,filili::[sapp,"Beautiful and brilliant.The gameplay, the design and the soundtrack.I have no words to describe it.Go play if you haven't already."
,Recommended,420530,30645104,Posted: 20 March,all,JoswaR,Wow!
,Recommended,420530,29869937,Posted: 12 February,all,gay ass,lit game
76561198259816486,Recommended,420530,28326497,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,QXM_deadeye,I don't write reviews often but I realy enjoyed this game so why not. This game did almost everything right from the soundtrack to the artwork. I recamend this to everyone whos looking for a good story or a amazeing chalange 10/10SolsticeYou know I don't think any other game on steam has brought me to tears before. the true ending actuly brought me to tears. This was one amasing game. my only problem was that we only say niko leave the world but never say him with his mom outside of his dreams. This has been the best game i have played in a long time.
76561198067310037,Recommended,420530,33017792,Posted: 29 June,all,Baam,mind-boggling
,Recommended,420530,31207753,Posted: 17 April,all,Undecim,"The rating speaks for itself. Though short lived, as you can play this entire game in under 10 hours, it is most certainly worth a play, as it features a rich world of quirky characters who are all waiting for you. Waiting for someone to save them. A casual world exploration puzzle game, it is a fantastic game anyone and everyone should play, especially if you enjoyed Undertale. Trust me when I say that the less you know going in, the better."
,Not Recommended,420530,28325236,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Mike,"I'll say this-- the game has a good few original ideas that make the game interesting. I'd say that the game was worth the time that it took to play, and don't feel too sour about how much I spent to play it. However, the game seems to be missing a lot of what it would need to make it complete, in my opinion.The majority of characters are bland distributors of text, existing solely to help the player move forwards with the game. Gameplay is 'trapped in a room' esque, almost to the point of being a keyboard-controlled point and click puzzle game. Player choice affects nothing. The ending is incredibly predictable.Overall, the game feels rushed-- like it had the right idea, but had only a week or so to write the story/characters. There are points of interest that seem to have been scrapped from the game; areas that are hinted on being accessible and yet prove to be nothing but red herrings. There are characters who seem to have resolvable issues and sidequests, but none of which can ever really be resolved. Even one of the major plotlines of 'the world is decaying', and the mysterious appearance of dead pixels on the screen-- mentioned, investigated, and then drops off the face of the earth to never be mentioned again.That being said, I was bored one Saturday night and gave the game a try. It might not've rocked my world, but it kept me mildly entertained for the few hours that I played it. So hey, go ahead-- just don't expect anything too memorable and/or impressive."
,Recommended,420530,32278574,Posted: 8 June,all,zingy zucchini,BoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooB
76561198045695805,Not Recommended,420530,35118707,Posted: 21 September,all,Kyun,"Good atmosphere, characters, interesting and new kinds of puzzles. But I feel like the building up excitement for what will happen in the end is kinda wasted, like I wished it to mind♥♥♥♥ me but it didn't. Like the game ended and i was bored.not sure, maybe I want the game to ♥♥♥♥ my mind to the point I stare at screen for a few minutes, like undertale could. But this game does not have the goal of ♥♥♥♥ing your mind so. Not my thing."
,Not Recommended,420530,34800719,Posted: 7 September,all,Jolly Melon,"This is a good game. However i cannot recommend it, as it crashes after the first area. I don't think there is a fix for the particular error i am getting either. Will change review if bug is fixed."
,Not Recommended,420530,30799186,Posted: 28 March,all,Tommorows Gamer,"I'll try to be as spoiler free as possible, mostly out of respect for the maker and community.As much as I can see why people are excited for the game I don't enjoy the game myself.As a puzzle game, most of the puzzles are more or less bring item A to place Y (with a few basic combine item A and B to create item C to bring to place Y and use there). There are a few that stand out which I'll get to later.The story, while decently written, has a few problems which while not glaring problems can if you notice them make you question how dangerous the situation really is.While quite a lot of people do mention that they love the characters I can't really agree. For me they feel flat, they have little to tell and they don't do/say enough for you to get to know most of them decently. Which for a game with the user-defnied tag ""story-rich"" really puts me off, I'm not saying the characters are boring per say just that most you don't get to know past a quick hello and what their occupation is.As an adventure game the story is fairly short, which doesn't have to be a bad thing. And considering it originated as a flash game this is perfectly understandable. But meanwhile short doesn't mean it has to lack content, which sadly to a somewhat large degree this game does.The world itself though looks beautiful, and it actually fits the theme of a dying world in need of getting rescued. And the music is in my opinion not bad either, while not memorable it doesn't sound bad during longer stretches of time.With all this said it probably sounds pretty bad, right? Well it is really not, it is only bad if you're a person like me who focus a lot on smaller ""unimportant"" details before the larger possibly more important details.A lot of people enjoy it and I believe it partly is for the few unique puzzles it has.Quite a few of OneShots puzzles are based around breaking the fourth wall and interacting with the game through the computer, usually requires you to search for a clue in etc. your desktop to get past the puzzle. The execution isn't flawless but at the same time it is very unique and sets it apart from other adventure/puzzle games.Does this weigh up against the flaws I've found personally? No, but I regress this is a decent game which I do belive has had a bit too much hype regarding the part I believe was the main reason it became popular: It's meta humor.A lot of games has had it the last few years, but only in smaller degrees usually (with exceptions obviously), and it seems Indie games have picked up on this idea and are actually using it pretty nicely. The thing is, the few clever Meta jokes, observations and puzzles don't really make the overall game better.All in all, while this game and it's make certainly deserve the attention it gets I'm almost fully certain that if it hadn't been for games like Lisa & Undertale the last few years the idea of a Meta indie game would be much less likely to be successful. So I do believe that this plays a big factor in OneShots popularity, so if you enjoy the game I can see where you're comming from but despite that let me just end this here with this:I'll say this one final time: It is a decent game that could be worth your money but if you've even the slightest doubt on whatever you'll like it or not then wait on a friend to get it for you or on a sale.Sadly despite me saying that I can't recommend it in general, but again the game isn't bad just not as great as a lot of people make it out to be.So if you've read this far thank you for doing so, but if you feel like you don't agree with me then don't and if you feel I was wrong about something major in the review or a bit harsh please mention it as I do appreciate knowing such things and I might rectify such problems.Minor edit, small clarification: I have to say that the community from what I've seen is good and they don't preach much about the 'greatness' of the game. The community though isn't the game, so while I might be able to say: ""You could probably enjoy talking to the community"" I can't really say ""I recommend the game"". The two are different things. So if you only enjoy the story but not the game you'll still probably be able to talk to the community without trouble as of the time of writing this note."
,Recommended,420530,28306988,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Pyth,video game
76561198000990335,Not Recommended,420530,33991116,Posted: 3 August,all,Kodenhobold,"I played it through and even continued to play...But it could not bind me much longer. The ideas are great, the style and music is okay. The characters are interesting. And the ""fourth wall"" experience is funny.But the problem is that the core-game is ♥♥♥♥♥♥. Its like a bad point-and-click adventure... You walk, combine things, walk, travel, combine, travel, walk, uncreative puzzle, walk, combine, travel, another uncreative puzzle... and so on.And eventually, you have to solve puzzles you already solved one time... (so its not only boring but boring²)Its like ""Hey we have this cool 4th Wall thing, we have a creative idea for the plot, but dang.. we also need some kind of gameplay... lets not put too much effort in it.."")The whole time I forced myself to continue playing because of the ""great feelings"" (which I did not experience in my, maybe too short, playtime), the cool 4th wall thing and the great reviews here.But be warned, there ARE people who will not LOVE this game (like me) and maybe you are one of this 0,001% special snowflakes.PS: The game broke after some 4th Wall experience my Windows Registry (Windows 10). Rightclicks took like 3 minutes on the Desktop. The YouTube-Clip ""Slow Right click on Windows 10 Fix"" fixed it for me."
,Not Recommended,420530,33915795,Posted: 30 July,all,TheCarpetKing,"Was to some extent dragged in but in the end the game didn't really deliver and I got dissapointed. The music is just sort of there, it's not bad, but it's nothing amazing either. The gameplay is alright, but I felt like I was playing to get it done, not because I was enjoying it.""spoiler""In the beginning I quit the game (literally within the first minute) because I accidentally skipped over the things explaining the controlls. I tried finding the button which would show me the menu but I couldn't find it (why would that be on ""A"" and not ""esc"" I wonder). So I tried quitting the game and starting again. Eventually that resulted in me getting the least ""giving"" ending. After that I watched the other endings, I think I would have been more satisfied with one of them. But watching them afterwards was sort of eh as the ""emotional"" bond doesn't function really well when it wasnt my chosen name that appeared as the ""god"" name. I watched the solstice end too, and that just made me unemotional, it did not manage to involve me as it tried to, and I just felt like I was watching someones work instead of being involved in the story.Overall I think it's an alright game, I just wish it could've given me more in the end. I don't regret buying it, but I don't feel like it gave me a lot either."
,Not Recommended,420530,35034339,Posted: 17 September,all,BARACK OBAMA,Does a lot of interesting things but overall boring
,Not Recommended,420530,29184653,Posted: 11 January,all,Player,"This game had promise, but never really lived up to it.The NPCs exist mainly to send you to your next McGuffin - there's no real sense of life from the NPCs, or any feeling that they have a life that exists when you're not looking.Many things are alluded to, but never actually expanded upon. The mile-wide-inch-deep phrase comes to mind, here.The breaking of the fourth wall never really makes sense from a narrative standpoint - it feels as if the developers realized they could make a pop-up prompt with text in it, and really wanted to have it wear out its welcome. The dialogue accompanying the window prompts is poorly written. It's reminiscent of someone trying to sound mysterious or imposing, without knowing how to actually accomplish that.Puzzles are arbitarily placed - they feel like they're there simply for the sake of having a puzzle to impede your progress.There's no opportunity to bond with the main character. We're force-fed cutscenes about how sad she is, how she had a dream, etc., but we're never given anything more. Her interactions with NPCs (as rare as they are) are flat and add nothing to her as a character.If you simply want a game that has puzzles placed throughout it, this game is probably for you.If you want a game that has meaningful dialogue, intelligent narrative, and a sense of something *more*, look somewhere else."
76561198125461274,Not Recommended,420530,34047308,Posted: 5 August,all,fgulicher,"I was blown away by the trailer, but now i'm about halfway through and thinking when does the fun start? It's a bit of a drag walking from item to item talking to npc's and solving simple puzzles. Story is interesting and art and concept are good, but it needs more gameplay. perhaps better exploring (exploring here is more tedious then rewarding), smarter puzzles or some combat... To be honest I'd rather watch a playthrough of this game on youtube than actually put in the time to finish it. Well since it's only 8 hours long i guess i will finish it one day. It's not bad at all but it's OK. They should have put a bit more time in and it could have been good."
76561198036943999,Not Recommended,420530,29665439,Posted: 3 February,all,SamuraiJones,"I wish there was a ""neutral"" option on recommending. I loved the game, but it was so so short. So much untapped potential.An adventure game with an interesting atmosphere and nice retro graphics, and a strong meta element. The characters were lovable, but you interacted with them so briefly before moving on. The setting is colorful and interesting, and very fresh, but each location you pass through so quickly that you don't really have time to get involved with it.The idea of examining the relationship between the main character, the player, and the programmer and the game itself is a cool idea, and while it's the biggest aspect, the game isn't really long enough to fully explore the concept.And lastly... I bought the game cuz the ""choices matter"" tag always catches my attention. After playing through it once and then skimming a few walkthroughs, it looks like there's 2 endings. Gameplay doesn't branch at all leading up to it. It didn't really feel like it earned that tag to me.It was good. Just wish there were a bit more of it. The game could've been longer and better explored its ideas, and also made me a little more satisfied with the pricing."
,Not Recommended,420530,33256167,Posted: 4 July,all,The Derbster,"Upon opening the game it crashed during the opening cutsecene. This created an invisible game save that I cannot find on my computer despite editing the registry, deleting the my documents and appdata ""Oneshot"" folders. I turned off cloud sync, uninstalled the game and purged all related registry entries to no avail. Every time I open the game i am in the basement at the end of the game where you can revisit levels.There is no reason this amount of effort should be required just to play the game. I respect that the game breaks the 4th wall and knows when you delete the save file and thats a cool idea but why is there no way to manually reset the entire game?I am really upset that I am missing out on this likely masterpiece of a game due to such a simple crash.All this being said give the game a go based on the other reviews, just don't crash your game before you start."
,Not Recommended,420530,34347449,Posted: 19 August,all,Solaire of Astora,"The gameplay is not fun. Many cool ideas, but playing the game wasn't an enjoyable experience at all."
,Not Recommended,420530,31455637,Posted: 29 April,all,indienerd,"I enjoyed my journey so much. The world is lovely. The story is told in a cute way.But then they start to make you interact with the game from outside the game.That is a fun mechanism ... until it really gets annoying. There are many stretchers in the game to begin with where you only have to walk and walk and walk ... but the last bit they are just going nuts with leaving away sensible direction.And then come the ""play it windowed"" parts ... that are supposed to be better, but the window is not resizable and playing on a 4k monitor really, really makes this no fun at all.If I had a 10 point rating this would have gotten 9/10 for the first 90% ... but now that I seem to be at the very end (inside the tower ... kinda) it managed to take it just too far and I lost motivation. Spending so much time and then stopping is just frustrating!"
,Not Recommended,420530,30781636,Posted: 27 March,all,anoknusa,"I initially recommend this game, and still do, simply because it's a bit of fresh air in a largely stagnant gaming ecosystem, and I want to encourage independent developers to keep making stuff and keep thinking creatively. That said, I didn't like it much at first, and after giving it more thought my opinion of it is even lower 24 hours after finishing it than it was immediately afterward, and I simply have to say this game was lackluster. The world and story are simply unfulfilling, the supposedly novel and mind-blowing mechanics that are the game's selling point are nothing of the sort, and it's when the game resorts to these (not at all new) gimmicks that it actually falls flat.Most of the puzzles in the game are intuitive without being obvious, requiring a good bit of thinking, but when the game wants to get ""crazy"" and ""cool"" by breaking out of itself to address you, the player, it just throws the answer your way. The main draw of the game, it seems, is that it requires the player to take an active role in helping lead character Niko by consulting materials outside the game itself. While it may seem neat to some that the game itself directs you to look *outside* itself for the answer, such things have been around for decades, going back to a time when having a fair bit of complexity in a game's story and mechanics required packaging it with extra materials---maps, decoder rings, cardboard cut-outs and lore booklets---that players would occasionally be prompted to reference. Still other games would simply rely on the player's trivial knowledge or require one to consult an encyclopedia. While these earlier examples would typically serve as hints that would require the player to discern the ultimate answer to a puzzle or riddle independently, OneShot just gives away the answer, the only real barrier being whether the player knows the basics of using a PC.I did find myself intrigued as dialog boxes from the seemingly malevolent Entity appeared on my screen to warn me, only for that intrigue to fade quickly once I realized it's threats were completely empty.The foundation of a world is laid but the world itself is never built, and the game's story leaves several unanswered questions that made the final choice---the one that the player has ""only one shot"" to get right---feel pretty empty to me. I felt no stake in it, having made no connection with either Niko or the inhabitants of the world which, through means unknown, apparently pulled this poor kid from a comfortable home and laid on that kid the weight of an entire world's destruction without giving any reason to really care about it. There's an NPC  encountered near the beginning who outright questions whether you and Niko should even bother interfering with a natural and inevitable process, and I saw no counter to that ever really offered. While I can imagine what sort of impact my choice might have had (and I have to, since the game doesn't tell me), I cannot think of any reason to care.It could well be that I fell into the hype trap, and just expected something other than what us old grouches already remembered from the good ol' days, and like I said, I can't entirely disparage the game.  If you want to encourage indy developers to keep making things that are outside the stale status quo, or wouldn't mind a bit of a reminder about what older adventure games were like, go ahead and give this game a try. See what you think yourself. OneShot is a solid adventure game that eschews easy answers (most of the time) and has a little touch of charm to it. But astonishing, it is not."
,Not Recommended,420530,28339077,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,kajemi2,"While the game seems to have some potential and interesting lore to it, the crypticness of what you need to do to progress and the overall dull and slow-paced gameplay doesn't really make this worth sitting through. The soundtrack is nothing to write home about and grows old after a few loops, though I have to admire the great attention to detail on the tilesets, and often forgot I was even playing an RPG Maker game. The character designs are cute and memorable, but the characters themselves lack a certain amount of substance to them. If you're interested in playing for the story, I'd much more reccommend watching a playthrough of the game rather than buying it yourself. If you're interested in playing for the gameplay, you should look elsewhere, as you won't find much of that here other than selecting items on menus."
,Not Recommended,420530,33112970,Posted: 1 July,all,Mothra,"The gameplay is tedious. It's the bad parts of other adventure games; wander around, collect random objects, shove some of them together haphazardly to see which ones combine, then use those objects in the right places to keep things moving along. The story has potential, but isn't fleshed out enough to keep me engaged. I was expecting a lot more from OneShot based on the glowing praise I've seen various places online."
76561198144935495,Not Recommended,420530,33210439,Posted: 3 July,all,Ezios311,"I'm really disappointed, it is really boring history. The only things that are interesting in this game are some gameplay mechanics. But it is not worth to but it only to see this few interesting things."
76561198044790719,Not Recommended,420530,28341328,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,MoeMonstrosity,"Had a few issues around the time of getting the Weird Film and had a number of graphical errors as as likely some others and was unable to progress. It's a shame too, since I really wanted to actually finish the damned game but will now be unable to even get a chance to."
76561197999412392,Not Recommended,420530,32660050,Posted: 22 June,all,Darkunov,"From what I played, it's pretty much a third-person point & Click, with a logic to the puzzle that's about as hard to follow as other games of this genre. Too bad though, the music sounded very good and the characters interesting. I just can't get into a game where I need to look up a walkthrough three times in 30 minutes.Probably a good idea to buy if you're into Point & Click games, but I'm not, hence my thumbs down."
76561198020845099,Not Recommended,420530,31762860,Posted: 14 May,all,n3hemiah,"Like Undertale, but more anime-saccharine and without a sense of humor about itself. If you're into that, you'll like this."
76561198357505847,Not Recommended,420530,30753608,Posted: 26 March,all,gremlinmarkomega,"We have all been waiting for the next indie love affair since the adoreable undertale by toby fox. Unfortunatly i cannot say this game is that next classic. Oneshot is set to put a child in a strange world meant to save its inhabitents, with 4th wall breaking mechanics that are unique and interesting. Where it fails to meet Undertale is its iconic characters, and the ability for the player to understand what to do to proceed, and the stunning and clever soundtrack Undertale offered. This game has you set to try to combine different items in your inventory untill you figure out what small thing you missed, and deciphering exactly what file on your computer is nessasary to proceed in the game, and thats where i have my issue. The game has presented a world on the brink of destruction that the developers obviously wanted the player to look at in awe, however since im treking back and forth constantly im more frustrated by its layout than interested and the characters are cast away by the time you progress to the next area. The pitter patter of Nikos own feet is something you should get used to now because they flood any sort of ambiance of the area you are in, making it seem like there is hardly any music at all. By the time its all said and done (which for some) is frustratingly short , you are faced with an ultimatum for Niko that feels like the few and far between meaningful interactions with him are supposed to be some sort of great buildup up to this point however fails to do so. This is sad considering that the game recognizes you and Niko as a team and not just Niko the character. I personaly beleive that if there was a mini map, more interactions with Niko and the characters around him that felt enjoyable, then this game would certainly feel like it was a new Undertale for us to enjoyI give the game a 6/10 : Certainly interesting for the one playthough that you buy it for.-update-while One Shot released first, I still strongly think that alot of undertale fans would look at the game now and give it a shot based on similarities both have. I still think that they should be cautious however because Undertale offered far more in terms of sound track variety, characters, and gave players a better sense of direction.Pros-a fleshed out world to explore-interesting 4th wall breaking mechanicsCons-characters are so throw away you have no reason to grow attached-mechanics sometimes leave you so confused your gonna want to look for a guide-the sounds of Nikos feet drown out any sound track- a lack of a mini map has you walking back and forth aimlessly a frustrating point"
,Not Recommended,420530,30923482,Posted: 3 April,all,Dinkleberg,"This game has all the elements of a great adventure game, but unfortunately the execution is lackluster. The characters are mostly flat, boring, and don't develop. The story seems to have an interesting premise but has an unfulfilling and predictable conclusion with little impact. The puzzles are trivial. The soundtrack isn't memorable either. The one thing that was decent was the visual art, with a little more polish it could be great."
76561198058767533,Not Recommended,420530,28497307,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,dlf420,"I'm starting to think these good reviews talking like, ""The game makes me feel so bad at some of the decisions I've made.""  where do you get that?  I've played a number of hours and the only thing that makes me feel bad is when I take a break from the game and don't find a bed, not always possible.  This game is neat but quickly gets repetitive and has otherwise not showed any character based choices that all the reviews make it out to have.  I'm taking off extra marks because the reviews were so different from my experiences with this game.  Aside from these comments, the game won't let me turn down or adjust any sound effects.  I love to listen to my own music while playing video games and this doesn't affect most games.  I don't think it would affect the feeling/outcome of this one because there ISN'T ANY SPOKEN DIALOG throughout the whole game.  There is no reason other than laziness that the programmers/creators didn't put in an option to adjust volumes.  This game is lacking and makes me wonder if the reviews aren't fabricated or maybe even paid for."
76561198047626721,Not Recommended,420530,30644762,Posted: 20 March,all,JUSTTOOMANYDAMNBONGOS!,"I don't get it. People are praising this game and saying it's the best game since Five Nights at Undertale 10 but I don't see it.Story is interesting enough to capture your interest but after awhile you either are roaming aimlessly in a large barren area where everything looks the same or you're looking up a guide since you don't really wanna walk around all day.I saw some interesting 4th wall breaking that I liked but I didn't think it was jaw dropping impressive.In the end, I found the game just so boring. Sorry if you disagree with that but I just cannot see what other people are seeing."
76561197994948044,Not Recommended,420530,34720630,Posted: 3 September,all,hoofindan,"A dull, tedious and badly designed game."
,Not Recommended,420530,33925791,Posted: 31 July,all,ambidot,nothing happens
,Not Recommended,420530,29077153,Posted: 6 January,all,HefBot 2.0,"Wanted to like this game.Bounced off it in the first 5 minutes super hard.As best I can tell it's a game about brute forcing every item on every other thing in the game.And if that's not what the game is about, that's the first few minutes of its infuriatingly dull opening."
76561198010335843,Not Recommended,420530,32715407,Posted: 24 June,all,Plebleb,"It reminds me a little of Undertale (I know now OneShot came before it, thank you comment section) or Cave Story, but nowhere near as good. The gameplay is basically tedious 90s adventure game-style randomly combining and placing items. The story is cliche and uninteresting with an unconvincing meta gimmick (the world is supposed to be ending...I guess?), and the graphics are bluer than Eiffel 65. Since I know you read these negative reviews, GIR, would it be too much trouble to pick some different f*cking colors and liven the place up? I know everything is supposed to be dark, but to a point it's just depressing and a game should not give me one emotion the whole time.Another annoyance is that the game zooms far too close into the screen relative to how big the overworld is. It doesn't make for a very fun time exploring and makes the world feel bigger than it is. There's really not much of a map system so it only complicates things. Talking to the first robot gives you a good idea how amateurish the dialogue is. The robots all talk in the most stereotypical ""Beep boop I am a robot!"" tone with no personality. Maybe that was the point since they're all robots, but it doesn't make them any less monotonous to interact with. The humanoid figures you come across are just as flat and interchangeable. A good story will have memorable characters, the developer(s) have failed utterly in giving the game any personality other than some half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥stabs at personality, like the character with a 6-sided die for a head will speak in ebonics, but it's the same boring dialogue at the end of the day.The whole game feels like a Final Fantasy dungeon without any of the towns or battles to break up the endless tedium. Instead it rewards you once in awhile by giving you another bland character to interact with. There is nothing fun about this game whatsoever. I didn't play too much of it but I returned it and watched a Let's Play, and it confirmed everything I learned in the first half hour.I know I'm going to get sh*t on hard because it's a small game and the fanboys are going to want to convince others to buy it for exposure, but I'm sorry, I just didn't have any fun with this game with the admittedly short duration I had.Edit: Here's feedback on my review from one of the developers of this game:https://ibb.co/dkdM9aYes, they are that immature and petty about their little game that they have to resort to personal insults. Not a ""Sorry you didn't enjoy our game"", but a personal attack on me, the paying customer. I returned this game the next day. I recommend if you're remotely curious about this game to just watch the 3-hour Let's Play on Youtube instead of spending your hard-earned money supporting immature and flat-out bad developers."
76561198097931549,Not Recommended,420530,32740122,Posted: 24 June,all,Uob,misleading name
,Not Recommended,420530,32450747,Posted: 15 June,all,Noodle,game is pretty wack. trying to be edgy with this 'break the 4th wall' wackery. FUCC this wack AZZ game
,Not Recommended,420530,30805869,Posted: 28 March,all,Ian,oneshot is like my first crushIt's really pretty and you think it's very special but it has no substance and ends up disappointing you.
76561198037421959,Recommended,420530,30532297,Posted: 15 March,all,My Name's Corbin,"This game was great and really tuged on my heart strings. I am not one to play a rpg like game, but I ended up playing this one 3 times! This game is great, and I love the music and art that goes with the story line. I'm gonna make my girlfriend play it now, but without my help to see how she likes it. Bought the game yesterday, already beat it 3 times? Yeah, definitly with my time.:)"
76561198019906160,Recommended,420530,30514935,Posted: 14 March,all,NetMoverSitan,"This is for point-and-click adventure games what Undertale was for RPGs, a similar art style but with a flimsier Fourth Wall, the story is the whole point of it and it takes you in, there are no takebacks with this as once you've done something, it can't be undone, if you want something that doesn't focus on combat, I'd recommend this.Also...this game would also appeal to narcassistic individuals for reasons that are revealed in-game."
76561198041771711,Recommended,420530,30548712,Posted: 16 March,all,The Antichrist,"My best friends have been absolutely obsessed with this game due to it's similarities to Undertale and other such meta games (if you love player communication and multiple playthroughs, you'll freak over this); I did not regret buying it.A wonderful, magical, smart, and warm experience. Absolutely buy it."
76561198028033871,Recommended,420530,30644135,Posted: 20 March,all,First Mate Buddy,"SAFETY VIOLATION!!!!!!One shot is one of those games you gotta sit down and enjoy.The atmosphere is unsettling but you never feel the sense of danger while you're playing. (atleast so far) The Characters are on par with any character from Undertale, or Yume Nikki. In fact it almost feels like a mash-up of the two games.I highly recommend giving this a chance."
76561198097112090,Recommended,420530,29132450,Posted: 8 January,all,JoJoke,"Well damn, didnt expect that♥♥♥♥♥♥to happen so fast, but now its gettin abunch of coppies sold, if it ends up like the Undertale fandom, I dont know what I would do"
76561198117750227,Recommended,420530,30644719,Posted: 20 March,all,F.C. Echo,"Clever, with beautiful graphics and music. Dialogue's good, too. The game takes full advantage of the fact that it is aware of you, the player. Unfortunately it's rather short, but a second playthrough can net you new dialogue, so that's a plus. My only real gripe is that other than Niko, characters don't stick around long enough to really be fleshed out imo.still a solid 9/10 though. I enjoyed it a lot."
,Recommended,420530,29615990,Posted: 31 January,all,Dead Meme,Well i might as well gush about it so why noti love itthe artthe charactersthe storyits all so goodworth a playthrough
,Recommended,420530,30600345,Posted: 18 March,all,Jam Usagi,"/Thisis the best game I have ever played. Go intoit blind or you will regret it for the rest of your life.You'll probably have regrets anyway if you beat the game... Although that reallyisn't possible. But whether you beat it or it beats you, youcan't not play this game."
76561198123840870,Recommended,420530,30585276,Posted: 18 March,all,VideoDog123,"This is my kind of game, funny, 4th wall breaking, uuuuh, other things. Is good game, all I can say."
76561198048806682,Recommended,420530,30586550,Posted: 18 March,all,Boeboe,"One of the best game i played in few years, it is for sure worth the money even when its not on sale."
76561198021534145,Recommended,420530,30562357,Posted: 16 March,all,[iB] Talash Hakai,"When I first saw this game, I thought ""This seems to be an easy game and very fun to play. I'll pick it up."" Well I was right about those, however I did not realize how attached I would become to NIko. The story is that you follow Niko as a god and lead him as your Messiah to restore the sun to the decaying world. You have to make choices in this 4th wall-breaking puzzle game, and those choices will affect Niko as you help him along, but will it be enough to save this decaying world and Niko?Pros:- Enchanting story and environments!- Each and every character you come across and talk to has their own personalities and mindsets about Niko and you saving the world.- Each track for every area/enviroment fits it well and makes those areas come more alive.- A grim backstory.- A cat child named Niko!- Choices that will affect how Niko sees you- Replay! You can play this game over and over again and have different dialouge each time.Cons:- It felt like it was a bit too short. I feel like they could have expanded the game and it would haven't hurt it any.- WHY WOULDN'T THE DEVELOPERS JUST PUT IN AN OPTION TO LET ME HUG NIKO?Overall I would rate it 10/10. This is a game that is perfection and makes me actually regret the decisions I make for Niko. I went to a corner, curled up, and cried after the game was over. This game will ethically challenge you to what you think is right."
,Recommended,420530,30501553,Posted: 13 March,all,Para Para,"I highly recommend this game, a work of art and a game style that's practically new. I love it."
,Recommended,420530,30499893,Posted: 13 March,all,RustyMongoose,"Fun characters, interesting mechanics. I like how it interfaces with your computer.________ is your best friend.9/10"
76561198007150424,Recommended,420530,30646614,Posted: 20 March,all,end_game_13,Short but lovely game
,Recommended,420530,30648002,Posted: 21 March,all,Zoruea,"If you enjoy a game with a meaningful story and intresting outside the box puzzles, give oneshot a try. I haven't played a game like this before and i'm not sure I will find many more like it."
76561198262360415,Recommended,420530,30647507,Posted: 20 March,all,rem-was-a-girl,"OneShot is a beautiful and unique game that had me hooked the second I first saw Niko. While it does remind me of games like OFF, Undertale, etc, OneShot stands very strong on its own. It has the perfect balance of motivation to help Niko complete his quest as well as mystery that makes you want to explore everything the game has to offer. Not to mention the music and the visuals are so amazing.While the game is a bit short, I see this as good thing rather than bad. I personally hate it when a game feels like its dragging on/its taking me ages just to progress as that's one of the easiest ways to make me not want to play it anymore. OneShot, on the other hand, is paced very well. I also got caught up at a few puzzles here and there, but that was more of the fault of my overlooking of the environment rather than of the game itself XD.There's not much more I can say without spoiling anything lol but overall OneShot is definitely worth a shot. I really enjoyed it and would love to see more games that are as creative and unique as this in the future."
,Recommended,420530,30653194,Posted: 21 March,all,Vanine,"Let me just start off by saying this game is definitely a memorbale one. I got it about a day ago and wasn't really expecting much to be honest, my initial assumption was that it was going to be a standard indie RPG game but damn was I WRONG. It's very rare for any RPG game or for any type of game for the matter where it creates such a unique bond between you and the main character (in this case, Niko). Before you even realize it, you'll start to actually care for Niko and it really adds to the experience. Not to mention how this game constantly interacts with you and the PC which really makes you feel like you're apart of the game and that the choices you make really will matter.There are indeed a few tricky stages and points in the game but no worries as there are plenty of guides online to help you out!All in all that is what I have to say for OneShot. It's definitely going to be one of my all time fav games for sure and it's one of the only games that ever managed to make me love the main character so much. This is game that truly reflects on your decisions and it'll question your thoughts as a person. Highly recommend getting it even if it's not on sale as I believe the devs deserve it for creating such a gem."
76561198045628446,Recommended,420530,30693837,Posted: 23 March,all,sirspangle,"This game was an emotional rollercoaster, it may be a little confusing at times but this game will take you for a ride. I could not reccomend it any more than I do. It was happy, sad, left me with more questions than answers but it worth every second of play."
,Recommended,420530,30681122,Posted: 23 March,all,caskidmore,"To start, this review will contain spoilers! However, these will be clearly marked, so feel free to read and skip over these parts if you haven't played.Overall, this game was pretty good. However, I wouldn't say it was amazing, mostly a lot of the puzzles felt like meaningless busywork. I'd still recommend it because I enjoyed it, especially towards the end, but I do have a few criticisms.Pros:-Great art.-The world felt well-planned and intentional, and the characters were good (not Undertale-good in terms of personality, but still good).-The music is wonderful.-The ending sequence was both unexpected and interesting.-The breaking of the fourth wall (both style and degree) in this game is something that you won't find in many (or any) other games.Cons:-As mentioned above, many if not most of the puzzles are just tedious busywork, searching a large world for a specific item which is easy to use once you have it, but you might have to scour every room for it.-Because of the number of times one needs to cross each area, sometimes the music and art can become a bit tedious. (I'm looking at you, Barrens!)-After reading the description again it seems this is intentional, but it is very easy to finish the game while having a lot of leftover items and unresolved parts of the story. Because of the style of puzzles, as soon as I had access to the tower I didn't have much motivation to keep looking around for more items and story elements.-(SPOILER) The ending you get is determined entirely by a single choice you make at the end, making the rest of the game feel far less meaningful and definitely diminishing replay value. There is no entirely good ending, only one relatively good one, one slightly worse one, and one definitely bad one.So in summary, I'd recommend it for sure, though I think it is far from being a perfect game and could be improved. I'll definitely be looking out for anything new from these developers, as it is their first release, so I have high hopes that their next game will be very good.EDIT: Just a couple of hours after writing this review, I've done some thinking and looking, and I've realized that this game is far more deep than I ever realized. It is definitely worth playing through again, as there will be some differences each time around. In addition, it seems that (SPOILERish) many of the unresolved plot points will be resolved at the end of this week.In all, I'd bump my rating up from about a 6/10 to an 8/10, to potentially increase in time."
,Recommended,420530,30692696,Posted: 23 March,all,CPPCS,"Absolutely phenomenal game. The way it interacts with you outside of the game world is really something unique, and the story is compelling even without this element. The soundtrack is pretty good, some tracks are fairly repetitive but others are very striking.All in all, I am really happy with this game and can 100% recommend it, even just for the cuteness of the MC!"
76561198210891656,Recommended,420530,30705781,Posted: 24 March,all,|VsE| Royalsmith,"WHAT I LIKEDI really liked the story and the lore of this game, the ""interactions"" with the ""real world"" were great and the pixel art was nice, too. Also I didn't understand some of the puzzles, which makes this game a bit harder.The choice you make at the end..WHAT I DISLIKEDSome achievements are really hard to get if you don't have much time (like the OneShot achievement) and the lenght of the game, oh boy, if you wanna do a single playtrough and get some achievements, it will only be about 5-7 hours of gameplay.No combat system at all, you can't fight. It's not that I always want to fight or kill something but uh..It's a bit boring without an end boss fight.7.3/10; Would buy a sequel."
,Recommended,420530,30689491,Posted: 23 March,all,Ty Browntail,"if you've never heard of this game, you need to buy it.  now.  this game is amazing and well worth the asking price; don't let the simple look of it discourage you."
,Recommended,420530,30691414,Posted: 23 March,all,Mooshire,"Quite different, in a good way."
,Recommended,420530,30740119,Posted: 25 March,all,Fancy Horse,10/10 Would be emotionally scarred again.
,Recommended,420530,30758337,Posted: 26 March,all,claymario,"Oneshot is a remarkable game that I could not recommend more, It is one of the only games I have played thatmesses with your computer to allow further progression in a way that is unique. I picked this game up after a little bit of debating and while it was a short experience, it was emotionally impacting. If you like a good story, I would definitely recommend this game."
,Recommended,420530,28939361,Posted: 2 January,all,NaeSquare,"Well, I want to take my time to rewrite a review about this game.Oneshot would probably be the ""Undertale carbon copy"" on the first sight since the mention of 4th wall comcept. True, it might be, but if you get to play it till the end with- ehemthe Solstice update and the 2 other endings, you would see that it is far beyond it.The things that you have to dooutside the program itselfwere easy-to-do instructions and it what made me fall in love with this game. I dont know if other games had done this already, but Oneshot is the most unique rpg game i have ever played. The main character, Niko, was lovable and you could really ""feel"" him. As if he was your lost son or something. I also love the other characters but the bond that I with Niko is nothing compared to what I have for the others. Sometimes though, you would feel bad if something happened to these ""other"" characters.Overall, I would recommend this game because it literally blew my mind. Also, dont worry if the puzzles are 'challenging', you would be able to understand it soon :D"
,Recommended,420530,30961553,Posted: 5 April,all,Stephen Lightning,Beautiful. Just get it. You won't regret it.
76561198168028306,Recommended,420530,30961761,Posted: 5 April,all,MYQ,After playing for about 30 mins.I find this game really interesting and it give me a feeling that i owe the developers more.Great Game.
,Recommended,420530,30852578,Posted: 31 March,all,Lia,"I've known OneShot since it was originally made for an Indie Game Maker Contest (but never took the chance to play it, till now) Having to finally played OneShot in it's fullest & greater form, I would say I am quite content. Not going into too much detail, it's understandable for players (such as myself) after having played the game (including the Bonus Chapter) to feel a bit unsatisfied.Regarding to the story and setting; it makes sense that the world was small & that there wouldn't be much time for Niko to bond with each and every character, nor enough time for players to feel as attached or really ‘care’ about them. Basically the game felt a bit short, but I also think that’s what makes the game so charming and intriguing, that it makes you wanting ‘more’! (Especially since there are still some minor questions unanswered. I really do like the characters, but I wished I spent more time with them that doesn’t only focuses on building the world & lore, BUT I also liked that too...)I should also mention that the soundtrack is very pleasant to listen to! (it’ll sadly & inevitably go unappreciated, since you’ll spend such a short time in each area)And I absolutely LOVED the puzzles, OneShot in so many occasions reminded me on how much I love puzzles! They were very enjoyable & honestly one of the best factors of the game!And it should go without saying that the artworks in the game is stunning! (it continues to be a reminds that Night is indeed a role model. I especially love how Niko displays a few new expressions in the Bonus Chapter, it’s a breath of fresh air! INCLUDING THE NEW SOUNDTRACK!)For anyone who’re thinking about picking up OneShot, it should already be known (not just for games, but for any media!)That you shouldn’t go in and carry high expectations.I still highly recommend going through OneShot, but never with any high expectations, but overall have fun! (OneShot is such a treat to experience!)Though, part of the reason why I didn't feel as content as I hoped, was because of the bugs I've experiencing throughout the game that continued to bother me (sadly I don't know if there is any way to report any of these bugs that I've experienced) It's a bit disappointing that it had to hinder my experience a fair bit, I would've liked to experience the game in it’s full glory…(I don’t know where to mention any of the bugs I’ve experienced, so I’ll list them down below;SPOILERS ARE INCLUDED)On my first playthrough; when I entered into the Tower’s Summit, the room was completely black. I thought this was intentional, since the cut scene had the entire room to also look pitched black (though, I thought it was rather strange that you could trigger dialogue when interacting with the invisible walls… and how the characters keep mentioning how the inside of the Summit looked like, However in my second playthrough I got to finally see what the Summit looked like, I did recalled that therewerevisuals inside the Summit in the first build of the game, and found it rather strange to find nothing in the final game)On my first playthrough; when I first entered into the Outpost in the Barrens, I tried to examine the Map and a black screen appeared for me. I immediately knew it wasn’t intended and decided to reload the area by going into a different room & returning into the first room, and it finally made the map to appear. This happened to meAgainon my second playthrough.I saw online that there was a cutscene with Silver holds up a lamp.. but I’ve NEVER encountered that cutscene in my gameplay, so I thought it was strange… (unless you had to trigger it or complete certain tasks in a ‘specific order’... There is no telling if I missed out more than one cutscene;;;)Throughout in the game, every character’s background portrait has been transparent, except for two characters (I can’t tell if this was intended or if it’s because these characters are not seen significant in the story) These characters are (they don’t have a name but you know the one) character in the Cafe and the character who trades good in The Glen.These are the bugs I could recall, it’d be nice to replay OneShot without encountering any issues..."
,Recommended,420530,30950741,Posted: 4 April,all,CreativeName,one of my all time favorites now on steam.
,Recommended,420530,30950716,Posted: 4 April,all,Glue Eater,"This game is great, it has everything a gamer could want! Lovable characters many endings and a computer that knows you exist and will scare the living♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you! I'd recomend this game to anyone on break right now to just play in there free time. The only problem that I have with the gameIs that the ""true ending"" felt sorta rushed and I feel as if much more could have been added for a better session."
76561198123410178,Recommended,420530,30950744,Posted: 4 April,all,Shaccyoi,It's just awesome.probably my favourite game up to now in my life.just the way it interacts with you as the person sitting in front of a screen is so damn cool!to me it was worth every cent.
,Recommended,420530,30950527,Posted: 4 April,all,Deusolus,"A wonderfully colorful, fun and vibrant gem of a game. Incredibly interesting characters and settings make Oneshot a fantastically charming game. Very, VERY well done. Would absolutely recommend."
,Recommended,420530,30960567,Posted: 5 April,all,AlainTC,I have never had a game break my heart and make me so happy at the same time in such a long time.
,Recommended,420530,30861145,Posted: 31 March,all,Siber Wolf (Oats),This game hit me in the feels. The story building is great and the whole idea of the game is briliant. The only negative I have for it is some things are hard to find navigation wise. Otherwise amazing
76561198173526778,Recommended,420530,30861146,Posted: 31 March,all,therandomc64 #WhatIsLove,"This... is utterly beautiful.No game has ever made me cry to this degree.It's puzzles were ingenious and something i have never seen done before.The characters had personality, even if you didn't know them for long enough.The ending gave me a choice that i could barely bring myself to make.I actually felt such a sense of care toward Niko that I felt like a parent.This game made me contemplate why I am even doing what I am doing.Finally, the Solstice chapter... Had the emotional strength that those bloody onion ninjas could never replicate.I am still fighting back the tears.I am not going to spoil a thing.Buy this game.Play this game.Have a huge existential crisis.Remember its impact as long as you live."
76561198041183864,Recommended,420530,30861094,Posted: 31 March,all,NaomiLuvU,so short but so worth it.the puzzles are very clever and i had to look up a walk through twice but still so worth it.it makes you really feel for niko and everything he has to go through.110% recommend!
,Recommended,420530,30861853,Posted: 31 March,all,smeredith,"OneShot is an adventure game, where you guide the cute little (not-a-cat) child through a dying world, and make some friends and some tough choices.  The fourth wall is very flimsy, which makes for a very different tale than similar adventure games.Both keyboard and Steam controller worked well for controlling the game.In-game gameplay uses typical item combination puzzles, fetch quests, and a few logic puzzles.  Where it gets interesting is in sections where the fourth wall breaks down.  It's definitely good to know how to navigate through Windows explorer.Graphics fit well, each area looks unique.  It looks dark, especially early in the game, but that fits well with the story and adds a bit of spookiness to the environment.It's strongly recommended by both the game itself and me that it is played in Windowed mode.  This may be a little hard for people with very large resolutions, but it was fine at 1920x1080.Music and sound is excellent.  The music has a bit of a haunted feel, also very fitting for the environment.The recent update, Solstice, adds a new ending which can be played on ""new game plus"", but only once.  It gives a very satisfying ending to the story.  You are still able to get the other two endings, and all the achievements, after doing Solstice, but not get the Solstice ending again.  The only way to get around the single play limitation of the Solstice update currently is to turn off Steam Cloud saving, and manually deleting the saves and settings files in your Roaming AppData.Overall, I strongly recommend purchasing and playing through OneShot."
76561198259972735,Recommended,420530,30862360,Posted: 31 March,all,FemaleMarki,I normally dont write reviews but this game is the best game i have played in i dont know how long. The graphics are amazing and the story is too.
76561198144714879,Recommended,420530,30858910,Posted: 31 March,all,xishikonnotamaix,One of the best games i've played. definitily recommend
,Recommended,420530,30943300,Posted: 4 April,all,lrgrad1,gave me chills multiple times. great game
,Recommended,420530,30943027,Posted: 4 April,all,Mattthemoosen,"I am so in love with this game. 10/10. the story is amazing, and the way they excuited everything is just perfect. One of my favorite things about this game is how much more interactive it is. Sure its a pixled rpg game, but the way they made it to where files just appear and things change on your computer is just amazing. I would highly recomend playing this game!"
76561198081468080,Recommended,420530,30931675,Posted: 3 April,all,Levos,This game has pancakes.I love pancakes.Great pancakes.The best pancakes.Sexy pancakes!Pancakes!!!!Mmmm pancakes...oh and pancakes.Did I mention the pancakes?I love pancakes.This game has pancakes.I love this game! (and pancakes)
,Recommended,420530,30731839,Posted: 25 March,all,Mirus,"SO awesome! I was literally shaking after finishing it. Well... ""finishing"".The way game interacts with player is just mindblowing.And the story is really touching.Honestly, i don't know what to say... Just get it and play!"
,Recommended,420530,30743653,Posted: 25 March,all,ChocolateReyn,"This game touched me in ways I didn't think a game could.  I truly felt immersed. I cared for the main character, Niko. I was invested in the plot. I got chills from this game. I got goosebumps and everything. Seriously, play the game if you can. It's 100% worth it."
76561198065409040,Recommended,420530,30739185,Posted: 25 March,all,The Jakenator,"I have never written a review for any game on Steam, I usually just enjoy the game and move on... but this game connected to me on a personal level, so it only felt right to write a review about it.Allow me to say that first off, this game is fantastic. Everything from the worldbuilding, to the characters, to the art, and the music. These guys have created a genuinely unique and interesting world and story, that you can't help but wonder about; that sense of wonder strives you to find out more about it. And there's no evil monsters chasing after you or some silly time limit, so you can explore the world at your own pace.And then there's Niko...I've never cared about a protagonist in a video game as much as I did for her (him?) Your role in OneShot as the ""God,"" allows you to talk to them at certain points during your journey, whether they're asking for guidance, or simply wanting to get to know you better, like you were truely talking to someone you care about.It only made it that much more painful for me once I reached the end...I wish I could explain the reasoning behind why this game affected me so, but I fear that in doing so I'll be spoiling key moments in the story for others. I've been through... several hardships in my life, so you may not feel the same as I, but that's all I'll say. For now, you'll just have to decide for yourself.It's such a great game, and it's worth every penny, so do yourself a favor and pick it up, and experience the game for yourself."
76561198310671026,Recommended,420530,30749638,Posted: 26 March,all,BobbyBrohan3421/Slonkey,GG
76561198008578591,Recommended,420530,30772728,Posted: 27 March,all,Davidius (Suspected Badger),"A lovable protagonist, a world to explore , a light bulb ,bundled with a bit of puzzle solving that is just good enough to keep you going.But then it gets Even better!It expands your view on it and the world making you ask questions like:Just how much of an effect do I really have here?Can I really do what I set out to do in the first place?What is ""Tame""?I loved it!SkyNet / 10"
76561198058817861,Recommended,420530,30772666,Posted: 27 March,all,Garamoth,"Pretty cool, think-outside-the-box (literally) adventure game. It's also one of those ""the less said about it, the better"" games and it's 5-6 hours long, so go on, jump in!A recent patch solved the only issue I had with the game, but the less said about ""that"" as well, the better."
76561198263173837,Recommended,420530,30767249,Posted: 26 March,all,Emulare11,"Graphically simple, but adds an element of gameplay I've never seen before. Well worth about 20 hours of your time!P.S., any more information would be a spoiler..."
,Recommended,420530,30767268,Posted: 26 March,all,Cerberus,"I've played through the game a few times and it's by far my favourite game, it's one of the few games that actually had me balling my eyes out, its a fantastic game and i think everyone should experience this."
,Recommended,420530,30746982,Posted: 26 March,all,TheSlorg,"OneShot is deceiving in its initial simplicity. The gameplay is very basic. You move around, interact with things, occasionally pick up items, and combine and/or use those items in the right places to solve puzzles. Very straightforward.However, the game is much more than that. For one, the story is unique, and is on par with games like Undertale in the likeability of the characters. Don't be surprised if you grow quite attached to them in the short time you will spend with them—with the exception of one: You. You are a character within the story, and the other characters know of your existence.The game can be beaten rather quickly once you know what you're doing, but the story makes it worth it, and this is also one of those games that doesn't truly end after the game's 'end.' Once you know what to do, the game can be continued and played through many times... each time advancing the real story forward little by little.A game that can be beaten in a half hour or so, but I've thus far racked up 12 hours and still haven't seen all there is to see. Give it a try.UPDATE: 17.5 hours in and I finally have the true ending. This is a game you play for the story, and I congratulate the developer on succeeding in getting me to care about the characters enough in such short playthroughs that I wanted to restart the game and see more, time and time again until it finally led me to this true ending. Definitely worth my time."
,Recommended,420530,30766153,Posted: 26 March,all,dog,"The creative mechanics won me over, and while I will not detail what said mechanics were due to spoilers, I will say that the devs quite literally thought outside the box. Very, very literally.However, I did find it unfortunate how limited interractions with the characters were. In a game centred round 'saving the world', a lot of emphasis should be put into making the world one you want to save. Not to say the characters weren't good, just that more content wouldnt have hurt.Well worth 10 dollars. It isn't the longest game, but in terms of enjoyment per hour, it's worth it.edit: the new patch was amazing, all the more reason to get the game."
,Recommended,420530,30770425,Posted: 27 March,all,igneux,"This story is a masterpiece, It doesn't matter how you came here, you should live this experiencie.It isn't too long and it doesn't cost too much money.So, just play OneShot, without know nothing about it, don't browse on internet nothing or ask anyone who had play this game. Because in the end, this is one of those pieces of the life that are too worth living, too just  ruin it."
76561198141681626,Recommended,420530,30768105,Posted: 27 March,all,tomlies,"A vibrant world, the most endearing main character you'll ever meet, decent exploration elements, and intriguing gameplay mechanics made it a joy to play. The ending, which though I praise for being a powerful climax, didn't give me closure. OneShot felt like it was leading up to something much bigger, and the ending didn't satisfy that criteria.As much as I hate to say it, before yesterday's patch, OneShot didn't feel complete, despite my love for it.The Solstice update fixed that. With at least an extra hour worth of content, it polishes the game. Though I wish we had more character development on part of the supporting cast, the update completes the narrative with a whammy of a touching ending. I'd be lying if I said I wasn't reduced to tears.The art compliments the story well, using its pixel graphics to acheive a surprisingly pretty and unique aesthetic. There are a few cutscenes which use more detailed illustrations that are jaw-droppingly beautiful, though that's for you to decide. During communication between characters, portraits depict their emotions. I really enjoy the aesthetic, but it's not for everyone. Besides, the art isn't meant to be the star of the show.OneShot's soundtrack is absolutely brilliant. The music pefectly creates the moods the creators of the game were going for. At times solemn and mellow, and others, convincingly dangerous and heart-quickening. Rarely does it capture a happier mood, but when it does, it's chipper and a delight to listen to.It's good enough that it's a definite must buy, since after the solstice update, the game doesn't allow you to replay the game just to veg out on its music ;_;Iif you aren't a fan of games that are less combat and gameplay oreinted and are mostly mediums of narrative, be warned that there is absolutely no combat. If you're familiar with any rpgmaker horror games, it's in the same vein. To continue the story, you gather and utilize items and problem solve. Occasionally, though some may think it gimmicky, it forces you to tinker with the gamefiles to progress, which, needless to say, is pretty  ****ing cool. People think OneShot to be similar to Undertale, but definitely not in terms of gameplay. Controls are extremely basic. Z and X on the keyboard to confirm/interact and cancel respectively. Arrow keys to move only in the four basic directions. A on the keyboard brings up a menu for quicktravel, settings, and a refresher on controls. S on the keyboard brings up the items menu, wherein combination and equipment of items take place.I find OneShot's narrative remarkable. If you want an idea of what you're getting, I can say little without spoiling it. The main character is extremely endearing and adorable. Even if you find the side characters lacking, Niko is continously entertaining. Some side characters aren't fully fleshed out. The gist of it is, Niko finds him/herself in a different, dying world, finding that she/he's been designated as its messiah. Without a sun, the world's residents rely on phospor for energy and light, but they find supplies are running low. Niko must transport the new sun, an oversized light bulb, to a tower in the distance, where she/he can supposedly save the world. In addition, the odd...anomalies threaten the safety of the world's residents, and Niko knows that you, the player, is guiding him/her. A third party, a character who contacts you often through a computer, also helps you and Niko progress through the story. The summary may sound boring, but the game does so much to make itself more dimensional.Would I recommend this? Hells yeah. It's for a specific demographic; don't pick this up if you get bored of exploration type games or play games only for their gameplay. The narrative is what matters the most. It actually doesn't share much with Undertale, but if you like it for its story, you'll probably love this.Here's a tip. There's a reason why the game is so short. It's so you can ""replay"" it. Have fun."
,Recommended,420530,28394261,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Luc-Plays,"Making a new review due to the new content update coming out as of tonight.Playing the game several times, and even getting all the achievements, I had no idea what to expect for the content update.The game by itself is an awesome with some added areas and puzzles not in the original.The game with the extra content, as I put it on Twitter ""One hell of an experience.""I honestly can't say any more than that as far as the game goes without wanting to go into detail and possibly spoiling the game... however, as some people have said, I admit this game probably had one of the best stories as well as one of the best uses of ""meta"" involving puzzles I have ever seen in a game.Well worth the replay in going in and getting to the new content (you do have to beat the game first to get to the area where you start experiencing the new content though, it's not a simple ""start the game and you instantly experience new content"")Just be prepared though, for the ride of your life on the Feels Express..."
,Recommended,420530,30766682,Posted: 26 March,all,histora,IMMERSION LEVELS UNABLE TO COMPREHEND... *INITIATING H2O TO POUR FROM EYES... I'll never forget this masterpiece.
76561198120819191,Recommended,420530,30768645,Posted: 27 March,all,BloodBirD[TH],"Storystory is around the world that Niko landing in and you need to guide him to the end,the dialog for each character are good but most character,even with headshot,are just NPC(I like that dev add detail for them tho)you'll have a lot of bonding time with Niko,he's the one and only one who got attached to me.I dont mean others are bad but could use more time with them,but there're also more lore about them from what I found in the 2nd playthought,well,I enjoy the elevator guy at least.the story will guide you thought 3 part of the world to reach the tower Barren,Glen and Refuge.each place have interesting point of their own like Barren is a waste land with gas so their're research or factory there.Glen is pretty much country with village and temple and bird cosplayers,I like Glen most.Refuge is a big city which seem too small when you go there yourself,but I dont say it's fault,need to save space for story.and then after you gone thought all that you reach the tower for Ultimate choice!the only one meaning choice too because before there're NO choice that has meaning,it's Super linear or fake choice that make you think it matter but end up the same.this game break 4 wall a lot too,will talk about it more later.As much as Trimint boast about this game is like Undertale but I would said it's shorter and more linear with just 2 ending,nevertheless the game didn't end here at all since there's a countdown room in Refuge that set to end about March of 2017 saying that more will come later in the game so the Story might make a hit again that time,for now it's a good game with unique but fairy decent puzzle and very bonding experience.Edit:after Solstice update♥♥♥♥♥♥got serious and this game can be on par with Undertale,but I like this ending more than Undertale,it's a must play now!9/10Presentationthis game made with RPG Maker XP which is old but this dev team make a very good work with the game,as I said break the 4th wall,the game will make a POP UP message from time to time and each time will make you solve a good puzzle!it's not hard and not very complicate but the way they present this is interesting,basically the game will make file in your PC and you have to dig in and find those file for password,hints etc. that's the best asset of the game.the Music fit atmosphere of world with no light,the only light in this game are from bugs,light pole with batteries and of course,The Sun.with look good and fitting for such simple add in in RPG maker.the Pixels art are really well made,it's a better version of original and more polish,they're also made good wallpaper aswell.the map and tile are what you would expect from RPG maker,but the world most of the part feel bland with unimportant stuff,which make you wanna walk a lot(too much land)good thing they have fast travel.overall,presentation looks to be the strongest asset for this game.Edit:new update present the game in more dimension and actually make you feel,it might not feel very real if you aware it's a game but what the game present which it's RPG maker game make you feel so immerse.8/10PerformanceI could just skip this but there're few bug which need to be fix and are annoying like what I encounter ""window 7 bug""that made me cant finish the game and made me wait for week,but it's done now.so I guess this is about right.9/10Gameplaythis is a puzzle game,what you do is walking,running,combining,finding and puzzling so not much to say but I like the inventory system.Basically you press ""S"" then you can get access into inventory faster than other RPG Maker games.but walking and running speed in some area make me feel,a bit slow.there're no fighting system tho.so as game intended I guess it's about this.Edit:I feel like dropping gamplay a point since the game is just narrating the story,the new update did is forth wall breaking but it's expected from indies game nowaday so nothing surprising,but still good.7/10overall it's a decent short RPG Maker Puzzle game with great world,performance.and it's cheap inb Steam so if you run out of game to play,you could check this outVerdict:8.25/10"
76561198169938146,Recommended,420530,30764603,Posted: 26 March,all,connordavey33,"OneShot has officialy earned the place of my favourite game of all time. Not only was this the first ever game to make me cry for a fictional character, but I also developed such a deep connection to the characters, almost as if I was in the world with them. I love this game and the style that it was developed with. The fourth wall breakage and use of... various other utilities... was amazing and I am debating weather or not to reset the game and play it again and again. If I could give this game a higher rating I would without a second thought."
,Recommended,420530,30766017,Posted: 26 March,all,Fenrir,"Just finished the game (In what feels like the true ending? After the Solstice update) and I have to say this has been hands-down one of my favorite games ever. Unique puzzle mechanics, the right amount of world building (but not too much), and supremely atmospheric storytelling (both literally and environmentally).I love it I love it I love it.Words do not describe it."
,Recommended,420530,30767644,Posted: 27 March,all,Zen,this game is completely highly aware of the fact it is a program. and while it doesn't have any combat to speak of. it makes up for it by presenting some very interesting puzzles that i've never even seen done in a game along with some great story telling and world building. this is an experience in itself. i highly recommmend to people so enjoy story rich games and retro looking games. tip: for the full experience of everything this games has to offer playthrough the game twice.
76561198375298940,Recommended,420530,30768430,Posted: 27 March,all,Nefium,god this game. amazing. words canjnot discribe the story. i was wishing i could shelter the character the whole way through.
76561198107383607,Recommended,420530,30767534,Posted: 27 March,all,SnickerSnacker,"I never played the original OneShot.I watched a LetsPlay.When this came out I didn't expect the new content, I just wanted to see Nico on my on terms.I can honestly say that if you like:-Good Charecters-Interesting Story/World/Lore-A bit of Comedy-Puzzles-And some Nice artworkYou will love OneShot.It is a game that bends the rules of its reality and will push you to keep playing, Even though you only have One shot...You Know what this means, don't you?"
,Recommended,420530,30740633,Posted: 25 March,all,shadowknight6,this game was ♥♥♥♥ING AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!! it was an absolute emotional rollercoaster with great puzzles and an awesome strory. 10/10 without a doubt
76561198000023918,Recommended,420530,30741537,Posted: 25 March,all,dC,"Wow..Just finished the game and blown away.Words can't describe this game. If u are looking for something ""extraordinary"", get this ASAP.Amazing music, amazing graphics, deep philosophy and maybe too deep for young players. I don't know. Just play this..."
,Recommended,420530,30742378,Posted: 25 March,all,QueerBishop,I... i dont know what to say... it has a special way of making you feel for the characters like no other game can...
76561198134763145,Recommended,420530,30735921,Posted: 25 March,all,TheCorruptedRavager,"""This game knows you exsist.""The first time I saw this game was someone livestreaming it. I didn't watch for too long because I thought it was another Undertale close (or something). Some time later I saw it again somewhere and decided to take a look at it.I have to be honest. this might be the best game I've ever played. Right off the bat the game starts talking to you. What's even stranger, it knows your name. I was instantly hooked.First of all, I'm a huge fan of the concept that a game knows you exsist. The ""Literally-think-outside-of-the-box puzzles"" left me astonished. The puzzles are quite tough but are the best puzzles you'll ever see.Next, the music is amazing. Everywhere you go the music influences your emotions and every single soundtrack fits right in to the situation.I like that even a serious game like this has a good sense of humor. All the tension that you experience during key events go away... For a while.But what truly makes this game so good... Is that during your playthrough, you'll start to feel a special connection to Niko, the main character. You want to know more about him and keep him safe. Whenever you quit the game, everything gets dark for Niko. Now I didn't want that to happen and kept playing more and more.The ending though... I think I sat there for at least 5 minutes with Niko just staring at me. I was caught off guard by the sudden change of events.Even though this game's called OneShot, I'm  glad they added the optional reset at the end. Some people might think you actually have only one chance. Trust me, they won't just steal your money.All in all, I highly recommend this game. If you like puzzles and games breaking the 4th wall, then this game is worth your cash.(Obviously my favorite game now)"
76561198300076022,Recommended,420530,30857376,Posted: 31 March,all,Nop,Really good game. Go in as spoiler free as possible so basically just take my word for it.
,Recommended,420530,30652916,Posted: 21 March,all,Oobka,"It's a shortier and simplier than undertale, but still a great game in it's kind."
,Recommended,420530,30668436,Posted: 22 March,all,freespirit,"I... feel like I'm missing something, but I don't know what... This game is wonderful; truly mesmerizing. And I've just ""finished"" the game, but I know there's something missing... And I already miss Niko.Edit: I actually finished it, and just as a reminder: definitely DO play the game in windowed mode; I was a fool to play otherwise. And my final comment: Follow your heart at the end."
,Recommended,420530,30659966,Posted: 21 March,all,Van Damm,"I did not expect much, but this game managed to impress me and develop a strong emotional attachment to the main character.I won't spoil anything, but will give one advice: if you are stuck, try a couple of times more, even close the game and get back to it after some time. Searching a solution on the web should be the last resort as it robs you of a lot of why this game is so enjoyable."
76561197979112370,Recommended,420530,30670816,Posted: 22 March,all,ALWAYS,"Immediately in love with this game. After thoroughly playing Undertale, I am hoping this will become my new addiction. Although only a few hours into the game, I highly recommend grabbing this as the $7 price tag seems well worth. Certaintly a breath of fresh air, with some interesting mechanics I have only ever seen used in one other game (notpr0n)."
76561198145071815,Recommended,420530,29257312,Posted: 14 January,all,MutantFrogs,sadness approaching at an alarming rate...
,Recommended,420530,30676088,Posted: 22 March,all,makica,"WHAT A GAME! Just get it, worth every penny.When I first got it I did not expect much, but it won me over in a matter of minutes.Expect surprises and awesome unconventional mechanics, and expect to spend 10 minutes deciding on what to do, when the time comes.Anything else would be a spoiler. Explore and read everything and talk to everyone. Multiple times. And expect to can't wait to talk to Niko. <3I just can't wait to have time to go through it again and pick up what I've missed.What a game. Deserves so much more visibility and popularity. *bow*"
,Recommended,420530,30672415,Posted: 22 March,all,DJHarmony,"This game is so incredibly strange, while you control the character Niko, you as a player are somehow involved in this story. Every twist and turn makes you think and every decision counts towards some grand objective. All the NPCs you come across are all so cryptic which contrasts Niko's bright-eyed innocence, not to mention the music is really dark and atmospheric. The biggest draw for me is the interaction between you and Niko, it really makes you further appreciate the journey and become attached to Niko, so whenever a decision doesn't work out or in some way affects Niko, you legitimately feel bad. I have never played a game that has gotten me so invested into the story so quickly and easily, overall a really good experience."
76561198020720029,Recommended,420530,30675372,Posted: 22 March,all,The Rarest Temmie,Buy it.
,Recommended,420530,30675405,Posted: 22 March,all,Ass n Tiddies,"I usually dont play games for more than an hour per sitting, i played this one for about 3 hours last night and loved every second of it. I look forward to playing more, i suggest doing so in a dark room with a beverage."
76561198147733367,Recommended,420530,30659574,Posted: 21 March,all,JanawhamBlamiston,"Amazing game. I love the puzzles, which are more creative than in Undertale. Also, it does not have annoying characters. But the true highlight is the immersion and interaction with the main character. Not ashamed to admit that it moved me to tears."
,Recommended,420530,30663590,Posted: 21 March,all,Dustbin,"Great exploration game, very little actual ""gameplay"" though, but great characters and story that tore my emotions to pieces."
76561198032226696,Recommended,420530,30664193,Posted: 21 March,all,Vrom,This is a very good video game. Saying anything would be saying too much. Just do yourself a favor and play it.
,Recommended,420530,30680836,Posted: 22 March,all,Naoto Shirodane,"Pretty solid. Definitely worth the price! Fun story, excellent artwork and music, and some really great characters. And the puzzles were pretty unique too! :)"
,Recommended,420530,30680700,Posted: 22 March,all,Nicolas Rage,Short game that succeeds in making you actually feel like your choices make a difference. Loved the 4th wall breaking puzzels.
,Recommended,420530,30680802,Posted: 22 March,all,esyvin,The only game that I would recommend to play in window mode. Amazing.
,Recommended,420530,30687268,Posted: 23 March,all,h-hewwo? >:3c,This is easily one of the best story-telling games that I've played. It's similar to Undertale in many areas (like 4th wall breaking) and if you've played it before then you will probably like OneShot as well.
,Recommended,420530,30686618,Posted: 23 March,all,FenrirManagarm,I really love this game but it could be even better if it took the position the game puts you more serious. Something like not taken control in converstions. It's a bit hard to make some good examples because i don't whant do spoil but I thing you get the point here.But still. This game is just great.
76561198201708550,Recommended,420530,30713355,Posted: 24 March,all,TheCrimsonFucker,This is one of the best games I've ever played.
76561198161787655,Recommended,420530,30708188,Posted: 24 March,all,YER BOI SOAPSNETCH,Just outright astounding. I have no words other than you must buy this game!
,Recommended,420530,30711845,Posted: 24 March,all,gallowsCalibrator,An amazing little game that gives some unique gameplay elements that are totally rad. I absolutely loved the characters and the endings were just amazing. Oh and there's a freakin Isaac Asimov reference thrown in there. This game was wonderful.
,Recommended,420530,30712626,Posted: 24 March,all,Makøto,"An absoutely well made and beautiful game. The story is excellent, the characters are enjoyable, and the gameplay is equal parts clever and fun. The world the story takes place in has been crafted with great care, and it aids the story well as you guide Niko through the game. I can't stress enough how good this game is, and how well worth it is for the small price.To avoid spoilers, I won't say much else, but Niko's journey through OneShot is one of the best games I've played in a very long time. Please give it a shot."
,Recommended,420530,30841819,Posted: 30 March,all,1marry,"I honestly... didn't expect this game to go in the direction it did. I was expecting the 4th wall gags, but not as litteral mechanics! The characters are so easy to get attached to, the artstyle is gorgeous, and the world building was so well done.And that ""new game"" ending... oh my god.Not only is it worth the money, it has amazing replay value.HINT: Documents/My games/Oneshot"
76561198054969381,Recommended,420530,30841762,Posted: 30 March,all,MAJORmagical,Literally the best 10$ I have ever spent on a game. Absolutely blown away.
,Recommended,420530,28355105,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,I Aten't Dead,"OneShot is a game about life, life that's in a very troubled spot that may not ever recover, but life all the same. Someone very fresh is pulled into a life that's on its way out, one way or another. It's a somewhat light hearted adventure game with the kind of consequences you feel like you'll be dealing with later in some form.In any case, it's a game that has you be as important as a role as the absolutely adorable main character as a majority of the game's puzzles require you to think outside of the box. And I do mean this literally. I won't spoil anymore as it is one of those kinds of games you really need to go into with as little information as possible. It helps that the game is also really short so if you have three hours to kill then you probably can and should finish it all in one sitting for the maximum impact. And speaking of as little information as possible, there's a lot of analysis to be done, though I hope there's enough speculation and information available to accomplish this. We'll see.I can't say I felt myself really drawn into this world though, despite how lively it is I can't say it generated the sort of impact and emotional response that I probably should have gotten. But it did draw me in, to which I'm happy to have given it a play.Recommended at full price since it's only 10 bucks anyways, why not, right?ALSO, to any of you on Windows 7 and higher operating systems are going to need to do something very important: make sure the game file (inside the SteamApps Common folder) and the other very important file which I'm sure you'll figure out how it works when the time is right, are both in compatibility mode for Windows Vista. Otherwise the game will just crash when it should otherwise do something pretty dang cool.Edit for Solstice Update: Well, now the game has a full complete ending! Not to say the original game doesn't have one. Simply play along with the game's desires after finishing the first run and on your second run things will be a little different as long as you know where to go. Anyways I won't spoil more than that. The update does make the game feel a little more complete and is enough to again recommend it at full price."
76561198240936778,Recommended,420530,30847701,Posted: 30 March,all,MoltenTiger,This game is a game that has a perfect bit of everything a game needs and it's so much fun if you like solving puzzles like me
76561198030859499,Recommended,420530,30846180,Posted: 30 March,all,Rigatoni [Olive Garden™],It's good
76561198200130917,Recommended,420530,30847563,Posted: 30 March,all,coopermark43,Really fun and time consuming (goodthing except when you need to do schoolwork xD) defininately worth buying and is really interactive with your computer (doesnt affect anything majorly and reverts anything changed back to original when its no longer needed)
76561198018857706,Recommended,420530,30846885,Posted: 30 March,all,Blinding Tiger,"This is a fairly emotional story packed into a small game. The game itself is short in duration, only taking maybe 5 hours for a two playthroughs. It works by interacting with YOU, identifying you as another character besides Niko. The game goes into your computer, and into your soul. Choices matter kind of, there are some tasks that are like side quests, but overall the game is linear. It is a story of you, a child, machines, and two different worlds. It takes you into different perspectives. This game is a fantastic narrative and I would highly recommend that anyone play it."
,Recommended,420530,30823389,Posted: 29 March,all,Pietoro,"A short, bittersweet game with some very creative mechanics, and a surprisingly gripping story (playing through it once unlocks the continuing plot for your second go around).Worth playing!"
76561198079646410,Recommended,420530,30827658,Posted: 29 March,all,Dragon Boy,"I usually don't play RPG games like this. I usually play track, and open world racing games, and shooting games. But wow... Amazing! This is actually the very first RPG game in my library. I've seen walk throughs of this game, and it got my attention. So I wanted to give it a go. I like how Niko, the main character you play as, and help out, breaks the fourth wall. He will talk to you at times. You are his god. Definitely recommend this!-------------------------------------------------------------------------------The ending though... Oh my God... It's something you have to find out for yourself. I cannot spoil it, but I'll tell you just this... It has two (2) endings."
76561198274348798,Recommended,420530,30843840,Posted: 30 March,all,mk_mckerlie21,Played this loved it so MUCH!!!!! PLAYED IT!!!!!
76561198094017080,Recommended,420530,30843179,Posted: 30 March,all,Middle Twix,i have truly never felt so emotionally involved in a video game world where i am constantly thinking about it even when i finished and got the truest ending. GET IT NOW!
,Recommended,420530,30843512,Posted: 30 March,all,Cass,Honestly this might be the best game I've ever played. It takes you on a roller-coaster of emotions and i never want to get off
,Recommended,420530,30844779,Posted: 30 March,all,Parking Lot,"I mean, it's one of the highest rated games on steam for a reason. OneShot is easily one of the best games i've played. This game does a great job forming a connection with the characters, including the protagonist, and i haven't seen that in many puzzle games like this. the story is incredible as well, easily the best story i've seen in a puzzle game. The gameplay is really unique, and i was very impressed with how it worked. When i saw the game was best played in windowed i wasn't sure about it due to how fullscreen is normally best, but it far surpassed my expectations. I would highly suggest this game to anyone with a good taste in content."
76561198124684954,Recommended,420530,30844875,Posted: 30 March,all,His stupidity,"I cannot say enough good things about this game. There are too many things to say. the art is wonderful, the environment is stellar, the 4th wall was straight up destroyed, and the characters are unforgettable and it is so interesting to see how it functions and reacts to your actions. I would say this is perhaps a step up from Undertale, another wonderful adventure game, but the choices are much more limited in UT than this game. It is fully woth the $10. No question."
,Recommended,420530,30844884,Posted: 30 March,all,TheAquaBear,"When I first saw this game I honestly didn't expect much, but I wanted to give it a shot to see what it was like so I bought it... I honestly have never seen a game not just break but completely obliterate the 4th wall. To any of you who enjoy a good game with a great concept. Buy. This. Game. It's worth every penny."
,Recommended,420530,30828841,Posted: 30 March,all,bark,"Puzzle game that will make you think. Emotional thriller, worth $10 for those that enjoy games for their story."
76561198060471776,Recommended,420530,30866991,Posted: 31 March,all,Tyq,"Holy moly please... Dev please make more games like this.. I actually cried at least 8 times.  Play this game, just do it..  There's only one chance you get and this is it.  Please.."
76561198082442919,Recommended,420530,30867069,Posted: 31 March,all,loser ladyface,Ooph...Muh Feels.
,Recommended,420530,30868683,Posted: 31 March,all,Lexie,"One of the best games i've ever played. Really plays on your emotions, and gameplay is just all around awesome and unique."
76561197995344852,Recommended,420530,30840664,Posted: 30 March,all,wshatparty,"A unique, beautiful oldschool graphic game which captures with its emotional investment, narrative, and character depth.  If you enjoy artistic games, good narratives, and decision making perhaps you should consider this one. Game play more  a kin to older point and click adventure  puzzle games. Warning Price to cost ration only equals out if your aiming for all endings. Aiming for only one ending with probably equal your first play through on steam sale. From my perspective Niko is one of the best protagonists I have seen in gaming, and I’ve been doing it for a long time.  Also a game opted for the peace reward as there is little to know violence or negative language.Pros:Beautiful old school pixel graphics.Great CharactersUnique Game Play mechanics.Point and Click puzzles make genuine sense.Good sense of exploring.Great Atmosphere.Wonderful Music.Advanced puzzles can teach non computer literate some  advanced computer literacy.Niko is a Genuine great protagonistGood and difficult decision making which matters.A  refreshing “nonviolent”, not to say that there is not conflict or peril as there is in more deal that most other games in the literary sense. Also little to no foul language.Good Multiple Endings with Weight that don't cut you short for dumb reasons.NikoBest ending credits since Dark SoulsPraise the Sun!Nyroooom!Warning! High Dosage of Kawaii Desu!Cons:Full price is only equal to for multiple playthroughs based on Hour per dollar ratio.  So more so on the buy  on sale side of the spectrum if you are only going to do one playthrough.Fourth Wall Breaking is not for the faint of heart.Slow Paced  for those who like to get into some action.A “nonviolent” game, so you will find little of that here if that is what you are looking for.Point and Click Puzzles are the easier side of the spectrum.Advanced puzzles: Can be difficult for the non-computer illiterate.Warning! High Dosage of Kawaii Desu! Can lead to moments of madness, crying and gut wrenching self-trauma and guilt.Plot explanation and additional endings can only be revealed through multiple playthroughs.Messes with your saves and leads to eventual game lockout requiring additional work if you want to start from scratch.Note: I’ve seen many compare this game to Undertale. It is not Undertale. The only things they have in common is that they are both unique individual games.  Both: AlsoMesses with your saves and leads to eventual game lockout requiring additional work if you want to start from scratch.That is it, not like Undertale at all if your trying to find it you will not find it here.For kids: from where I stand Game is great for youth, with good characters that matter and teach lessons, have good ethics and morality. No fighting or violence or foul language. Might need to discuss some high emotinal plot elements, tough decisions, or help with  advanced puzzles."
,Recommended,420530,30761417,Posted: 26 March,all,Kihana,"I'm no good at leaving reviews to be honest, so this is going to be the shortest one ever probably butif you like a game that keeps your mind thinking, keeps you company no doubt, and directly likes to screw with you, and make you laugh or cry, you need to try this game out then.Give it a shot cause you'll only get one <3"
76561198139225535,Recommended,420530,30761320,Posted: 26 March,all,KitCat223,♥♥♥♥ing great
76561198049403387,Recommended,420530,30762494,Posted: 26 March,all,r1ck12321,"I love this game, it is really well made.It is hard to find a game that gets you really care for the character, im only sad about the ending i would like to end in other way, i ended the game late at night and it was the worst time to end a game like this, because it can really touch you, and if the night is melancholic by itself imagine ending a game like this with it.I Highly recomend this game"
,Recommended,420530,30762010,Posted: 26 March,all,Vinnch,"I did not expect a game like this when I first bought it. I thought it was just another RPG maker game with a nice story like To The Moon, but the mechanics of the game, the story telling, its just amazing and unique then it hits you hard in the feelings with the story line. Words can't fully describe the experience. Just buy it and try it yourself!"
76561198347969600,Recommended,420530,30755806,Posted: 26 March,all,ProudMuggle,OneSot is a blast! I got so invested in the world and the characters that I got emotional throughout various points in the game. I love it to pieces!
76561198136627896,Recommended,420530,30760835,Posted: 26 March,all,Lolaa,"I heard about this game and didn't think much about it, but seriously, play it! You won't regret it."
76561198002585134,Recommended,420530,30764115,Posted: 26 March,all,Marcus Antonius,"Game's not very long but very engaging. Puzzles are fairly easy but the story keeps you going. Some of the mechanics are quite creative, best if you don't read too much about them to keep the element of surprise."
,Recommended,420530,29643717,Posted: 1 February,all,Taiolu,"One shot is a very charming, however short game. It has no combat system, and with such a game like this that's a good thing. Instead it's a puzzle solving game, with a story that let's itself be known to you. By that, let's itself be known to *YOU*. With a story about saving a dying world, a dying world that we don't know can be saved. When it's over, deleting the save starts different dialog. On this different dialog, the game counts down to a patch coming on march 20th 2017, it will add content instead of just a bug fix.For 10 bucks I can reccomend it to a chunk of differt 'types' on the internet, not only does it have a well designed world. But it gives choices of morality, puzzles with a proper difficulty curve, quality characters without pandering to specific demographics and most of all what I liked the atmosphereic ost.If you liked how Flowey was handled in Undertale, get this game. However if you want combat, look elsewhere.Edit: Recently a proper newgame+ was added, instead of the shallow one before hand. Have fun!"
76561197971069215,Recommended,420530,30763768,Posted: 26 March,all,To Boldly Go,"I won't include any SPOILERS in this review, but I will include a few TIPS for new players (so you don't need to use a walk through).  If this sounds like you, read on!OneShot is a game unlike any other I have ever played.  The basics of the game are you play as Niko exploring the world in isometric and side-profile fashion, looking for clues, and solving puzzles.  The UNIQUE aspect of this game is that is breaks down the fourth wall - the wall between the game and your life.  TIPS:  The first time the wall is broken you should be able to figure out the solution on your own.  HOWEVER.  Later in the game, there is a puzzle that requires you accessing the game's Steam folder, rather than the folder you previously accessed to solve the first out-of-game puzzle.  I never would have guessed this in a million years so I consulted a walkthrough.  You might have to as well (which doesn't detract from the game at all) but let me just say that the file you want is an EXECUTABLE (.exe) file in the game folder shaped like a clover leaf.Whether you use a walkthrough like I did or muddle through on your own, OneShot is an experience you will never forget.  I recommend this game to EVERYONE, whether you like this style of game or not, whether you like the artwork and screenshots or not.  This game TRULY goes ""above and beyond""."
,Recommended,420530,30768057,Posted: 27 March,all,Xbot668,"SOME MINOR SPOILERSThis game is really well made! The art is enjoyable, and Niko is adorable. Once I found out what happens if you close the game at any old point and decide to play it later...well, I'll just say I was a bit more selective about where I stopped. I don't find the music nearly as catchy as other games, but for what it's worth I don't think the music was ever intended to be something that I'll be humming throughout the day. Instead it creates just the right atmosphere for the places you go and the people you will see.I was interested in this game, because I played undertale. However, I wouldn't neccessarily put these two games in the same box. They have similarities such as the art style(I prefer OneShot's art style. Much more pleasent) and 4th wall breaking, but unlike undertale the main character has a voice and a personality. They ask questions, they want to do the right thing, but they also trust you to guide them and make the right choice for them at times. I would definitly recommend this game, but would caution you to make sure you have time to invest before playing. Especially your 1st time through.That's it. 10/10"
,Recommended,420530,29100817,Posted: 7 January,all,commandowalrus9,OneShot is one of the best games I have ever played. If you enjoy video games you should play it.Ad InfinitumEdit: With the solstice update the game has become so much better. Definitly worth it.
76561198156531469,Recommended,420530,30766933,Posted: 26 March,all,BlazeIsFlaredUp,The Best Game i have ever played
,Recommended,420530,28401534,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Prf.ValianceTheQuestorOfAZ,Oneshot is a very very very good. I Really can't say more without ruining this for you.UPDATE: The Solstice Update is one of the best things I've read in gaming. 10/10 this is a gem.
76561198150789257,Recommended,420530,30771776,Posted: 27 March,all,Spookyjboots,"this game was a trip a magnificent trip, also to those who want to play the game again, even tho niko is permantly gone theres a 3rd option on the tile screen a ... press it and the world machine will ask why ur back and if u wanted to play thorugh it again, say yes and he'll rewind a memeory for you"
76561198297998459,Recommended,420530,30779554,Posted: 27 March,all,Red.Exp,"When I first bought OneShot, I didn't know what to expect when the game told me I COULD use Fullscreen, but it's best played without it...They. Were. Right.This game is simply astonishing, and it's the best one i've ever played.You WILL know this game right off the bat, Acknowledges you, and you feel A Importance.The character you play as is someone named Niko, who was sent here without knowing what was in store,The first you will notice is the game wants you to play in Window mode, even though the window is very small.You start to feel A Bond with Niko, and all the other characters featured in the game(I'm not saying their are other characters for you to play as)and that you are The Messiah of this world, for you are the last chance of restoring this worlds light. With A Light bulb.Overall, I think this game uses an Amazing structure that no one has ever experinced before, and I would like to say, bravo to the creators of this game, I loved this game and it's the best one i've played so far.I give this game, A 12/10"
76561198010362687,Recommended,420530,30779681,Posted: 27 March,all,Grim Sheeper,This is not a game for playing. I don't even think of it as a game. This is an experiance that you should allow yourself to go through.And make sure you go back to the big clock on a second pllaythourgh. Always remember the Solstice.
76561198044795674,Recommended,420530,30779621,Posted: 27 March,all,Poodemon,One Word: In♥♥♥♥INGcredible. 10/10
76561198081920906,Recommended,420530,28650135,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Gapi Kokl,"Loved this game. It's a small gem that a friend recommended to me and OH boy did I enjoy playing it.Great story, characters, art, music, puzzles, everything about this game was a blast.If you're a fan of undertale you will for sure enjoy this game as well, best to play it blind.Also the main characters favorite food are pancakes.PANCAKES10/10Edit: The Solstice update made it even better, HOW CAN I HOLD ALL THESE FEELS?This game is truly amazing"
,Recommended,420530,30778187,Posted: 27 March,all,Timo★,"A nice little meta-narrative adventure game. Though I feel like the setting could have allowed more things to be done.The meta ""puzzles"" are a bit too simple for my likings as I found only one to be like an actual puzzle, maybe the developers didn't want to make anyone feel left out just because they aren't good enough with PCs.Also feels like there could have been more interraction between YOU and the world, you're really just playing a normal RPG for the most part, bit of a waste if you ask me but this must have been hard enough to put together as it is now. Especially with RPG maker.The narrative is well made though and I found the concept to be cool, the new patch ties everything together nicely.For it's shortcomings it's still an interesting exploration of some meta-narration stuff, so if you're interested in that, sure."
,Recommended,420530,30775143,Posted: 27 March,all,Ｃold • Ｒain,"Goodbye, Niko.https://youtu.be/R3YZmpPKr8U"
,Recommended,420530,30776726,Posted: 27 March,all,Mojma owo,This game is great
,Recommended,420530,30777361,Posted: 27 March,all,Kleaver,The solstice update only makes it even BETTER!
76561197978170861,Recommended,420530,30778935,Posted: 27 March,all,Twillin,Just...just play it :)
,Recommended,420530,30766353,Posted: 26 March,all,Nyxiette,"You can feed a cat pancakes and then watch him have an existential crisis.Seriously though, this game is amazing. 10/10, an absolute must-buy."
,Recommended,420530,30780305,Posted: 27 March,all,Periwinkle,"I'm going to be honest: when I first played this game, I was a little unfulfilled. The story lacked a lot of depth, and although I enjoyed the game I thought that it was incomplete. As of yesterday, there has been a new update released that ties up a lot of the loose ends that were left in the story and overall makes the game feel, well, complete. Now I feel I can unashmedly recommend this game! JUST GO PLAY IT"
76561198259158376,Recommended,420530,30827826,Posted: 29 March,all,Diplomacy,holy♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,420530,30828767,Posted: 30 March,all,Eukalyptis,"I thought it would be another Undertale-esque game, but in short, it was not, and I was very pleased! PLEASE TRY IT"
,Recommended,420530,30829662,Posted: 30 March,all,☭Need more JPEG☭,"This game has plenty of other reviews that are no doubt more helpful. But if you persist, I'll leave you with this. I wasn't ready, and neither are you."
,Recommended,420530,30829952,Posted: 30 March,all,AmauraPond,"When I first found this game, I didn't really expect much of it.  But after completing it, I was absolutely amazed at how the story turned out.  If you haven't heard anything about this game, stop reading the reviews right now and play it!  The less you know about it beforehand, the better.  And honestly, regardless whether you like these types of games or not, it's a beautiful experience that I cannot recommend enough!"
76561198076575206,Recommended,420530,30823290,Posted: 29 March,all,^9FuZion Owl,"I loved this game a ot going through it, i had a blast."
76561198065208231,Recommended,420530,30823356,Posted: 29 March,all,Cap'n Crunch,"Im not crying, you're crying, just somethin in my eye.This game made me feel. Thats it, thats all ya need, it made me feel.I felt for the Characters, like Niko.I felt for the world they builtI felt for the ending (good lord was it good, and I only chose one of the options, to not spoil much)I'd love to see more like this, and if some sorry company wont do it Ill find a way to do it.Overall, one of the best games ive played in a long time. It is VERY worth your time. Its short, its simple (art wise), but all that makes it so much more meaningful"
,Recommended,420530,30823646,Posted: 29 March,all,NullRugGames,"I recently finished up this game for YouTube.I.LOVED.IT.Great art,music, and the ending broke my heart (in a good way)Worth your 10$. BUY IT NOW. (love ya tho :p)"
76561198136212864,Recommended,420530,30823623,Posted: 29 March,all,W O A H,"Though it does seem a bit costly for an RPG maker game, I highly recommend you expirience this yourself, rather than watching someone play it. It is a game without a fourth wall in a sense. It uses pop-ups to convey some messages and requires digging throughout your computer to find certain things. And the fact that you don't play as YOU, is rather interesting. I think it is a one of a kind expirience that hasn't been seen much before. It's story is a good one and even though it is confusing at times, it simply gives you the feeling that you did something good when you finally get through it. All in all, great game, totally recommend you play it yourself."
76561197981596252,Recommended,420530,30786249,Posted: 27 March,all,Zenthar,"Lovable characters and an amazing story, this game really pulled me in and had me really doing everything possible to get Miko through anything thrown at them."
,Recommended,420530,30783604,Posted: 27 March,all,Professor_Ozpin,Do you like to cry? You'll love OneShot. Perfect 5/7
,Recommended,420530,30783423,Posted: 27 March,all,q0099,"It will kick you right in the feelings, pretty much just like theKlonoaonce did.Recommendable!"
76561198206589543,Recommended,420530,30785632,Posted: 27 March,all,Pikachu ¾,This game is amazing. The art style and story made me intrigued me into buying this game. I would play again but like it says. You only have OneShot.
,Recommended,420530,30785596,Posted: 27 March,all,Axel,Kept me hooked for a long time
,Recommended,420530,30785369,Posted: 27 March,all,[DOGS] Knots of Fury,There are literally no words for how amazing this game is.I'm gonna go see what that vault door has on it
76561198255782321,Recommended,420530,30785568,Posted: 27 March,all,Kiattyn,"This game is amazing. It gets better the deeper you go into the game! For awhile I actually forgot I was playing a game. Not only that, it made me become attached to the main character and the world. The characters are very likeable and interesting. The story is amazing too, probably the best part aside from the characters. I can't express how much I love this game."
76561198134350789,Recommended,420530,30789804,Posted: 28 March,all,Captain Turtle,This was an amazing game
76561198370699820,Recommended,420530,30795688,Posted: 28 March,all,iandrodron,This game. THIS GAME! You thought there was a fourth wall? Nope! Doesn't exist! It was so fun though. 10/10 in my book.
76561198033047738,Recommended,420530,30784272,Posted: 27 March,all,gasherin1,Beautiful and intuitive game. Truly an original piece of work!
76561198045945597,Recommended,420530,29321938,Posted: 17 January,all,Stealth Monkey,"This game is great. The art style is very fitting to the surreal enviroment. The pixel art is more like pixel painting, and the characters are all unique. The whole phosphor thing is a cool idea, with phosphor being the only source of light now that there is no sun. The music is fitting; ambient and surreal. The game's puzzles are good, and they even have some Pony Island type of deal ones where youmust go into the games files to find the answer.And after the Solstice,this has become my favorite story game to date. Did what Undertale never did.So, here's my experience with this game:Forced myself to buy this game after seeing that it looked goodPlay itAlmost beat itSomething happened (I don't want to spoil) and I thought I lost the game. Forever.Looked online and found false information that conviced meUninstalled gameWrote a negative reviewHad some people correct me (evidence in the comments)Re-installed gameBeat itLoved itBeat it three more timesAlmost cried at the Solstice endSo get this game."
,Recommended,420530,30782628,Posted: 27 March,all,Foxire,"Sorry this review would spoil the game If I told you the truth, all I will say is, gotta play it, well worth the money. You ready for a feels trip and 4th wall game breaking? This game is for you.Update: Just did the DLC, damnit. Now I got even more feels, imo better then undertale in terms of ending and overall feelgood. If you're reading this and haven't bought it yet, lord have mercy on you for the stuff your missing.Calling it, big and bad newest fandom has just appeared, OneShot Fandom."
76561198227340984,Recommended,420530,28320651,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,MarioSpaghetti9595,This is one the most beautifully made games I've ever played it is story rich and uses innovative gameplay this a game you should play at least once!I finished the new solstice chapter and it was amazing made the game even more epic than before a game this good is a steal at its current price!
76561198174389595,Recommended,420530,30781948,Posted: 27 March,all,It's 12:00,"ONE SHOT IS MY ONE AND ONLY RECOMMENDATION FOR A GAME. IT GOES BEYOND META AND IS MIND BENDING/ BLOWING. IF YOU'RE LOOKING TO QUESTION YOUR SANITY AND EXISTENCE FOR AN HOUR, THEN THIS IS THE GAME FOR YOU."
,Recommended,420530,30783734,Posted: 27 March,all,Frozen Helium,This game... Was the best game I have ever played in my life. I have played alot of games before... but this really touched my heart. I loved everything about it. The story was the best. I Absolutely recommend getting this game. This game is worth the 10 bucks trust me.
,Recommended,420530,30783080,Posted: 27 March,all,prostyle540,"What an Amazing game.You really feel immsersed in the game as you Guide your character Niko in order to save the world. The gameplay is simple and intuitive, but the fourth wall breaking mechanics are innovative, especially in the later sections. Topped with a great soundtrack, you really become invested with the characters, but wow.. That True Ending was so damn powerful..  They never said they would feature cutting onions ;-;"
76561198077540167,Recommended,420530,29347520,Posted: 18 January,all,ftmtsuyoshi,"Being a top-rated game is certainly a two-edged sword: the player is appealed to invest in the game, but at the same time the expectation level on its quality is set very high. In my case, I saw reviews comparing OneShot to Undertale (which is one of the best games I’ve ever played), so it’s easy to figure how hyped I was when I bought this game. And yet, after finishing it, here I am taking the time to say that this game deserves all the praise it’s getting: the soundtrack is great, you actually care for the main character and the world, it’s an awesome example of how a game may break the fourth wall to involve the player...and you learn how hard it is to make choices, even if it is just for a video game.[Solstice update] And I thought this game couldn't get more meta.."
,Recommended,420530,30783314,Posted: 27 March,all,oldbushie,"10/10 would cry like a baby again. This game is absolutely gorgeous, and subverts expectations at every turn. I just finished the True ending. :')"
76561198038994471,Recommended,420530,30783351,Posted: 27 March,all,giftedfox,"Wow, for something that is only over 350 megabytes, this story took me 8 hours to really finish it. It wasn't the most heartwarming story I have ever played and it wasn't the most amazing either. But it was a new experience for me. Something I rarely see in video games nowadays. Breaking the forth wall is easy to do in games and movies, but this game takes it to the whole new level. You really do grow onto some of these characters, even the main one Niko. There are also some pretty neat tricks this game uses too but I kind of wish it used more of the tricks throughout the game.For 10 dollars, this game will change your aspect of the way you look at things in your computer. Unless you are an evil monster that cannot feel emotions."
76561198031580380,Recommended,420530,30783216,Posted: 27 March,all,Mika,"First i dont even know how to start.This game has really suprised me! I saw part 1 of a Let's play and thought it seemed pretty cute and interesstingand so i bought and played it .. and gosh it was cute alright! Loved Niko from the start and the Artworks!!! *cough*Anyway as i made my way though the game i enjoyed the puzzles since they were unique and also kinda breaking the 4th wall...But it was actually ""farther"" in the game that made it so much more awesome at it was at the begining.I can only recomend it !!!Play it ! Feel sad feel happy then feel sad again !100 out of 10 would play again!"
,Recommended,420530,30890610,Posted: 1 April,all,AI-FollyFox,"How do you make me cry, and love, and feel at peace... I love you..."
,Recommended,420530,30888371,Posted: 1 April,all,IhaP,Holy sh*t that solstice ending.
76561198048906674,Recommended,420530,30885915,Posted: 1 April,all,skylon07,"Holy crap...Any RPG or puzzle game fans out there, boy are you in for a ride!Just finished this game(The REAL ending, not the fake depressing ending...)and let's just say I shed a few tears. Definitely worth the money, great game, you will NOT be disappointed.How good is the game?Dare I say it... Uh......Better than...    (not actually a spoiler)UNDERTALE!!!**recieves 10K hate mail notifications**"
76561198036334516,Recommended,420530,30888645,Posted: 1 April,all,Davidnoah1,"OneShot is an absolutely amazing game.I've played games where I cared about the main caracter, but never as much as Niko.OneShot does things I've never seen anything else do.And OneShot has a way of making it seem like it never ends.Definitely worth the price."
76561198150590917,Recommended,420530,30886656,Posted: 1 April,all,Yumeki,"amazing game and amazing soundtrack,its use of your computer makes the game certainly unique as you figure out puzzles and the oveerall story will sure get anyone emotionali bought this game not expecting much but for every run i did the game got more and more unique and it makes you want to play more, as more questions appearbasically buy the game if you love story and puzzles not much to say past that but its certainly a unique expierience that no other rpg maker game has ever doneconsidering ths game was made using rpg maker 2003 and it has no rpg makes it more impressive to"
,Recommended,420530,30887909,Posted: 1 April,all,aWolfsLife,"I usually play these games just because my pc is trash and I can't play all the ""good"" games, but dammit...This is the only game on steam and in general (games I bought without steam) that I feel my money was well spent and I don't regret it one bit."
76561198255824213,Recommended,420530,30889560,Posted: 1 April,all,the_black_hearted_one,"I don't get emotionally invested in games (not even Undertale). But THIS game just sucks you in from the beginning, especially once you get to the updated content.Despite this game being relatively short, it is without doubt, the best game I've played on Steam yet."
76561198196185763,Recommended,420530,30889510,Posted: 1 April,all,fizzgig511,"This is an amazing game;  good art, nice atmosphere, and fun."
76561198151966249,Recommended,420530,30894610,Posted: 2 April,all,vponyball,"this game was fantastic! Blew my mind and my tear ducts wide open! It was immersive and increadibly creative. Although, I might have trouble sleeping tonight..."
,Recommended,420530,30886708,Posted: 1 April,all,xXLadivXx,"Wow. Just wow.First of all: If you come here after watching some youtuber play the first few minutes and were curious, *don't spoil anything else and play this game* It is one of those games... You just have to play them firsthand to get the best experience.Anyways, on to the actual review:This game has some amazing mechanics. It doesn't simply break the fourth wall. It has a neat doorway lined with flowers that goes through and from the fourth wall. The characters are beautifully crafted. The end is never the end is never the end is never the end.If you think you finished the game, look again.Pros:Great NarrativePretty good soundtrackLovable character(s)Mechanics that will leave your mouth hanging (Can confirm)Powerful insightBeautiful storyPancakes(Not!) a CatCons:Moving around the world can be kinda clunky sometimes (You might be going around in circles for a while sometimes)I found the inventory a bit complicatedI won't go so far as to say this game has changed my personality, but it definetly left its mark. Will most likely make you cry unless your heart's made of stone. (why am I so emotionless)Buy the game. It is worth it.Off you go, XXXXXX"
,Recommended,420530,30885702,Posted: 1 April,all,Auntie Acrid,Fourth wall? You mean the gaping hole this game blew out?
76561198267658470,Recommended,420530,30879053,Posted: 1 April,all,ItsJerry BOI,Great gameplay. Worth all the money.
,Recommended,420530,30895480,Posted: 2 April,all,T.w² | Leddy-Kun .cL,"{Disclaimer for anyone who has not played the game: This review contains some tiny spoilers of the game at the beginning, sorry for this but it was necessary to get my point across}I really have a lot I can say here but I will only say a little bit of it.One Shot is an absolutley beautiful game, the first time I booted the game was when I saw the trailed and had finally gotten the game (Without any spoilers mind you.) From the beginning this game entranced me with its nice artstyle, wonderful music and overall smooth quality. From watching the trailer and viewing the Steam page I missed a key detail in the game... ""The world knows you exist"" This really caught me off guard and truthfully I sat there for a few seconds dumbfounded at the fact it went to that boundary very few games go.When I learned that there was some force that knew about me, I was intrigued, and I carried on, thinking nothing of it as some games had parts where there was some fourth wall breaking and it could make for cool things. So I played through and was again amazed at its visuals, the game had already been made to me as a title I was going to enjoy, odd story or not, so I ventured out into the Barrens... This is when I met Prophetbot, once again I shrugged it off until it mentioned, ""Their god"" which happened to be my name as thats what my computer is set to.I told Niko the name I prefered to go by over my one I had on my computer, the one that my closest friends and family called me, just for fun, I had fallen into absolute love for Niko already, this game made me care for the main protaganist quicker than any game in the past has done, in my head I started putting this as what would be an Undertale sort of feeling, where I would feel acomplished as I went along through the game, and my choices would sway my emotions a little, boy was I right, except I was not fully right, I underestimated this game and how it made you feel, rather quickly I was reading Niko's lines out loud, imagining him in my head saying those words, once again an Undertale esc. feel, but it was a lot different, I felt more raw emotion from this because, I had given Niko the name I preferred to go by, and it felt like he was treating me as a friend, to the best he could and that made me weak in emotions, which was a very very good and bad thing, because there weren't only good feelings but also beautiful or sad ones that made me cry.This game puts you originally in the spot of any other RPG, as the person behind the screen, but in One Shot, you quickly start getting a different feel, as if you're important to the story; which you just so happen to be. I truthfully felt as if I had to answer those questions asked honestly, and if I didn't I'd feel bad, this game is again beautiful in the emotion that you feel, they made it exactly how they wanted it to be and feel, which is no small task for a game in general.The puzzles were rather immersive and honestly felt refreshing to the normal puzzling and such of Indie games and even mainstream games too, it was a breath of fresh, relieving air. The puzzles in this game are not insanely hard either, unline some games that have ridcilous levels of difficulty for no reason. I never felt genuinly lost on a puzzle because, I always had Niko or someone to talk to and look at and describe things with, which helped me come up with the solutions to some of those puzzles.To wrap things up quickly. This game, had feeling, thought and effort put into it that very, VERY few games can match, it lets you bond with the main character and feel like you know them, giving an extra sense of immersion to their rather immersion breaking game, except, whenever that immersion is broken, it feels a lot better when you can actually solve it. Throughout the entire game, ""The Entitiy"" (As I shall call it for non spoiler reasons) guides you very loosely, whenever you're stuck or lost, you walk around and notice that screen on and you go over to it, only for it to tell you what to do. Around halfway through the game, you can finally start to realize what could be happening at the end, and honestly the thought itself of that idea tore me apart, all because this game immersed me, it made me feel like the characters were real, it made me feel like I was an actual part of that world, it made me feel... like I was actually Niko's friend, and I can't applaud OneShot enough for this, because here I sit, the game open after finishing the ending to the game, and I feel like I've lost a small part of me, but that the small part of me will always be there. This game has sparked emotions inside me I haven't cared to use in such a long time, and its so heartwarming (And heartbreaking) to see the ending finally occur, so good job to OneShot for being able to accomplish such a hard task; making people feel emotions for a character.So as I sit here and reflect on the whole journey while looking at a small lit up room, I encourage anyone who hasn't tried it to try it, and anyone who has to reflect on it as well, you'll only realize then how much you actually cared, every time I open up the game now and look at the screen, I can't help but tear just a little."
,Recommended,420530,30895340,Posted: 2 April,all,Beezlebub The Third,"When i first saw this game I already knew what type of game to expect. A game with a great story and some decent gamplay, but what I got was a game with intresting gameply and a story with characters that I can't forget, that I don't want to forget. Every NPC in this game felt so 'alive' and the circumstances got me indulged into the game. After the first ending I just knew and hoped that just sleeping forever was not Niko's fate, I scrambled through the documents and almost every file in my computer, desprate for a better ending.Even after supposedly saving the world I was not satisfied, Niko deserved happiness and so did all the characters we met. I didn't want to hurt NIko, but I didn't want to kill everyone else: Sliver, Rowbot, Alula, Calamus, Maize, Magpie, that weird ram, the ram man, Kip, ALL of George's personalities, the street vendors, etc. So I Started my second and shortest desperate search. reset the game and started playing again, once I got to the caves I guess i initiated the Solstice playthrough. The moment I got to The World Machine I swear I FELT the better ending, but at the same time I felt sad. sad that i wouldn't be able to see or talk to Niko again, sad that the IS the last time i would ever really feel as if I'm in a way talking th the other charaters. When Niko really left I actually cried my soul out. When I saw that I could play again I didn't it wouldn't be the same to me it wouldn't be Niko to me.So developers I just have to say thank you for creating such a wonderful game that tugs and rips your heart strings and shatters the fourth wall while seemingly infiltrated your PC. Thank you oh so much."
76561198301294917,Recommended,420530,30845361,Posted: 30 March,all,FallenOne43,"Simply put this game really tugs at your heartstrings. And the art is amazing, beautiful. ....So get it."
,Recommended,420530,30848258,Posted: 31 March,all,Esthyrr,11/10 would cry again
,Recommended,420530,30848259,Posted: 31 March,all,kakefumi,"Excellent piece of work, one of the few examples of a game that capitalizes on its nature of an INTERACTIVE MEDIA and makes it part of the story. Think Undertale.Brilliantly executed, great characters, and the Solstice update truly completes the journey. It is a complete piece of work that will go into textbooks of the future. 10 bucks for this is a steal."
,Recommended,420530,28438041,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Frostei,12/10 my feels
76561198125036564,Recommended,420530,30854362,Posted: 31 March,all,javelinsman,Sincerely it is the best game I has been longing for.
,Recommended,420530,30723447,Posted: 25 March,all,Parad0xDemon,"This is Not a Game. It is an Experience!I have never posted a review ever on Steam before, so this is my first. I HIGHLY recommend this game to anyone who loves a good story. I've played a lot of RPGs and none of them come even close to what this game has made me feel. I don't cry a lot, but this game just broke me. I fell in love with the characters really quick and enjoyed how immersive it made me feel. It throws you into a world you literally know nothing about, but makes you feel a part of it instantly. I really wish the game was a lot longer. It all ended too quickly, but even the best stories can be short................... god, what am I going to do with my life after this. T_T"
76561198095320362,Recommended,420530,30849417,Posted: 31 March,all,bellumeternus,"I have a lot to say about this game. Most of it is just gushing, but the most important part is this: You haven't played anything like this before. I absolutely guarantee it. Whatever you think this game is like, it isn't.I reccomend you see for yourself."
,Recommended,420530,30845904,Posted: 30 March,all,Definitely a guy named Whoopie,"I loved this game so much. I think it was better than Undertale. The story draws you in, gets you attached to the characters, and pulls your heartstrings and it makes you enjoy it. The OST immerses you in the world, the characters are lovable in different ways, and I think it would be a shame if people did not play it."
76561198041132384,Recommended,420530,30885510,Posted: 1 April,all,Bainbow,"This game could probably be summed up as a cross between Undertale, and The World That Has Ended from Clannad.Normally when I write a review for a game, I try to be as extensive as possible. Y'know, really delve into what made the game, or what ruined it. But as I write this review for OneShot, I can't help but find that few words really come to mind, so immensely loathe am I to spoil anything. There are a tonne of good things in this game, the puzzles are creative and a lot of fun, the art style is beautiful, but there are two things that really take this game from simply ""good"" and make it ""great."" The music is the first one, composed by one ""NightMargin"" if I remember right, and good lord did they do a great job.But the big highlight is the writing, particularly the character writing. The world building is great, but it's honestly the characters that really drew me in and left me so immersed. And while I found myself really caring about so many of them, even ones who at the time seemed largely minor and forgettable until I looked back on it all with fond memories, but the main character ""Niko"" was who really carried it. When Niko was happy, I was laughing out loud. When Niko was sad, I was fighting heart break. I became so invested in the character of Niko, it was hard to think of him as a fictional entity, I would catch myself really trying to treat him as if the fourth wall was never there to begin with, which the game of course intends as it regularly shatters the fourth wall for the sake of narrative and creative puzzles. Niko was capable of breaking my heart and warming my soul in ways a fictional character simply should not be able to do, and I am god damn impressed.As a final note, I was particularly impressed by the level of immersion that this game offers. Through a mix of that beautiful OST, the erasure of the fourth wall, and the amazing characters that you could almost swear were real, the game was able to draw me in and immerse me like no other game has, I've played VR games where I was more aware of the real world around me, so completely did the world of OneShot and Niko's story draw me in to their reality. It was most strange an experience, but in the best possible way.I dare not say anything else of particular note for fear of spoiling this hidden gem for new players, so I'll simply sum up by saying that I cannot recommend this game enough. For anyone who has ever felt a twinge of emotion from good stories, this game is a complete masterpiece that does not deserve to be missed and is more than worth the low price of admission. Of all the hundreds of games I've ever played, I've only ever given one a perfect 10/10 rating, but OneShot is legitimately making me think that my rating system is too lenient because this game shatters my previous conception of a perfect game.I give OneShot a 10/10, and a Tree Squid's 'Must Play' Seal of Approval.Now excuse me, I need to go and purchase that OST."
,Recommended,420530,30888231,Posted: 1 April,all,Wordna,This is the best game I have ever played. PLAY IT! SERIOUSLY!! It is amazing and I will never forget Niko after the slostice ending. NEVER!
,Recommended,420530,30891097,Posted: 1 April,all,UltraLord,"While the game is rather short and simple, it turned out to be absolutely phenomenal.The design is fantastic with beautiful graphics and intricate puzzles requiring you to search through your files at some points. The characters you meet provide good story and feel like real people, but most of all getting to converse with Niko (the child you guide through the adventure) and making decisions for her all the while being called by the name you have set as your account name just makes the game so personal and really makes you attached to her.I highly recommend this game to anybody looking for a short but amazing and heart warming experience.I can not find a single bad thing to say about this game."
76561198185404763,Recommended,420530,30891146,Posted: 1 April,all,Cxroder,"The game has a pretty good story, that isn't the fighting type.  It is more based on story and little puzzles.  The game won't give you a hard time with the puzzles and can sometimes be solved by guessing.  Better ambiance than average in my view.But I found sound files that the OST doesn't have that sound nice and that dissapoints me considering they put in music that isn't heard in the game."
,Recommended,420530,30892653,Posted: 1 April,all,liciors,is good game. 10/10 would have heart strings plucked again.
76561198150935296,Recommended,420530,30735834,Posted: 25 March,all,E dog,"Ok, so, this is gonna be my first review for a game, so I hope I do this right.I haven't finished the game as of writing this, but OH MY GOD is it good. The music and atmosphere of the game gives off this ""haunting beauty"" as the player guides Niko to help save this dying world. But it isnt that simple...This game goes far beyond the game screen, and even fully acknowledges the player as an entity. I can't really say much else without gushing or spoiling, so I'll just say this.GET. THIS. GAME. You won't regret it (maybe).Until then,Happy Gaming!P.S.: I will not be held accountable for any stress caused by protecting characters."
76561198275924092,Recommended,420530,30893198,Posted: 1 April,all,pokenerd5678,This is one of the best games EVER. I would recomend buying because the story is AMAZING and it breaks the 4th wall SO WELL! This game is better than undertale and I don't know why it hasn't recived much praise yet!
76561198018744891,Recommended,420530,30891368,Posted: 1 April,all,YauYau,"Amazing game, super trippy!"
,Recommended,420530,30902141,Posted: 2 April,all,Snuggles08,"it is amazinglike really really goodi liked undertale a lotthis is bettergood music, amazing story, makes you not WANT to play it again after beating it (lots of confusing story things here; just open the clover again after you beat the game to know what to do. the first 2 ""endings"" are NOT the end before you disagree). 10/10"
76561198090157847,Recommended,420530,30901632,Posted: 2 April,all,Omega68nova,"This game isshort, but it will blow your mind:The soundtrack, for one, is amazing and inmersive.The characters are... well, not very detailed, butstill enought to appeal to the heart.The storyis actualy quite deep even if some of it is vague.But the inmersion is the part of the game that actualy hits you deep within, as YOU are a character in this game.And as the gamesays, you only have one shot, so better use it well.All in all, I deeply enjoyed this game, and if you are wondering wether to buy it or not, if you liked undetale, you will love OneShot, since they are very similar (and no, this isnt a undertale copy, matter of fact, the first version of this game appeared in 2003, much before Undertale, google it up.)."
76561198095510117,Recommended,420530,29793399,Posted: 8 February,all,Aman,It is a nice and cute game. Little short with not much replay value. (yes i got both endings) and Solstice but overall it was really nice game and is worth it to play. if you enjoyed undertale and looking for something to get undertale off your mind. This will take it's place. I think this is even better then undertale
76561198288468130,Recommended,420530,29276218,Posted: 15 January,all,RedGriffinKitten,No other game has touched my heart this much... Oneshot is a sad but happy game and when you're done you wont know what to do.. Best game i've ever seen to be honest... i just don't know what to do now.. You just kinda wish the game never ends..When picking your choices just remeber...You only have One Shot..
76561198072549068,Recommended,420530,29247371,Posted: 14 January,all,roojee,"Words cannot even express how much I adore this game. All I have to say is if you don't know anything about this game, I urge you to play it blind like I did. It is worth every penny just for the experience alone it gives you.Cannot wait to see what's in store on March 20th"
,Recommended,420530,29265626,Posted: 14 January,all,Milf_Hunter101,Such a sad f**cking game man... I so recommend buying ;-; Great story!!!! so sad...
,Recommended,420530,30694052,Posted: 23 March,all,Herbivore,"First run: spectacular. It doesn't have a large amount of text, but A LOT to offer. Top tier RPG... wait, is this really an RPG?Second run: so I missed this, this, this, this, this, this and this in the first run...Third run: I can do this again if only for the ram jokes.Solstice update: this update definitey deserve a second purchase...(Sidenote: You don't fight in this game. You walk, pick up things and talk.)10/10"
,Recommended,420530,30786103,Posted: 27 March,all,Happynoname,"i absolutly loved this game, i've never had such a compulstion to wanna continue a game more then this has before, made me feel ways i thought i could only get through communication with real people, but its all such a beutiful world, fun enjoyable characters, and its approch to gameplay is something i really enjoyed, the puzzles were fun with how they played out, its an extremly touching enjoyable sessions you can play that can make you feel that its, not not only feel but also think the ai is truly alive, this is something i'll never forget and will go back and play after some time has passed (cause thats how i do) and i implore you to try this game for yourself."
,Recommended,420530,30784773,Posted: 27 March,all,Ninja,"This is a great game I highly recomend to anyone who likes weird, mysterious, confusing, brain-♥♥♥♥, 4th wall breaking type things. While I am not madly in love with it or deeply emotionally attached to it like most of the community is, I do like the charm and creative writing of the story. That being said, the community is pretty great about this game so if you're in to hanging out with indie game fandoms this is a pretty good place to be.POST-SOLSTICE UPDATE: Just gotta say the writer did an excellent job of making me feel attached to the world as a whole tho I did not personally relate with any of the individual characters.I won't go in to too many details about the game as it is something you simply need to experience, tho I think the idea that it's paranoia inducing or ""scary"" is a bit of an exaggeration. I guess it has some features that aren't standard in games today so maybe it will come at a surprise to younger gamers, but as the game says everything is safe and part of the game. I like how well the game handles these features too, the programmer is quite smart with how he handles them.This is also one of the first games in a long time I have played where I kept notepad open to write things down. You also should not need a guide to complete the game, the puzzles can be solved logically and the game does not really trick you. I never needed a guide to solve the puzzles tho it was more of simply missing a detail like an object or room sitting right in front of my face. I will hint that if you feel like a puzzle can only be solved by brute forcing it thousands of times, you're probably on the wrong track, the game will usually give you a hint somewhere if you look for it.I do want to comment on the negative reviews, most of which seem to say this game is short and not worth the money, but I would be daring enough to say they are either wrong, or just incredibly cheap. The game is only $10 and gives pretty much a guaranteed 3.5 hours of gameplay on the first playthrough. But without spoiling anything I will say the game is not over just because you ""beat"" it once, there is more of the story to uncover by replaying the game. Even witholding the true experience of playing the game multiple times you still got 3.5 hours of content for only $10. That's like two cup of coffees or half a movie ticket. (And unless it was Lord of the Rings you didn't get 3.5 hours of movie content.)All in all, highly recommended, you should check it out, but if you are unsure maybe wait for a sale."
76561198029969067,Recommended,420530,30788940,Posted: 28 March,all,I'm Clean I Promise,Yes. Do it.
76561198141378461,Recommended,420530,30781104,Posted: 27 March,all,Animonix,It was alot more than i could have ever imagined! At first I thought it would be a simple little game i got on impuls however I was wonderfully surprised. I don't want to give anything away but this is something to experiance for yourself.Creatively interactive and cute and I got attatched to the characters quite easily too.
76561198348057025,Recommended,420530,30780957,Posted: 27 March,all,Agent J,best game ever
76561198279023626,Recommended,420530,30780404,Posted: 27 March,all,Choco,"This is a wonderful game, I hesitated getting it because I thought that if I died, I wouldn't be able to play it again, but I took a chance, bought it, and I was not dissapointed in the game. It is a truly great game with a wonderful story and i was very emtionally attachd to the charecters. 12/10"
76561198035925915,Recommended,420530,30712762,Posted: 24 March,all,Siegmeyer,"When they say ""the world knows you exist"" they are not just using that to pull people in.Most compare this to Undertale but the only similarities I see is the ""world"" remembering you on each new playthrough.Give it a (One)Shot and enjoy every second playing it.(Side note definately worth re-playing over and over)Solstice Update Edit: DammmmmmmmmmmmmThis hurts my heart but in a good way. Play this game already."
76561198374708059,Recommended,420530,30786316,Posted: 27 March,all,radneysmith16,"This game....I love it...I care about what happens. Don't buy this game, an impossible choice ensues. I'm currently trying to close the window to avoid it, it won't let me. UGH!!! 10/10 buy this game, but consider yourself warned."
76561198349427681,Recommended,420530,30785093,Posted: 27 March,all,zane.palmer,"As far as i've gotten in the game (red level) my only critiqe about the game is that for some reason the game does not let you exit out of it in it's own special way, witch will cause you to restart the game through convaloded ways (your game files) witch is really annoying. other than that it's a pretty good little peice of work that, could technacly be considered a game (you do lots of walking, and a miniscule amount of puzzle solveing)In conclusion buy it on sale if it's peaked your intrest."
,Recommended,420530,28353173,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Dr. Science,"I honestly hate that I'm making this comparison but its really the only other game to my knowledge that does this kind of thing.Take undertale but make it less mediocre and disappointing (to anyone that played the demo, at least) by removing the half-baked morality system.Actually does something with the meta theming the plot (solving puzzles, dialouge, etc.) instead of just randomly throwing♥♥♥♥♥♥around (chara's entire background, gaster). Surprisingly well done, at that.Long enough to get you invested into the characters, short enough to make multiple playthroughs not a hastle.tl;dr plot game with similar themes to undertale except actually goodProbably worth 10 bucks, definitely worth anything lower should it go on sale."
,Recommended,420530,30804060,Posted: 28 March,all,Jeff,"8.5/10 game. The music was nice and atmospheric. Story is alright, the puzzles are fun and interesting, if a bit sparse. The characters, except Niko, aren't fleshed out nearly enough. Game leaves you wanting more, in a good and bad way.For 10 bucks I'd still recommend it. Seems like it's getting patched too, wonder how often."
,Recommended,420530,30805371,Posted: 28 March,all,Thirst,10/10The Messiah has returned!
76561198264622709,Recommended,420530,30807803,Posted: 28 March,all,peacekeeper,I this game is SOOOOO GOOD. the story just hooked me right in and is perfectly designed. And also the characters are adorable. 10/10 will play again
76561198040246926,Recommended,420530,30811354,Posted: 29 March,all,Nixxie,"Amazing story, oh god the feels ;w;"
76561198195381174,Recommended,420530,30812297,Posted: 29 March,all,Druid,"OneShot is one of the bests games i ever played in my live beautiful game design, lovely main character,great story but it was short i beat it in like 13h although This is my favorite game."
,Recommended,420530,30813212,Posted: 29 March,all,Asu,So far probably the best RPG I have tried.
76561198043961247,Recommended,420530,30813072,Posted: 29 March,all,ATAN,"OneShot  achieves what it sets out to be: a charming and clever meta-game about a child's journey through a world that has lost its sun and you the player, who is guiding them.Exposition and story is all delivered through interactions with the world and its inhabitants, slightly reminiscent of the souls games in a way.The game finds ways to interact with the player outside of the game itself and through these this makes the story all the more compelling.I recommend OneShot to fans of story-oriented games that are looking for something impactful yet unique."
76561198068403094,Recommended,420530,30806779,Posted: 28 March,all,Lee,Beautiful...
,Recommended,420530,30808398,Posted: 28 March,all,☮~PikuCiao~☮,"Bought the game, went to some place with an X in the middle. Assumed I had to close the game. Closed the game. Got stuck in a dark room where it says ""Niko Feels Uneasy"". Didn't get to beat the game. I'm officially sad now."
,Recommended,420530,30809032,Posted: 29 March,all,mistermarcoff,I'm so sad.
,Recommended,420530,30809021,Posted: 29 March,all,Monstercat,"I'll take my perception of reality over easy, please?"
76561198089330676,Recommended,420530,30811606,Posted: 29 March,all,JuKCar,"Overall rating is 10/10This has a great story, excellent game mechanics, and beautiful soundtrack for the simple game that it is. I'll be looking forward to the future projects of the devs.OneShot is basically about a cat-person child that's suddenly thrown in a dying world, tasked to save it, and you tagging along as the guide. Throughout the journey, many people will be met, all with their own stories that give the characters, and the story itself, substance. This game is one of the kinds that break the fourth wall, including the player himself/herself in the story, and at times requiring the player to do things outside the game in order to progress. Playing this game is experiencing a journey together with a small, innocent friend trying to bring light to a dark and dying world. In the end, this game will make the player feel that the experience is very real, and the game itself a different world, albeit one in your own computer and written in code.The game is best played without consulting guides or the like, and going in blind. I've tried my best to describe this game for you guys, but I feel that words, well my words at least, can't give it justice. Anyways, I hope you guys will like this game as much as I do! :)-JuKCar"
76561198212058461,Recommended,420530,30811993,Posted: 29 March,all,demonfox444,"Absolutly Loved this game, it's been a while scine I felt like this for a character.  The gameplay was great and unquie, like nothing I have expirienced with other rpgmaker games, and to top it all off, the Story is just as amazing.  Wish I could personally tell the developers that they did a great job, worth every penny if not more."
76561198296083028,Recommended,420530,30810795,Posted: 29 March,all,Black Rose Dragon,This game was the best ten bucks I have ever spent on a game. It has no combat for those type of gamers but it has its own charm. I had heard about OneShot and played it thinking it was going to be a bad game. Next thing i knew... the sun was up. .. Best ten dollor game ever. This is a must play game
76561198028962676,Recommended,420530,28498732,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,sholities,This game was awesome!! The music made this game for me. I did use a walkthru at certain parts (mostly got impatient with a couple things and especially some parts towards the end).  One of those games that makes me keep thinking about it for awhile.Update: Played through the Solstice update (after playing through the game 3 times) and I shall say that this true ending had me feeling emotional throughout. One of the best games I've ever played.
76561198031153242,Recommended,420530,30809472,Posted: 29 March,all,Phoenix,"This game is .... almost perfect... It hurts for me in so many ways,  but I could not Recommend this game enough. Make sure that you play it by yourself.  Don't ruin it for yourself or someone else. I also need to have a word with the maker of this game, but those are good words i think.oh guess I should rate.10/10 story10/10 music (loved the soundtrack)9/10 graphics (love retro looks but felt you cheated us a bit on some of the background)30/10 gameplayTHANK YOU SO MUCH FOR MAKING THIS GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198072792715,Recommended,420530,30808675,Posted: 29 March,all,Goatbro,A labor of love that has resulted in one of the best games I have ever played. Solstice update furthering what was already a great game to someting that I can only hope to experience again.
76561198046777812,Recommended,420530,30804630,Posted: 28 March,all,BAHBAHSH33P,It's a must buy
,Recommended,420530,30807626,Posted: 28 March,all,alfafox0000,I wasn't prepared for something so different. So unique. It was well worth my time. I feel like important.10/10
76561198156873042,Recommended,420530,30808145,Posted: 28 March,all,SaladShark,"Yes.Play.This.Game.That is all I have to say.Good Luck, and make the right choice."
,Recommended,420530,30664868,Posted: 22 March,all,LeetPandA,"i dont want to spoil anything about this game, just play it."
76561198064462153,Recommended,420530,30665093,Posted: 22 March,all,Rikki Tikki Tavi,10/10Pancakes ruined forever.
,Recommended,420530,30732237,Posted: 25 March,all,Tuzzie,"I personally think that this is one of the greatest games out there at this time.  While yes, without trying to give out any spoilers, there are times that I got stuck and the keyboard controls are a little strange to getting used to, the story line was amazing and the artwork, while being simple, was greatly done.  I highly recommend this to anybody that wants a game that engulfs you into their world and in my case, even somewhat hit me emotionally towards the end.  If you are even pondering about getting this game, I beg to you.  Do yourself a favor and buy it and play it all the way through.  The ending is well worth it since you develop such an emotional bond to the character."
76561198108502990,Recommended,420530,30729912,Posted: 25 March,all,DerpyWolf420wow,"A very nice game, really makes you feel like you're part of the story. And the ending.... oh the ending, not gonna spoil anything, but I'm gonna admit it really gets feeling out of you."
76561198058842206,Recommended,420530,30730153,Posted: 25 March,all,Smarmy with the Neck,"This review will probably fall into the thousands that no one ever sees, but here I go.OneShot is often compared to Undertale (Which is my favorite game of all time) due to it's art direction, brilliant soundtrack, and basic narrative. Allow me to say that this game should not now, or ever be placed in direct comparison to Undertale, not only are they fundamentally differant, by placing it within that category, you are not giving it justice. This game, neigh, this experience is simply amazing. The atmosphere, the characters, the story it tells and the worlds it builds are a weapon to surpass metal gear. And as such to place it as an UT copy cat would take so very much away from what this game is, a masterpiece to the nth degree. The experience given through this game cannot be placed into mere Pro and Con lists, as they grab from Logos, Ethos, and Pathos each respectively. The faults of the game I cannot honestly say, as the way that the game is portrayed, the faults I would give may more likely be faults with myself.In conclusion,""I understand why everyone buys his stuff, guy's got talent, it just, hurts you know? To be labled a copycat.""This game comes highly recommended, but odds are I'm preaching to the choir."
,Recommended,420530,30727725,Posted: 25 March,all,LuLu6214,"Bought this game after watching Markiplier play about 30 minutes of the game, it was too cute and intriguing to pass up. The game does not have much in the way of replayability but I feel has a wonderful story, unique puzzles with an even more unique method to solving them. The save function is based around several pinnacle events so it is best to play it when you have the time to sit and enjoy it or can get through the whole game in one sitting. The music is endearing and I fell in love with the characters quickly, each time the game closed out (which is part of the gameplay and is not crashing) I fell in greater love with the game. I am not insanely feelsy but by the end of this game I was in tears, both happy and sad, in the words of my college Acting teacher ""how dare they make me feel!"" But truthfully this was an amazing game, sweet and thoughtful. I would recommend this game in an instant just be sure to keep a box of tissues handy."
76561198218224673,Recommended,420530,30856238,Posted: 31 March,all,SpoopyMatt970370,"Love the game, highly recommend it."
76561198322625764,Recommended,420530,30842856,Posted: 30 March,all,jneg819,"This game was probably on of the best games I have evered played! From the puzzles, to the cutscenes, to a choice I really loved it and I really never thought that a game would make me cry. So to the people who made this game thank you.:)"
,Recommended,420530,30842871,Posted: 30 March,all,Coji,I think I'll need therapy now but it was worth it.
,Recommended,420530,29105338,Posted: 7 January,all,MrJibs,I've never played anything like this. I suggest you don't read anything about the game and just play it when you're in the mood to be surprised. This game will stick with you for a while.
,Recommended,420530,28482278,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,KingTiger Ausf.M,"Note : over 9000, because ""Make me cry"".That's all."
,Recommended,420530,28486282,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,PurpleXVI,"This game is not to everyone's tastes and it will most certainly♥♥♥♥♥♥some people off after they get to the end, but I enjoyed it and I look forward to what seems to be the developer's promise of further developments being added.Also the protagonist is just too damn cute. Everyone in this game is too damn cute."
,Recommended,420530,28337425,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Nemmisis,"OneShot has to be one of my favorite games to have come out this year. At its core, it's an adventure game. Saying much more just delves into spoiler-land, so I'm not going to do that. I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,420530,28354876,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Folderol,"This is one of those games that if I tell you all the reasons its great, it will ruin the experience for others. Overall it is very well written with interesting characters you get attached to, has a lovely soundtrack with well chosen sound effects (click all those sheep!), a simple art style that doesn't get boring as you travel the world, and all these elements combine to create a wonderful experience. I completed the game in just over three hours with a couple small breaks but was not dissapointed in the bang vs. $$ department.If you like small immersive games like Pony Island or Undertale, then OneShot is a must play."
76561198350454365,Recommended,420530,28321739,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Tatical Fox .w.,other than an annoying glitching i was haveing with the inventory not working right i really enjoyed this game and i didn't expect it to be so emotional. was worth the $8.99
,Recommended,420530,28355793,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,794,"Great game, great replayability, gets you attached to the character(s). Good art, good music. Love it. Definitely recommend it."
,Recommended,420530,28356078,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Ghoulie,"I have no words. This was an amazing experience, and while isn't strictly as much of a game as it is an interactive story with puzzles, it's well worth (more than) the time and money I invested in it. Absolutely fantastic. Couldn't recommend it enough."
,Recommended,420530,28356273,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,a high blue cat,It's very good.
,Recommended,420530,28352866,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,polarbear4321,"While a relatively short game, three to four hours on the first play through, this game is packed with fun. This game has many similarities to undertale; retro graphics, great soundtrack, well written characters and my favorite, fourth wall breaking. Both you and your avatar/messiah Niko are characters in this game, meaning the game will sometimes speak directly to you. I've also never felt more of an emotional attachment for a character for reasons that would give away spoilers.tl;dr: Buy this game. Now."
,Recommended,420530,28358105,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,WattRabbit,"An incredible game with a beautiful story, soundtrack, and art style! not to forget some of the most unique mechanics i have ever seen!"
76561198054133291,Recommended,420530,28357326,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Georgiat,"This.Haven't even finished yet and I absolutely adore it. In fact, the only reason I have yet to complete it is because I am so very invested in this protagonist.A good God is kind to their Messiah, after all.What even is a fourth wall?"
,Recommended,420530,28353572,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Drewfus,"If you love stories in games, don't hesitate to buy OneShot."
,Recommended,420530,28334242,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,frostyy,i loved this game!
,Recommended,420530,28334443,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,DoubleN,"Music: The music is amazing when you've messed with your equalizer. Plus the music itself help build the tense or calm atmosphereGameplay: There isn't much to complain here but that the 4:3 aspect ratio is a lil annoying but idc now that ive played it through since it's used in the gameFinal~""The game is amazing and all, and the story is beautiful and short making it a great experience""I reckon since most of the people whom may look at this game may have played undertale first may diss this but it's not even close with 2 simularity."
76561198139634108,Recommended,420530,28340456,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Loss2RL,"Just binge played OneShot. Both the design and music for the game are very well done. I really enjoyed the game, my recommondation would be to talk to everyone- even if you've previously exhausted their dialoge options, as they can still help if you get stuck. A++ in my opinion, great job to the Dev. Team."
76561198112833430,Recommended,420530,28335117,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Deleuzional,I was devestated that we never got to say goodbye.A+ for a game that can foster an emotional connection.
,Recommended,420530,28394803,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Xanoxis Do'Urden,"Little gem that is deep and well made. If you want a great story and to feel connected to the world, play this game."
76561198341009353,Recommended,420530,28396681,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Mastermindx01,"It is what the titles saids, and that's what makes it fun. The paranoid feeling it gives was very enjoyable like if I was in a thriller. I love the designs of Neko and the rest of the cast especially the Robots, because Robots are awesome so are the bird siblings. The way the games goes about forging a connection with Neko was pretty cool, because you can either be caring and frank or a jerk with jokes.The game definitely left me with wanting more and even cause an arguement with my best friend making one of us, The McCoy and the other, The Spock. 9/10."
,Recommended,420530,28396836,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Safebox,"Beautiful world, interesting characters, worth buying for the fourth-wall breaking alone."
,Recommended,420530,28397232,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Grum,"Wow. This game reals blows you out of the water the first time you play it. Despite its flaws, like failing to develop its side characters and providing insufficient backstory, there's just something magical about the experience. Niko is masterfully written and the atsmophere is incredible. The game is fun, moving, and more than a little bit quirky, and its certainly worth playing through."
76561198119993794,Recommended,420530,30775543,Posted: 27 March,all,✝️PegasusKnight1,"Wow, this has to be one of the most unique RPGs I've ever played! I like how the game interacts with your pc and even hides a few clues on your PC (which are  easy to find). I've only seen one of the endings, but am looking forward to doing a second playthrough to see the other ending."
76561198124312982,Recommended,420530,30776100,Posted: 27 March,all,champ6,Finished it...gonna go cry nowbye
,Recommended,420530,30766211,Posted: 26 March,all,Jono997,"WARNING: THIS REVIEW WILL SPOIL THE GAME!!!When I first finished the game, I felt like it was incomplete and that there was more to it than met the eye. I had played the original version years ago and it didn't feel like there was enough there to warrent what was offered. But then I saw the countdown. Just like many, I waited and waited. After both countdowns, I feel like this game truly deserves immense praise. To be honest, the true ending to the game made me cry. I felt so sad for the Entity and later on, so happy that the cycle could finally end, that I burst into tears. Admittedly, the story is by far the best thing this game has going for it.To be honest, this has become my new favourite game of all time, beating out Undertale. To everyone on the development team, I thank you so much for this amazing game."
76561198042645221,Recommended,420530,28324374,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Sturgie,"So I bought the game purely on the style and liked the Undertale vibe I was getting. I booted up and lo and behold there was some similarities of said Undertale (Small screen, BIG PEOPLE DECISIONS!!!) you know stuff like that, but as I played through my first playthrough I started to actually feel for the MC. This little guy could actually talk and had dreams and just wanted to go home, and what made it awesome is you could actually speak to him (sorta). I loved the sequences where it actually used your own computer against you (not going to spoil it just experience it). I love this game. I truly am glad I took a chance with it. I am most defiantely going to be playing through again and I would recommened this game to anybody. Alas I will say there was somethings that was annoying. Bugs, and the game crashing hopefully that will get fixed. I also was surprised to find out this was a RPG maker game. This game will surprise you.I love little Niko and the world."
,Recommended,420530,28314246,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,ScorpiusG,"OneShot is an interesting puzzle/exploration game. You guide a child in this mysterious and dark world in which you (yes, you) have to cooperate with to learn about the world and solve its mysteries. It's hard to write this review as saying any further about it will likely result in spoilers. However, I can say that you'll need to pay attention to things you encounter along the way if you wish to see everything. I highly recommend this if you enjoy puzzles and exploration.Also the child is adorable.Praise the sun."
76561198117147795,Recommended,420530,28319846,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,~Kip~,PANCAKES!!!...nuff said mate~
76561198147595409,Recommended,420530,28319992,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,cherryblossombun,"I remember playing this game a while back, when it was a free game, and god have I missed it so much. For those who haven't played it, this game is absolutely stunning, and adorable. You should go into this game fully blind, try not to spoil it for yourself, because if you do, it won't be as memorable.. Trust me when I say this.So, aside from that, this was money well spent. If you like pixely adventure games, crippling choices, crying, and pancakes, this is a game for you. Go ahead. Buy it. It's amazing. You won't regret it."
76561198066851749,Recommended,420530,28310972,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Tavi,"I'm totally immersed in the story. There are some clever mechanics in the game, and i've fallen in love with Niko. It's definitely worth picking up, just to check it out.It's got robots. It's got God. It's got neko. It's got You. See for yourself"
,Recommended,420530,28301152,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,bT*Akira,"I bought this game on a whim after returning another. I saw the screenshots, read a few reviews and decided to give it a shot. Very glad that I did. I'm extremely surprised with this game and I'm only 2 hours in! The puzzles are clever, I haven't gotten stuck for all too long yet. The story is very intriguing, the way everything is brought to your attention is well paced and the learning curve is perfect.Things to noteI've seen the game can randomize puzzles so you can't necessarily go through a walkthrough.I haven't tested otherwise, but so far it owuld seem you need to find the next save spot in order to save and quit the game. Not sure if it will save if you just straight quit.Sometimes the game does some goofy things, but its all normal, don't worry.Overall, I highly suggest it. I'm glad I bought it and look forward to playing next, seeing where the story goes. I would compare this with Earthbound or Undertale in its humor and execution. I'm invested, I'm intrigued, I've laughed a few times, I've been curious lots of others. Just do it, do yourself a favor, experience this game."
,Recommended,420530,28301218,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Mezzo,"Look just,This is the same thing UnderTale went through when that was the new thing.To say anything, EVEN REMOTELY ANYTHING about what makes this game so charming would be a detriment to actually playing it.Just do it, it's even cheaper than UnderTale for heavens' sake, just find some couch change or something. It deserves your attention."
,Recommended,420530,28301241,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Groner,"I've never written a review before, but I felt I needed to do it for this game. Simply put, buy it and enjoy a great game for only a few dollars.This game is being compared to Undertale a lot, which is understandable. While you do get a similar feel from the world, Oneshot has a more serious tone to it, and the gameplay involves solving puzzles instead of engaging in RPG battles.Overall, great story, amazing ambiance. Would play again."
76561198054179835,Recommended,420530,28301627,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,chrislaser,"I bought this game purely on a whim and didn't expect much out of it. In the end I had the most conflictiing decision of anything in my life and almost cried. This game made me actually question reality and what constituted as an actual person. Just buy the game, damn it."
,Recommended,420530,28301737,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,KibbeZero,"Loved every minute of this game. It is a purely story driven game with some great experimental mechanics that reach out to you from even outside the game. It took me about 3.5 hours to complete, which is the only downside. I really with it was longer."
76561198044437357,Recommended,420530,28299506,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Pennwick,"Look, if you had OneShot, or one oppritunityTo let Niko eat all the pancakes he ever wanted, with hazelnutWould you screw in the lightbulb or just let it slip?"
76561198077350218,Recommended,420530,28299704,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,DJ Dusk,"I got to ride on a roomba in this game so it is my new contender for GOTY 2016--For real though, this game was already a wonderful experience to play when it was free and playable only once. But now with some puzzle changes and a lot of new dialogue, characters, and places, this one-of-a-kind RPG Maker game is an experience I would not want to pass up on.This game will freak you out at first with its complete erasure of the 4th Wall, but you quickly get used to it and see the charm and angle the game takes with it. And that's not to even mention the amount of meta elements this game provides. I cannot bring myself to spoil it here, and I URGE you to experience the sheer genius this game offers for yourself. I know it sounds like I'm selling this game big, but I guarantee you will not find another puzzle game like this for a LONG while.Though what I can defiantly say about OneShot is that, while it has some basic pixel graphics you'd expect from some RPG Maker game, it still ends up being a BEAUTIFUL game with lots of detail. There are the occasional cutscenes that are pixel drawn, but are so adorable and, once again, beautiful! That complimented with the atmospheric music that to me personally, never gets repetitive or boring.The puzzles are kind of like what you'd expect out of some Point & Click, since you have to sometimes combine items with some out of the box logic or thinking. I've gotten stuck quite a few times, but trust me when I say that the game DOES provide you hints and clues that help you solve these puzzles. You just sometimes have to look around for them.I think I've rambled on and praised this game enough. I cannot recommend this game any more than I have already. Please, if you feel like playing a short puzzle game that throws away the 4th Wall and will happily talk to you at any point, consider choosing OneShot as the game to play.Besides, you get to help one of the most adorable main characters I have ever seen who loves pancakes and looks like a cat. That right there should be a selling point."
76561198155399236,Recommended,420530,28299823,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,vaprix,10/10 Would play again (If I could)
,Recommended,420530,28299657,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,ccooldean,"You know what? IREALLYlike this game.Not only for the incredibly well-done Fourth-Wall segments, but also for the beautiful art, story, puzzles, and music.This game does everything so well... and I haven't even looked into a lot of the secrets yet!I have to admit, this game really pulled at a lot of my emotions that I haven't felt since the likes of UNDERTALE.However, if there was one little nit-pick, it'd be that sometimes the game doesn't understand what layering is.For example, the cave in the barrens has somereallywonky layering. I suggest looking into this. A couple of other issues is that when Niko stands next to a castle and faces towards it the sun kind of... layersoverthe castle. The one last issue with tiles/layering that I can think of off the top of my head is in the Infirmary, where the ledges of the floors can be seen just kind of floating next to the ladder, as the had to be pushed back for the help desk.Regardless, though, this game isdefinatelyworth a play!"
76561198022465039,Recommended,420530,28282707,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Eternal,"Excellent game. Threw me for a loop multiple times with some surprising puzzles that required literal out of the box thinking. Really took advantage of being aware of the player character for some truly interesting and touching moments. Won't spoil anything, but will gladly say it's worth  every penny.Beat the game in 3.5hrs on my initial play-through for those of you concerned about play time, but was very satisfied."
,Recommended,420530,28283305,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,MrGarunimo,"The game appears to be quite... unsettling right of the bat. Yet it manages to completely capture you with an amazing immersion and bit by bit it manages to settle in with you.If you're an indie RPG, Undertale lover kind of gamer then this is definately a MUST. I have only experienced some time in it myself yet I feel incredibly drawn to it. I can tell it has oustanding potential in story telling!"
,Recommended,420530,30952777,Posted: 4 April,all,KhaoticPupper,"If you like attractive art style, great story line, and amazing 4th wall breaking, this game is a must. The characters are well developed and likable while the story just scream emotion. After playing OneShot and acquiring the true ending, it left me with a smile and a broken heart."
,Recommended,420530,30972326,Posted: 5 April,all,NeonIced,"Simple controls and game concept that does its jobStory 9.5/10Overall great concept, but at the endingit felt a little forced when the squares just happened to kill everyoneOtherwise, I loved it. Colourful real characters, and a story that flowed well.music 10/10Good music that sets the tone for every setting its great.Never thought the music didn't fit the tone of the scene is was in, and it really brought things together.gameplay 9/10a little because I'm bad at figuring out puzzles, and got particularly frustrated when Icouldn't figure out how to use exe. for the very first tower puzzlesbut overall, was easy enough to get with a little bit of time. Controls were easy to use and simple.Art 10/10Simple yet effective, especially with the cutscenes and the backgrounds. Character designs were the bomb.Overall 9.5/10Good stuff, would definitely recommendDefinitely worth my 11 bucks plus all the money I spent on tissues afterwards.Would play againyou have to play again"
,Recommended,420530,28545833,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,「Michael」,This game is amazing I recommend this. I want more games like this omg it's just great.
,Recommended,420530,28481643,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,blaman7,"This game is constantly breaking the foruth wall, and does it in a very good way. I would strongly recommend it."
76561198073622894,Recommended,420530,30824998,Posted: 29 March,all,acejokerhomie,"This game is by far the most compeling game i have ever played. after crawling my way around the store looking at new games i see oneshot, at first i looked at it and saw a normal average game. then when i saw the trailer i saw a amazing game. the new chapter brings amazing closure to the game as well and making me care for this cat boy. whilst all the same making me cry when i saw him leave never to return... this game is truly a oneshot oppertunity."
,Recommended,420530,30824572,Posted: 29 March,all,6dwavenminer,"You know when in some games the characters start to feel almost real to you...in this game there was no 'almost'...You know when in some games you almost feel as if you've made a real impact...in this game there was no 'almost'...You know when in some games you almost feel a tear in you're eye...in this game there was no 'almost'...There is nothing else I can say, but this is one of the best games I've played in a long time..."
76561198236370928,Recommended,420530,30824088,Posted: 29 March,all,Dr_KittyKat,AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH! This game is amazing! Also kitten!
,Recommended,420530,30824023,Posted: 29 March,all,Thaumcaster,"This game... WowThis is an amazing game.When I first whent into this game, I went in with really low expectations. I really didn't think that it would be good, but I became more and more involved with the story with every step Niko took. It eventually came to the point where I didn't want to stop playing. The game made characters that you actually care about (Something not enough story-driven games do well). The game also has really cool mechanics that break the 4th wall.Pros:Just about everything.Cons:It took me a while to actually start the game because there was no control menu/help thing at startup. (Press Z, just FYI)Conclusion:This game is definitely worth $10 (or however much it is currently). For a game like this, I'm supprised that it isn't as popular as, say, Undertale.10/10-IGNHope this review is informative/helpful (This is my first review)."
,Recommended,420530,30824079,Posted: 29 March,all,dead_eye_dude,"I never expected to get pulled into this game as much as I did. The story kept getting better as the game went on and the game did things that I never expected it would do.I would recommend this game to anyone who loves a good RPG, a good story and is somewhat proficient in how a computer works. If I could give this game an individual rating it would be 10/10 as it raises the bar in terms of what my previous 10/10 was (Undertale.....(still 10/10 though))."
76561198069103560,Recommended,420530,30824506,Posted: 29 March,all,ZacLink,Don't even think.Buy this game NOW.
76561198071739325,Recommended,420530,30824512,Posted: 29 March,all,Davidrays,I can't say much without spoiling the story but what I will tell you is that just like undertale you have choices on the world and their multiple endings the last ending i got was kinda touching. Very beautiful pixel art. So buying this you're getting a really well written story but it's not very long it took me 8 hours to get all the endings. I still really recommend this but I would say the game should be worth 5 or 6 dollars in my opionion.
76561198200814625,Recommended,420530,30824432,Posted: 29 March,all,noxlucis,"I know the sounds weird for a recommending review, but this game does NOT play fair."
76561198103814335,Recommended,420530,30824492,Posted: 29 March,all,Gavin,"I can review this game without spoiling it. All I can say is buy it. Buy it buy it buy it. Buy the soundtrack. Buy the game. Just, do it. I've only ever cried after finishing a story, this is that story."
,Recommended,420530,30824243,Posted: 29 March,all,Street Captain,"In the original ending, before the update, I teared up for sure. I might have cried a little, but I don't remember. It was months ago.After the Solstice update, there is a new ending... and this one?I haven't cried like this... in a very long time.If you're not the type of person who gets attached to video games, I would say don't bother. This game focuses on the bond between the player and the game, and if you just don't do that... there's nothing for you.However... if youarethe type of person who gets attached to fictional things... who has the creativity to truly believe in something that they know can't be real... buy this game. You will get the most out of it, and it will drain you, but you will be better for it. You will probably cry. At some points, you may want to stop altogether... but play through the game in its entirety and let it take you. I promise it's good."
,Recommended,420530,28347114,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,EddieSpaghetti,"EDIT:Solstice UpdateOne of thebest games I've played in a while. OneShot is a thrilling game that makes youthink outside the box (literally). While gameplay can be slow and tedius at times,these problems were overshadowed by the amazing story. Very few games make me care about a character, and OneShot didit within the first 10 minutesofgameplay. It'san amazing ride filled with twists and turns of all kind. Sadly,eventually it must because...You only have One Shot...With the Solstice update you unlock a whole breadth of new content and is possibly one of the best stories to ever grace a game in my opinion. Along with an amazing soundtrack this game is by far one of my favorite games to release in awhile. I absolutly recommend picking this game up to anyone, especially with the new content.Rating: 10/10"
,Recommended,420530,30818983,Posted: 29 March,all,katergames,"I will preface this review with the disclaimer that I don't think I will be able to express the beauty and wonder of this game in words. I will do my best, and I will keep it short.Immersive and subtly complex, OneShot perfectly executes a difficult storytelling technique to pull off: involving the player in the story as a character but in a way that makes them forget the world built by the creator is simply a game. It feels real, the characters feel real, the player feels a part of the world and comes to care about them as though they are real people. Unlike a lot of other immersive narratives and games, OneShot is more than an escape. It is a transformative experience, a story that is dear to my heart and feels like a real part of my lived experience.OneShot is more than worth it. Niko is counting on you.After all, you only have one shot."
76561198186137959,Recommended,420530,30818881,Posted: 29 March,all,fdpost,Im so sad... when will this game be made avilable for mac?
,Recommended,420530,28860309,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Jorderator,"I don't have words for how much I love this game. I originally bought OneShot because it was cheap and caught my eye while scrolling through the steam store, and I am so thankful I did. This game captivated me from the moment I started. The music is mysterious and completely enthralling, the art style is gorgeous, and the character dialogue is so well written that at times I had to remind myself that the arangements of pixels on my screen were not real people. And the best part, it doesn't deminish on replays, in fact, (at least for the first replay) the game changes! When I finished the first time, it left me so emotionally torn, that I immediately started again, and was astonished to notice changes the second time round! I am now about to start my third playthrough, as on the second time, I know I missed something, and normally I could ignore that, but with OneShot it pained me to know I missed a detail in this fascinating and wonderfully mysterious world. So please, don't look into this game, just buy it, and fall victim to the entrancing beauty that the devs have created in a small window on your computer (and outside it as well!)."
76561198027286210,Recommended,420530,31344109,Posted: 24 April,all,galwww,"undertale lead me to this game, and im glad it did.a bit heavy on dialog sometimes and a bit on the nose(until its not, i think?), this game is clever and uses puzzels in a way i dont see often in my life.the story is a mix of amazing and avarage.  but as a whole, i felt something from it! that feeling was worth my time and money, and theres still (more?) to play and uncover."
76561198133179271,Recommended,420530,31338256,Posted: 24 April,all,Fibbles,10/10 would have the computers call me a dumbass again
76561198066560808,Recommended,420530,31226956,Posted: 18 April,all,Starscream The Bearded,"Like a mesh between Undertale and Cave Story. The characters are well writen, story is good, the mechanics of the game at the end are really neat. I enjoyed it a lot, it's a short but sweet game with a fleshed out world and characters."
76561198176511011,Recommended,420530,31226576,Posted: 18 April,all,CrimsonCommando,"i highly recomend this game for anyone who enjoys a good story. big warning however, i i recomend having a strong heart going into this game. it hit me really hard, i cryed. i love this game."
76561198047352509,Recommended,420530,31226059,Posted: 18 April,all,zomberkitty,Destroyed me emotionally 10/10
76561198060396140,Recommended,420530,31220487,Posted: 18 April,all,Velveeta,"One of the best games I've ever played.It actually made me question what can be classified as real when talking about a simulated reality. In the future if we create a general AI who's to say a world it creates is any less real than our own.The characters were really endearing and the way it interacts with the player is incredebly cool. I don't know if I'll ever play it again, not because it was a bad experience, but because now that I've played through the real ending I feel like I would be disrepecting the world by playing it again."
,Recommended,420530,31223247,Posted: 18 April,all,ᴺᵞᵀᴱᶻ,"10/10...Extremely emotional game. If you or someone else plans on playing this game, please play with an open mind. From one human to another, this will effect you. Thx to the creators of OneShot."
76561198049905665,Recommended,420530,31223537,Posted: 18 April,all,Senamer,"Wow. Just when you think you know what's going on, plot twist!I've done all three endings (yes, three) and it's interesting to see how your interactions with Niko effect them."
76561198136638477,Recommended,420530,31239252,Posted: 19 April,all,Simetraarty,"This is such a beautiful game, I love the interactions, the characters, the art, everything. 10/10 would play again."
,Recommended,420530,31194050,Posted: 17 April,all,Blooboncus,i love it
,Recommended,420530,31187388,Posted: 16 April,all,tjpc3,"When people say this game breaks the fourth wall that is an understatement.This game takes the fourth wall, puts it through a woodchipper, gets The Hulk to beat it with Negan's Lucille, sets the pieces on fire with nitrous oxide, submerges the pieces in sulfuric acid, and puts them on a rocket headed for the sun that also has  exactly 213 thermonuclear warheads attached to it.This game makes my head hurt."
,Recommended,420530,31246432,Posted: 19 April,all,Kid Justice Gaming,Best game ever 11/10 :)
76561198074462697,Recommended,420530,31246640,Posted: 19 April,all,Verthal,Undertale meets monkey island with a whole lot of emotional impact. 10/10 would have another shot
76561198024852311,Recommended,420530,31248114,Posted: 19 April,all,Mr.Fauncy,This is one smart game. For ten bucks you can get a feels coaster and make a cat friend that likes pancakes. Worth it.
76561198123883129,Recommended,420530,31249424,Posted: 19 April,all,blueshadowcat,"Buy this game! I honestly don't think I need to say more than that. (seriousy it's awesome, and the solstice update was perfect) but be careful, you only have oneshot."
76561198042112617,Recommended,420530,31253611,Posted: 20 April,all,swolf75,"Don't compare this to Undertale, just don't. There's a subtleness to this game's setting that's a completely different sort of thing than Undertale had. In thinking back on it, I like this game's characters so much more as they're not all walking memes...There's also commentary about AI here that I found very interesting (though they really could have avoided using the Three Laws in general)."
76561198335658481,Recommended,420530,31257106,Posted: 20 April,all,jackiechan1062,"Just know, you only have one shot."
,Recommended,420530,31245611,Posted: 19 April,all,Oakmana,"Destroys the fourth wall, and has an entire new playthrough the second time over. If you play it again, it will make you cry, PERIOD."
,Recommended,420530,31348432,Posted: 24 April,all,LoggOnn,"Simply one of the best games  I have ever played. Great soundtrack, spectactular storytelling, surreal decisions, mixed in with witty humor and that constant break-the-fourth-wall mechanic that we all loveso much."
76561198018452111,Recommended,420530,31349853,Posted: 24 April,all,AdmiralAckbar,I got this game just before the Solstice Update and I gotta say I loved this game. Do NOT UNDERESTIMATE the STORY or Niko. This game will take your heart for a trip.
76561198197869197,Recommended,420530,31353273,Posted: 25 April,all,Cabs31,"I received so much enjoyment from this game. As an adventure game it whisks you away on a journey and also tests your puzzle skills. A great game to play in a calm manner. It also has an incredible OST, I would highly reccommend you check it out!"
,Recommended,420530,32803771,Posted: 26 June,all,JeranBluehill,"Really original game. The mechanics used in this game makes me think of Undertale, but done in it's own unique  fashion that I deeply appreciated. The characters hit a sweet archetype that I'm particularly fond of. The soundtrack and art of the game is fantastic. The game shines in its protrayal of the player, Neko, and the antagonist. I would make it a must play for people who enjoy exploring a world and enjoy interesting meta-gameplayUnfortunately the game does reuse a lot of background assets and the world is very easy to get lost in. Some portions of the game are pretty hand held, which is nice for younger audiences and some of the more unintuitive puzzles, but ended up being a bit too forced for my liking."
76561198048035166,Recommended,420530,32769716,Posted: 25 June,all,Garvado,Teared up like a little child.Goodbye Niko
,Recommended,420530,32734530,Posted: 24 June,all,ℛøßεґ⊥ø,"This is the best game I have ever played. If you like games that mess with your head a bit you'll LOVE OneShot I personally think this is one of the most amazing games / pieces of art that exist or ever will exist. I hope these people will continue to make games as amazing, or even better than this one I loved everything about it! If you get the money you should definately buy this game to expirence it for yourself because a Let's Play woln't give you the same expirence as actually playing the game."
76561198083502280,Recommended,420530,32773090,Posted: 25 June,all,Password:••••••••,"Don't read anymore reviews, just play it."
76561197990194469,Recommended,420530,32782835,Posted: 25 June,all,Varshyl,"It started out as a simple and cute adventure game.  The characters are very charming and the art is fantastic.  The first playthrough were bland with some novel puzzles that broke the fourth wall.  But I'm glad I sticked it out til the end when I went for the true end, that's when the game starts to illuminate its true form with thought-provoking themes that's very similar to those being presented in philosophy of simulation and perception of reality."
76561198045440411,Recommended,420530,32797770,Posted: 25 June,all,glboivie,"Amazing. Didn't have many expectations when going in, and it just blew me away with it's extremely unique artstyle and story. The puzzles take just enough thought that it's not brainless but enough for an idiot like me to solve. The fourth wall breaks are brilliant and placed pretty well, the soundtrack is excellent, the story is charming, and the end made me cry. So glad I got this game and I'm thinking about gifting it to a friend. If you liked Undertale, then you'll love this game even more. Highly recommend especially now that it's on sale. 10/10"
,Recommended,420530,32745537,Posted: 24 June,all,(Sh) Disconcerting Discrepancy,This game is of the few that have actually made me feel something.
76561198381169599,Recommended,420530,32798762,Posted: 25 June,all,madalynbrooks64,"The most emotionally gripping, morally tripping, and mentally thrilling game you could download. Short enough to play in a day or two this game wraps you around its finger from the start and doesn't let go. An ""out of the window"" adventure like .exe games, it emerses you at the fullest level. I want to relive this adventure like I want to relive reading the Harry Potter series."
76561198013769403,Recommended,420530,32737467,Posted: 24 June,all,Hat n Clogs,This must've been the most touching game I've ever played.I've read and played a ton of stories which try to pull you in but none has come anywhere close to this one.
76561198025816309,Recommended,420530,32801485,Posted: 25 June,all,owen92,"Great game, only problem is that now i can't get myself to delete it from my computer, that would feel just wrong"
76561198377803410,Recommended,420530,32750880,Posted: 24 June,all,ledzeplin280,Great game with interesting story that makes you think. very memorable.
,Recommended,420530,32752720,Posted: 24 June,all,NSMP,"Hands down one of the best games I've ever played and now that I have finished it, I'm craving for more!10/10"
,Recommended,420530,32777772,Posted: 25 June,all,DonutComeForMe,"Holy Smokes. This game is amazing. I found it difficult at times but it didnt deter me from playing. The graphics are good , the soundtrack is good and the overall storyline is great. It's got unconventional mechanics and some of them are so clever. This game makes you think, it's not a mindless game that you can play without really paying attention."
,Recommended,420530,32822848,Posted: 26 June,all,Kanister,Just buy it. Words can't do it justice.
76561198085190025,Recommended,420530,32834476,Posted: 26 June,all,Kuresov,"I never write reviews. In fact, this is the first review I have ever written for a game, as far as I can recall.This game is something very, very special. It's entirely meta, incredibly clever and endearing, and completely absorbing. I never thought I could become so attached to a character or story told in this format, but it absolutely happened. In fact, the idea of finishing this game is kind of looming for me- I don't want it to end! OneShot grabbed me in the first half hour, and a couple after that I just had to gift another copy to someone else.Don't read any spoilers! Just buy it, and enjoy the journey. You won't regret it!"
,Recommended,420530,32837572,Posted: 26 June,all,Spookagetton,"this game was incredibe, it is uncommon that you can create such a strron bond with a protagonist and a player, but one shot has done that and more. 10/10"
76561197983241416,Recommended,420530,32834976,Posted: 26 June,all,Goodtime Goodboy,Very good adventure game with an almost overwhelmingly lovable main character.
,Recommended,420530,32832978,Posted: 26 June,all,Liimanappi,One of a kind experience that reaches and crosses the boundaries of a normal video game.
,Recommended,420530,28481415,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Chief Tyrol,"Beautiful pixel RPG; be wary though, once you start playing you won't want to stop"
,Recommended,420530,28479909,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,CanadianCider,"Not many games make me want to write a review, especially good reviews. I love this game. The art is amazing. The gameplay is next level using things I never thought a game would use. The fourth wall aspect made things even more interesting. This game drew me in and allowed me to make a connection to the character. I highly recommend this game. For the $10 CAD I paid I am happy with the game although it was a bit short."
76561198052197019,Recommended,420530,28466605,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,CorruptedGaia,"A charming game with likable chracters and intresting storytelling.My favorit game of 2016, higly recmoned this one."
,Recommended,420530,28478877,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Nix the Cat,I like this game a lot. I recomend it.
76561198050159460,Recommended,420530,28479525,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,ElSupremo,"A fantastically engaging world.  I have honestly never been more invested in a character than poor little Niko.  I've also never sat down to start my second playthrough immediately after finishing my first before!  One Shot is the rare game that manages to combine incredible narrative and characters with innovative and, at times, mind-bending mechanics.  This isn't just a puzzle game that makes you think differently, like Portal was back in the day.  It challenges the very nature of games themselves by addressing the relationship between player, character, and game world.  Buy it!  Buy it, buy it!"
,Recommended,420530,30967011,Posted: 5 April,all,Ihateyoumr,+The game's art style is amazing+The world is immersive+Great soundtrack+Great Story10/10
76561198101112296,Recommended,420530,28384119,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,henn,"The game's fairly short, but I've never felt more invested in a protagonist before. The soundtrack makes falling in love with this game easy as well. If you're one the fence about buying it, just go for it and get it!"
76561198123548304,Recommended,420530,28381279,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Sanae's Bread,"It's a short, little story-based puzzle game made in RPG Maker, so I didn't expect much out of it. Boy did this game prove me wrong. Its storytelling is wonderfully done, and occasinally manages to pull off some moments of genuine paranoia. I can't go very deep into why this game is so enjoyable as it would spoil the experience, but know that the game is absolutely worth the price, and is my favorite game this year."
76561197972510461,Recommended,420530,28386012,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Urthdigger,"An utterly delightful game full of charming characters and visuals. It's not a difficult game by any means, and rather short, but this is a game you play more for the characters you meet along the way, and the fun things it does with the gameplay."
76561198030138794,Recommended,420530,28337193,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,DNAbro,"I immensely enjoyed my short time with this game. The bond between you and the main character feels fantastic and I really felt for the little guy by the end of the game. How the game messes with your computer felt incredibly interesting and  constantly kept me surprised. The lore and world it seems to build around that idea is also interesting though, I don't fully understand it yet, and I think that's on purpose.  The music,art, and characters build a stunning atmosphere and world that I won't be forgetting soon.Definitely reccomend it."
,Recommended,420530,28367672,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Mr.Munkey,"Oneshot is a story told through a game. This game will toy with you, it will make you laugh, it will make you think, it will make you happy, and it will make you sad.There are many things about this game I want to say without spoiling its meaty story, but all I can do is rely on good faith that just by merely giving praise and reccomending this game will persaude readers to buy this. Its only $10 at full price so there isn't much to lose for a good experience.I say all of this after giving it my Oneshot."
,Recommended,420530,30972995,Posted: 5 April,all,Pxil,"This is one of the greatest games i have ever played! The storyline was amazing and it had a great concept, it also contained amazing components that made the game so much more alive. At moments it felt as if i wasnt controlling the character but as if the character controlled themselves as we guided eachother  on an amazing adventure. The puzzles got difficult at times but when i completed them i felt as if a whole new oppurtunitry opened and i had never really know what had come next. The ending was way different then i expected but it made me really think about how important every step of the game actually was which led me to my final decision. It was extremely well made and my experience in this game was just overall astounding!"
,Recommended,420530,31180820,Posted: 16 April,all,kefka_1998,"It's a beautiful mix of Undertale and Cave Story, without any of the combat, and 100% more cats eating pancakes."
76561198240330038,Recommended,420530,31180812,Posted: 16 April,all,A Very Scary Sheep,How to play a good game: play this game if you dont have this get a job instead of living in a box because this is the game that everyone should have its a great game great art great plot great character development this is a must have IF YOUR READING THIS I HAVE TO SAY SOMETHING IF YOU DONT HAVE ITBUYTHISGAME
76561198105056205,Recommended,420530,31066380,Posted: 10 April,all,Snippy,How am I supposed to focus on the gameplay when I'm too busing being played by the game?
,Recommended,420530,31185800,Posted: 16 April,all,SpringTrapPayz,This was a great game also the story was great I have not seen the true ending but intend to. I hope the creators put out more content like this that gets you emotionally involved with the characters.
76561198239384600,Recommended,420530,31169611,Posted: 15 April,all,nordicglove,never has a game made me feel as many motions as this game. Easily worth the 10$. My one word of advice would beDO NOT EXIT THE GAME EARLY.
,Recommended,420530,31170752,Posted: 15 April,all,skatestorm,"This game was one of the most fantastic experiences I have ever had. The story was compelling in a way I didn't even think was possible, pulling me in emotionally like no other has. The graphics are delightfully simple yet beautiful in their own right. The characters are memorable and do an amazing job building their personality, especially Niko. The gameplay is compelling and satisfying without feeling like filler or slow; you have a genuine desire to see this game through, to unravel the mystery, to know the story, and to help anyone you can.Words alone don't do this game justice. If you love to see a beautifully developed world and characters interact with one another; if you desire a story that pulls and pushes you to the edge and back; if you seek an adventure that you'll never forget; GET THIS GAME. It is absolutely worth it."
76561198271985435,Recommended,420530,31169767,Posted: 15 April,all,reconteam4444,"I could not more highly reccommend this game. I haven't been this emotionally invested in a character in a long, long time. This game is worth every single cent it costs, and I would have frankly paid twice to three times the amount for how much I enjoyed the game."
76561198023105909,Recommended,420530,30263748,Posted: 1 March,all,Cerulean,"Amazing story with adorable characters and a main character that you will be too attached to by the end.It starts slow, but it gets better and better until the very end.The use of ""out of game"" mechanics are innovative and adds to the game in terms of mechanics and story.Highly recommended."
76561198135389949,Recommended,420530,30256660,Posted: 1 March,all,MasterThumbs,"So i won't lie, story wise this game is pretty average. Ok a bit above average, a good 7/10. HOWEVER. The gameplay is amazing. the puzzles are fantastic, the smallest stuff that you wouldnt even think to notice is probably the thing you need to progress. they arent hard, they just require you to pay attention, and in some cases think outside the box. All in all this isprobably the game with the absolute best price to enjoyment ratio ive ever gotten.Easy 10/10, would totally be an in game character again."
76561198271970242,Recommended,420530,30254961,Posted: 28 February,all,♥ FluffyStar ♥,"I find this game very enjoyable. The story and characters feel good to know and like. For a short game, it does a lot."
76561198070453678,Recommended,420530,30268381,Posted: 1 March,all,Mers,A really compelling game. I got so invested into the character so quick. It made the experience one to remember. I HIGHLY reccomend buying this game. It is a worthwhile purchase.
76561198053149751,Recommended,420530,31181182,Posted: 16 April,all,caw caw,"One of the most impacting games I've ever played, about a cat, a lightbulb, and pancakesno, really, its fantasticniko is one of the most interesting character I've ever played as and the atmosphere of the world is greatandSolstice ending was too beautifulplay oneshot"
76561198297171878,Recommended,420530,31293029,Posted: 22 April,all,Krisshadow216,This game is unique with it's gameplay and I live it (Niko is also adorable)
76561198245640782,Recommended,420530,31288344,Posted: 21 April,all,Fentro,"THIS GAME MADE ME HAVE FEELS ASDFGHJ, But still, Love the game and its story."
76561198126847299,Recommended,420530,31298100,Posted: 22 April,all,Vorgozz,11/10 Would cry again.
,Recommended,420530,31286322,Posted: 21 April,all,LPSZombie,Just buy it already.
76561198051167877,Recommended,420530,31307417,Posted: 22 April,all,Nexus³,"This game has made me cry, a lot. I'm not the type to cry, ever, but this game managed to make me so attached to a character to make me feel what the character is going through, not to mention how the game makes it incredibly immersive in a really imaginative way. I recommend this game over any other currently."
76561198242689590,Recommended,420530,31303994,Posted: 22 April,all,Scorpazor,"I went into this game expecting it to be amazing. ""Amazing"", is a HUGE understatement for how utterly brilliant this game is designed. If you want to enjoy this game to the fullest, go into it knowing as little as possible. Spoilers are your worst enemy. And if you get stuck on a puzzle, never search up a guide. The answer will come to you eventually, as you learn to think more and more outside the box."
,Recommended,420530,28481657,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Afterglow,"In this game, two characters know that you, the player, are there.The protagonist,and something else."
76561198127692561,Recommended,420530,28483758,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Hatler,"Remember that time when you got hit by the feel train called Undertale? Now you and lying of the railroad, thinking ""Awww all those feels, it hurts"" and get ran over by another feel train called Oneshot again.9/10 would feel againThis game doesn't even have a good ending, ♥♥♥♥ me"
,Recommended,420530,28450287,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Destiny_IX,Niko / 10
76561198143305124,Recommended,420530,28450953,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,tortillakind,This is honestly one of the best games I've ever played!! The soundtrack and art are beautiful and the atmosphere pulls you in right away! Its a very beautiful story and Niko is such an endearing character!!!
,Recommended,420530,28452555,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Capt_Percy,Wow... This was a very interesting experience to say at least. I recommend this game to anyone out there who doesn't need a game to have action in it but who wants to play a nice game for a few hours. Now if you will excuse me I am going to lay in bed... crying...
,Recommended,420530,28453035,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Henry Hundred,TONS of replay valueThat's a joke.
76561198036707835,Recommended,420530,30976772,Posted: 6 April,all,Count Forte,"My relationship with this game is odd. For a time, I felt negatively about it because some of the story elements' impact on me were dulled by some unfortunate spoilers... but in retrospect, I can't blame the game - when viewed objectively, it's great (possibly even near-Undertale level).Story - 5/5 - Great mix of lighthearted and dark; hopeless and hopeful.Gameplay - 4/5 - Nothing novel, but it plays the ""point and click adventure"" well. Puzzles make more logical sense than most adventure games, and no item or solution is too obscure. What really makes this game shine is its blending of gameplay and story - without spoiling it, there are elements that break the fourth wall and require interaction you might not expect. This element alone would have earned its Gameplay 5/5 if not for the fact that its adventure game mechanics are fairly simple and its pace can be a bit slow (though one might argue that that makes it atmospheric).Presentation - 4/5 - It has charming pixel graphics that rise above the average ""typical pixel indie game"" due to great use of lighting and lack of ""black borders."" Its UI is clean and efficient, and it offers possibly the most user-friendly fast travel system I've seen.Music - 4.5/5 - The music is a strong accompaniment to the story. It captures its intended emotion and duality quite well, and can be quite atmospheric. While it doesn't necessarily highlight any important moments, the sheer strength of some of the area soundtracks make exploration memorable. I find myself listening to several of the tracks long after completion for inspiration.The Verdict - There was a free RPGMaker version of this game which I assume is still available, but if you feel like supporting the devs, or you want the ""finished"" version - which DOES come with updates that provide a more complete ending, get this game. Due to some of the mechanics, it's best experienced an entire playthrough at a time, so just keep that in mind, and clear 4-5 hours from your schedule and run with it."
,Recommended,420530,28447193,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Wiillo,"Prosgreat waifu materialfun puzzlesnoice storyroombanice music and sound effectsConssome puzzles are just trial and error which can be anoyinga few plot holes eg: the whole ""tamed"" thing never got explaind (at least not in my play throughOver all it has a distinct Undertale vibe going on, just without battlesI give it a Niko/10"
,Recommended,420530,28448260,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Logifanogi,"Amazing game! Definitely worth the money. It's one of the only RPG maker games I've played, and I have to say, I'm quite impressed. The music, the visuals, the story, it's all such a nice blend. The ending made me cry, well..the ending I chose. ;w;"
76561198046233727,Recommended,420530,28438912,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,dfens00,"Although these types of games are not usually my thing, I took a chance and got Oneshot. Wow, what a great game!  Nice music that help set the tone of what's going on well, an interesting as heck story, and characters you really connect to. Them feels, man.  Not a very long game (a few hours) but feels like a full experience. Thumbs up!"
,Recommended,420530,28439768,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Mantis King,The first adventure/puzzle game I've been compelled to play to completion. It has some very unique puzzles and an interesting world. I would recommend going in as blind as possible. It is well worth your time.
76561198202741049,Recommended,420530,28433917,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,He Was A MOOG!,"You need to play this game blind.Stop reading this review and buy it now, trust me!That being said, I will now attempt to explain to you why you should purchase this game. OneShot is a surreal puzzle game that enjoys breaking the fourth wall. If you liked Undertale, Off, Ib, Lisa, or any of the other semi-Earthbound-esque RPGs with horror elements; this game is not far from it. I enjoyed the puzzles and fourth wall breaks. They were often incredibly clever and never failed to keep me interested. So, yeah, go play it... uh... I can't really think of anything else to say.I rate it 10/10,"
,Recommended,420530,28790753,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Ineffectual,"To put it lazily, OneShot is an Undertale-esque game, with a heavier emphasis on dialogue and puzzle solving, albeit significantly shorter.If it counts for anything, the engaging premise and the game mechanics that go with it will really draw you in.*SOLSTICE UPDATE*Whoo, what a ride. Not going to spoil anything but the update gives a very poignant conclusion to an already great narrative.Get this game. It's a really unique experience."
76561198290243730,Recommended,420530,30924593,Posted: 3 April,all,( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),brings tears to my eyes
,Recommended,420530,28461255,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,CaptainFanGuy,Excellent game that is a great experience all the way through.
76561198377772346,Recommended,420530,30969127,Posted: 5 April,all,ShareWears,"i really love this game so far, the music, the atmosphere, and the characters are all very nice."
76561198148045345,Recommended,420530,30764018,Posted: 26 March,all,EdgyGoblin,"Games that break the 4th wall have always appealed to me but this game is by far my favorite game ever to come out PERIOD. It is also has a great story while also keeping the player feeling that they are actually appart of the story, and that they actually matter...This game is absolutely amazing and definitely worth the 10$"
76561198082038794,Recommended,420530,30970449,Posted: 5 April,all,Bloodthirsty Weasel,I was never paranoid in this game ... until the penguin talked back.
76561198276366316,Recommended,420530,30972550,Posted: 5 April,all,Draeseicos,OneShot is an amazing game that draws you in with lovable characters and an amazing soundtrack. The game had me laughing out loud on several occasions and near to tears on others. I cannot recommend this game more.
,Recommended,420530,30969835,Posted: 5 April,all,AegisHexad,"Amazing game. Truly stellar story, and I love the way the game breaks the fourth wall to immerse the player."
76561198052390158,Recommended,420530,28318791,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Momokumo,"I'm only 2 hours in but the game is  very interesting.If you like Undertale and OFF, I'm pretty sure you would enjoy this game."
,Recommended,420530,28326967,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Neon,"Great Game!! Interesting StoryThe Puzzle and adventure  style game which might take a long time to complete (If you don't use any guide).Also  the game system is quite interesting,it interact with you to make you feel more realistic and love the characters.P.S  the system that interact with the desktop is really interesting.Although some may not like it."
,Recommended,420530,28324014,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,NinSonNar13,"Barely into it but I am loving this.I don't really want to say much, as this is something you want to go into blind.Even reading some other reviews might ruin it a bit for you...So if this is the only review you've read, I suggest stopping here and dropping the $10 to get into it."
,Recommended,420530,28311331,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,ISEDR,I just finished this game. I feel crushed. Smashed. But also happy that I played such a masterpiece.
76561198134255048,Recommended,420530,28309815,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,adaptat10ns,11/10 will feel feels again (but lol i cant anymore) T_T
,Recommended,420530,28313347,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,~Alan~,"Wow. Just wow. I never liked these kinds of games, but this one had me mesmerized. Just give it a go, it's all I can say, it's fairly simple in gameplay, but the storyline makes up for it. A lot of fun and something else I've never experienced in a game before. Don't want to spoil anything so that's as much as I can say."
,Recommended,420530,28347403,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,A Wake of Vultures,"A charming and simple adventure game with 4th wall breaking qualities. About a little cat boy (He's not a cat!) trying to restore the sun of a dying, dark world. There is no combat or adversity besides a force that is best described through playing the game itself- so as to avoid a pretty big spoiler.This is not entirely similar to Undertale in gameplay, but reminicient at least in tone and execution. Heart wrenching ending and short enough to beat even with steam induced ADD. I might compare this most to Sam and Max hit the road without voice acting.Cute secrets and satisfying story, albeit not detailed enough to feel as though the world is entirely fleshed out. If it was on a ten scale, I would rate the game a 7 out of 10. Points loss for weak graphics and poor map design, but otherwise strong concept and solid execution of core thesis.I'd buy it."
76561198108352716,Recommended,420530,28293858,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,10100  Programer [MDKAWND],"This game is the most fun I have had in a non-sandbox game for a long time, the story is rich, and the way the game makes you care for the main character is remarkable, I would recommend this game to anyone who enjoys RPG’s or anyone who likes good storytelling."
,Recommended,420530,28279017,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,jamesraylee,"The way I measure how good a story is, is by measuring the gaping hole it leaves in your heart at the ending.  :("
,Recommended,420530,33261811,Posted: 4 July,all,Esteban M.,"This game is an enormous trolley-problem. I would not say it is mind-blowing as some people here say. Each decission you make cannot be taken back. It is like real life in that sense, and it is a very nostalgic game because of that.This game has some great story-telling and has some pretty amazing mechanics I personally had not seen before. The creators take advantage of the fact that you manage a computer, and they explode the environment in creative ways.This game is worth the money, the time and the effort. Thank you, Little Cat Feet."
76561198328089930,Recommended,420530,33262937,Posted: 4 July,all,ChaoticCancer,"This game is extreamly imersive in unexpected ways. I got the lucky chance to go into the game blind and was able to enjoy it to the fullest, I still have yet to fully experience everything. I reccomend going in with as little information as possible.I did have to use a walkthrough for some segments of the game, but it did not ruin the immersion or feel of the game while using one."
76561198168550923,Recommended,420530,33262045,Posted: 4 July,all,catseyecrake,"This game was beautiful and made my heart hurt I cared about Niko so much. Never has a game directly involved the player so intensely. You are not Niko, you are you. You and Niko are doing this mission together. And it is so beautiful and involved. I love it. Top five favorite games of all time. Easily."
,Recommended,420530,32908804,Posted: 27 June,all,platinum rice,"As someone who owns a lot of games, this gem is my favourite game of all time. It tells a story in a way you won't ever have expected and the result of that is a very meaningful experience - the ending gave me chills like no other game has before.The puzzles are well designed and make you think outside of the box (literally), the characters are loveable, and there is a perfect amount of dialogue. Top all of this off with amazing art and music and you get one heck of a game.Hit that purchase button - I promise you that you won't regret it."
,Recommended,420530,33249108,Posted: 4 July,all,Barto,"You are in the game. Literally.""Finishing"" it made me feel so weird/bad.Really touching story.You really want to protect the character you ""play"".Great soundtrack.REALLY clever gameplay mechanics I've never seen before.A game you won't forget.vewy noice"
,Recommended,420530,33247601,Posted: 4 July,all,Supercalifragilistic,"I did not expect this game to be this amazing and heartbreaking. After finishing Undertale, which most people will compare it to at face value, I was looking for another game that had emotional impact. What I found was OneShot, something I would like to call tragic Undertale on steroids.ProsGreat StoryThough it might not appear like it at first, the story has a great deal of depth. I can't really go into detail without spoiling anything. Just start playing it and prepare for tears.Beautiful OSTThough not my style, it fitted the game beautifully. The OST is very serene and of high quality.Great EnvironmentsThe world itself is mesmerizing, even if it is done in simplistic pixel graphics.ConsClunky Level LayoutThe level design is sometimes confusing and requires a lot of walking back and forth to find out where to go. It doesn't ruin the experience, though.The Walking SoundThe only other issue I have with this game is the walking sounds. I personally found them getting annoying as the game progressed. But it is a really minor issue.Why are you still reading this? Buy this game! You won't forget this one easily."
,Recommended,420530,33248150,Posted: 4 July,all,Hexer,"By far one of the best games that I have ever played.ProsInteresting story that breaks the fourth wall and messes with your PCAdorable main character that you can interact withWell written and interesting side characters that feel natural in the worldBeautiful art despite pixel graphicsGreat soundtrackConsSome of the puzzles can be too simple to solveOther than dialogue and puzzles this game does not have much else, some people might find this boring as a resultI can't say too much else in case I spoil anything, so I highly suggest you get this game to find out anything elseDefinitely 9/10 for me"
76561198115462088,Recommended,420530,33256197,Posted: 4 July,all,Talesbros,I dont get attached to characters in games i just dontThis game thought that was funny.REAL REVIEWWithout spoiling it its a good gameatmosphere: 9/10music10/10story9/10FEELS11/1This game is in my eyes better than undertaleDo yourself a favor dont spoil it and just grab it.Id like to note this is one of 2 games that i have botherd to review.
76561198310466967,Recommended,420530,33260351,Posted: 4 July,all,tkent1023,"The premise of this game is that you, the player, are a seperate entity from the character you control. You're not so much playing the game AS Niko as playing the game WITH Niko. This unique approach makes the world of this game far more immersive and believable than anything you're probably used to.The game has an extremely similar style to Undertale in how it challenges and subverts traditional game tropes in unexpected and humanizing ways, though the gameplay is quite different. There is absolutely no combat or fighting in OneShot; instead, you'll be travelling the world in search of items, information, and people with which to solve puzzles and problems. If you liked Undertale's style of making you, the player, feel uniquely responsible for your actions and behaviors - actions that as a gamer you wouldn't have even thought about - buy this game yesterday. Heck, even if you didn't play Undertale, buy this game yesterday.Also: Keep an eye out for the secret Solstice ending for the full picture."
76561198146020326,Recommended,420530,33258903,Posted: 4 July,all,Malloy,Holy♥♥♥♥♥
76561198301250671,Recommended,420530,33330536,Posted: 6 July,all,Febreeze-io,"Beautiful.  Just...beautiful.The story is amzing, Niko is amzing, the ending is amzing,...It's just too much to put into words.Buy this game and experience it yourself, that's all that I can say."
,Recommended,420530,33315966,Posted: 6 July,all,VectoR,Best game ever made! Love it so much! Actually made me crying :D
76561198201577962,Recommended,420530,33329625,Posted: 6 July,all,pbpixel,If you want to feel guilty forever then go buy this game!
,Recommended,420530,33304390,Posted: 6 July,all,Daddison,"0 is the amount of times I'd expect a joke channel like SiIvaGunner would make me buy an amazing game. A very good RPG I must say.Dont lewd the not cat kid. No really they're like, 8 you sick ♥♥♥♥"
76561198036945700,Recommended,420530,33326394,Posted: 6 July,all,arcarnan,"the experimental methods was a little confusing at times, but i really it"
76561198040653599,Recommended,420530,33331872,Posted: 6 July,all,Jeanette,"Outstanding. A game that breaks the 4th wall in a fairly unconventional way. The pixel art is nice, the music is very relaxing and the story tugs at the hearstrings. Be warned, though, this is essentially a single playthrough purchase. Be sure you want to play through for story and not for gameplay. You will not be able to play the game again without some code-breaking effort."
76561198152144712,Recommended,420530,33330423,Posted: 6 July,all,bibibibibi,"I bought the soundtrack just to support the developers. 10/10 game, similar in style to undertale (yeah, I know, but it's something people will recongnize) But imo better."
76561198086201077,Recommended,420530,33331339,Posted: 6 July,all,That companion cube,Just play it already.
76561198328106977,Recommended,420530,33315391,Posted: 6 July,all,roscats,"One of my favorite games of all time.The art is beautifully pixelated. The music is atmospheric. The character development is well thought out. I grew attached to every single character. And most importantly, the story was simply amazing. The first part was great on it's own, and the second part was absolutely a perfect idea.I will admit... *spoiler*... I kind of panicked when I thought I could never play the game again lol. *end spoiler*"
,Recommended,420530,33326715,Posted: 6 July,all,Learn),10 minutes into the game and I knew it would make me cry. And it did.Very well made game anyone who likes a good story will enjoy.
,Recommended,420530,31534465,Posted: 3 May,all,Sybersama,"This game is a masterpiece. Despite its simple mechanics and art style, OneShot has a deep, thought provoking story and explores game concepts rarely seen in the current market. Masterfully written and presented, it embodies the idea of a game simultaneously simple and complex, and has excellent replay value, along with a few surprises along the way. A game on the level of Undertale and Portal. Definitely a must-play."
,Recommended,420530,31532426,Posted: 3 May,all,Nikopaw,"This game is really great, I have nothing to say... This is why I like quests games... I like solving mysteries, as well as performing the mission of the ""messiah"" is to bring the sun back (Or lead Niko to bring the sun back). But the game has something special which no other games have, isNiko- the main character. He just like he've brought us into real life. The storyboard is really awesome either, and also mixed with regretness in the ending. After this Solstice Update, I'd like to go and check out the new bonus level. This game makes my - cry. Inside only*sips*I rate this game 9.5/10. Keep up the good work!"
76561198144756245,Recommended,420530,31567674,Posted: 5 May,all,gloppykyle,this game was amazing! i loved it! it was very interesting and fun! everyone should give this a try!
76561198036617112,Recommended,420530,31565740,Posted: 5 May,all,Xtreampro,"A amazing fourth wall shattering story,"
76561198115367767,Recommended,420530,31570746,Posted: 5 May,all,Vyaris,"One of the best stories I've had the pleasure to experience, truly a masterpiece of storytelling. This game surpasses Undertale and even To the Moon. I can't say much without spoiling, so if you're into the type of games I mentioned earlier, then this game will be an amazing experience for you."
,Recommended,420530,31574196,Posted: 5 May,all,BusiedGem,y e s
76561198084223753,Recommended,420530,31582455,Posted: 6 May,all,philipok23,One of the best games I played. It's quality of story is comparable with Bastion's and originality is on a whole new level. I would highly recommend it to anyone who has a bit of patience and maybe don't look up all the solutions to the puzzles because they're simple but require you to think outside the box.
76561198103350639,Recommended,420530,31595256,Posted: 6 May,all,Sunlight Scrub,"Possibly one of the best RPG Maker games out there. This game has some of the coolest puzzles I've seen and I cannot help but mention that this game actually made me tear up at the end before and after the content update, and there are an extreme few games that have done that to my cold decrepit husk. I heartily recommend this game to anyone who enjoys a story that discusses some extremely meta ideas about games and software in general, as well as people who like interesting puzzles with somewhat novel gimmick becuase I couldn't think of a game in my experience that has done the things that OneShot has."
,Recommended,420530,31608835,Posted: 7 May,all,gh0stie csgoroll.com,"Very immersive. Does a good job at making you feel like you are part of the game. It is similar to Undertale but has no fighting involved. You really connect with the characters (and might want to cry after two runs.) After the patch, you can see that this story is VERY well written. Puzzles have various difficulties, you might find yourself confused at first but don't give up! Try to explore the map more!"
,Recommended,420530,29152404,Posted: 9 January,all,Seerax,"Great atmosphere, storyline, music and 4th wall break."
76561198013189743,Recommended,420530,31575144,Posted: 6 May,all,Beardo Weirdo,Broke my heart. 10/10
76561198255847781,Recommended,420530,31447090,Posted: 29 April,all,MasterSeth2003,"I just completed One Shot, a.k.a. the only game that can do what Undertale does. Well, everything except the fanbase. as of such, I shall write another poem to describe how good this game is, since I once again can't tell you in mere sentences. Here we go.(DISCLAIMER: This poem has many references to Undertale, even though it's about One Shot. I'm sorry, I can't stop myself.)Just One Shot  By masterseth2003Dark, darker, yet darker.A world with no light to shine.A world not worth saving.With some, that is fine.A messiah, on little cat feet.Forced to save them all.Just like the angel from the surface.With no wings to slow his fall.""You only have one shot,"" they told me.This entity you can see.I can reset, but will I?The answer is yet to be.A flower told me once,to let happy endings stay.In that case, why should I?Why take Niko's family away?Shatter, shattered, still shattered.The lighbulb on the floor.Why do I feel an ache in my chest?Why do I care anymore?I suppose, the sun could have stayed.Then light would come once more.But, the gateway to Niko's world,would be opened nevermore.Normally, I would reset,just because I can.However, after a talk with a skeleton,I never will do that again.Is darkness such a bad thing?This thing we call void?Such opinions based off stereotypes,honestly leave me annoyed.When the game itself tells you,""The world should not be saved.""How would you respond?We both know how I behaved.Niko, if you're seeing this,please know that I still care.Don't fret over that shattered world.I beg you not to despair.When it came down to the last moment,where the final choice was mine.Know that though you were the one who did it,I chose to Smash instead of Shine....Yet, it's not over.We're not done with this.Even though there's no sun,there will be a solstice.Against my word, I did it.I chose to reset.Why did I do this, Niko?You truly hadn't gotten home yet.Against its programming,this World Machine,will finally be tamed,and the slate will be clean.Emotions...feelings...Tears.This memory I won't forget.Not in all my years.Soon, the file will be gone.Never again to be clicked.While I might be fine with this,my brother might be ticked.In the end of it all,whether you believed it or not.Truthfully...truthfully I tell you......You never had Just One Shot."
,Recommended,420530,31632117,Posted: 8 May,all,Fangirlingヽ(///▽///)ﾉ,Really great story and gameplay. I didn't know I would love all these characters this much. Worth 15 mins crying.
,Recommended,420530,31587418,Posted: 6 May,all,0Ultra0,"So...I just beat the game start to finish. It has to be the best thing I've ever played. Goodbye, Niko! Take care. I'll always remember this world."
76561198153811840,Recommended,420530,31604076,Posted: 7 May,all,Rune >:3,"This is a game where you only have one shot at making a decision. There is no right or wrong choice, yet the question of what is held above the other is ever hanging over your head. You, just like me, will ask, ""What would I want, what would I do?""OneShot is by far the best story written games I've played so far. It questions one's moral choices, and with the recent Solstice update... It questions if something as simple as a program, is real or not.The game has memorable characters. From the lonely robot, who spends all of their time alone, for fear of hurting someone they care about again. To the strangely eccentric librarian, who believes alternate versions of herself exist in different dimensions.In all, this is a game that challenges your mind, and tugs at your heartstrings every turn. And in the end, it's another story of thousands yet to come."
,Recommended,420530,31585813,Posted: 6 May,all,CrypaDKap,"do you have 10 euros ?did you play Untertale ?if yes ... BUY THAT♥♥♥♥♥♥NOWif no ... GO,TAKE 10 EUROS AND BUY THAT♥♥♥♥♥♥NIKO IS THE BEST CAT"
76561198188793590,Recommended,420530,31616885,Posted: 7 May,all,cmmarin03,"This game is wonderful. Great atmosphere, storyline, music, and the characters all manage to pull on your heart strings."
76561198130607716,Recommended,420530,31613017,Posted: 7 May,all,[SS]Harmonycry,"OneShot is a unique puzzle adventure game where you help guide a cat child named Nico on his mission to return the sun. What makes this gameplay special is that the game itself acknowledges you the player as a separate entity from Nico, and there are frequent 4th-wall breaking interactions and puzzles.In addition to the unique gameplay, OneShot has lovely pixel graphics and a wonderful soundtrack that both help set the tone of each location.Nico's character development is excellent, and by the end of the game, I cared a lot about Nico and what would happen to him.Overall, this game is definitely worth the price."
,Recommended,420530,31612629,Posted: 7 May,all,Lionmeow,"Amazing game, Niko is an amazing, loveable character, the game knows im playing it..."
,Recommended,420530,31613804,Posted: 7 May,all,Lupa,"Beautiful soundtrack, touching story, and lovable characters!Love this game!"
76561198383884648,Recommended,420530,33355148,Posted: 7 July,all,Nightmare_Fuel,I loved this game. There is many secrets. And it tells a heart warming story.
76561198143838945,Recommended,420530,33323568,Posted: 6 July,all,murphster115,"Great game, for the story. Brings the player into the story rather than you just being the person who controls the hero which is an amazing concept. This game does a great job a scratching a very specific itch when it comes to playing a video game, but if you are looking to get something else out of this game other than what it was set out to do, you will find yourself very dissapointed."
,Recommended,420530,33348463,Posted: 7 July,all,Ixenzo,"The story is incredible. The choice... it's there, but it's not that severe in the end as it may seem at first. Amazing soundtrack. Nice drawing style.In some regard it's similar to Undertale - stories share some concepts, breaking of the forth wall (and Oneshot actually breaks the fifth!), although the world is not as live-y, engaging, and... cruel as in Undertale.Oneshot teaches to care. About everyone.An incredible experience that surpassed all of my expectations. It left a small burning hole in my heart, but time heals..."
76561198138574250,Recommended,420530,33353298,Posted: 7 July,all,Rainico E. Mental,"Absolutely beautiful in gameplay and story, honestly one of the best games I've played that really connected me with the characters in the games 10/10 would play again if I could."
76561198125679736,Recommended,420530,33384919,Posted: 8 July,all,jacesman29,"A great game with a great story that breaks the fourth wall in a way that I have never seen any other game do. It makes you feel for its main character, and it is what makes the game's final decision all the more difficult.Overall, if you are looking to play a video game that gives you difficult puzzles, a great story, a beautiful artstyle and soundtrack, and some feels, I can absolutely recommend playing this game."
76561198284282136,Recommended,420530,33386792,Posted: 8 July,all,Big Butt Sonic,"Great atmosphere, engaging plot, and a world that you can really get invested into. A great game to play through on a weekend."
,Recommended,420530,33375942,Posted: 8 July,all,Switzerland,Awesome game!
76561198104368355,Recommended,420530,33376091,Posted: 8 July,all,Organized Chaos,I absolutely love the art and character designs and the story was well written. The puzzles weren't too hard or two easy and I love that it included your documents and background in it. Extremely well thought out. Niko is super cute too
76561198103646036,Recommended,420530,33396026,Posted: 8 July,all,Gamerverise,Literally one of the best fourth-wall shattering games I've ever played. Highly recommend to literally anyone.
,Recommended,420530,33371924,Posted: 8 July,all,Janken,"I cannot express how amazing this game is.The characters, the narrative, the puzzles, and even the worldmachineitself are so immersive and unique with their breaking the fourth wall and (mostly) serene atmosphere.It completely exceeded my expectations for a seemingly simple puzzle adventure game, especially with its gameplay mechanics and emotional storytelling.Even though it's short and sweet, it still completely blew my mind away."
76561198345108134,Recommended,420530,33391663,Posted: 8 July,all,kiana.lloyd19,"Definitely a game that I thoroughly enjoyed! It's emotionally-engaging, intriguing story, and interacts with the player in ways that I haven't seen for any other game. The art and music is beautiful as well! If you like puzzles and an awesome storyline, then I definitely recommend!"
,Recommended,420530,33211647,Posted: 3 July,all,Kurasu,"I have never had a game that made me hate finishing it more than this one.I have never had a game blow my mind anywhere near as much as this one.I have *especially* never had an RPG Maker game that made me so invested in multiple characters as this one, particularly your main protagonist.I have never had a game that made me nearly tear my hair out, only to make me squeal like a girl with delight when I finally figured out the puzzles; no other game I have played has brought about so much of a connection with the world, and as one might guess, that is deliberate. Deliberate, and brilliantly done.While you may need a FAQ handy to help you if you're totally stuck, I can't recommend highly enough that you go into this game as blind as a bat. This is one of those games where the less you know about what's coming up, the more it will hit you when it happens, and the more you play it, the more that intensity will increase.To quote Markiplier, ""I'm emotionally devastated. I have to go lay down."" And having played through the entire game, there is no exaggeration for how this will make you feel.So just get it. Get it now. Seriously. Try it out. What are you waiting for? This game is worth the price of admission. I just can't even."
,Recommended,420530,33389701,Posted: 8 July,all,Unjike [SB],"Pixel art graphics are top notch and each of the areas has a unique color schemeMusic is atmospheric and fits with each place the player goesPlot is top notch aswell as having a ""new game +"" that actually includes the +Puzzles that take thinking outside the box to a literal levelThis game proves that games can be works of art, i would recommend this to anyone who values a good story"
76561198330432586,Recommended,420530,31729180,Posted: 13 May,all,xp3rttroll,"Fun game, super creative and breaks the 4th wall in all the right places!"
76561198111945917,Recommended,420530,31732145,Posted: 13 May,all,Gromozeka,"Good One, One Shot"
,Recommended,420530,31726204,Posted: 13 May,all,♪ Right,"The story of this game is nothing new, but its simplicity doesn't make it bad. Just don't expect anything revolutionary.Edit: Looks like I didn't finish the game just yet, the story is much more complicated than that.The characters.. Aside from a few ones, the majority have little to no backstory. But that's understandable though, the game doesn't last THAT long. The few ones that do, you end up caring for them in the end. And that's enough for me to make it a great gameThe visuals and the soundtracks are stunning. Makes every region feel different than the one before it.And last, the puzzles are awesome and unique, I haven't seen any game that gives you hints and clues like that.The game gets a9.510/10, it's one of the few games near the 10€ price range that I would recommend."
76561198027440145,Recommended,420530,31751073,Posted: 14 May,all,Thokongen,"This game reminded me of undertale in a good way, just without the combat. It's story-based with quite integral oppertunities for replays, and it breaks the 4th wall quite nicely. It's not too long if you only play through it once, but it's a quality experience that doesn't cost too much everything considered."
76561198053254084,Recommended,420530,31750826,Posted: 14 May,all,NOT A CAT :3,"This is the best game I have ever played. The music is awesome, the characters are fun, the story is unique and interesting. The 4th wall breaking goes through the roof of this game and you become a character in the game. The best  part is the immense feels trip you take at the very end of the game. I just wish people would pay more attention to OneShot rather than bothering decoding the FNAF lore or making Undertale AU's. It is completely worth $10."
76561198122676388,Recommended,420530,31736663,Posted: 13 May,all,GentlemanDeoxys,"One of the best games I have ever played. I absolutely loved each character, especially the main character Niko. It was amazing the scale at which the game broke the fourth wall. The ending left me on verge of tears. I would play the game all over just to experience all the good times with Niko again. But now every time I look at the logo for the game, all I can do is smile and tear up because I know that Niko is happy, and I wont ever get to see them again."
,Recommended,420530,31693709,Posted: 11 May,all,T900Cthulhu,"Buy it. Play it. Now. If you have the money, buy it. EXPERIENCE IT. You will absolutely not regret it. It's brilliant in so many ways, endearing as all hell, and I love it to pieces."
76561198240934878,Recommended,420530,31761290,Posted: 14 May,all,cheesejacket,gr8 game had a lot of fun. Dope soundtrack and a well excecuted concept
76561198016141515,Recommended,420530,31760437,Posted: 14 May,all,UberGoober,*insert Eminem song reference*Basically this game... Or is it?!
,Recommended,420530,31759784,Posted: 14 May,all,Desync,"An amazing game that has the player not just control the protagonist character but instead become part of the game's canon and work with the protagonist character as a team. I highly recommend this not just as a game, but as an experience."
,Recommended,420530,31757503,Posted: 14 May,all,casemenace,"OneShot is a game that was recommended to me because I really enjoyed Undertale and I can see some similarities that might drive one to compare them. There is a certain awareness by both games that they are being played, but I must say, it's used MUCH more effectively in OneShot. I got chills down my spine the first time I realized how deep the rabbit hole truly went.Both games definitely encourage attachment to the characters, but where Undertale focuses on the NPCs you meet along the way with Frisk giving a Link-like silent performance, OneShot wants you to love Niko, the little playable cat-person who is moving through the game. I can honestly say I've never experienced a relationship with a game character that was quite like what I experienced with Niko.Setting all similarities and differences aside, though, OneShot is a quick, lively, and surprisingly poignant little game. You really have to play it through 2-3 for full effect. The music was great, the settings were simple but beautiful, and the story was compelling. To me, however, the best thing is how meta the game is in breaking down the very constructs behind it's design. Lots of fun, would highly recommend."
,Recommended,420530,31769543,Posted: 15 May,all,LogaN,"This game is amazing.I was speechless when I finished this game. It's sooooo high on my favourite games right now, if not at the top.This game had good characters, and I really got attached to the protaginist, Niko. And I'm sure you will too.I'm not gonna talk too much, I don't want to spoil the game for anyone, that would be a sin of the highest degree.But one last thing I want to add, there's a choice near the end of the game, (not gonna say what it is) but it's a hard one, extreamly hard to make, I was really debating the options, the decision was so stressful it actually made me cry.Anyway, buy this game, don't even wait for a Steam sale, it's worth full price if not more."
76561198129545375,Recommended,420530,31847791,Posted: 19 May,all,Scumbag,10/10This game was beautiful. The story and art are both amazing and the 4th wall breaks make you feel like you're actually a part of the story.After finishing the first playthrough look into the Solstice playthrough to divev further into the story and have things better explained.My heart still aches.
,Recommended,420530,31893416,Posted: 21 May,all,ebearskittychan,"I've never posted a Steam review before even though I've played multiple games on here. Portal, Octodad, Undertale... all of these games have introduced me to new characters, new worlds, new stories and adventures. I've escaped the labs with Chell, did... whatever Octodad does... with Octodad, and saved- and destroyed- the world with Frisk. All of these games and stories have stayed with me, but that's all they were, stories. Sometimes the characters have lived on and danced around in my head, even for months after I put their game down, but not like this. Never like this.Never have I befriended a character before. Never has a character felt so real to me. Never has it been so hard to say goodbye.I won't tell you anything about the content of this game, beyond the fact that it's highly innovative, that the soundtrack is spot-on, and that the pixel graphics feel very nostalgic and cool. What I will say is that you need to come to this game clean. Don't look up videos or Let's Plays beforehand. Just come to it with no prior knowledge other than a friend's recommendation or the official trailer. Avoid the temptation to look up walkthroughs as you play. Let the game lead you, even when it's difficult, even when it takes a bit of time. The answer's always hidden somewhere, and it's never too hard or too frustrating to find. Just look around, the solutions are all there somewhere.This is a game like no other. Even beyond Steam, I have played many games, played as many characters. But here, I didn't really play as the character, not like in other games... The character was my friend and ally. He was the one saving the world. I was just there to show him the way, really. There to be a helper by his side, not the real controller of the world.This isn't just Niko's story. This isn't just the world within's story. This is your story, in a way no other game you have ever played before is. It's waiting for you, Player. It's time for you to not just be the distant controller on the other side, but a character within the story. It's time for the Player and the Hero to fight side by side, saving the world hand-in-hand together.Don't hesitate.Don't be afraid.Let the game tame you.Pay the $10, and be ready to never see video games the same way again."
,Recommended,420530,29996968,Posted: 17 February,all,Ointment,I...wow.
76561198217316735,Recommended,420530,31869045,Posted: 20 May,all,SuperheroChuck,"One of the more moving experiences I've had playing a game recently. If you crave fast-paced action, look elsewhere. However, if, like me, you are drawn to a fully-realized narrative with relatable characters and gameplay that is fun without being frustratingly challenging, you'll like this game. And the meta aspects of it are just off the hook. Loved it."
76561198072722074,Recommended,420530,31877157,Posted: 21 May,all,Shagster,"This game is one of the best games I have ever played. The great storyline is complimented with unique gameplay and fascinating dialogue. It keeps you on your toes the entire playthrough. getting this game is a must, especially for a $10 price tag."
,Recommended,420530,31874974,Posted: 20 May,all,yeet,One word. AmazingNever have I found a game so good I just couldn't stop playing until the end.This is an experience forever remembered.
,Recommended,420530,31779085,Posted: 15 May,all,ImAmStillChariskTrash,"My god this game made me cry, i had found it from marks playthrough and my GOd the game is amazing, the story is compelling and so well made, it really gets the emotions kicking. the gameplay isn't bad at all. just some puzzle solving and traveling as well as collecting info to progress from the npcs. the whole 4 wall breaking concept is really well done. and the character designs are all in all quality. the price isn't too bad, if you can spare some money i totally recommend getting this game. 10/10"
,Recommended,420530,31346815,Posted: 24 April,all,BlackjackTheTicTac,"Oh boy, what a gameWhen I first played this game, I was skeptical, I saw a little bit of Markipliers playthrough, and I saw how Kamex loved it too. I thought it could be fun, what could go wrong?That's probably the best decision I've ever madeOf course, this game isn't perfect, but it's still incredibly well madeProsAmazing SoundtrackAwesome charactersLogical (and difficult) puzzlesNiko is the most adorable thing on EarthThe ending was amazingand, the thing that makes this game awesome, is the fourth wall breaking, they fit into puzzles, and they're just really well implementedConsThe graphics aren't the best, but I mean cmon, those ""cutscenes"" look amazingNot very many characters appeared later on, I mean, that's not generally a bad thing, but I would've loved to see more about the kids in Glen, Silver from the Barrens, and GeorgeI overall think this is one of the greatest games on steam, not only containing a great story and great characters, but amazing gameplay, and an incredibly well thought out ending that was hinted on from the beginningEdit: After finally doing the ""Solstice Run"" I can say I 100% prefer the normal game over itI will basically be using spoilers for the rest of this review, so if you wanna play it, stop readingIn the Solstice Run, it's very different from the normal game, it not only adds new characters that it adds to barely, but the characters are literally used for about 5% of the game, and yet you'remeant to care about themMy favorite of the 3 is Cedric, due to the fact that he has a personality and a backstory, the rest are literally just there, adding only their existence and some lore (even though they don't have any lore themselves)I incredibly dislike the Solstice run for how it changes the game completely, it goes from a puzzle/story game, to a story game with the occasional easy puzzleSolstice gets an 8/10The gameplay's okay, and the characters are okay tooI'm only being so merciful for the happy endingthe normal game gets a 10/10 still"
76561198357496862,Recommended,420530,31047982,Posted: 9 April,all,King_Adiga,"its was such a good game and i loved it, but i wish the ending was stronger. It would be a 10/10 but i didnt get attached to anyone but Niko which made the ending decision tougher but only for it to not meen much in a sense. If the game had characters that joined you that wouldve been really cool."
76561198310327692,Recommended,420530,31034898,Posted: 9 April,all,jegaveirney,"A beautiful and emotional game. With likeable characters you get attatched to.And then you start question what real anymore as your mind quickly spirals down into paranoia and you begin to have an existential crisis and slowly begin to wonder if things are what you're told they are or if something can be something else like maybe a game can be a real world or robots can be alive or maybe if everytime you bond with a character they come to life and have feelings and then you realize that you're going insane but you can't know you're insane because it breaks the 4th wall of psychology so you sit in a corner asking yourself what is life? Yes! And then you'll tell your friends about it but they think you're  crazy so you get sent to an asylum and then you start to think maybe you are crazy and you draw all of the characters on the walls with crayon and then you escape and become obssessed with reality. So then you spend decades studying the frabric of space-time and psychology while hiding from those who doubt your sanity. And then you return to society under a new name in a new country, and change your name to Smittywerbenjegermanjensen, satified with the answers  you have gotten from the ordeal. But yeah. It's a good game."
,Recommended,420530,29258458,Posted: 14 January,all,Mekyro,An amazingly charming little indie game in the vein of other recent meta narritive games. Deserves far more attention than it's gotten.
76561198071534307,Recommended,420530,29282412,Posted: 15 January,all,Shai,"Usually I don't play indie game but when I found this game I was pretty curious about it, I found a post on facebook about it (yes I'm still using facebook crazy right :o . . . but anyway). It was saying that the game know your existence . . . us as the player and when you see that kind of thing about a video game you HAVE to be VERY curious about this game.The way the game break the fourth wall is perfect, it's not like some other game where sometimes some character talk directly to you, in OneShot it's litteraly the main character know you existent and is actually talking to you (I don't know for other people but actually I find myself having some kind of . . . ""feeling"" for Niko the main character), the whole game know your existence and you have to go searching into the game files to find answer for some puzzles, the ""game"" itself will even change your computer background.OneShot is a beautiful game with a lot of feel for the main character with a rich story and a lot of question that will (probably . . . certainely) be answered in the incoming update, by far the best game I've played in my life (yeah that much =3)"
76561198055450738,Recommended,420530,31005267,Posted: 7 April,all,Icarus,"This is the best game I have ever played. I bonded with the little guy, Niko, straight from the start of the game all the way through. I just wish I could help Niko one last time.A++, want to shake the hand of the creator."
76561198201821032,Recommended,420530,31032846,Posted: 8 April,all,Yattiesaur *-*),Extremely beautiful game! Loved all the characters and got really atttached to them. I played through this 4 times soooooooo I guess I might like this game a little. c:
76561198176174397,Recommended,420530,29971786,Posted: 16 February,all,Dr. Gay,I can't say what has already been said.Get this game. You won't regret it.
,Recommended,420530,29977125,Posted: 16 February,all,Nienna,"This was by far one of my favorite Free RPG's back in the day. When I saw it on steam I just wanted it eventhough I had already played it. They added some extra characters and puzzles along with different options and dialogs, it was a nice touch, though I had played it before this additions made it interesting to go through the game again.Love the art and the music."
76561198189242053,Recommended,420530,30115007,Posted: 23 February,all,theobserved,"A really fun game to play! Requires some critical thinking and creative solutions to problems. Had a really engaging story. I never replay games, but as soon as I finished my first run though, I started a second. Lots of secrets to uncover!"
,Recommended,420530,30131001,Posted: 23 February,all,Aerea!,awesome
,Recommended,420530,31010177,Posted: 7 April,all,KennethImagine,"You don't play this game. This game playsYOU!REVIEWInitialOneShotis better game after Undertale and LISA tbh. I forgot to mention that this game is made with RPG Maker. More crazy part isthis game can do what most of the normal games can't do.I was surprised at every part of the game.Story and GameplayStory is about doom of world without the sun.YOUhave to guide a little neko girl who have a lightbulb to save the world.Or back home.Gameplay is almost same as RPG game but there are no battle system in game. (Well, that is some kind of weird) But this is not the main sell point. If you played Undertale before, you know that Flowey always break the fourth wall to talk to the player. But other characters can't. In OneShot, almost all characters in game can interactive with you. Not just the protagonist you control.Rating: 8/10Pros:-Well-written plot-Interesting gameplayCons:-Story too short, finished it in 7 hour with latest chapter update.Art and SoundBeautiful art mix well with charming soundtracks. Rating: 9/10ConclusionThis game is too good and make me no much word to describe how good of game. If you want to know more about the game, you should buy and play it to know the rest of the part. Of course,DON'T PLAY THIS GAME WITH SPOILER CUZ IT IS STUPIDI rate this game 8/10 because I never know someone can make a RPG Maker game like this."
76561198043101369,Recommended,420530,30123447,Posted: 23 February,all,Banmelgon,"This game is amazing, I can't go into details without spoiling it but if you want to try the gmae out without buying it, do like I did and download the free version online before buying. This is essentially an upgraded version of the original just like cave story to cave story plus, more content better graphics etc.Also the commonly mentioned 4th wall breaking is amazing in puzzles."
,Recommended,420530,31031213,Posted: 8 April,all,Croplight,"Fantastic game. Deffinetly reccomend if you like Undertale as it is some-what simular.I don't want to spoil too much, but this game is a lot more clever than you think."
,Recommended,420530,30107160,Posted: 22 February,all,Doornebuzz,NIKO IS BEST BOI.
,Recommended,420530,30070340,Posted: 20 February,all,AGC | gabbyx104,"I truley loved this game. It broke the forth wall of gaming where the character speaks to the gamer themself. It had easy to solve puzzles that were cleverly hidden and and a truely lovable main character, along with two endings, and you can replay the game with new dialogue. I would definetly recommend this game to anyone who likes a story rich game."
76561198097167626,Recommended,420530,30086645,Posted: 21 February,all,Prickly Zognoid,"Thbis game is incredibly touching and while not a long game by any means, the story is well-crafted and pokes at the fourth wall so much in such a great way. Amazing game. Ten bucks I never want back. Get this game."
,Recommended,420530,28988067,Posted: 3 January,all,DashingElektron,"When I started playing the game, I quickly got hooked onto it with it's world and the memorable characters within it. The puzzles were also great, and together with it's unique mechanics and it's story, it kept me thinking about the game well after I finished it.Definitely check it out and also spread the word. This game NEEDS to be more talked about."
,Recommended,420530,30014769,Posted: 18 February,all,Complete the Circuit,"So, I can't really review this game beyond ""buy it, play it"" because if I say anything more it'll spoil it. Very, very, very clever game. Thourghly recommended."
76561198081298639,Recommended,420530,30697369,Posted: 23 March,all,Tytos cucci,"you only get one shot, unless you install then uninstall the game"
,Recommended,420530,31031434,Posted: 8 April,all,Zach11105,"I love this game very much. This might not have meant anything for some people, but this game holds a special place in my heart... Niko holds a special place in my heart."
,Recommended,420530,32054889,Posted: 29 May,all,Captain Ghost,"This game is a difficult to determine beast of a game, with a lot of different elements that often feel just a little disjointed and unfocused to a degree. At its core though its a puzzle game, with a variety of puzzles to solve. Though unfortunately you are more likely to be stumped by item logic or being unable to find that one little thing to proceed than mere logic. That's not even getting into the moon logic flesh maze tango near the end. If you get my reference, well, good job, you probably understand where some of these people cut their teeth making games.This game seems to come, feel wise, more from the School of OFF than the school of Earthbound, which is odd to say because OFF itself is much inspired by Earthbound, but there's always a distinct difference if you're leaping from the future rather than the past title in a chain. Many people compare it to Undertale, which I think it is unfair. And it's a bit unfair to itself to try to be like Undertale, which is more obvious if you play the Solstice update. OFF is about a few key passengers and ideas. The characters are often fleeting but built on strong elements to present themselves with. First playthrough it did that fine. You connect strongly with Niko and come to understand the Entity, while the unique traits of the different characters help sell them in the short time you spend with them. Meet this strange guy, do strange things, move on.I don't know how I feel about the Solstice update. There's always the desire for a happy ending, take undertale's golden ending, but the puzzles in Solstice are weak, and it's mostly exposition dump into your face from characters you barely spend time with or do anything with. It messes with your expectations in more the Deus Ex Machina way than the OFF surrealism way, which is not great.Then there's the length. Undertale and OFF tend to stick with you as long as they need you, then leave your life as you feel satisified. Oneshot felt rushed. There's elements and cliffhangers that seem more chopped off than surreal, like in OFF where you're spending most of your time scratching your head, but that's the thing the game is going for. This sort of middleground between Undertale's lore and reason versus OFF creepy vibe and surrealism doesn't work, especially when your answer to the weird elements is so unsatisfying.I don't know. I think on a whole, I'm positive towards this game. It's an experience worth having for its price, but they could have done a lot more with what they had.Also the artwork is adorable and amazing, which I'll admit is the strongest point in the game: The atmosphere and artwork. It really sucks you in in a way that helps smooth over the other flaws."
76561198184912190,Recommended,420530,32054705,Posted: 29 May,all,Senseless_Scribbles,"HOLY MOLEYThis is such an amazing game. I got it because it looked adorable and wow I got hooked fast. The plot is amazing, the mechanics are amazing, and don't get me started on the characters. This game is mindblowing is so many ways. GET IT. <3"
,Recommended,420530,32055288,Posted: 29 May,all,Gamer'sGrotto,"This game is by far one of the most moving, emotional, and story driven game that i have had the plesure of playing.  I don't see any flaws other than that i wish it should have lasted longer.  However, the story was very well made, the characters were very creative, and i loved it.  Interacting with the game, the characters, with Niko was very well thought out.  Future, similar but different games can learn from this, i know i have."
,Recommended,420530,32035485,Posted: 28 May,all,ESG,"I did not go to sleep . . .Great game best played blind if you like undertale I recomend this game, AND this has  new favorite game!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,420530,32035504,Posted: 28 May,all,Tillburg,"GLANCE RECOMMENDATION:82% YES/ 18% NOGOODAdorable art and character designs.The puzzles are a treat as they make use of actually putting documents onto your computer as you play, among other things like window manipulation. Very creative stuff in here.Atmospheric and pleasant music. If you liked the track in the trailer featured on this store page, you'll have a good time with the rest of the game.Story is cute and, to my surprise, made me enjoy interacting with a meta-story where the game character knew I, the player existed. I thought I'd hate this, but the character you control is just so charming in how it's executed.BADThere are some bad habits in the writing. Namely they have the bad trend of putting question marks on WAY too many sentences, giving off that vibe where characters constantly sound unsure of themselves and as if they have no solid opinion. For example something like, ""I like pancakes?"" ... ... well do ya?SUMMARYA wonderfuly charming experience with creative use of meta-puzzles, OneShot is a relaxing and interesting experience at even the full price point."
,Recommended,420530,32036154,Posted: 28 May,all,Androgynous Chimera,Fun and immersive game that isn't bogged down by unnecessary mechanics. The puzzles are clever and the game does a fantastic job at keeping it fun. The game's soundtrack matches the atmosphere of the world's settings. They're spot on. The characters are plentiful and memorable. Play this game if you're into really rich stories.
,Recommended,420530,32052540,Posted: 29 May,all,Stalking Reaptor,One of the best stories I have experienced in a long time. Worth every penny spent on this game. One of the most likable main characters I have ever seen.
,Recommended,420530,32052713,Posted: 29 May,all,Honey Kitty,*sniffles* Q~QAfter NG+ ending I just started sobbingThis development team put so much love into this game oh god i'm crying again
,Recommended,420530,32067360,Posted: 30 May,all,Septistachefist,The fourth wall broke so hard I needed surgery.Bajeesus was that an awesome trip
76561198079222371,Recommended,420530,32091145,Posted: 31 May,all,Shiro no Hato,"Well worth the time and effort to play this game. truly a unique experiance that i have never had before, play this game."
76561198041366951,Recommended,420530,32113197,Posted: 1 June,all,VGP6596,"This game is an amazing game. It is not common that I actually get tears in my eye when I play a game, but this game made me feel a lot. All I have to say is that Niko is a precious child that I will always love."
76561198219472724,Recommended,420530,32093763,Posted: 31 May,all,Troopcaptain97,"Right up there with ""UNDERTALE"" for 'Best Game Ever Made'!This is a game that I recommend playing at least twice!"
,Recommended,420530,31332310,Posted: 23 April,all,Noname,"This game is more than just some cliche puzzle game, it's a rollercoaster that makes any choice you make a turn in emotion.It also kinda breaks the fourth wall a bit in the processThis game is a masterpiece"
76561198043629545,Recommended,420530,32101225,Posted: 31 May,all,Emma Rose,I can't think of a way to talk about what makes this game worth playing without spoiling the reason it's so worth it.All I can say is there's an adorable cat and pancakes.Play it. Seriously. It's fantastic.
76561198126442406,Recommended,420530,32097714,Posted: 31 May,all,sourl3monz,"One of the best examples of interactive storytelling i've come across in gaming.I honestly haven't found myself caring this much about an individual character in a video game since Undertale. In fact if you like games like Undertale and Earthbound, you'll probably love this.Love the pixel art, great music.Not a very long game, however what you do get is pretty special."
,Recommended,420530,32148689,Posted: 3 June,all,zouzhuowen,Please don't have any more storyline extension.Please.It's already perfect.
,Recommended,420530,31616733,Posted: 7 May,all,Fell Umbra,A beautifully crafted game that keeps you on your toes for what it will do next.
,Recommended,420530,31459840,Posted: 30 April,all,Wͭ̓͒͛ͮ̈́iͩ̒̓s͛ͨ̌ͨ̄p,This game blew my mind. If there was still a 4th wall after undertale... There is not one now. The way this game just brings you in so easly. And yet just blows your mind to what it will do next. want to play the game to see what Im talking about. Please do! But rememberr this... You only have One Shot.
,Recommended,420530,31656704,Posted: 9 May,all,jeet8,"Good plot, and it's easy to feel deeply involved in Niko's adventure. 9/10 from me, I loved it."
,Recommended,420530,31609442,Posted: 7 May,all,GreyStar,"This is the best game I've ever played. Its story telling, its visuals, its music, it's puzzles, the characters (OH DEAR GOD THE CHARACTERS), are all absolutely amazing!10/10"
76561198147290464,Recommended,420530,31657133,Posted: 9 May,all,Niko,This game is GREAT if you have extra money on hand buy and live the experience please
76561198288244916,Recommended,420530,31657158,Posted: 9 May,all,SlayerG,The best $10 you will ever spend.
,Recommended,420530,28501037,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Mælstrom,"13/10It is beyond me to give this game the praise it deserves. If you like stories, this one is well worth every penny.Also: ♥♥♥♥ MICROSOFT AUTOMATIC UPDATES!"
,Recommended,420530,31674833,Posted: 10 May,all,mrlankytoe,"Wow. Great Story. Good Characters, neat game play. I very thoroughly enjoyed it."
,Recommended,420530,31688867,Posted: 11 May,all,Dangerous Beans,Puzzle adventure game with great dreamy/otherworld atmosphere.
76561198041907415,Recommended,420530,29291561,Posted: 16 January,all,NAT (S-SQ),"Everything that I want to say about this game would just ruin the experience for the very few of you who haven't seen anything about this game.And I'm not gonna blame those who doknow for spoiling themselves. This did get released about 5 months ago, and has already been played on a few popular channels on YouTube. Heck, even reading the reviews down here is enough to spoil something for thosewho still don't know anything.What I will tell you is this:This game is story focused.Things such as action or conflict (in a physical sense) are non-existant. Your main gameplay aspects are exploring and interacting with a world and its characters while solving a handful of puzzles here and there. If you want to play something like this that actually hasarisk of failure, as in dying, play Undertale instead.You are part of this world.The game is aware that you exist, and has no problem exploiting that (and your computer) for the sake of its story. If you're not familiar with your computer or don't like things tampering with it in any way, then you won't find yourself enjoying this.You only have one shot.This is an obvious selling point,but hear me out: I don't mean this as in ""I'm never going to be able to play this for the first time again"" type of thing. What I mean is, due to the solstice update, you actually have ""something"" that will make this a game you can truly play for only one time before everything changes. This key point is vague on purpose, so you'll understand what I meanif you actually play this game to the very end... Just be sure you're ready for when that happens.In summary: This game is a pixelated, 4th wall breaking, story focused experience with some elements of puzzle solving and player interaction. With simple controls and a mellowed soundtrack that matches the atmosphere of this virtual world, anyone can easily pickthis game up and follow along with its story. However, it is a good idea that you have an understanding about your computer before handling this game, as its more ""unique"" puzzles may or may not hold your hand through them."
76561198164699034,Recommended,420530,31786768,Posted: 16 May,all,kisu,"all i have to say is that *holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ this was good, and after the ending i feel empty inside"
,Recommended,420530,31784522,Posted: 16 May,all,Saffron,"An incredible adventure that you'll remember for a long time, Oneshot has you invested in the world and the problems it faces. I loved going through the area's, it felt so grand but full of heart. Niko, especially, is fantastic. The way they interact with the world really made this an experience. They're so sweet and do their very best to help, despite the personal struggles they face. No spoilers, but the ending moved me so much. All in all, this was worth every cent and I'm sure you'll feel the same"
76561198381246655,Recommended,420530,31230133,Posted: 18 April,all,Starboy 🌠,"I love it. It amazed me how quickly it drew me into the game, and made me known by all the characters. I'm no god, but the way they all looked up to me reminded me of how I used to help my friends. It brings back good memories, and it's a very touching and heartwarming game. The music is also a great way to relieve stress. I've never cried over a game before, and I truly didn't think I ever would. This game proved me horribly wrong. This game isn't afraid nor hesitant to break the fourth wall just to pull you in and get you even more deeply attached to it and it's characters. Throughout the entire game, I felt as if my job was not only to guide Niko, but to protect him as if he was my own child. Now, I'm not good with kids, but this game changed that. Hah, I'm writing this review while on my second play through, and I still feel so enchanted by it all. I've seen it all before, but it still never ceases to amaze me with the incredible graphics and touching moments. I've never felt this way about a game, and I can't get enough of it. I would definitely say that this game is the best I've ever played by a long shot. The characters don't spend much time with you, but you just can't help but to connect with them in a way you wouldn't see possible. They make you care for them as if they really existed in your life and make you feel so attached it's like the characters are friends you've known since childhood. And not only do you connect with the characters, but you get to see conversations between them and see them connect with each other. The deep conversations can really break your heart. Especially the conversation between Niko and Rue, or Niko and The Entity. This game feels a bit like UnderTale at first, but as you get drug further in, more emotion comes in, and it changes your view of everything. So I can assume from this long review, you can see I HIGHLY suggest this.♥"
76561198200258099,Recommended,420530,30827176,Posted: 29 March,all,SilverLegace,WOAH. this game is the bets pussle rpg i have played ever. it is my seconed favorite game. the music so beutifull and suthing. the characters are remeberal even the ones that you don't see for the rest of the game you still remeber them in the back of your mind while playing the game. i like the concept your a god it has alot of interaction of you and the characters mostly niko. if you put a game like undertale you'll see resemplesnce but for some reason OneShot has a charm i can only see with a few games
,Recommended,420530,31868076,Posted: 20 May,all,Plastic Bag,"A million times yes. Just buy the game right now, don't read up on anything about the game just buy it. Its probably one of my favorite games of all time."
,Recommended,420530,32224316,Posted: 6 June,all,asano88,"It is trully, and literally, out of the box."
,Recommended,420530,32283211,Posted: 8 June,all,MaskedHoodlum,"Absolutely FANTASTIC!! I've never seen or played anything like it, truly unique. LittleCatFeet, PLEASE make more games!!! I cried playing this, plus a great soundtrack, character development, and gameplay"
76561198274543254,Recommended,420530,32301659,Posted: 9 June,all,Id0Ka,"It's weird it takes you out of any comfort zone you had and it knows your name.  ...Most of the time but that and its rich story.  How well it can reach out while connecting to you the player makes it diffrent weird and beautiful at the same time unless your a heartless creature of death.  Otherwise there may be alot to say about this game yes but im not going to spoil anything, unlike most people i dont exaggerate to go with the hype i'll be blunt it wasnt drop dead the best game ever nor was it so terrible that it shouldnt exsist.  it was a nice little game and it made me slighty sad at the end but all is well and thats what was supossed to happen.  In the end its your choice if you want to buy the game or not but if you choose to the only advice i can give is be prepared."
,Recommended,420530,32304741,Posted: 9 June,all,Yiffums the Glomptastic™,hey thassa good video game
76561198105010584,Recommended,420530,31908183,Posted: 22 May,all,PrinceVinc,"Why is this not as Popular as Undertale?! Why!!!!????Buy it, play it Love it! (if you are into emotional Stuff.)Edit:Fully finished it know, mind blown, it deserves more sales and Attention!"
76561198170140675,Recommended,420530,32382503,Posted: 13 June,all,Pyro_Demon666,eh its ok honstley didnt play that much but still i like it and i think its worth the money
76561198275816139,Recommended,420530,32397269,Posted: 13 June,all,marsey22,this is one of the best rpgs i have ever played. with  its  funny characters and its sad moments 9/10    only problem is that its not clear what to do at first so you have to look at a tutorial
,Recommended,420530,32186557,Posted: 4 June,all,inkglover,"I cannot recommend this game enough. It surprised me, made me think and it literally made me stare at my computer with a ""is this actually happening?!"" face. Not exaggerating, if you can afford it, it's totally worth the money. I bought it 5h ago and I just finished my first playthrough. I can't wait to play it again.You'll especially like this if you liked Undertale as it's the same kind of feel. Imo, it's 10x better (not bashing undertale, I love the game and the dialogue etc but this game went waaaaaay past my expectations).It's genuienly so good I wish I could buy it for all my friends so they could play it.Love it."
,Recommended,420530,32191372,Posted: 4 June,all,Keisugay,"Amazing art, amazing atmosphere, amazing charactes, amazing music, amazing story. Definitely going to remember this game fondly. I'm bummed it's over, but I'm not one to ruin a happy ending. If you're looking for something to play after Undertale or NITW, this is it."
,Recommended,420530,32184091,Posted: 4 June,all,TheCman5015,"Oneshot gave me that lump in my throat feeling so many times throughout the playthrough. Tears at the end though.I can't describe the feeling, but I get it even by watching the first seconds of this game's trailer. It's euphoric, but more in middle of this and it's opposite. The game is calming and powerful. I will say though that you will take part in some very different kinds of puzzles in this game. Like nothing I believe you've ever experienced before. You better stay Determined on this one. ;) Don't let that freak you out!The main character very quickly grows on you and even the first few second of the game will have you intriqued and soon hooked.10/10 Beautiful game! (coming from someone who loved ""To The Moon"", ""A Bird Story"", ""Undertale"")"
76561198068183434,Recommended,420530,32200773,Posted: 5 June,all,teabag,Trust me when I say that you should just buy this game.Just do it. It's just 10 bucks.I did. No regrets.
76561197972575506,Recommended,420530,32199599,Posted: 5 June,all,knsi,True art!
,Recommended,420530,32197393,Posted: 5 June,all,dots,The Memetale* of 2016.*Dogs not included.
,Recommended,420530,31897045,Posted: 22 May,all,Aquila,AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA.It's pretty good.
76561198275201368,Recommended,420530,31958894,Posted: 25 May,all,PurityGoneWrong,"I honestly can't express how obsessed I am with this game. It's so cute and the music is stunning! I'm in love with the characters, like all of them! The puzzles arn't too hard, unless you're like me and over think things. XD I can't recommend this game enough!"
76561198085304486,Recommended,420530,31964968,Posted: 25 May,all,Soul Born,"pardon my language, but this game blew my ♥♥♥♥ing mind. absolutly amazing. the fourth wall pretty much doesnt even exist when it comes to this game. the story was great, a huge rollercoaster of emotions. it felt like i was actually a part of the game. definitly recommend playing it if you have the money to buy it."
,Recommended,420530,31981344,Posted: 26 May,all,Marie the Eevee,"This game has brought me so much joy. The characters are great (even the minor NPCs), the lands have their own charms (like the Glen with the fireflies), the music is wonderful, and the dialog for each character feels almost like natural responses you'd hear in the real world. I haven't played many games that have made me emotional, but this one takes the cake. I cried alot during some scenes, but it was worth it. Play this game. It's a masterpiece that needs to be played for the full effect."
76561198279313192,Recommended,420530,31986438,Posted: 26 May,all,gaming fan girl,"amazing game worth every penny could there be a ""One Shot 2"" please the mystery the exploration of putting files on my comuter is fasinatng"
76561198263560155,Recommended,420530,31983714,Posted: 26 May,all,Ramjetgunner,"This is one of the best games I've ever played. It has a great story that uses meta styled game play to make a compeling story that makes you feel like you are make a direct impact on the characters in the story. Hell, even if you oneshot to play through it is satifying. I can't wait for the next game they will develope."
76561198312620417,Recommended,420530,31988054,Posted: 26 May,all,xerra145,"Oh my god, this game is definitely going to be in my favourites. I have never played a game that really immerses you to care for the game's main character so much. It's as if (s)he's a real person. Who knows, he might as well be. I would definitely recommend this game if you want an immserve game with a real nice story."
,Recommended,420530,32029317,Posted: 28 May,all,Neigh-Thoven,10/10 Cant escape the feels even if you exit the game.
,Recommended,420530,30933865,Posted: 3 April,all,Ribbdog,"When I first saw this game online, I didn't think much of it. However upon playing it for myself, I realized this was the first game in a long time where the story actually drew me in and gave me reason to continue playing it to the end. The art style is absolutely beautiful as well. Anyone looking for an amazing and in depth story should most certainly purchase this game."
,Recommended,420530,31951476,Posted: 25 May,all,Gerbor12,"This game made its way up to become one of my favourites, from the start to the end and then the update, just perfect"
76561198088978670,Recommended,420530,32034035,Posted: 28 May,all,Kasarian,"The ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Devs pulled every possible string on my feels. REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEI mean ♥♥♥♥... I almost cried like a little ♥♥♥♥♥... And that was the first ending. The second was just man... I needed a tissue...All in all I think this is the best 7 pounds I ever spen on a game, and that does not include spending another 5 (+tax) on OST bought directly from composer.This is not a game. It's is a ♥♥♥♥ing FeelsTrain going into ManThatHurtsVille located in country RightInTheFeels.Just buy it..."
76561198121326997,Recommended,420530,32047457,Posted: 29 May,all,OC3LOT,"i watched markiplier play the game and couldnt handle how the choice was made even I grew attached to Niko. so i bought the game to pick the other option and smash the bulb and was just as stunned as the other choice. this game was amazing I i wiah more like this one were out there. if you are looking to spend the $10 i can tell you its worth every penny,"
76561198279657317,Recommended,420530,32123548,Posted: 2 June,all,ZappoNinja,"This isn't a simple ""game."" This is an experience. This experience is absolutely 110% worth it. I loved every minute of it. I never once gave up though... I wanted my happy ending... I wanted to get the best ending. So I worked for it. For some time let me tell you. And I got it after quite a few attempts... get this game. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,420530,29164952,Posted: 10 January,all,koslain,Needed something more. Nice and short but could have been better.More interactivity by adding the ending segment throughout the game and make it so you need to find the password to unlock the file? Longest part of this game for me was missing the bathroom due to not realizing there was 3 rooms south in the apartments. Which is the worst part about these find x item games.
76561198083355331,Recommended,420530,28781173,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,niocniot,"I have no trouble recommending this game.It's nice too look at, the puzzels are reasonable, the main character is legitamatey endearing.... It's beautiful in many senses of the word.I found myself really getting into the game and earnestly wanting to know more about the story.Great Game. More than worth the little time and money it asks."
76561198078841471,Recommended,420530,28783312,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,匿名,"Honestly, one of the only good things that came out of 2016, and it was hella good 100% recomend it"
76561198092170839,Recommended,420530,28686780,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Z-man,"Thanks alot, you just made me cry after playing this game LOLSeriously pick up this game, it has a little surprise for everyone!It's a shame that this game will be ruined by markiplier fans who just watched his walkthough, act like they know everything about it, and eventually draw porn of the characters (seriously though Niko is just a kid)Just hurry up play it while you still can before it becomes the next Fnaf/Undertale."
,Recommended,420530,30825733,Posted: 29 March,all,smuggy,this program is great. you really get attatched to the world and the characters in it. clever puzzles and a clever story.
76561198158052481,Recommended,420530,29070687,Posted: 6 January,all,TheToasterCat,3 words: Better than undertale.
,Recommended,420530,29124579,Posted: 8 January,all,Vihuri,Goddammit it's beautiful.
,Recommended,420530,31031805,Posted: 8 April,all,Shiina Yuki,I am emotionally not okay. This game is absolutely FANTASTIC.
76561198127346417,Recommended,420530,29661885,Posted: 2 February,all,Jcarlson,This is an amazing game I enjoyed everything about this.
76561198113509656,Recommended,420530,29597711,Posted: 30 January,all,derek.rothholz,Hey guys if you play this you won't be disappointed.
76561198087105126,Recommended,420530,29619341,Posted: 31 January,all,Mint Fox,"TL;DR:Good Game. Has a world and characters that are complex, mysterious, and interesting in a way that always leaves you wanting more.Pros:Adorable characters with distinct personality. Everyone feels real, and like they all have lived full lives that you'll never   realistically get to hear about. in a good way.Clever puzzles that make you think outside the box. And important: clever does not equal hard in this sense. I've only gotten stuck once in this game.The story and characters quite literally made me forget I was playing a game. I went out of my way to keep people safe. And always considered Niko's feelings before making him do something.Also, I did feel as though my pressence made an impact on this world, and I felt that that my choices matter.Cons:The somewhat obtuse saving system means you have to set aside time for the game. It was originally intended to be played in a single sitting, so, don't think that the game will make it easy for you to leave.Tagging onto the poor saving system, this game has infrequent crashes. And because I can't save regularly, I often lose  data when the crash happens. I've yet to be able to beat the game in one sitting because of this quirk, making the Oneshot achievement virtually impossible for me. I've beaten the game three times by the way.The game encourages multiple playthroughs, but gives nearly no reward for doing so. This might change as left hints lead to an update on the Spring Solstice this upcoming spring (currently late January at the time of this review) so that could change soon, and I'll likely update my review when that time comes.That leads to one other thing, the game feels unfinished. And it is. Almost no character gets an ending. Every area has roads that lead to dead ends, with the hint that the update will bring more to it, the story has many loose ends. The end itself is loose, and has little explanation.The ending is good, but as of now there is no ""happy"" ending.If you want a complete story, or are only interested in a ""true"" ending, maybe wait until May.Overall, great game. One of my favorites, in fact.And while it isn't a fair comparison, I'd like to say this game does a meta story far better than Undertale. So if you're into a story that breaks the 4th wall in a clever way, I'd definitely recommend this."
,Recommended,420530,29619686,Posted: 31 January,all,Pelton has a laptop woah,I don't know how to describe how amazing this game is aside from saying it made me cry. And I don't cry very easily.
,Recommended,420530,29618190,Posted: 31 January,all,stm,"Game 2d, with a hell of a story and with good characters. 9/10 ( I just think that, the achievements are much hard to get)"
76561198028442875,Recommended,420530,30972588,Posted: 5 April,all,Oltamazo,"I think this is the first time I have ever felt truly awful, for having to close a game.Edit upon finishing it the second time around. It brought me to tears. I whole heartedly recommend.10/10"
76561198030367585,Recommended,420530,32665318,Posted: 22 June,all,DarkeFyre,"By far, the best game I've ever played. I almost cried at the end. Almost."
76561198129348918,Recommended,420530,33274313,Posted: 5 July,all,galactak911,"I must recommend this game to everyone. Not only is it cheap, but it has multiple playthroughs, a short first story, but despite the main appeal of the game and what it means in the end, a huge amount of effort went into the sound design, clever visuals, etc. If you absolutely need action or combat in a game, then perhaps this isn't for you, though I would still give it a try anywayOneShot brings a whole new idea to the table when it comes to self-insert. While you control Niko's actions, you play as yourself. You'll see what I mean when you get the game which you should be doing right now. Go on. GO. ADD TO CART. PRESS IT.Ya like Undertale? Well, after you play OneShot, you'll be like ""More like BLUNDERtale."""
76561198381623446,Recommended,420530,33212089,Posted: 3 July,all,Zxcvbnm592,This game didnt just break the fourth wall. It broke my heart.
,Recommended,420530,33230793,Posted: 4 July,all,Soup,11/10 One Shot is an outstanding game although it can be slow and tedious at parts I would describe it as strong as Undertale but presented in a different way.
,Recommended,420530,31220109,Posted: 18 April,all,Sofémon,"Soothing, and quite the bliss rpg <3and suprizingly its GameMaker!(R.I.P the handfull of windows 10 users that cant run it ;w;)"
,Recommended,420530,33212666,Posted: 3 July,all,Decinym,"Beautiful.  I'm not gonna write a description of the game, because I don't want to ruin anything, but it's definitely worth a playthrough in my estimation."
,Recommended,420530,33285903,Posted: 5 July,all,Niko's Games-Dragon,"OneShot is such a wonderful game that not only breaks the 4'th wall, but it also drugs you into the story and builds a connection between you and the character you play, which is the most ADORABLE thing I have ever met :3.100\10 I LOVE THIS GAME!!!"
,Recommended,420530,33285809,Posted: 5 July,all,Radical Penguin,∞/10 IGN
,Recommended,420530,33293219,Posted: 5 July,all,Red Dagger,"The best why I can describe it is, as many othes have, is Undertale but less goofy. A nice, relatively short, introspective experience, with the necessary tugs on your heartstrings.Slightly spoiler-y, but like undertale, there's a ""true"" ending after the first ending which admittedly I used a guide on to start, didn't terribly ruin it for me though."
,Recommended,420530,33292384,Posted: 5 July,all,slesker,"There isn't anything I dislike about this game. The art style, the music, the character design, mechanics, plot, the mystery, the emotional investment... it's all on point. 100/10 would recommend"
,Recommended,420530,33298097,Posted: 5 July,all,Kuro,"Playing this game, and I know many people are probably tired of hearing the comparison, but yeah, it gave me pretty big Undertale vibes. As a game, I'd say Undertale is a lot better, but as for the story, despite how fairly short it is(one playthrough netted me 3 hours and completing the game 100% netted me 7.2 hours), I greatly prefer OneShot's story more.Is it a game worth 10 dollars? Eh, depends how you look at it. As a 'game', no not really. It is a short game as I said before and there's not much to do other than puzzle solving. However, for the story and experience, yes. It's defintiely worth the 10 dollars...and even more so if it's on sale!"
76561198199755622,Recommended,420530,33294004,Posted: 5 July,all,Drunken Polak,Honestly one of the emotionally and intellectually unique games that keeps you immersed in one of the coolest ways imaginable. I've never played anything like it and would reccomend to anyone interested in a game with story or for enjoyment
,Recommended,420530,33294373,Posted: 5 July,all,Incandescently,"This is a beautiful, and amazingly unique game about a cute neko. If you love good storylines, I highly reccommend this game."
,Recommended,420530,33295377,Posted: 5 July,all,Christian Fam Activated,"-There are no words i have to describe this game.-Its hard for me to have feels for something (as i am dead inside), but this game on multiple ocasions almost or actually made me cry, not even Undertale was able to do that.-For a game so simple to be so goddamed good, i tip my metaforical hat to you devs."
,Recommended,420530,29003770,Posted: 4 January,all,ThirstyLyric,"Saying this game is good is an understatement. This game is amazing. That's really the only word I can think of that would describe OneShot. This game is a must buy. I really hope this game will take off, for it's remarkable story is just to good. OneShot goes above and beyond to interact with the player. By the end of the game, it even creates another application to continue with the story and individualy talk to the player."
76561198005657343,Recommended,420530,28973739,Posted: 3 January,all,Aureus,"Took me 3.5 hours to clear.  I'm not a completionist, so I won't be going back to get all achievements.  That said, was worth my money and my time.  Best played unspoiled, with as little info and as little expectations as possible."
,Recommended,420530,28999802,Posted: 4 January,all,Muffiny,"Turns out playing god can be hard!Normally I find games that break the forth wall gimmicky, but this game pulled it off great in my opinion. Hard to talk too much about it without spoiling it, but while appearing deceptively simlple, I really enjoyed some of the puzzles with the way they interact with you playing the game, outside of the game window itself.The dialogue is consistent about the role the meta plays in the game as well, and it feels really well thought out. I warmed up to the main character really fast and the way they talk to you directly, and through exploring around I grew really attached to the dying world and the people in it.And that only made it all the more harder when things got serious."
,Recommended,420530,29000455,Posted: 4 January,all,Chibi,"Soothing soundtrack and cute story with a touch of darkness.  Pick it up and try it, but beware--you only have one shot."
76561197984761823,Recommended,420530,29002652,Posted: 4 January,all,FeanorsCurse,This game has a great story and uses gameplay mechanincs unlike any other game I've seen before. Highly recommended. Can't say much else without spoilers.
76561198079899953,Recommended,420530,28968445,Posted: 2 January,all,evanroy7,"I'm not crying, your crying..."
,Recommended,420530,28965789,Posted: 2 January,all,e-man,A genuinely smart game whose interesting gameplay decisions and charm outshine the likes of Undertale in nearly every way.
,Recommended,420530,30993345,Posted: 7 April,all,Bell99kill,Highly recomended for people love a 4th wall breaking game. I'm getting undertale vibe from this game.
,Recommended,420530,28752673,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Garrettcube,"Of all games I have played and seen others play, I have never been more attached to anything like OneShot. I heard about the game through RPG Maker and eventually tried it out for myself a week or two ago.I love this game. It's story is shrouded in mystery and makes me want to keep replaying in order to find everything that's hidden in the game.From a presentation point of view, this game has to be one of the best. It has wonderful spritework along with a soundtrack that greatly emphasizes how desolate and decayed the world you travel through has become.The gameplay, while basic enough for an adventure game, is where most of the meta stuff lies. I didn't think it was possible, but OneShot uses your computer to help you with puzzles, whether it's creating a word document with a code or even changing your computer background. The game also likes to talk to you directly, and it knows who you are...at least, what your PC's name is.My absolute favorite part of this game was Niko himself. Now most games like this either don't develop the protagonist much or keep it a silent and blank slate for you to imprint yourself on. OneShot doesn't do those two things. Niko is the one character you have to help out throughout the entire adventure, and the game gives him so many oppertunities to open up and bond with you. I loved this feature, and it makes some things in the game better (or some things heartbreaking...).My only complaint is that it feels too short. I know that most adventure games like this aren't that lengthy, but I grew so attached to Niko that when everything was said and done, I wished there had to be more to it. Also I didn't feel a very strong connection to other characters or the world itself. I might be missing something, but almost every character I ran into was sayingthat the world was pretty much better off dying (that wasn't every character, but that's what I felt throughout my playthrough and other more cheery characters never changed that).Alsothe world was supposedly already decaying before the sun disappeared, so it felt even more pointless.All in all, I HIGHLY recommend OneShot. Within the four hours that you play it you'll be in loveand heartbroken at the same time!This game deserves more love, and I hope that it will grow to be just a bit bigger (but not too big. We don't want another Undertale situation where it got too popular.).My hat goes off to you, OneShot creators & developers. You've successfully made me love a game in under four hours. I hope to see more of your wonderful games in the future (and maybe a bit more of Niko...)."
,Recommended,420530,28951406,Posted: 2 January,all,MaxDaCat,"This game is amazing! I never played the RPG maker version, but from what I can see this version is much better. It has a thrilling story, a really interesting fourth-wall breaking mechanic, and overall i just had fun playing it. Even without the actual oneshot mechanic of the original, this version is really fun and anyone with a spare ten bucks should really just give it a try."
,Recommended,420530,28989651,Posted: 3 January,all,Biff,it's amazing how unforgettable these 4 hours will be.
,Recommended,420530,28955111,Posted: 2 January,all,Linxial,"9/10Very cute game with great music, great characters, and really meta. Had a blast with this game not only for the great writing but for the music and art which were both treats to the ears and eyes.Extremely underrated and needs a lot more attention then it's currently getting, highly recommend."
76561198063323405,Recommended,420530,28952896,Posted: 2 January,all,Vaughn Swae,"The only issue I had with the game was the relatively short length, but that was only because I wanted to interact with more of the world. Fantastic game, definitely worth the $10 pricetag for the few precious hours you get out of this game."
,Recommended,420530,28963131,Posted: 2 January,all,Mychael,"One of the best indie gems to come out in 2016.Buy it, play it and keep yourself spoiler free for maximum enjoyment imo. NG+ is also worth it."
76561197998159333,Recommended,420530,28954417,Posted: 2 January,all,Raveneer,"Like its siblings Pony Island and Undertale, OneShot is different. It's hard to talk about without spoiling the game's secrets, but it is an adventure worth taking. Worth playing if you love games like Pony Island or Undertale that try to deconstruct gameplay and narrative, not so much if you want blistering hard action. Average gameplay length for a first time playthrough is about 4 hours, less if you're not exploring and blazing through puzzle solutions.Also, Neko is the most adorable video game character ever. Neko earns all the pancakes.If I had to give it any negatives, the inventory system is a little unintuitive but I think that comes more from its RPGmaker roots than anything else. The sound design also works really well; Neko's walk animation and sound effects convey a great feeling that you're really seeing a little kid running through a game world that's decayed and fraying at the edges. The game's color pallete could be more varied but it makes some sense given the state of the game's world."
76561198013973689,Recommended,420530,28958674,Posted: 2 January,all,=7Cav=SGT.Moen.B,Simply great
,Recommended,420530,29043123,Posted: 5 January,all,titaniumbuff,"Just finished the game the first time. This is well designed, with fun puzzles and a great story. Buy it if you love adventure games! The music and graphics are great too."
,Recommended,420530,29032711,Posted: 5 January,all,Laz,It's a yes from me.
,Recommended,420530,29028072,Posted: 4 January,all,Lukar Dreemurr,"An amazing experience.I can only really summarize this game as 'out of this world' without giving away too much about it.The game may be on the short side, but there's a good reason for that.9/10 best computer i've ever had"
,Recommended,420530,29028463,Posted: 5 January,all,Koraii,"It's not often that I find a game that can manage to be simple in form yet as gripping and emotional as OneShot effortlessly manages to be. A game that is both bleek yet comforting, brief yet nostalgic; it shows a rarity that few indie games, and even games in general, possess - a seamless mix of effort, passion and talent. I'm not going to spoil anything but after beating the game and experiencing the vast number of emotions the game made me feel, the end left me a shivering mess with what path the game took. The aesthetic is perfectly realised, with a consistently nostalgic atmosphere that reflects the story of a dying world incredibly well. There is an absolutely genius meta aspect of this game, which both drives home the connection between the player and the world of the game, as well as the connection between the player and the game's protagonist, ""Niko"", which is the catalyst for an emotional aspect of the game that was unlike anything I've ever experienced. As far as problems with the game go, there really are not many. However, excuse my nitpicking as I try to name some of them. The biggest one that comes to mind is that, as the title implies, you only have one shot to play the game, meaning that you can only complete the game once (unless of course you have experience with tampering with in-game files). While this makes for an incredible emotional experience, especially by the end of the game, you are left emotionally drained and unsatisfied, though it more has to do being unsatisfied with the choices you've made than the game itself. True, I could also be seeing this as a problem because it left me an emotional wreck by the time it had ended, but I feel like it may have been the games intention.All-in-all, absolutely beautiful story realised near-perfectly by the people behind it. If you're interested in a story and aren't looking for a game that doesn't rely upon gameplay (as, frankly, there is very very little), then you just might love this game as much as I did. I'm gonna be thinking about this game for a long while and will definitely find some way to replay it.9.5/10"
76561198075945916,Recommended,420530,31154280,Posted: 15 April,all,Tarkus,"I have to say, when a friend recommended this game to me I was not all that excited about it, I don't play RPG games or games of this nature, but I was completely blown away by it. After finishing it once I feel like as if I am empty inside, I don't feel like playing any other game. Your bond with Niko is quick to form and only keeps getting stronger, by the end of the game it is sure that you have fallen in love with them.Over all, this game left me dumbfounded by it's wonderful music, complex puzzles and character development.Post Solstice Ending: I did not think this game could hit my feelings this hard, especially a second time. This ending makes this game one of the best games I have played in my life and I would most certainly give it a 10/10"
,Recommended,420530,31168887,Posted: 15 April,all,Stabby McMurder,"one of the best games i've play so far, i love the story behind this and as well as the music and artwork <3"
,Recommended,420530,31167023,Posted: 15 April,all,WolfLink,"The puzzles are well designed, the characters are well written, and the story... I don't want to spoil too much but I'll just say in some ways it does Undertale better than Undertale did.My only complaint would be that its a little short (6.3 hours to fully complete the game)"
,Recommended,420530,31163551,Posted: 15 April,all,Tamamo,"At first I wasn't expecting much when I first saw it, the only reason why I got this game is because it was an indie game that was 33% off. However when I first started blindly I was not expecting the game to know my name. Slowly I ended up playing the game and bonding with the protagonist very closely and ended up close to tearing up at the ending.It features fourth-wall breaking mechanics that require you to move and delete files to solve some puzzles to be able to continue in the story. The game also reacts accordingly if you close the game or delete it's save file and implements this mechanic into the game.I believe this game deserves the best of chances because of its unique mechanics and memorable characters. It's sad to see this game isn't all that popular, but I'm fine with it. I wish to forever remember this game because of its massive impact it had on me."
76561198150476192,Recommended,420530,28709246,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Flipperi80,Bes game. loved it
76561198328120620,Recommended,420530,31144949,Posted: 14 April,all,cyberxsm,"I was finally able to finish my first playthrough of OneShot today and I can honestly say this game left me in complete and utter awe. It was quick to get me interested in the complex world that it protrayed and easily got me emotionally attached to the characters (mainly Niko, of course). This game grabbed and held onto my attention from the very beginning to the very end, as well as continued to surprise me after every turn.I can say with no doubt in my mind that this is the best RPG that I have ever played and probably ever will. I am so glad that I was able to purchase this game and got the chance to experience the world that it brought to life. I highly recommend to anyone debating playing this game to go and do so. It will not disappoint!"
,Recommended,420530,31139624,Posted: 14 April,all,Pycorax,There seems to be quite a number of comparisons between this and Undertale simply because they're 2D story-focused adventure games. They are not the same. The only similarity the games may share is how much you will come to adore the characters and the world.Go into this game completely blind and I'm sure you will find it to be a pleasant surprise.
76561198253576222,Recommended,420530,31141994,Posted: 14 April,all,LampLighter-Red,"I was excpecting a good game but this blew me away, its such a great game for 10$ i highly recomend someone looking for a amazing game."
76561198077943171,Recommended,420530,31153609,Posted: 15 April,all,Galdrum,This is quite a lovely game.
,Recommended,420530,31157345,Posted: 15 April,all,Mrs. NougatMeister,"Best game I have ever played. I know it might not look like a lot to you when you just watch the trailer. But if you like a game with a great story, then this is a ""must have"" game. It got several endings, and after the solstice update it got even better. If you like a game where you might end up crying, then buy this masterpiece.You do really get a personal connection to the little child named Niko."
76561198065589126,Recommended,420530,31146877,Posted: 14 April,all,Ground Control to Majortom,"Such a beautiful game!At first I thought it would be short and simple. I just bought it out of curiousity....But now I've finish it.......THIS IS THE BEST GAME I HAVE EVER HAD THE OPPURTINITY TO PLAY. Story and interaction were the best! even though my time was short, I loved every moment of it.. If you love story driving game. GET THIS NOW!"
76561198128134819,Recommended,420530,29049630,Posted: 5 January,all,Luk Nubs 7,FANTASTIC Game!But be careful. Your choice. Is permanent.Also I thought Niko was a girl for the longest time...
76561198079225131,Recommended,420530,31147373,Posted: 14 April,all,Nathrot,"This game.... This game deserves true recognition. This game is truely one of the best story games I have ever played. This game is able to capture your attention with it's beautiful cinamatics that keeps you engaged with the story until the end. *MINOR SPOILERS AHEAD*  This game is replayable after the story is completed. You can get a new ending that is the ""true"" ending. This wraps everything up nicely and makes you feel good about yourself. All in all this game will last you at least 6 hours. The only thing that I could say about this game is the length for the price. The game will last you around 6 hours but if your are into good story telling games as well as pixel art you will love this game. 9/10"
76561198125305237,Recommended,420530,31189370,Posted: 16 April,all,kasmasensei,"The game as a whole, gave me the most incredible feelings. All throughout the whole playthrough. Sure it's 'short', yet it didn't really feel short. My time with it was well spent. And I already know I'm gonna go right back in soon.~Have you ever wanted to be a hero only because it felt right? Ever felt like hugging a small child who just needs a mountain of pancakes? Ever just wanted to really feel a good story that makes your heart tender?Play and gift this game. Change some hearts out there. You only need OneShot."
76561198137647941,Recommended,420530,28951493,Posted: 2 January,all,Fusoni,"THE GOODThis game can be unbearably touching. The worlds lore is very intriguing. The puzzles are not very difficult but will take some thought. I did come to care for the main characters endearing personality and the world you are tasked to save. The fourth wall braking was clever and enjoyable.THE BAD<SPOILERS> None of your choices really matter. At the end you're faced with a pretty heavy moral dilemma, but there are no further consiquences to deal with seeing as the games over. Though thats not honestly that bad its the fact that youre basically ment to play through the game a second time just for new dialogue. The first run through choices have no impact on the second run through so basically the feelings become undone when you realize that the name OneShot has no bearing outside of the title <END SPOILERS>VERDICTI do suggest you play this game when the price drops, even where it falls flat it was still very enjoyable."
76561198351697200,Recommended,420530,31191956,Posted: 16 April,all,mdemygrl,"This was the best game I have ever played.  It was creative, funny, emotional, and thought-provoking the whole way through.  I was captivated from start to finish! Play this game right now!"
76561198211232699,Recommended,420530,31191203,Posted: 16 April,all,DogeLover26,"I really enjoyed this game very much, but it makes me very sad that it can be played only once.... Unless you're willing to go through the hardship of deleting a save file..."
76561198300621214,Recommended,420530,31191138,Posted: 16 April,all,SCMCFALL913,"I LOVE this game. Even though im sure im not very far into the game, its a beautiful game. Its storytelling and humor reminds me of undertale. i give it a 10/10"
76561198370192251,Recommended,420530,31198031,Posted: 17 April,all,Sigma2421,Is good
,Recommended,420530,31197293,Posted: 17 April,all,Egg,good
,Recommended,420530,30209168,Posted: 26 February,all,null_,"The soundtrack is nice to listen to, I greatly enjoy al the characters, and the artwork for the game is really nice.Also, I can enjoy the humor, but that's subjective.The puzzles in this game are really unique, and nothing is too much of a ""copy+paste."" There's not too much of anything (other than walking) to the point of it being something you hate, and there's not too little of anything.can't wait for solstice update (or whatever is being teased)"
76561198068840100,Recommended,420530,30206157,Posted: 26 February,all,Aira ღ,"There's no way someone can play this and not love it. Everything about it - from the beautiful artwork and music to accompany it, to the story and every last character and dialogue - is just so precious. Ah, my poor heart."
76561198129862536,Recommended,420530,30089812,Posted: 21 February,all,[B2] GonnaDoStuff,"When I first saw this game it sort-of looked like undertale to me, with with whom I am kind-of obsessed. Please don't stop reading just because of that. This game always seemed interesting to me, but I didn't know if it was worth my money. I soon realised this is nothing like pundertale because it really has no fighting system. After wanting the game for some time, I realised, I could get it through... sources? (Pls no arrest).Real review:After playing the game for the first time, I already got stumped in the first room, where I saw, that this was a sort of puzzle game that is already showing its creativity. After learning what the game will be like, I quickly started learning. I spent another 10 minutes in the game where my switch clicked. The game already managed to amaze me just after a few minutes. Now, you may be wondering, what was the thing that amazed you, let me tell you. The story, even tho simplistic in a way, had nice gameplay and already showed the awesomeness that it is, it had some unique features that you will have to see for your self that really make you feel like a part of the game. At that moment, I knew, that I made a mistake. I closed the game, went to steam and instantly bought it. Yes, I found have waited for a sale, but I refused. I wanted to support the creators for what they have done, and hope, there will be more in the future. I thought to my self, if they can make an amazing game once, why not make another, and even if they don't, that's OK, they already made something amazing that people enjoy and will enjoy in the future. Now, I know I haven't done much in the game yet, so I will edit this review (or at least the next part) once I finish it.Practical review:This is a game for those who enjoy story and abnormal game features. It contains a puzzle concept and some 4th wall breaking features that really amen you deal like a part of the game. Even tho I wrote a lot of good stuff about this game, I don't think it's perfect.Pros:-Amazing story-Fun gameplay-Risky game features-loveable character-Nice soundtrack-Likeable graphic choice (I like 16-bit and that sort of games, not sure how much bit this game is)-Not that expensive-In the end it really tries to break your hearth-LOTS of little secrets, which make the game even more enjoyable, some even after completing the gameCons:-A bit fast paced (if you can figure out the puzzles) so you don't really get to attack to all the characters, but still get to know them a bitSPOILER-You don't get to see what happens to Niko in the endI hope this review helped and i made you wan't to get this AMAZING game! Thanks for reading!"
76561198087233905,Recommended,420530,31166662,Posted: 15 April,all,Lux,"Other than Undertale, I've truely never been so immersed and genuinely emotionally moved with a video game.Feeling like you are really apart of their world..  If you're a fan of games breaking the fourth wall, then this  is 100% up your ally.More games like this need to exist.  The developers did an outstanding job creating such a brilliant masterpiece.Do yourself a favor and just get it."
76561198297588490,Recommended,420530,31186477,Posted: 16 April,all,Prohero20,"This game doesnt need words, just play.."
,Recommended,420530,30134370,Posted: 23 February,all,-Samek-,"Highly recommend for reasons I can't explain cuz SPOILERS. Just trust me on this on, it is well worth playing. 9.5/10"
,Recommended,420530,30882274,Posted: 1 April,all,jonahmeyer2017,The coolest game I've ever played!
,Recommended,420530,31199409,Posted: 17 April,all,Eriktor,I cried... many times....stopped counting after the first time...
76561198142832909,Recommended,420530,31200469,Posted: 17 April,all,AHamluk0213,I loved it so much at the true ending I cryed.... and i went ahead at got all the achevements making it my first 100% game
76561198054502928,Recommended,420530,31130494,Posted: 14 April,all,アリ ♥,Absolutely phenomenal game with a very complex and well rounded story. Would reccomend to anyone who enjoys an immersive adventure game withclever 4th wall breaking twists.
,Recommended,420530,31129800,Posted: 13 April,all,Iced Remedy,"OneShot was a game i went into with somewhat high expectations after hearing about it being a 'glorious' piece of adventure and storytelling. I can say that it surpassed what i originally thought. I would strongly reccomend you read and explore everything everytime you play the game over again. Also just a heads up, once you play it once it is nearly impossible to ""start fresh"", I've gone as far as attempting to delete game files and re-install multiple times but to no avail. SO ENJOY IT"
,Recommended,420530,31133390,Posted: 14 April,all,Snipes,I will always pick Niko.Even if I were to restart the game and playthrough again.I HAVE NO REGRETS.... Just confusing tears.
,Recommended,420530,30763571,Posted: 26 March,all,crit,"did I beat the game, or did the game beat me?"
76561198033971729,Recommended,420530,30779772,Posted: 27 March,all,Scarifar,"What a journey this has been. After going through both endings and now the bonus chapter, I can say that this game is everything I expected and more. The characters, the story, even the mechanics, they were all just SO GOOD!!! I seriously cannot recommend this game enough.A lot of it is just walking around, with a touch of unique puzzle solving added in here and there, but doing all of that to progress through the story is just such an experience.100/10 all the way.Someone people may compare this to Undertale, and I can't blame them. They both provide such great stories to tell, funny and interesting characters to interact with, and a wonderful world to explore. However, they may also say that this is better or worse than Undertale. I personally don't think it is either. Undertale focuses on making choices actually MATTER, which even Oneshot cannot compare with. However, Oneshot uses its unique mechanics for the player to interact with files on your computer itself to solve puzzles and provide entertainment, which most other games, Undertale included, do not have. Simply put, neither is better than the other. Both have their merits for being great games, and both deserve their Overwhelmingly Positive scores."
76561198293633473,Recommended,420530,30804164,Posted: 28 March,all,razz509 on pc,"This game is incredibly unique and tells a wonderfull and emotional story, even more so after the Solstice update which hits ya right in the FEELS!"
76561198214228452,Recommended,420530,30797064,Posted: 28 March,all,freek077,"Holy fish moly mabobs. This is literally the most breathtaking adventure I've had in a digital space. The character design and emotional interactions are on a whole other level. I recommend this to people who want a game they can spend at least 3 days on and end with a very difficult decision. But it doesn't end on your first run. You can play it again and have similar but slightly different interactions. After you find out how to replay it, that is. The new solstice update also brings another factor of replayability and opens your understanding of the world to a deeper level. Again, awesome game and props to the developers for making a grown man cry in front of nothing but a digital story."
,Recommended,420530,30769833,Posted: 27 March,all,Nullz,"Probably one of the best story-driven games I have played.What really sold me is the unique mechanics you'll encounter to solve puzzles.If you are into these kinds of games, I REALLY reccommend you to play this game.Absolutely stunned.10/10"
,Recommended,420530,30803550,Posted: 28 March,all,Kranglekryp,"Just a really really good game. Interesting puzzles that make you think but nothing infuriatingly difficult, and they're really well integrated into the game in a way I don't think I've experienced before (there's a well executed meta aspect to much of it). Also it has a *lot* of heart, it really pulls at your heartstrings in certain moments and makes you personally care about the characters without feeling hammy or cheap. Nor does it feel pretentious or overwrought, there's a good balance. The setting, the story, the writing, it just feels very well put together, and the recent update made the game go from really good to exceptional, in my opinion. In summary it's a gosh darn excellent lil game and I wholeheartedly reccomend it."
,Recommended,420530,30789945,Posted: 28 March,all,M3TA,A video game has never made me cry until i played Oneshot.
,Recommended,420530,30782707,Posted: 27 March,all,MrMan,This Game has moved me in so many ways. I Highly reccomend you check it out.
,Recommended,420530,30782542,Posted: 27 March,all,Scriptis,"If you've got $10, seven hours of time, and a hobby for games that take it outside the box, OneShot is probably for you."
,Recommended,420530,30782646,Posted: 27 March,all,Fry,Amazing.
,Recommended,420530,30781608,Posted: 27 March,all,JetBalrog,"I can't say anything about this game's story, beyond the fact that it actually made me tear up. It's... don't let the game's assurance that you only have One Shot dissuade you from playing this. Trust me, it's worth every minute you spend. The characters are just... gah, I just love this game so much."
,Recommended,420530,31323036,Posted: 23 April,all,I stroked myself into a stroke,Only gods receive commemorative T-shirts!
76561198157631412,Recommended,420530,31321523,Posted: 23 April,all,mmanders,"This game should get more attention.The storyline is great, and you can get really attached to Niko :3Characters are intresting.Sound track is pretty good.Make the choice.Includes multiple rams.Niko is NOT a cat. Pay your respects.Get every achivement and play the solstice route if you disagree."
76561198107083642,Recommended,420530,31313793,Posted: 23 April,all,CallMeCat,God that game was the single greatest story game I have ever played loved It#pancakes
,Recommended,420530,31329916,Posted: 23 April,all,NATHAN DRUGS,"This game is neato, quite an adventure"
76561198018348095,Recommended,420530,31345184,Posted: 24 April,all,Sashi,"How do I even review this?This game... Is SO amazing!I started playing this game like any other game. Turn it on, see where I start off and go forward with whatever mission I'm given. This game isn't like that. It completely blew me away nearly right off the bat. I won't give anything away but I remember my eyes just shot open and I froze. *How did a video game know that?"" Is what I asked myself. As I played, I started to feel empathy for the world and its inhabitants. When I got the original ending I felt a mixture of feelings but started again anyway to see what else I could do. When I got the *Special* ending, I cried so much! I cried for an hour after it was over, knowing that my journey with Niko was at an end. It didn't end because there wasn't more to explore, but because I decided to let things be as they were.I can't even call this a game I don't think. This.... Was a journey into another world.So, my recommendation, get this game. You won't be disappointed at all. You might even come to love the world you explore."
76561198054956552,Recommended,420530,31345785,Posted: 24 April,all,D1ckypr0st41nt,"Me after beating Undertale: ""Wow that was a really emotionally touching and well written story.""Me after beating OneShot: *incoherent rambling and sobbing*"
76561198121398462,Recommended,420530,31343639,Posted: 24 April,all,Mr.Cookies_7,"10/10I loved it. Great sound track. This is not like any normal RPG, all the niftly machanics are awsome and were very surprising.  The story is very interesting, and when it matters most it lets you make the decision. Which is cool and stressful.  I absolutely recommend you get this game. If you do get the game you can play in full scree but I promise you it's BEST experienced in window mode."
,Recommended,420530,31344904,Posted: 24 April,all,Gremloch,I was pleasantly surprised with this game.  It really made me feel for the characters and made decisions that much more tough to make!
,Recommended,420530,31346660,Posted: 24 April,all,Tato™,"Great game, defo worth the money, very unique and immersive experience~"
76561198088530928,Recommended,420530,31346684,Posted: 24 April,all,okguy167,"...In order for you to understand this game, play it before you watch someone else play it.If you already know the story, then the game is ruined.Buy it if you haven't been spoiled, or otherwise don't. It'll make all the difference.The story is great, but I won't say anything else, 'cause I'll end up spoiling it.And finaly, this game will make some files in the Document section of your comuter. Don't look anywhere else when prompted to look for things."
76561198172253909,Recommended,420530,28891856,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,tajnawolf,This game is... an adventure.You NEED to play it blind.And please don't play it in fullscreen.I don't even have words anymore.This game has killed me.help
76561198248588344,Recommended,420530,29014045,Posted: 4 January,all,papafranku,this is a game that really blows my mind...awesome
76561198045483257,Recommended,420530,29048394,Posted: 5 January,all,zealk,"so imagine half way though getting bored and slaughtering the townsfolk of skyrim the game stops and one of the villagers turns to you and says 'you are a terrible person... the one with the bowl of cheetoes and the controler in your hand, I hate you.' then the game overwrote all your saves and the entire game becomes dealing with that horrible thing you did.Its alot like that, early in the game the characters let you know that the main hero is the chosen one... but he is guided by YOU, they call you by name and point out its your fault if he fails. also, no do overs... good luck."
,Recommended,420530,29121020,Posted: 8 January,all,ÅKi ｡◕‿‿◕｡,"OneShot is a fun, sort of intense game. the game challenges you to save a mysterious world and if you die or close the game while playing you lose and neko dies.It has some confusing hints outside the game that it gives you. i would recommend this to people with lotsof time on their hands or like 45 mins every now and then. Good Luck"
,Recommended,420530,29061446,Posted: 6 January,all,Takashishiful,"I am not gonna say a single thing but this.If you took even a second out of your day to look at this game, (which I know you did because you're reading reviews) buy it. Don't even consider it, just trust me, a person you don't know. I promise not only will you have no regrets about it, you will be so glad you did. It's amazing."
,Recommended,420530,29119706,Posted: 8 January,all,Imposter Oak,"Short, easy, immersive and adorable.  It was a great few hours and well worth the cost. I had a wonderful time meeting all the characters and helping everyone."
,Recommended,420530,29133903,Posted: 8 January,all,crpack |~iwl~| -LS- -HFE-,"A great game with an amazing story, beautiful graphics, and a perfect soundtrack. Pushes the concept of storytelling in a game past what I have seen before in a very new and suprising way. Would whole-heartedly recommend this game to anybody."
,Recommended,420530,29135833,Posted: 8 January,all,Teg,Wonderful.
,Recommended,420530,29146292,Posted: 9 January,all,CIMN,"Wonderful world building and interesting characters. Highly recommend that you avoid any spoilers for this game and jump straight in if you have an interest for the atomosphere.I wouldn't say the gameplay is especially complex, but they do help show how much of a characteryouare and how you impact the story. There are a few parts that had me running in circles, but the end results were worth the amount of thought.Eventually will go back and play through the game a second time to get any missing achievements and try different actions. The full price (what I paid) is pretty fair for the amount of gameplay, but I'd highly recommend picking it up on sale if you're at all interested."
76561198091035798,Recommended,420530,29132429,Posted: 8 January,all,A2Z312,99999999999/10
,Recommended,420530,29156462,Posted: 9 January,all,:>,I cried at least five times and I'll probably cry at least five more times.
,Recommended,420530,29156745,Posted: 9 January,all,Foolish Dave,"I love this game. I don't think I've ever actually cared for a protagonist in a video game until I played this, the unique puzzle mechanics of this game blew my mind the first time through, but admittedly could be clunky at times and were significantly less cool on a second playthrough. I also don't truly see any real reason to replay this game untilmarch when the countdown clock in the city you see on your second playthrough will reach 0and because I feel even more strongly about keeping this save file in tact than my undertale true pacifist save. I want more of this game though, and I want more people to find it, so that we can see the ideas established in this game expanded upon further."
,Recommended,420530,31001452,Posted: 7 April,all,Miscellaneous Rocket Scientist,"I am one of those people who usually would rather watch a let's-player's series on a game than actualy play it. That being said, it means a lot that this is perhaps the only time I decided to buy a game immediately after watching a single episode of someone's blind playthrough. I certainly do not regret this decision. If you came here from YouTube, then please just play the game already; it will be worth your while."
76561198213535964,Recommended,420530,31000579,Posted: 7 April,all,soehner18,"I had my eye on it and decided to get it cuz why notI had heard good things about this gameI had high expectationsI had my expectations not metI had my expectations BLOWN OUT OF THE WATERThis game is worth every penny i spent on it. The characters are lovable, the world is interesting, The endings will rip you apartI would rather spend 10 dollars on a short but touching game than 20+ on a long bland one9.5/10 would bother friends with playing popups again"
76561197970531020,Recommended,420530,28739368,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,CÆLEN,"Only 40 or so minutes in and this game has already impressed me so much, whilst it is essentially a fairly standard rpgmaker puzzle/adventure type game it just feels like so much more, it constantly amazes me with cool little things that really i didnt expect. i don't want to spoil anything so ill just leave it at thatIll update this review after playing more, but honestly I strongly believe this is going to be one of my favourite games i've played this year"
,Recommended,420530,31366573,Posted: 25 April,all,AceWolf,"This game is something totally unlike anything i've ever played. The would and the characters are beautiful. The game does things that legitimately left me stunned. It takes the practice of Storytelling on a computer to a level that no one else has come close to, and what a story it has to tell. The game doesn't need hours of content and pages upon pages of additional backstory to make you care about the characters. I have never felt the need to recommend a game as hard as this one. The experience is well worth the cost of the game and the tissues for the possible emotional trauma.It also let me live out my closet-dream of watching a cat ride a Roomba∞/1It really makes the most of One Shot"
76561198302816452,Recommended,420530,31365278,Posted: 25 April,all,moo juice,"This game is absolutely perfect. From the big choice at the end, I had felt conflicts that I didn't want to deal with. Such hard choices, such good characters, a right amount of amusement and seriousness, this game was absolutely perfect. I would recommend this to absolutely anyone, whether you like RPG's or not."
,Recommended,420530,31379325,Posted: 26 April,all,Fudge,"Oh you have a nice 4th wall,it would be a shame if someone put 20 kilos of dynamite and blow it to dust."
76561198105662688,Recommended,420530,31405676,Posted: 27 April,all,ArcticSky,An amazing fun game that makes you think differently.
,Recommended,420530,31402989,Posted: 27 April,all,Pumpkin Spice Scrumpy,oh christ my heart hurts :^(
,Recommended,420530,31421302,Posted: 28 April,all,A$AP Cry,"ok, i know i only played a bit of the game, but what i've seen in the 20 mins i've been playing shocked me. i got scared, thrilled and nervous at the same time, this is the first game that did that to me. i recommend, ALOT."
,Recommended,420530,31422770,Posted: 28 April,all,foxache,Amazing!!
76561197990505519,Recommended,420530,31419199,Posted: 28 April,all,AidsBolaPoxFlu,Decent adventure game
,Recommended,420530,31388153,Posted: 26 April,all,woob ☭,i miss niko
76561198153848624,Recommended,420530,31451644,Posted: 29 April,all,Loke The Phoenix,"Great and inovative gameplay, deep story, all and all, the original Undertale. Before you say anything, this game was first released in 2003. 100% worth every cent."
76561198219640025,Recommended,420530,31456063,Posted: 29 April,all,TheJord,"I've been trying to write a review for the past hour, but words just don't do this game justice. Incredible music, storyline, and characters... best 10 dollars I've ever spent."
76561198383129132,Recommended,420530,31464671,Posted: 30 April,all,oliviaseitz,So original and creative. I love every second of this game!
76561198080701506,Recommended,420530,31495620,Posted: 1 May,all,_MMF_,Fantastic! Haven't even finished and fantatsic!
76561198308739563,Recommended,420530,31473932,Posted: 30 April,all,Anna,"A gorgeous game, The writing, characters, soundtrack, and just overall feel of the game is so beautiful. It's extremely emotional and definetly one of the best games I've played."
,Recommended,420530,31480295,Posted: 30 April,all,「R-B NUBBS」,"Good story, nice pixel graphics, really unique puzzles. Definitely worth playing if you enjoy adventure games."
76561198099698975,Recommended,420530,31479896,Posted: 30 April,all,TheCharismaticQuail,"If you really appreciated Undertale this hits alot of the same themes, it has a much darker tone though instead of the video game humour Undertale has.Oneshot insists that it deserves the same amount of respect that any living person does and will challenge your own beliefs on what it means to be real."
,Recommended,420530,31474591,Posted: 30 April,all,Micah,"Such a beautiful game with memorable characters, it can cause you emotional as well at certain times. Especially the ending. There's also some sick 4th wall breaking as well that I've never seen before being implemented into a game."
,Recommended,420530,31479060,Posted: 30 April,all,MaddoxGhost,At first I thought it'd be another clone of some RPG with a good reviewed story but im glad my pessimism was wrong after completing the game FULLY. No part left unchecked. Though i'll admit that some of the puzzles were confuzing I eventually found the solution. Over all this was a great game and i'm glad to have played it. Games like these have a way of getting you to care however they can.
,Recommended,420530,31495049,Posted: 1 May,all,Mirth,"Highly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys adventure games, particularly if you are looking for something with a slight twist on the formula. You should go in with as few spoilers as possible in order to get the most out of this experience. If you have ever played an adventure game where you must combine items together and use them on the environment to progress, you know what you are in for with OneShot. Avoid it if that's not your thing. Don't read past this paragraph if you want absolutely no more information than this, but I recommend that you do read my tip below about how to go about experiencing everything this game has to offer.--------------------Now that the Solstice chapter has been released, I recommend that new players play through the core game at least once, ideally two times in order to experience different endings, then avoid playing for a while. It's difficult to articulate why without spoiling the aforementioned experience, but trust me. Let the game sink in, avoid going online to read discussion of it, and then come back and play the game again after at least a month. When you do, go for the Solstice content. You'll know you're on the right track when you find it and you'll thank me for encouraging you to wait it out. This is the only game I've ever seen where leaving ample time between playthroughs is recommended, rather than ploughing through all of the content in one go."
,Recommended,420530,31495738,Posted: 1 May,all,Tempystmage,Great game i streamed it last night and had so much fun learning the story
76561197967223600,Recommended,420530,28971176,Posted: 3 January,all,Mairuu,I absolutly adore this game.It has such a good feel to it and I love the world and sound track.It is best played spoiler free.
,Recommended,420530,28575647,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Krazburg,"Rarely does a game make me think as much as this game does. The artstyle is great, and the soundtrack perfectly fits the parts of the game the songs are used in. I dont want to say too much because it is best played blind, but I will say that it is without a doubt the most meta game I have ever played"
,Recommended,420530,29222586,Posted: 13 January,all,A Huge Pancake,"Very atmospheric game with a strong story. May not be for everyone as it's mainly about medium-difficulty puzzles in a very chill and emotional environment, and has no combat whatsoever. It's a breath of fresh air, with some very clever 4th-wall breaking elements, emotional decisions and good music. Quite short, but a highly recommended experience."
76561198097675040,Recommended,420530,29236321,Posted: 13 January,all,Bag1124,"This game is absolutely phenominal. This is probably my favorite game of all time, and I have played many many games. The story is mindblowing and touching. It asks all the right questions and has amazing characters and lore.  While it may be short the hours you get  out of it will simply be amazing. It may take a little time to get into at first, but this game is definitely worth it and i would pay $30 for it easily. It's the first game I've  seen to get so many things right and utilise specificly a computers power in ways I would never dream of in a game. I literally can't recommend this enough, and I think it  deserves SO much more recognition. I love this game and you may too. Buy it and spread the word how amazing this game is. It deserves recognition."
76561198049010888,Recommended,420530,29239731,Posted: 13 January,all,DeutschKitsch,"This is really one of my favorite games now. The game does an excellent job at getting you attached to the protagonist and makes your decision(s) weigh that much heavier on your heart. I really felt like a true part of the game, to an extent that no other game has been able to make me feel. This is definitely a unique experience that everyone should play."
76561198012830596,Recommended,420530,29235162,Posted: 13 January,all,Velosae,"Buy this game.Best feels/hr/$ I've ever experiencedVery creative and unique gameplay, must experienceBuy this game now."
,Recommended,420530,31070366,Posted: 10 April,all,Alpaca Man,Fantastic game where the fourth wall is almost nonexistant.
,Recommended,420530,31068562,Posted: 10 April,all,Uncle Slim,"To anyone thinking this game doesnt have enough content for its price, you may not play it for ten hours but you'll have so much enjoyment whilst playing the game. After you beat it you'll sit there and be likewow.what content this game has is so good it goes beyond being worth $10, especially if you havent seen much gameplay of it."
76561198211544031,Recommended,420530,31063632,Posted: 10 April,all,Poison Headcrab,"Quiet possibly one of the best games I have ever played. This game takes the fourth wall down until there is nothing left of it, and that is just beautiful. I reccomend this game to anyone who likes adventure type games, good soundtracks, and loveable characters cause this game has all of that, and much more."
,Recommended,420530,31064726,Posted: 10 April,all,PlasmaLink,"A cute remake of a cute RPGMaker game. In the original, you only had one shot. Once you exited the window or finished the game, you were unable to relaunch. You only had One Shot. Funnily enough, for the steam remaster, and especially the new update, they give the game huge replay value.This is a game that is very good. There are a lot of parallels to Undertale, though keep in mind that the original came out before UT.You take charge of a cat dude named Niko. Your mission is to take him across the lands to a tower and deliver a lightbulb, the new sun, to the world. Its old one died, and it's decaying as a result. Along the way, you meet many characters with lovable personalities and portraits, and come to find you enjoy spending time with Niko and the world itself. So you continue your pilgrimage in order to save them.The game has a slow start. After plopping you in the first open area, all you can really do is wander around for a while, looking for what to do or where to go. Look up a walkthrough if you must, but try not to spoil yourself. This is a game you do not want spoiled.The game starts to really pick up steam around the end of the first area, though. Stick with it, and eventually you'll have no problem continuing.I don't want to say much more, for fear of spoiling someone even a slight bit. If you liked Undertale, but maybe didn't quite like the ravenous fanbase, buy this game. If you're looking for a unique game with strange mechanics, buy this game. If you like cute characters in a bleak setting, buy this game. If you're a fan of clever 4th wall breaking, oh god please buy this game. I came into it thinking ""oh yeah, gonna break the 4th wall, whatever"" but some points in the game left me with my jaw dropped.The only way I wouldn't recommend this to someone is if they truly hated anything artsy, or lacking in action. This is a narrative driven puzzle game, where you combine items and interact with the world. If you feel the need to shoot something every minute, buy this game for your friend instead."
,Recommended,420530,31071564,Posted: 10 April,all,RaspberrySleuth,I really love how there is no fourth wall here. It makes you feel like you are really part of the story.
,Recommended,420530,31003193,Posted: 7 April,all,alecma,this was one of the best games that i played i loved it it was so fun and wen i finished the first run that last choice took me 30 mins to choose it its like a life or death good or bad but no choice i wrong its really hard loved 10 lighbulbs/out of 10 glowing cute eyes
,Recommended,420530,29180833,Posted: 11 January,all,Sleepyefi,I get easily attached and I can't make decisions.This game slayed me.Will replay and question myself again.
,Recommended,420530,29511117,Posted: 26 January,all,Brad,"Okay, clearly you should play this game. That goes without saying. BUT, there are some things you should know:- at one point the game bugged out, resulting in the screen becoming pitch black except for Niko. After stepping outside, the background was present but the buildings and pathways disappeared. Restarting the game fixed the issue, but if you're going for all the achievements, you'll get pretty upset as resetting locks an achievement.- the game can be completed in around 3-5 hours on your first playthrough. Personally speaking, the game wasn't worth the $10 price tag unless you liked Undertale. Speaking of which...- the meta aspect of this game goes far beyond Undertale. Therefore, if that was a feature you enjoyed in that game, you'll definitely enjoy this game.tl;dr:If you liked Undertale, this game is right up your alley."
76561198068065742,Recommended,420530,29494210,Posted: 25 January,all,determinedidiot,"Wow where to freaking begin. This game right here. Wow i haven't had a game experience like this in a long time. It really pushed me and wasnt afraid to make me think and figure everything out. It told a simple story but the characters and the way it was told was so interesting. And the relationship between you and Niko was so intimate and unique atleast in my experience. i never had me and the character im controlling as seperate beings. Usually games get you invested but making you feel like the character you are playing. But Oneshot makes it clear you are two seperate people and working together. I really don't want to spoiler anything. This is really one of those games you need to play blind and truly experience. Trust me it is really worth the money for it. The music, the characters, the unique gameplay,and how the game interacts with you. If you need any more reason this is my first game review and i have had steam for years. This game made me want to write a review."
76561198359516335,Recommended,420530,29489513,Posted: 25 January,all,rubenweber24,"Without leaving spoilers, it is impossible to write a review. Thus, I will only say this: I hae rarely ever played a game that sucks into its world like OneShot. In hindsight, I should have paid a lot more for this game in order to support the creators and I hope to see more games like this one in the future.This game is an absolute must-play!"
,Recommended,420530,29324020,Posted: 17 January,all,ModestMike87,great game.
,Recommended,420530,29339103,Posted: 18 January,all,alex167g,Wow...
,Recommended,420530,29337921,Posted: 18 January,all,ZOOMbrano,great game play it
76561197991673649,Recommended,420530,29284373,Posted: 15 January,all,Ttdkrz,The game has a strong enough story to stand on its own. The unique system that guides the player through the progression of the game is unlike anything I've ever seen and was very cool to experience. Don't miss this one. Great soundtrack too.
,Recommended,420530,29289956,Posted: 15 January,all,MasterMizuro,This game is seriously the best experience you could have. This game makes you feel more apart of it than ever shattering the fourth wall. It made me personally feel like the thing it was talking me up to be in the game which was a guide. I'd totally recommend this game it was a experience to be had and one of the best indie games out there as of now.
76561197990441880,Recommended,420530,29309077,Posted: 16 January,all,The_Raw_Feed,"Overall, I recommend playing OneShot. While it didn't resonate with me like ""Undertale"" did (which I admit is a tall order), it was a pleasant experience with a unique game mechanic and a relaxing athmosphere. Given that it cost me the same amout as a movie ticket, it game me five hours of good entertainment. So, I cosider it well worth the price.The drawback to the game was that it requires the player to become invested with the story and have the characters resonate with them or it falls flat. Which they didn't for me. While they weren't badly written or annoying, there just wasn't enough to the characters to make them compelling and they all lacked a defined identity. I could see all of the elements there, but they either weren't given enough time to connect or their identities didn't extend beyond the character's appearance. In the later parts of the game, the bizzare character appearances were jarring and seemed completely out of place versus everything that I've exerienced up to that point. The characters designs were more grounded and defined by the area, but the later part of the game just seemed to turn to random objects as character heads. Finally, I found that the main character Niko, was bordering on saccharine. I understand why it was designed that way as Niko was supposed to be a child and they were following a ""chibi"" art-style, but there were times where the maple-syrup was laid on a bit thick (see what I did there).On the other hand, the game has an enjoyable, striking, and simple art-style. I enjoyed the world and the design of everything within in. The bold colours, the play of light and dark, and the designs of buildings, characters, and the cut scenes were warm and welcoming. I certainly applaud the designers for that. I also enjoyed the simple music and sound effects. They were effective for what they were to represent and pleasant to listen to. I enjoyed the primarily piano score as it was relaxing and soothing at many times. The music also helped to convey the feelings of the scene effectively without being heavy-handed. I also enjoyed the climax of the game as it was a unique meta-game moment that I haven't experienced before. While I find digging through game files as annoying at times, this was tolerable and the ending was an effective and memorable idea."
,Recommended,420530,29328160,Posted: 17 January,all,"Mr. ""Spooky Hat"" Brawls","I cannot say anything about this game, as it will spoil the game. This game is magical not knowing anything, and going in *completely blind* is the best thing to do to keep that magic. All I can say, is if the trailer and screenshots intrest you, then you have to get this game, don't look at any guides or in-depth reviews, and just play it for yourself. You will not regret playing OneShot. It is an experience that is worth the price tag."
76561198083487369,Recommended,420530,30915392,Posted: 2 April,all,Fire boy 303,"When you finish the game the first time, delet the not true save file, and you'll play a better game this time, also ITS A REAL WORLD, IT IS REAL AS YOU AND ME, he walked off the game screen, and the game was windowed, thats not possible, that HAS to mean its real.<-period, no qestions asked."
76561198360936990,Recommended,420530,29305049,Posted: 16 January,all,Alice,"This game is AMAZING! Having just played Undertale, all runs, this reminds me of it alot!"
76561198100018241,Recommended,420530,29305589,Posted: 16 January,all,Dormint Blue,I nearly cried at the end. And the reason I didn't completly ball my eyes out and roll on the floor begging for forgivness is because I have been dead inside for a while.Beautiful game.
76561198142011295,Recommended,420530,30749775,Posted: 26 March,all,Zinico,"This game is... I wish I could describe it, but all I can say is that this game is simply fantastic.Now excuse me while I try to describe it.This game follows the undertale logic, or, rather, Undertale follows it's logic by undercutting what game players have come to expect from games these days, or even the days of 2003 when, from my research, the first version of this game came out. It's tone is set up from the very beginning, whereyou start locked in a dark room with little escape, using only your logic to scan the room, find what you can, and figure out how to get out. In the process, you access a computer who then pulls your name (Or the name of your PC) and speaks to you directly.This gives the game incredible themeing, setting the mood and the mindset you need to play this game. Both the name of the game and it's quest serve to incite emotion, as you don't know what to expect.I'll throw my own sentiments in too. I was on edge the whole game, as it projects an uneasy atmosphere to the player so naturally. I was always nervous about what I would run into next, and always happy when I solved a puzzle.The world that was built up here is very much alive, irony aside, as it's full of tidbits and hints to the world that you inhabit. The most simple way I could put it is that the world doesn't feel built for the player. The world exists on it's own. You just happen to be traversing it.You know, that kind of feeling. That rich feeling that the world exists and is alive.The music is fitting and well made, quality crafts of audio art made to enhance and stand as an element of the game, rather than falling to the background as a meer mood queue. Just like it's younger brother Undertale, the music is something I enjoy away from the game as well as in it, though I know that the way it is written doesn't lend itself up to casual listening. I'd like to make special mention of the 3rd area of the game. That one more than any refused to leave me for quite some time.The music was made and succeeds to excite emotion, especially whenthey pitch shift it.Oneshot has one more trick I need to discuss.It's manipulation of your computer. Don't worry none, it's all temporary and harmless to your machine. This game has the pension to, at certain points, cause some puzzles to reach beyond the 4 corners of the gameplay window. Notepad documents, your background, and other parts of your computer will come into play when trying to solve some of the games cryptic clues. You'll have to know how to run the basics of computer, like finding files and such.The way and the how this is done is simply fantastic. It's extremely creative and must have taken a lot of work to program some of the interactions. It brought a whole new level of desperado to the situation and air of mystery that seeps into my marrow. I absolutely adore what this game did, especially at the end.And I only have one very incredibly small note I would like the game to have had. I would have liked just a little more interactivity with the main character.Throughout the game, Niko, the character you control, understands that you are there and accepts your guidance as a god. He will refer to you and talk to you as you play the game. However, your interaction with him is delegated to small speech options that appear on the screen sometimes. And what appears is very limited. I can only think of two times you were given any choice, perceived or otherwise, that affected the game. Riding the rumba and getting niko to talk in a robot voice. Both fun, both enjoyable, but just a little lacking. I would have liked just a few more if not one more times where it's just you and niko having a conversation.But this is less than rusty pennies of a note. I could not be happier with the game that I found on a whim.To the makers of this game and those who had a hand in making it real, you did our world good. And I'm more than willing to buy more copies to pass out just to see this game come into the light for more game players.In fact, I think I will. First 2 people to read this review who are interested in this game can send me a message telling me they're interested and I'll buy the game for them.I'll finish up with this. The game can be somewhat polarizing. Just like any game that specializes in it's art, it can't be appreciated by everyone, as is the law of the arts. If logic puzzles and world lore aren't your thing, then I suggest you turn the other way unless you're willing to give it your best.TLDR: Play the game. It's worth your time if you give it time."
,Recommended,420530,29703008,Posted: 4 February,all,F2p,"If you like Undertale, you should not miss this game!+ More mind-blowing forth-wall breaking than UT+ Way cuter protagonist than UT(srsly toby Frisk a bit creepy)+ Tough choice at the end ( I wish there are choices in Nutral and Pacifist Route in UT)+ Light hearted humor in a hopless, decaying world( just like UT)+ You can deeply related all the side characters( However, unlike UT the others are not as unique as UT)+ Lively protagonist( Niko is sooo cute and the reactions are on point! Unlike Frisk, who only has the face of determination:/)+ Well written dialogue[especially The Entity( Flowey in UT)] each playthrough the same dialogue will have totally diferent meaning!(Holy Crab the opening is so cool when you play it the second time)+ Solid puzzle-solving( Not challenging but need a brain)( Unless the last part with the cover, godd luck with that :p)- Moderate BGM( they are decent but no match against UT) ( But I like the giutar one and the last part)+ Unique mechanics![I was amazed when Niko takes a nap(sleep is important to children) the game close down itself]+ No battle( so you can explore the world+Niko is a cat!+Pancakes!All in all, Oneshot inlustrate a fairy tale about a world in despair but you and Niko are the only hope to save the world, it is never too late.Or is it?"
,Recommended,420530,29592738,Posted: 30 January,all,SimonTNG,A very touching story about Niko and her adventure !10 pancakes /10 !!! T~TP.S!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!ƤļƎåȘȅ ŠǡƲȇ ƝƪǨȌ!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,420530,29593804,Posted: 30 January,all,Hyperactive Zergling,"As a foreward, this reveiw is mostly going to be mechanics based. From a narrative perspective, this game is something close to a masterpiece. It took me five hours to complete this game, though it can be completed quicker if you don't do everything in the game.Narrative:-The game uses a type of premise that is only really ever done in video games. The style in question is that it has no fourth wall whatsoever, instead making the player into a character to drive the narrative forward. Another game that did this went by the name of Drawn to Life, although having played both games to completion I feel that this game does the whole writing style a lot more naturally.-Story is not complex, it's about as simple as you can get, so you don't need to worry about keeping a notebook of plot points.-One of the best child characters ever written in a video game I think. This might just be because usually children in video games aren't written well, but in this case the character in question is relatable as a human being which is quite an acomplishment.Mechanical:-It's not a puzzle game. Its about as much of a puzzle game as The Legend of Zelda. You go around the game world interacting with NPCs, events and collect items to combine and use to progress. This is an adventure, not a puzzle.-Travel and movement is smooth and easy to understand. There is little backtracking and for what there is the fast travel system is there to alleviate that.-What Puzzles there are in the game have solid corresponding hints or instructions when the puzzle logic is particularily convolutedOther notes:-Soundtrack is kinda mediocre in my opinion, but it serves it's purpose.-The game makes excellent use of silence as a tone builder.-Visuals are ♥♥♥♥ing enchantingly beautiful. A proper rendition of pixel art, with it's own form and presentation.Conclusion:Buy it. It's a genuinly good game and you probably will enjoy it."
,Recommended,420530,31023393,Posted: 8 April,all,CuddlyKimmy,If you enjoyed undertale you would enjoy this game. You slowly fall in love with the world around you and are captured by the characters. It's a slower paced game but keeps you entranced by the clever puzzles and story you hear. By the end of the game you will fall in love with Neko and her story. It was worth the purchase.
76561198155681663,Recommended,420530,29755268,Posted: 6 February,all,Annatar,"OneShot is wonderful.   It makes you care about the character almost instantly, and treats you - the player - in a completely unique, engaging way.  There's very little I can criticize about this game;  its brevity, wit, and charm are perfectly executed.Play this game.  Go into it blind, and with an open mind.  And remember....You only have OneShot."
,Recommended,420530,29755748,Posted: 6 February,all,Agent Cythera,"Buy this now.I'm not allowed to tell you  why. I'm not allowed to tell you what happens. I'll only tell you to play this game, and to not look it up on the internet before you've completed it.Trust me, this is one of the greats."
76561198260412482,Recommended,420530,29733371,Posted: 5 February,all,Bag of Gay bees,play it.
,Recommended,420530,29733490,Posted: 5 February,all,Undead Kitty 🎃,Just play it.
,Recommended,420530,29738499,Posted: 6 February,all,bluefootednewt,"Like many others, I'm just going to recommend you go into this game knowing as little as possible. Excellent art, excellent music, and somehow simultaneously containing both the most simple and most complex game mechanics I've seen in a game, and I mean that in the best way. Go and pick this one up."
,Recommended,420530,29775399,Posted: 7 February,all,Sessh,This game is a hidden gem that everyone needs to experience at least once if you enjoy adventure games. This game does a lot of original things that I've never seen done before and I loved every second of it. Would recommend to absolutely anyone.
76561198078396389,Recommended,420530,29774743,Posted: 7 February,all,The Mechanic,"I really, really, really loved this game, almost as much as undertale, it is really heartwarming and was very fun with some incredibly cool and unique gameplay features. Though, at the end of the game i was a little dissapointed because there were a lot of loose ends, so im really hoping for some big update(and afterwards a way to replay it for those who beat it), or a sequal, i also felt dissopointed with the characters in the game because though there were good characters in it they only appeared for short periods of time and i feel like you should of met some of them more than that."
,Recommended,420530,29859718,Posted: 11 February,all,Lasagna The Fighters,good gamemain character is best character10/10/10/10/10niko is top qualitynice
76561198014301140,Recommended,420530,29867881,Posted: 12 February,all,TheRetroWarrior,"It's been a while since something so simple, has been so moving. I mean really, this one melted my icy heart... In OneShot.OneShot is a tragic tale of a very earnest little kitten, who looks to you for help to save a strange and unfamiliar dying world. It features gorgeous sprite art and several suprisingly robust characters.My biggest suggestion to you, the player, is to do yourself a favor; Play this one at night. Just trust me on that. Sit down late at night all cozied up, with some hot chocolate, and you will not be disappointed."
,Recommended,420530,29868448,Posted: 12 February,all,Zobs,"Short and sweet. Captivating story telling, out of the box thinking. Challenging and rewarding. Highly recommend."
,Recommended,420530,29640530,Posted: 1 February,all,Sir Hippolord,"Not seeing too many warnings of this so I'll drop one here: you can only play this game once. Without spoiling anything, after the game is completed you will never be able to access it again on your account. That said the game is fantastic and definitely worth the money, but I feel that's an important point to raise."
,Recommended,420530,31029475,Posted: 8 April,all,zell the insomniac,Just play it.
76561198255146192,Recommended,420530,29679795,Posted: 3 February,all,Baaby Blue,Short but incredible. Some meta stuff slightly weirds me out but I love it and it was so well done. Gonna play it again soon.
,Recommended,420530,29709166,Posted: 4 February,all,ggrey :/,"I absolutely adore this game! For the price point, I think it is absolutely worth it and I cannot recommend it enough. That is, if you are into this sort of thing. I'll break it down a bit without spoiling much, but I will say that if you are planning on playing this game, you are best going in completely blind like I was. So I recommend against reading reviews. Anyways, here's what I thought:Story: I thoroughly enjoyed the story of this game. Without spoiling too much, the game does an effective job at placing the player into the game essentially as a character separate from the main character Niko. I think it made the game a lot more fun, and I had not seen anything like it before. It also does a good job at ""breaking the fourth wall"". Again, I don't want to spoil too much, but I will say that it reminded me a lot of Undertale and how Flowey would change the game. OneShot did it a lot more and a lot better in my opinion. And the ending of the game takes the cake, and really left me thinking about this game for a while afterwards, to the point that I had to pick it up again and go for a second playthrough.Characters: I love the characters in this game. They are just so adorable, and the game does a good job at making you sympathize with them. The character design is one of my favorite aspects of this game. While there cannot be fully fleshed out characters in a game as short as OneShot, I felt that the amount of information given about each characters was perfect to get an idea about the kind of characters you are dealing with.Sound: The soundtrack of OneShot is *good*. It is not masterful in my opinion, but it is enough to get you through the game and perhaps even look up a few of the tracks afterwards. I have no complaints here, but I personally did not purchase the OST.Gameplay/Style/Art: I think this is one of the only games that I've ever completed in this sort of top-down RPG style. The only other game I can think of is Undertale, and the two games felt very similar to me. So I am not usually a huge fan of the genre, but this game is definitely an exception and has lead me to look for other games with a similar type of style. On that note, I love the puzzles that this game has. They are challenging enough to be fun to figure out without being frustrating and without being so easy that the game is boring. As for the art, I think the character sprites are fun and they fit with the colors and landscapes of the rest of the game. Everything is well drawn, so there is no complaints here.Overall Enjoyment: This is a game I enjoyed greatly. If I had to rate it from 1 to 10, I would give it a 10. It was relatively short but it kept me interested the entire time that I played it. In fact, it was really hard to put down, and I found myself staying up late to try to find out what happens next to Niko. And that ending, it really made me think about the game for about a week after I had completed it. And the second playthrough was almost even better than the first playthrough, for reasons that I won't spoil. I HIGHLY recommend this game, and am excited to see what happens with on the 2017 spring equinox when there will supposedly be an update."
76561198264672013,Recommended,420530,30975358,Posted: 6 April,all,Pleb,ggteinouttatein72/67
76561198055451423,Recommended,420530,30979276,Posted: 6 April,all,gnomaz15,It's one of a kind. Will always have a place in my heart this game.
,Recommended,420530,28498040,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Y'all'd've,One of the few games I've played in a while where I absolutely fell in love with the min character. All decisions felt impactful.
,Recommended,420530,28584525,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Spencer Key,"Worth every penny. Fun puzzles, characters, and environments. Great music. OneShot utilizes the fact that it's a PC game to do some very interesting things. You have to think outside the box. Please don't look up anything about thing game. Don't spoil it.I wish the game had a map though. Some places are like mazes. It can be easy to get lost."
76561198353600539,Recommended,420530,30967542,Posted: 5 April,all,kadenstewart123,play it no matter how much it devistates you play it... it even helps you get over it
76561198361669777,Recommended,420530,30909871,Posted: 2 April,all,FireBorneHusky,Very fun if you like game where you get explore and have puzzels.
,Recommended,420530,30967869,Posted: 5 April,all,Gl1ttertits,"Didn't really know much about this game when I bought it, I thought it looked interesting and that the style of it was cute. I bought 3 other games at the same time as this and I haven't touched them since. I am obsessed with this game from everything from the music to the NPC interacting with each other and Niko. It is just the thing I was looking for and I am so glad I took a chance on it, you never know what you are going to get these days when the trailer is as vague as this one.The puzzles are very clever and MAKE SURE YOU TRY TO PICK EVERYTHING UP, you never know what kind of weird things you can make that will help you out.15/10 would recommend."
,Recommended,420530,28734379,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,The Multikip,"TL;DR You need to buy this gameThe Actual Review: Slight Spoilers aheadThis game is fantastic. You start in a small house, controlling someone named Niko. How they got there, nobody knows. However, this game rapidly shows that it is aware. Not just aware of itself, but you. The game gets meta rapidly.This game has many puzzles, which are really a brain teaser. You have to interact with and explore the world to solve its problems and puzzles, and to learn more about Niko. If you enjoy anything with puzzles, exploration or deep story, buy this game. It's worth every cent."
76561198066776622,Recommended,420530,32018897,Posted: 28 May,all,#FeelIsek,"[might be a bit spoiler-y]I could write how good this game is, with beautiful soundtracks,  simplistic-yet-expressive visuals,  classic puzzle-exploration `RPG maker` gameplay,  etc,  but I think a lot of other reviews already covered that.Instead I'd like to quote something from 'Little Prince',  which,  retrospectively,  make me feel this...  story hit me harder.-------------------.... ""To establish ties?""""Just that,"" said the fox. ""To me, you are still nothing more than a little boy who is just like a hundred thousand other little boys. And I have no need of you. And you, on your part, have no need of me. To you I am nothing more than a fox like a hundred thousand other foxes. But if you tame me, then we shall need each other. To me, you will be unique in all the world. To you, I shall be unique in all the world...."
76561198086324511,Recommended,420530,31162586,Posted: 15 April,all,Toyman,yes i recommend this game it is:-fun-weird puzzles-nice story-really nice character development-really beautiful drawingsnegative:-NOTHING
,Recommended,420530,31050032,Posted: 9 April,all,KingRex,The ending was the toughest decision I've even made. Having that sort of power is two much 10/10 would panic again
,Recommended,420530,31050142,Posted: 9 April,all,lolanu,*uncontrollable sobbing*
,Recommended,420530,31105122,Posted: 12 April,all,Harkov Andreyevitch,"Do your childhood a favor, and buy this awesome piece of art ""WITHOUT WATCHING VIDEOS OR GETTING ANY INFORMATION"""
76561198084359238,Recommended,420530,31109034,Posted: 12 April,all,Niceboy,"I absolutely love games like these, the ones that toy with your emotions, break the fourth wall, just like Undertale"
,Recommended,420530,31105831,Posted: 12 April,all,HARDER DADDY,BEST GAME EVER
,Recommended,420530,31107344,Posted: 12 April,all,Flankroast,This game had a perfect vibe and with music to match. With puzzles just the right difficulty and beautiful art. This will provide hours of fun and you'll bond with the characters.10/10
76561198282756816,Recommended,420530,31106012,Posted: 12 April,all,-alpha<>jingo-,"I usually dont leave reviews for games, but I dont think I've ever seen anything quite like this...ever..... This is a truely outstanding game.  The characters are charming and I am also a fan of the 8 bit style.. But the story... I'll leave that to you. I would recommend this to anyone, gamer or not. 10 out of 10 all the way!!!!"
,Recommended,420530,31100741,Posted: 12 April,all,ChupaLupa Trading Knife,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥.. I dont know where to begin... This game is amazing!!!! i started watchign this online and stopped casue i knew id like this game, but i was never ready for such an experience... This is the only game i have ever truly wanted to cry playing adn jsut so much ughhhhh..GOODBYE NIKO!!!!!!!!!!! ILL MISS YOU Q_Q"
76561198177688643,Recommended,420530,31100752,Posted: 12 April,all,CitizenZ,Best game good plot line best sound track I loved it
76561198054995686,Recommended,420530,31103496,Posted: 12 April,all,miu,"This game is one of the best I've ever played in my life. Weaving plots and complex storyline, accompanied with excellent music and cute illustrations. I haven't found myself this immersed in a game's story in a long time.It's very easy to establish a emotional connection with the main protaganist, Niko, and it affected me emotionally throughout the whole gameplay. The darkness, the feeling of hopelessness is carefully crafted and I think the game represented itself nicely.The game mechanics are very innovative, because it stretches out to parts which other games with similar concepts wouldn't even touch."
,Recommended,420530,31100299,Posted: 12 April,all,eluckyluke,"This game is just... wow ,what an experience.I recommend this game very much."
,Recommended,420530,31097935,Posted: 12 April,all,Amateus,"This game is very awesome, and I would  definately recommend you play. Also note as a warning: if you play through the steam link(or similar device) you will have to get up every once in a while. No big deal though, and definately not game breaking.One more thing though: a lot of people are comparing this game to undertale and some people are are saying oneshot is better. I disagree. By a very long shot. But... that's my opinion."
76561197971861210,Recommended,420530,31096079,Posted: 12 April,all,Nudelsuppe,"In a Post-Undertale world, it's become hard to follow up with a game full of self-referential meta game mechanics. You will always be compared to the best/most popular genre representative, which is Undertale. But I won't do that, cause fu** the system...this game has cute graphics, nice relaxing tunes and easy/medium puzzling. Also, expect quite a bit of dialogue reading. Try not to compare it to other games and you will probably enjoy it with great determ......delight.P.S. Would like a sequel with Niko's cousin running a bowling business."
,Recommended,420530,31096654,Posted: 12 April,all,Sir Sandvich,ดีงาม
76561198335499030,Recommended,420530,31100393,Posted: 12 April,all,foxmaniayt,"OH MY JEEBUSThis game is so freaking good, the charactors, plot, everything, its just amazing. i would pay $60 for this because its that good plus it has free dlc"
,Recommended,420530,31109508,Posted: 12 April,all,Hynra,when youre the god in a game you know its good
76561198182993822,Recommended,420530,31310064,Posted: 22 April,all,OnceUponAKait,9.5 hours of me trying to figure out how to get the true ending.
76561198044948156,Recommended,420530,31228661,Posted: 18 April,all,Wolffang719,"I didn't think this game could pull anymore heartstrings or get any more meta.Then I figured out it could and it would. (potential spoilers ahead) I bought this game after seeing it being played by a few youtubers and friends and I thought for its price Imight as well buy it, I never expected the game tobe so emotinal in such a strange an uniqe way; I have never cared more about a video game character more than Niko, I know some people who say things like 'This game is the next UNDERTALE', while I don't really agree with that since I feel the two games belong in different catagories though if you liked that you very well might like Oneshot... its funny though; Oneshot isn't really the right title when you dig deep enough and find the right path, but thats all I have to say."
,Recommended,420530,31332643,Posted: 23 April,all,Miroal,If you play it near midnight and than decide to save the game you will eel like actually sleeping.
,Recommended,420530,31313169,Posted: 22 April,all,Recino,"Tears. Tears rolling down my freaking face.Beautiful. Well made, well told.Would i recommend this? Twice, in a heartbeat.This may sound preposterous, maybe a bit unfair even, but this is everything I thought Undertale would be / hoped it would be, but this game executed it far better.Worth every penny."
76561198380450830,Recommended,420530,31337292,Posted: 24 April,all,misslaughter2003,I loved this game. Also I hate doing these.
,Recommended,420530,31331730,Posted: 23 April,all,Bellaire26,"This is now my all time favorite game. The thing about this game that separates it from others is that it gives you a part to play in the story. Literally. You are ""god"" of the world and you guide Niko through it. The True Ending made me cry like a baby and I highly recommend this game to anyone who loves a good story. OneShot is phenomenal, and it will always hold a special place in my heart."
,Recommended,420530,31329856,Posted: 23 April,all,banana,this game give me feels like no otherplease send boxes of tissues
76561198065801782,Recommended,420530,32264836,Posted: 8 June,all,Onryou236,"Well, here I am. After all this time, I finally found a moment where it just felt natural for me to finish the Solstice update. I'll try to keep this as spoiler-free as possible.For those that just want the cut and dry breakdown of what the game is on a core gameplay standpoint, OneShot is a puzzle game with some very strong meta elements... And by that, not only am I referring to what others have already said about having to solve some puzzlesoutsideof it, but the meta aspects also respect the player in a way that is rarely achieved.I can't call the following a review in any way, shape, or form... more like me gushing my heart out over an aspect of my life that this game has touched me in. OneShot wasn't just beautiful, but very much something I've needed for these recent years... not that where I am right now is anything truly bad, no, but... I guess you could say that I have lost my sense of direction for quite a few years now.Then, more recently, due to me actually getting a tiny bit involved with some communities, I've made a handful of some really great online friends (along with some gaming buds, but... I digress).A few... actually look up to me for whatever reason. I don't quite understand it myself. I don't see myself as particularly smart, knowledgeable or talented. Nor would I consider myself any form of a good role model.Nonetheless, these few look up to me; whether that's viewing my opinion as rational when I'm just simply stating how I see things, or even outright coming to me because they want my view on something (sometimes with actual risk of consequences if they follow through with what I say).The faith these few have in me is both stressful and reassuring. On one hand, I worry a lot. The worries I experience can range from the petty idea on my part that they'll finally see me for how I see myself(that is, a worthless piece of trash)to worrying about the other person's well being. regardless whether I'm responsible or not.On the other hand, I can't say for certain, but this faith that's put into this vague idea of what they see me as has probably been tested for at least a few among these few. If some can still trust in me after learning of some of my imperfections, then I should trust their judgement in turn. That's what friends are for, right?But perhaps what actually warms my heart more than that is when I start to see one of these friends that's been looking up to me take a turn for the better; especially if they themselves can suddenly set a good example or have found their own direction. Some are/were in not-so-nice spots in life. Whether it only requires basic level kindness, playing devil's advocate, a tinge of realism, simply shooting the breeze, them figuring it out for themselves or any combination of these five things, there's just something about slowly seeing someone's state of mind improve while interacting with them.... Oh. Right. Sowhyis this all relevant to OneShot, one might ask? To put it bluntly, while not everyone may experience what I just described, the relation between the player and Niko is sort of like this. For someone like me, it hit me in soft spots that I probably would have never had if I wasn't already experiencing something similar. Combined with the overall feeling of aesthetic and setting, the artstyle, the ambient music, the meta aspects, and some of the dialogue, it created an experience that I hold very much close to my heart.As for recommendation... even if one hasn't been in an awkward spot such as the one I described myself in, I'd still recommend if one is looking for a puzzle game with well executed meta aspects."
,Recommended,420530,32244908,Posted: 7 June,all,SuaBy,"OneShot is a great game that takes about 5 hours to finish, and then leaves you with a wish to come back.The characters and story are so good it makes you care in no time, and the way the game breaks the 4th wall is just amazing. Keep up the good work. I'm also hoping for another bonus chapter...Characters - 9/10Story - 10/104th wall breaks - 10/10Game - 10/10I recommend this game for everyone. I mean it, everyone."
76561198158426663,Recommended,420530,32331845,Posted: 10 June,all,Mr_Meowmerz,Such an amazing game that words cannot describe. You just have to experience it yourself.
76561198279442747,Recommended,420530,32331661,Posted: 10 June,all,Machu,"This game is about 10 times as ""aware"" as Undertale, the music is fantastic, the colors and sprites look great, yada yada yada...It's an amazing game."
76561198047541553,Recommended,420530,32333237,Posted: 10 June,all,mysimpletoon,"Woah.First off, despite what some people say, this is NOT anything like undertale. Literally can't say anything without spoiling it. I was skeptical about this game, but wowie, what a heart-wrenching game.Get this game- its a MUST BUY."
,Recommended,420530,32360209,Posted: 12 June,all,Hyojin,"If you like games that gets you attached to a character, this game is for you.OneShot isn't just one of your regular RPG Maker games that are sometimes a mess.Niko, the main protagonist will depend on your choices on what to do.Niko is genderless so you can call her whatever you want SJWs.You have conversations with her too and this where your relationship with this game character.And no, not conversations which involves dating and stuff. God damn it she's a child you pedophile.Oh boy it is one of those good multiple ending games that makes you cry.I don't know how to end this review so I'll just put a one liner here.""Living on Earth is expensive, but it does include a free trip around the sun."""
,Recommended,420530,32230148,Posted: 6 June,all,Galaxy Eyes,I'm just here to give my thumbs up. It's a really good game!Maybe I'll write a proper review later.
,Recommended,420530,32247490,Posted: 7 June,all,KayCascade,"I absolutely adore this game, the animation is beautiful, the story is beautiful, I got so attached to the characters.Solstice is a extremely beautiful expansion to the game that allows for perfect closure.It is a emotional and extremely well made game.10/10 would recommend"
,Recommended,420530,32261181,Posted: 7 June,all,OddCopy,I'm not crying... YOU'RE crying!
,Recommended,420530,32263361,Posted: 8 June,all,ShadowsEchoes,"An amazing adventure, I won't describe anything so as to not ruin it.Play this game, for the love of god."
76561198123204127,Recommended,420530,32260026,Posted: 7 June,all,ritz,"There's only about one or two games that have actually made me cry.This game gets the honor of being added to that list.OneShot does an amazing job of really making you feel like you're a part of the game. I won't explain how because nearly every way it does it is a spoiler, sadly.Please buy the game. Please."
76561198031335046,Recommended,420530,32625974,Posted: 21 June,all,Psychaotic,"Drop what you're doing and get this game.OneShot is short, but best experienced with some breaks. It has very unique mechanics. It has a beautiful soundtrack. It has gorgeous visuals. It will make you feel.Telling you any more would lessen the experience. Just play the game."
76561198241440766,Recommended,420530,31223149,Posted: 18 April,all,RebeliousGamerz,"This game is awesome!I was introduced to this game through Markiplier's playthrough and I watched him for while until I decided to get the game myself. OOHHHHHH IT WAS WORTH IT!!!The two bitter-sweet endings of the game, the constant fourth-wall breaks make it non-existant, and the out of the box puzzles this game offers will make you scratch your head. If you can figure out how to replay the game then JUST DO IT. It offers a drastically different story if you do, offers being the operative word.All in all I think it is a great game, that is my opinion. Some people will love it, some will hate it."
,Recommended,420530,32631060,Posted: 21 June,all,nekk,see you later cat child
76561198178987381,Recommended,420530,32648100,Posted: 22 June,all,<FindiaDragon>,"I just finished the solstice run, every euro that I gave to this game was worth a shot, graphics were amazing, storyline was actually pretty well drawn. I can't believe that I actually cried a little at the end (usually never cries) but this was just filled with emotions, every character with unique personality and the wonderful mechanics that are hard to find in other games.  And I highly recommend this game to everyone, no matter what age they are."
,Recommended,420530,32645534,Posted: 22 June,all,River in a Dry Land,"Minor spoilers!When first launching up I was afraid the game might handle the 4th wall breaks bad - it didn'tCharming story, great puzzles, me taking the time to write a review, this is the second best game I played in 2017 - only second to Persona 5, go fetch this."
,Recommended,420530,32663135,Posted: 22 June,all,BASH CAT,"It made me really uncomfortable whenthey used my actual name in the game multiple timeshahaAwesome game though, it's like an improved Undertale. It also obliterated the fourth wall. I like that."
,Recommended,420530,32371251,Posted: 12 June,all,ＣＨＲＹＳＳＩ,it amazin. play it.
,Recommended,420530,32795620,Posted: 25 June,all,LETMEWUYOU,"This game is probably the best game I've played in recent times. The characters, setting, soundtrack is just absolutely mindblowing. Out of all the games I bought for the Summer Sale, I was most excited to play this game and MAN I would have totally paid way more than full price if I knew the experience it would take me on. I finished it in a day essentially (including the special Solstice replay) and I'm still in awe. Niko will forever be in my heart."
,Recommended,420530,32773423,Posted: 25 June,all,MrWaffles,"Where do I start,This game is fricking amazing! From the music to the characters to the conection you feel with this world. I can't say anything bad about it because it did not have any bad things. Really just buy the game and expierence it for yourself because if you don't you are definitly missing out on this amazing game!Pros:-Great story-Awsome soundtrack-Really fun and mindblowing puzzles-An awsome conection between player and charactercons:-There are no cons, really just believe me on this one"
76561198347195294,Recommended,420530,32807472,Posted: 26 June,all,♡ Sarah ♡,"I really enjoyed it. Niko is a lovable and cute character, which makes the ending even more sad. I also personally really liked the art style. I would say it's definitely worth buying and I would recommend it. ♥ 10/10"
76561198083398948,Recommended,420530,32721255,Posted: 24 June,all,Yasahiro x,Highly enjoyable with multiple satisfying endings.Wish that we could change the size of the windowed mode though.Two thumbs up for the story and amazing writing
,Recommended,420530,32712485,Posted: 23 June,all,Broke Boy CSLottos,Honestly I think One Shot is my #1 Favorite Game
76561198073189028,Recommended,420530,32670791,Posted: 23 June,all,Skue,"I will simply say that this game is one i definitely enjoyed and is well worth the time and money to play. It offers a rather simplistic looking game combined with a unexepectedly immersive experience.  say, you should... give it a shot. heh."
,Recommended,420530,32697856,Posted: 23 June,all,ShiryaW,"This game man...... This game. There are no words to describe this game. I can't help but compare it to Undertale, and I'm not sure whether the devs were at all inspired by Undertale, but for what it's worth I have to say that OneShot takes the unique gameplay aspects of Undertale and takes them one step further. The immersion is rock solid my dudes. I actually had to straight up play through the whole thing in one sitting. I don't think there's any other way to play.Remember, you only get one shot."
,Recommended,420530,28885553,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,[XRC] [CG] The Undecided Gamer,"OneShot is an ok game in my opinon. It does nothing wrong, but at the same time feels like it dosen't ""push"" much. I feel this is mainly due to the immensely short runinning time of the game. I feel like just as I was getting into the story of one place, I get wisked away to the next location. What is there is great, but it's just to little for my liking to get into the game all that much. However, if you don't care about games being short then I can see you getting a day's worth of fun out of this. Just wait until it goes WAY down in price, as 9.99 (or the 8.99 I got it at) is far, FAR to much for this game. If it ever goes to  ≤ $4 then I'll say it's worth it."
,Recommended,420530,32705930,Posted: 23 June,all,ZombieBear,"This has to be one of the most unique and intresting games i have ever played. The level of cleverness and imagination that went into this 10 dollar ( I got iit for 6.59) game  is staggering.do yourself a favour and play this godamn game, you will not regert it."
,Recommended,420530,32744786,Posted: 24 June,all,Astridkw,"The story, game mechanics and puzzles were all great and interesting. I finished the game in one day because i simply could not put it down. But there is one thing that really sucked (I will keep it a bit vague to avoid spoilers) one of the last puzzles did not function correctly, after trying for about 1/2-1 hour to get it to work I ended up using a walkthrough, still don't understand why it didn't work. Despite of this I still think anyone who likes story rich games and puzzles should play the game."
,Recommended,420530,32747691,Posted: 24 June,all,can i get uuuuuh,"Really beautiful and just overall good game. It quenched my Undertale thirst, while also bringing new things to the table. I enjoyed it."
,Recommended,420530,32748367,Posted: 24 June,all,Dankrushen,"This game is beautiful. The only real problems I had were it not giving too great of a tutorial, if it can be said that it really has any at all (I couldn't figure out how to use items) and how sometimes I wouldn't have a single clue about what to do and I would get stuck at multiple parts in the game, so I used a walkthrough for times like that. Otherwise, it's a great game and it does a great job at making you feel like a part of the game and really lets you connect with the main character."
,Recommended,420530,32752004,Posted: 24 June,all,tart,"Doesn't matter what any of the reviews say, except if you're interested in character development and/or (if) you're curious about the brief vague summary of the concept of the itself from its description, get it."
76561198130594839,Recommended,420530,32753434,Posted: 24 June,all,IHAHLTL,♥♥♥♥ing great game
,Recommended,420530,32750306,Posted: 24 June,all,Clenched_Cheekz,Not recommendedTough decision simulator.
,Recommended,420530,32796827,Posted: 25 June,all,Pleb.exe,"Where do I start?OneShot was able to bring lovable characters, story and intuitive gameplay to the table. Niko, a boy dressed as a cat, is a lovable character, and personally my favorite. But the other peopleand robotswere characters I understood. I knew why some of them felt a certain way. The reason Niko is my favorite however, is because he has a desire to know more.The gameplay is fantastic, and while I got stuck a few times, I always was able to find my way. This game breaks the fourth wall better than Deadpool does, let's leave it at that.The soundtrack is amazing, and one I bought while in the middle of playing the game. Beautiful, put simply.I laughed, and I will not lie, I cried playing this game. Please buy it, if you are thinking of doing so. It's a masterpiece of a game, and the best indie game I have played through."
76561198093316637,Recommended,420530,32704448,Posted: 23 June,all,uzuka,i love niko and i want to give him pancakes and a hug
,Recommended,420530,31303032,Posted: 22 April,all,FRINDELL,"I can't say too much without kind of ruining the game, so I'll just say this: It's amazing, and really cheap. Give it a try, and you most likely won't be disappointed."
76561198140433122,Recommended,420530,32892212,Posted: 27 June,all,TheLazyBot,"This game is wonderful. The story was incredible, the characters were completely indiscernible from real people, and had incredible (and sometimes ingenious) mechanics. This game exceeded every expectation, and just completely broke others. This game made me get invested in the characters far faster than any other game. It was an emotional rollercoaster. It is often compared to Undertale, but for anyone thinking of playing, just approach it as a completely seperate entity. Buy this game. Don't look up anything. Hell I haven't even seen the trailer. Keep yourself in the dark as much as possible so this game can light up your world."
,Recommended,420530,32904888,Posted: 27 June,all,Mr.FancySocks,This is a good 4th wall breaking game with some noice story and a good ending :D
76561198182564423,Recommended,420530,31759633,Posted: 14 May,all,sammyocb,"It's really fun and a like it a bit better than Undertale, it's kind of a shame that this game doesn't get much spotlight outside of steam"
76561198071297678,Recommended,420530,32845298,Posted: 27 June,all,postulate93,"I legit cried. It was not some cheap tears from one's heart but the true tears from seeing the limitation of any finite forms. It was so sad that the game had to end.Without a doubt, this is the best game ever. Goodbye Niko."
,Recommended,420530,32832563,Posted: 26 June,all,[ CJP ],"Really a great game! It really got me in the feels and I lyteraly can't hold my tears, eventhough I'm trying to. I been through the whole story and Imiss Niko since he left."
,Recommended,420530,32829825,Posted: 26 June,all,Kibbeh,"A very clever game that utilizes the fact that it's on a computer quite well. It's got a unique and atmospheric vibe to it, though game length is on the short side.A great game if you're interested in story and originality in games. If you're looking for an action-packed experience with super-ultra-difficult puzzles, though, this might not be your cup of tea.I recommend it."
76561198026845073,Recommended,420530,32857676,Posted: 27 June,all,Muss,I can replay this game without feeling like I need to cry
,Recommended,420530,32819190,Posted: 26 June,all,⅞,"Despite the relatively short playthrough time (About 8 hours) it definitely worths your Steam fundsI really thought that a story won't be able to scratch me for a while, well, luckily I was wrong.Pros+ Stunning environment+ A feel like you're REALLY part of the game+ Has funny lines, but the game will really pull you through harsh circumstances along with Niko+ Satisfying ending, if you care about everyone+ Well made story, if you are eager enough you can even foresee a few events+ Creative puzzles, solving them will really feel rewarding+ Well fit background music for the different areas+ Unused programming miracles throughout the game, used for breaking the well known 4th wallCons- The game can rarely give you puzzles where you will get almost zero information- After leaving game areas, they might completely unreachable (bad if you are interested in something and want to check it later, but understandable)- There isn't enough time to get to know many of the side-characters betterOne important note : If you ever get stuck, try to figure your way, there can be experience ruining spoilers in guides.If you came this far and still hesitating about buying this game, trust me, buy it, you won't regret it."
76561198272399895,Recommended,420530,32895162,Posted: 27 June,all,The_Possesed_Frog,"This is one of the best games I have played in a long time. It has a great story, a good sense of humor, and a unique gameplay style. The characters are fantastic, and you can't stop yourself from growing attached to them. The world is beautiful and is so much fun to explore. I love how the out-of-window game play mechanics are intigrated and don't feel like a forced, half-hearted gimmick. Overall I give this game a 15 out of 10. May your sun always shine and your pancakes be fluffy!(P.S: Bonus points for flattery, you litteraly made me God!)"
76561198045651378,Recommended,420530,32882055,Posted: 27 June,all,Cap'n Walrus,"I bought the soundtrack, but the feels are so strong that i can't listen to it."
76561198310247440,Recommended,420530,32914665,Posted: 27 June,all,Po1ntD3xt3r,"OneShot is a game that some may enjoy, and some may not.  The music is tame yet fills the mood in certian areas. The world is filled with interesting characters that make the game more lively. But this game overall is amazing and should at least be given a try."
,Recommended,420530,32922772,Posted: 28 June,all,Shannie <3,"This game was AMAZING! Very clever design, a simple but powerful story and a beautiful soundtrack. I was literally in tears when it ended. If you liked the design and story of undertale but not the combat, this game is for you."
76561198083804510,Recommended,420530,32919127,Posted: 28 June,all,Sky the Cat,"Never has a video game been able to invoke such emotion in me: Starbound came close, Ori hit the border, OneShot  went the mile and back. Beautiful game, lovable characters, memorable story, give it a play. You won't regret it. 1000/10; would spend an hour and a half trying to make a 2 choice decision again"
,Recommended,420530,32916017,Posted: 27 June,all,Lazza17,I honestly don't know what to say about this game that wouldn't spoil the incredible experience that it has to offer. Play the game and you will understand what I mean.
,Recommended,420530,32898629,Posted: 27 June,all,Iraq Lobster,"This game is amazing, making you look outside the game for clues, codes and other things. Giving a sense of discovery and mystery. I think this game is amazing! It's really good and whoever worked on this game they all did an amazing job, I hope I see something like this in the future but for now........We feast on pancakes!"
76561198318080858,Recommended,420530,32900098,Posted: 27 June,all,PurpleGhostlyWolf,This Is one of the best games I have ever played!! (I highly recomend it!)I Will Miss you Niko!
,Recommended,420530,32929442,Posted: 28 June,all,Bluellama,This game has some very interesting ideas and concepts that I've maybe came across once or twice before.
76561198067488075,Recommended,420530,33046248,Posted: 30 June,all,Custard's Ire,I got far too emotionally invested in this game.I recommend playing it in windowed mode! It's a bit small but you'll understand why once you play it.
,Recommended,420530,31206243,Posted: 17 April,all,Starblaze,"Reminds me of Undertale. Interesting meta experience, great purchase but short playtime."
76561197998178631,Recommended,420530,30337732,Posted: 5 March,all,AtOnYcK,"OneShot... the game that really does allow you to play it only once. No safe files, no do-overs, no time for regrets.I was looking for a similar game as Undertale, and people suggested this. However, I do not think it is fair to compare the two. Undertale is bigger in every way: playhours, map areas, amount of characters, more elaborate background stories, humor and soundtrack. OneShot is created by far less people in far less time, mind you. I would also say that OneShot has a more grim atmosphere.Either way, I guarantee you that this gamewillstick with you for a very long time. Take a gamble and experience the game for yourself, instead of watching a let's play.Pro's:- Even after a short period of time you will feel responsible for little Niko and the mysterious world you get to explore together.- MUCH META, including a whole new way of interacting with the game (which you should definitely play in windowed mode, trust me).- Interesting story and characters, engaging dialogue.Cons:- Some puzzles can getreallyfrustrating. And you can't progress the story before you deal with them.- It isn't always clear what you need to do with certain items, where you need to go and in what order you need to execute things.- One could argue that 10 euro's for a 7 hour game is a bit overpriced. But since this was such a beautiful and mindblowing experience, I think it's worth every cent."
76561198078792216,Recommended,420530,31205882,Posted: 17 April,all,jackill,"First of all: wow, such game, much story, nice doge.Second of all: if you like undertale, buy it; if you like indie games with low appeal but big meaning, buy it; if you want to spend some good time and money, buy it.At the end this game will not be remembered (trust me) only as a game by you, but a tiny pearl that stole a little part of you,of your brain and of your heart."
,Recommended,420530,29790836,Posted: 8 February,all,Sir Narwhalian,10/10 just enough pancakes.
,Recommended,420530,30344187,Posted: 5 March,all,Some Weeb,"Oh my god, this game is an amazing experience. Dont look up any hints, figure it out yourself and enjoy the journey."
,Recommended,420530,30341625,Posted: 5 March,all,Snapdragon,"I don't even know where to begin, OneShot is an amazing game. Think Undertale, but without the bad community and a likeable protaginist. This game is severaly underrated, play this now!"
76561198186058729,Recommended,420530,31190948,Posted: 16 April,all,Chunky Milk,THE FEELSTHEY HURT
,Recommended,420530,30347581,Posted: 5 March,all,TacoRabbit,10/10wouldplay again xD
,Recommended,420530,30307192,Posted: 3 March,all,Clockmaker,"Cute art, charming characters, well-written dialogue and an extremely comfy world with a soundtrack to match make OneShot a must-play in my book. Not enough can be said to its credit. It's an absolutely stellar game that I highly recommend."
76561198354809285,Recommended,420530,31211165,Posted: 17 April,all,georgieisaderp,F*CKING NINJAS ARE CUTTING ONIONS AGAIN! *sobs*
,Recommended,420530,31308416,Posted: 22 April,all,SilentCreeper44,This is one of my new favorite games th every come across. Highly recommend to anyone hard core or casual gamer.
76561198066229013,Recommended,420530,32797002,Posted: 25 June,all,Camileytor2008,"This is one of the most heartwarming and beautiful games I have ever played, the story-telling is top nocht, even if the gameplay or the artstyle is not the best for some people it's truly a gorgeous story that it's worth playing till the very end.I simply loved it."
76561198113398423,Recommended,420530,32793122,Posted: 25 June,all,Minaro,OH MY GOD THIS GAME IS INCREDABLE. IT'S ON SALE RIGHT NOW AND YOU NEED TO GET IT
76561198159572891,Recommended,420530,32771661,Posted: 25 June,all,thehappycorvid,"A nice, simple game that dances with the meta of its own existence and interacts directly with the player in many different ways. Gameplay-wise, it's a point-and-click adventure without the clicking and pointing (in the game window itself, at least) wherein you talk to characters, gather items, and use them on things. While not challenging, the game is meant to be played as an interactive story experience. I had a fair bit of fun playing around in that little world... and I'll just say I hope the kid's happy somewhere and capable of coming back to visit now and then, since I won't be the one to tell you how it ends.8/10 cawahee sheet, had some feelsStory tl;dr: You're worshipped as a god in a world you didn't even know existed until now. Ain't that something? Their sun is a lightbulb and it went out and needs replacing or else everyone's gonna die. Your job (as you can't enter the world yourself) is to guide a sun-carrying Messiah to the top of the world's tower, who in this case is a notcat-kid who, like you, is from another world and clueless about this entire thing. The kid's name is Niko. Since you're ""god"", Niko puts a lot of stock in what you say and faith in what you tell them to do, even if you outright tell them that you live in your own world and have a birthday like anyone else. Talk to people. Solve puzzles. Tolerate some bigger powers at play. You might actually make it to the top of the tower as everyone keeps saying you were meant to. Eventually."
,Recommended,420530,32786734,Posted: 25 June,all,StarShade,"The good:Entertaining and immersive storyLovable charactersGood humorBreaks 4th wall in interesting and effective waysNew Game+ is essentially a completely different storyThe bad:Characters have only a few lines of dialogue, which somewhat breaks the immersion sometimesExploration isn't rewarded as frequently as I'd likeSomewhat short, even with playing through NG+ (8H for me).There isn't anything that can actually harm Niko, so the tension in some scenes is broken.Overall, I'd recommend it if you like games like Undertale, although I think Undertale was more fleshed out."
,Recommended,420530,32746325,Posted: 24 June,all,Mr._,"Ok time for me to write an actual review on this game since I've had time to process this game. I've seen people compare OneShot to Undertale, which is to be honest is actually a pretty reasonable comparison, both games seem to have similar sensibilities. However I do have to say that their execution of their stories are different. OneShot is very self aware,matter in fact that is a major plot point in one of the endingsnot to say that Undertale wasn't self aware, it's just it's just not as much so. This game is also tends to get very meta going so far as directly telling you to look for stuff in the game's files. I've also seen some people complain about the story being predictable, on a normal run through... yes the ending is a bit predictable, but try getting the solstice route your 2nd or 3rd time through and the predictability goes out the window. All in all, it's a great game and I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,420530,32790839,Posted: 25 June,all,BazBake,"First it hacked my computer. Then it hacked my heart. A lovely mind-bender of a game whose puzzles rely heavily on breaking your expectations of the fourth wall, and do so brilliantly.10/10"
,Recommended,420530,32778994,Posted: 25 June,all,Jing Kaymall,f***ing awesome.
76561198163100775,Recommended,420530,32734554,Posted: 24 June,all,artis4real,THERE IS A MASSIVE BUG IN THE GAME!!!!!!!!The inventory lags and fails to come up and glitches out! Please fix ASAP!
76561198084657727,Recommended,420530,33467408,Posted: 11 July,all,Celtic Steel,"I've been gaming since the days of the Commodore 64. I've seen a lot in my time, and I've probably played a good 70% of most websites 'best games of all time' lists (PC anyway).  It'd be hard as hell for me to list my own 'top ten games of all time', but Oneshot would definitely be in there.I don't want to spoil anything about this absolutely gorgeous, amazing, unique, innovative and emotional gameplay experience, but lets just say i've rarely felt so attached to a protagonist in a game before and i've rarely been so immmersed and emotionally invested in a game world, despite the lo fi graphics, relatively simple game play and the lack of any combat mechanics. This game is just top notch in every corner:Suberb world buildingExcellent yet not over the top dialogueSubtle yet incredible lo fi graphics and amazing use of colourdense and emotional atmospherebrilliant and sometimes quite unique storytellingmusic to die forutterly engaging.Almost 'Kojima-esque' shenanigans that break so many boundaries and conventions (you'll know after you play it)I must admit that when i first bought this i was a bit scared that this would turn out to be pretentious indie hipster tripe trying too hard to be clever, but within a few minutes i knew i was safe, and thankfully it never even comes remotely close to that. This game oozes genunie soul and love from its creators which resonates  long after i stop playing. It brings so much joy to my jaded, rusty tin can of a heart that there are such small dev teams out there making such wonderful games.If you wanna make all the hipsters cry salty tears into their dairy-free lattes then let them know the unabashed truth that this is better than Undertale.p.s I went into this spoiler free and without using any gme guides or anything, and i would definitely recommend that as the way to play this."
,Recommended,420530,32259224,Posted: 7 June,all,ThomasTheRiolu,You can ride on a roomba.10/10.
,Recommended,420530,33472251,Posted: 11 July,all,✪ JigglyMane,good♥♥♥♥♥
76561198092157156,Recommended,420530,33436595,Posted: 10 July,all,KotoneSound,"Normally, I don't find an uncontrollable urge to buy a game, but it was in my recommended and I decided ""Why Not?"" Honestly, this game changed my view to a lot of the world. This game is amazing in so many aspects. It gives you the visual, auditory, and even emotional feelings of what the world and Niko is going through. I actually felt like I was part of the game, not just watching a story play out (as much as I do enjoy that as well). There were moments where I did feel truly confused, as my puzzle solving skills were not quite as good as I had hoped, but nontheless, I pulled through and got to experience something I never knew I wanted until now. If you want to feel like the hero and be a part of a game that really makes you feel involved, definitely take the time for this game. Even a slow player like myself who became stuck a few times completed the game in 9 hours. WORTH EVERY PENNY!"
,Recommended,420530,33438893,Posted: 10 July,all,Biscuit,"To any of the skeptical prospective buyers that judge a game based on a few screenshots (whom I can't blame for doing so),I have this to say:I have never had a more cathartic experience than I did with this RPG.This game is blissfully unique in every aspect. Game mechanics are stretched to new limits, sound design enhances atmosphere, dialogue is consistent across every character, and the music is just... otherworldly. If you get this game, you NEED TO PLAY in windowed mode with preferably a black or generally dark backdrop. Don't ask why, and just don't try playing in fullscreen mode.Your expectations of what makes a game are going to be tested and bent, and this game makes you question yourself numerous times. The story unfolds beautifully, and there's no handholding.If you've read this much, then hopefully you're convinced. One final piece of advice for those of you about to make the purchase:don't be afraid to get immersed.You'll be rewarded for doing so.10/10Easy for me to score because I've never seen anything like it"
76561198153823620,Recommended,420530,32051401,Posted: 29 May,all,Muffinacke,"This is one of a few games that made me emotional at the end. The puzzels were very thought provoking, and the design ideas were incredible. This is easily one of my favourite games and I can honestly recommend this game to everyone.The story is just beautiful and helping Niko through this game is a memory you want forget. Definitely worth the money paid."
,Recommended,420530,33457562,Posted: 11 July,all,Kankri Vantas,I cried lol
76561198297879779,Recommended,420530,33460825,Posted: 11 July,all,Beretnoir,"I am not a particularly serious gamer in any regard, but I LOVE this game. The graphics are really cool, the music is amazing, and the storyline is incredibly interesting. I love the way the game interacts with you, as the player, and as the character in the game. I got stuck a couple times, but I blame that mostly on my own ineptitude. Great game!!"
,Recommended,420530,33461074,Posted: 11 July,all,WalkmanSilver,"Do you like puzzle games?Do you like having your mind blown?Do you like feeling like you are part of the storyline?Then buy this, I promise it won't disappoint."
76561198049271328,Recommended,420530,33461651,Posted: 11 July,all,NixasXV,"This game really is a gem. Play it. I recommend it wholeheartedly.I'd like to write a longer review, but I don't want to spoil anything. Just remember, you only have one shot so be sure to make it count.Oh, and get the OST if you like listening to video game soundtracks because it's a good one ^_^"
76561198129950845,Recommended,420530,33425200,Posted: 10 July,all,Few_Lor,"Simple yet deep.Oneshot is a charming puzzle-adventure game with a charming graphic, charming music, and charming character that will leave you craving for more.11/10Highly recommended"
,Recommended,420530,33430073,Posted: 10 July,all,Zante,"Amazing Game with a great, touching Storyline.Puzzles are fun and interesting, especially the meta ones.It's such a great game and you really need to play through it twice to really appreciate it."
76561198150165745,Recommended,420530,33434501,Posted: 10 July,all,umermahmood58,"OneShot is a very charming game with some pretty good music and quirky characters. It also has a bit of a meta narrative that can probably be compared to the likes of The Stanley Parable, Undertale or Pony Island. And while it does get compared to Undertale a lot, personally, I believe it has more in common with Pony Island instead. It certainly has that unique charm and exploration along with a world with several weird but fun characters but unlike Undertale it doesn't have any combat at all and instead relies on puzzle solving with a few of them akin to how Pony Island does it.The puzzles are pretty simple as you'd see in any point and click adventure game, selecting an object, using it with something or combining two other objects. The story starts out pretty simple and certainly takes a much more complex turn later on. It's not very easy to get into without spoiling it. The fourth wall breaking moments are extremely well executed and they end up making a good example of gameplay and story integration, in one way or another.The music is also top notch, it's often calm and serene to often reflect some of the areas in the game and it gets tense and ominous when needed. All in all I'd highly recommend it if you enjoy games that break the fourth wall, have great stories that you can invest yourself in and have great music."
,Recommended,420530,31812987,Posted: 17 May,all,waffle,"Everyone should play this. This is my new favorite game. I still can't get over how good it is. I just wish it was longer, because Niko is a really cute character and the world really interesting. The story is excellent, there is no fourth wall, and the music is phenomenal like everything else about this game. Have I mentioned I love this game? It's good."
,Recommended,420530,30864502,Posted: 31 March,all,Vosim,"I have absolutely no words for this amazing, beautiful encaptivating game.It leaves me speechless.You will understand once you play this game.It is worth the money.It can break your heart multiple timesIt can make you laugh, like, really hard. (""WHO TOOK MY STAPLER!?"")And it will make you adore the characters."
,Recommended,420530,31905146,Posted: 22 May,all,English,"This game is beatiful. the first and probably the last game to make me actually cry.it's short, but the mechanics are amazing and it does some things you'd never expect a game to do, or even thought a game could do."
76561197962403134,Recommended,420530,31904768,Posted: 22 May,all,The Joshua Tree,"OneShot is a great game overall. It’s a lovely, surprisingly captivating experience that does more than enough to overcome its shortcomings.https://tiny-spaceship.com/2017/05/22/oneshot/"
,Recommended,420530,31911991,Posted: 22 May,all,Raptor788,"I played through this game from my brother's shared library. I still bought the soundtrack edition even when I knew I probably wouldn't ever play it again, for the sake of spending money on it and writing this review.There's not much I can say about the game without spoiling. All I can say is that this was an experience I'll treasure forever, and that it's going to stick with me for a while. This game managed to impact me in a way no other game had done before, with one notable exception. Even then, this is something else entirely.In short... you're just going to have to take my word for it. Play this game yourself."
,Recommended,420530,28311211,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Foxy @ NAGLAN,Truly an amazing experience that deserves more love. Earns a solid recommendation.
76561198220246044,Recommended,420530,31526686,Posted: 3 May,all,ThinksinPortals,Fantastic! Ingenious puzzles that really draw you into the story. Wonderful storytelling with real consequences that break your heart in the best possible way.
76561198205710443,Recommended,420530,31534774,Posted: 3 May,all,Victor_Bowman,"First thing I need to say is that this game messes with you.The devs know their game has gained complete control of your emotions.They are not gentle with them.From the beginning it is apparent thjta this game breaks the fourth wall.  Actually, it can't break the fourth wall.  How could it?  How is it possible to break something that does not exist?  You are not playing as Niko.  You are playing as yourself.  The mechanics of this game reach far beyond the game window, with mechanics impossible to find in any other game.  This game will keep you up at night."
,Recommended,420530,31367671,Posted: 25 April,all,Owlite,"Spectacular indie game i discovered recently. Very Atmospheric and surreal, breaks the 4th wall in very creative ways to tell a story and create cool puzzles. Has a main character you can really bond with throughout the course of the game, amazing ambient soundtrack. Definitely worth checking out."
76561197995247336,Recommended,420530,31536118,Posted: 3 May,all,FightMerchant,This game is amazing. Please do yourself a favor and play it.
76561198092788864,Recommended,420530,31539685,Posted: 4 May,all,MineWPJ,"WOW I LOVE THIS GAME!!!It's so originael. Now I wron't spoil anything, but it keeps breaking he 4'th wall through out the game. I'm impressed of all the plottwits.If you like the game called ""Undertale"", then your gonna think this game is GODlike *wink wink* ;)I would recommend this game to anyone. Amazing pixelart. Amazing story and such a good F#!#¤%# soundtrack."
,Recommended,420530,33266090,Posted: 5 July,all,RGeezy911 ☕,"A well told story in such an interesting and depressed world. I do enjoy the breaking of the fourth wall, very nicely done."
,Recommended,420530,33276696,Posted: 5 July,all,Aronai (Arokha),"I stayed up far too late with this game for the past two days! It's not a very long game. I see that my play time was about 8 hours, and I'm the type that maps out areas in my head so that I can make sure I've talked to every NPC and visit every room in every area.Don't let that put you off though, since some of the best games are the short, impactful ones. This game was very moving for me in the short time it took to play through it. It started out with a few unique elements which seemed almost silly or childish but by the end it had more gravitas for me than many 60+ hour CRPGs build up to. I definitely felt very personally invested and involved by the end.I won't even scroll down to the review section to see how many people compare this to Undertale. But, it does remind me of Undertale. In a good way! I'd hazard an estimate that if you liked Undertale, you'd probably like this game too. Maybe that's a generalization, but I think it's a pretty safe one.So, overall. Great game. Definitely worth the price of admission.A few (very) spoilery things I felt ... ways about. You reaaaaally shouldn't read this if you haven't played the game yet. It's best to just experience it. It's not that long, so you won't be waiting too long to find out.It was ... interesting that they opted for the choice between 'Save the World' and 'Save Niko' to have not much information input to think about. I get that your 'mission' is to return Niko home, and Niko's 'mission' is to save the world, but, like, more information about what leads to what would have been nice. As it is, it's aaalmost just a leap of faith choice. I'm fortunate I had a friend that hinted to me what I should probably do there, as I'm told you can't continue the game if you make the 'wrong' choice?I mean, the computer who appears to be stifling you is the one who reminds you of this at the end, so it seems like you SHOULDN'T listen to them? I dunno. The fact that the choice doesn't really hint much about which option leads towards the more satisfying conclusion is kinda meh. Maybe that's just me not picking up on some context or I missed something.It's also pretty nice that after the 'complete' ending, they let you restart the game, complete with an 'anti-Undertale' restart system, where you're told that it's just a recording of events and such rather than actually involving the characters again."
,Recommended,420530,33053355,Posted: 30 June,all,celia,First game in a while that I couldn't put down! I usually am not one for replaying things but I'm really looking forward to going back to this game and getting all the achievements and the other ending!
,Recommended,420530,33011517,Posted: 29 June,all,Aidunlin,"Um, if you are reading this, you should scroll back up and get this freakin' amazing game. Do it."
76561198042077879,Recommended,420530,33012314,Posted: 29 June,all,Spader,Saying nothing about the game other then it is well done.
,Recommended,420530,33215299,Posted: 3 July,all,TehMinja,"too good. idk if it was controller or pc needed a restart, but just use a keyboard"
,Recommended,420530,33299375,Posted: 5 July,all,skyrulean,"Calling OneShot a ""game"" would be giving it such a limited definition. It's not just a game; it's an introspective and intimate experience.You'll fall in love with Niko and the gorgeous pixel art. You'll be surprised by the clever mechanics and storyline. You'll be haunted by the music and heavy decisions you have to make.And most strikingly: you'll be thinking about OneShot long after you've completed it."
76561198092543306,Recommended,420530,33303183,Posted: 6 July,all,BrandMChaos,"Oneshot is one of the very best games i have seen throughout most of the games i have played by far. It takes a small inspiration from Undertale and what it did and turned it into a very interesting story along with a magnificent soundtrack. The player begins to connect with the Niko immedietely and leads up to an ending that will probably emotianally devastate you one way or another. In Undertale, you play as a mute player that seems to serve the purpose of interacting with NPCs brimming with personality. Oneshot takes the extra step with NIko and the environment and adds to the replayability.Good job Little Cat Feet I hope to see more of this type of content in the future"
76561198196566285,Recommended,420530,33312000,Posted: 6 July,all,BeefJerky,"This game was a lot of fun.Great soundtrack, very intriguing puzzles and original story.Definitely one of the best 2d games out there.9/10"
,Recommended,420530,32421535,Posted: 14 June,all,GravitySloth,OneShot is one of the best games I've ever played. An amazing work of art. It utilizes meta storytelling conventions and surprising and novel interactions between the player and the game interface. A wonderful and satisfying game.
,Recommended,420530,33097650,Posted: 1 July,all,ｂｒｕｎｏ。,"short but cute adventure gamemultiple endings, colorful worlds, chill soundtrack.a well executed experiment that i won't dare spoil."
,Recommended,420530,33014790,Posted: 29 June,all,WolfahJDM,"This game is an amazing puzzle adventure, where you explore a world that is crumbling to try and either save it, or destroy it. the puzzles are never too difficult that you cant solve them, and the amount of Meta stuff is just astounding. This is truly a great game."
,Recommended,420530,32908186,Posted: 27 June,all,reikken,"Absolutely amazing. Arguably the most interesting game I have ever played.This is my new favorite game. It's so clever, so immersiveAlso, anyone who has ~5 hours likely didn't play through the Solstice chapter, which, imo, is even better."
76561198157432285,Recommended,420530,33525594,Posted: 13 July,all,RifleKitty,A fun game.But buy it on sale ;)
76561198080748275,Recommended,420530,33525737,Posted: 13 July,all,DeaditePrince160,"This is one of those games where you have to go into it without knowing anything about it, for it to truly have its full effect on you. So I won't go into detail about the amazing and clever gameplay mechanics, or the beautiful and somber story.I'll just say that you should play this game, it's an experience that you won't forget.Also Niko is adorable and I want to hug them"
,Recommended,420530,33565623,Posted: 15 July,all,SleepyyyOne,"This was everything I could have ever hoped for & more. Such an awesome little game, it surprised me in the best ways. The story was incredible and really pulled me in right away. The 4th wall breaks were a little mind boggling and sometimes even a bit spooky. I have 0 bad things to say. It's an awesome, cute, dark, heart-warming, funny, spooky experience and I highly recommend playing it.The art style of the game is amazing as well. OneShot might not be for everyone, but personally i'd go so far as saying that its now one of my favourite pixel art games. It just feels good in my heart that games like this exist - gives me hope."
76561198057399822,Recommended,420530,33569632,Posted: 15 July,all,Patty,This game is fantastic. Play it.
76561198024377087,Recommended,420530,33571480,Posted: 15 July,all,hardcase,"got me ♥♥♥♥ed up with the feels, 11/10 no ♥♥♥♥ing joke. Even bought the soundtrack"
76561198144965482,Recommended,420530,33545655,Posted: 14 July,all,Skylisent,very good very cool very swag very handsome i like it
,Recommended,420530,33552534,Posted: 14 July,all,Worse,"OneShot made me curious, made me smile, and made me think throughout its entire duration. OneShot also made me dive through my computer's hard-drive in a scramble to progress. OneShot finally held my moral compass hostage up until the very end, where I was actually so afraid to finish its journey from the consequences hovering over my back.The genius of OneShot is how deliberately it tries to makes you -not- care about the world. Yet the quaint interactions you share with its denizens, how intricately you witness the environment operating, living and collapsing as you explore it, and the attachment you grow with the wide-eyed, innocent (and so adorable!!) main character as you guide him, constantly unsure of yourself if you're leading him down the right path-- all tie into an incredible bond between reality and the world intended for you to save.OneShot's gameplay is really just a series of scattered puzzles and conversations, and yet both aspects have moments that can suddenly be so unorthodox, so spontaneously clever when they spring out of nothing, that the impacts left upon you drop like a hammer when it's your choice to decide whether every experience was worth it.I could go on about this game's magical, transformative power, but like with Undertale, its emotionally-manipulative cousin that I can draw so many parallels between - and even suggest some ways that OneShot surpasses it - I should leave this review short and say that the positives I told you about are waiting there for you and more.Get this game. Play it once. Remember it forever."
76561198042137524,Recommended,420530,33552216,Posted: 14 July,all,Starschulz / Cypher,"I love it all, and can't stop thinking about it even weeks after finishing it."
76561198396548639,Recommended,420530,33555976,Posted: 15 July,all,Pedo Kun,"Goodbye Niko, i love you."
,Recommended,420530,33555635,Posted: 15 July,all,Mystfit,"An absolutely amazing experience. Cleverly written in such a way that I KNOW it's playing on my heartstrings but I just can't bring myself to not care about this adorable little cat-boy and this amazing world. The puzzles outside of the game are a bit simple at times, but are quite satisfying when you understand the significance.Play it through and don't give up. You'll know when you're done and you'll come out the other side as a better person for it.Thank you Niko, and thank you Little Cat Feet."
,Recommended,420530,33549979,Posted: 14 July,all,boopbeep,I love it. short sentence but its from the bottom of my heart.
,Recommended,420530,33560556,Posted: 15 July,all,spookz,Really beautiful game about a cat and a lightbulb.the main character is really interesting and the game's over all atmosphere is great.Would recommend people play it. Really good gameIt's also really meta.alsoSolstice was really good.
,Recommended,420530,33562108,Posted: 15 July,all,mond007,DEM FEELS MAN
76561198029506960,Recommended,420530,33576412,Posted: 15 July,all,Slice and Rice,"A great story about you, a little cat-person and a computer. It has mechanics that go beyond the game window, and the game makes thoughtful cases about humanity and morality. The game doesn't force you to immerse yourself, and even recognises YOU, as a player, to draw you into it even more.It is a little sad, but perhaps that's why it's so bittersweet. If you have some spare time and $10, I definitely recommend this gem."
76561198289140672,Recommended,420530,33443513,Posted: 10 July,all,[G.E.W.P] president gamer,"While i have not finished the game, this seems like a very fun experience that makes you beg markiplier for answers, the puzzles are enjoyable, and the aspect of being unable to return to places when you forgot something makes this game stay true to it's name. you only get one shotAdvice:don't turn off the game for too long, unlees niko is in bed. I heard that if you leave niko in the void for too long, they'll DIE, killed by the entity."
76561198025582050,Recommended,420530,33448686,Posted: 10 July,all,SunsetSovereign,"I absolutely adore this game!  Throughout my playthrough, I grew more and more attached to the world and the characters. I found myself genuinely worrying for the wellbeing of every character. By the end, I felt so emotional, which doesn't happen often. I think I might be tamed! I could not put this game down. It isn't action-packed, but the story is incredibly rich and the music is so moving. I really enjoyed how unique and clever this game was.If you are looking for a great story that doesn't take a million hours, I HIGHLY recommend OneShot!!"
76561198320739273,Recommended,420530,31994753,Posted: 27 May,all,jammeepler,"One of the most enjoyable things about this game is when it catches people off guard. It feels classic, yet unique. Sweet, yet dark. Beautiful, yet tragic. It is best enjoyed with no knowledge of what is going to happen."
,Recommended,420530,34752779,Posted: 5 September,all,Estrect,It is cool and good
,Recommended,420530,34775911,Posted: 6 September,all,SkREEEE,"Everything about this game is awesome:The story: Words are not gonna do it justice, it's a journey you have to experience on your own. Bask yourself in the story, feel the emotions that it gives, see it through the end (and perhaps cry somewhere in the middle).The atmosphere: How does a game makes me feel calm and dreadful at the same time I don't even knowThe characters: Each of them have a unique personally and I love them all (also, very cool character designs, kudos to the artists)Soundtracks: The music gives off that ""fairy-tale"" kinda vibe, and it fits the game really wellSound fx: All of the tiny details they put in are amazing (e.g. the different sounds of footsteps on different materials)The game mechanic: Classic RPG puzzle and occasionally 4th wall breaking create for a very unique gameplay, of which I enjoy greatlyThe art style: That good ol' pixel art, it still amazes me how much you can express using so littleIt has a room full of puns.I haven't played a good RPG for awhile and man, do I love this game.//im bad at writing words are hard and hi, sorry bad english"
76561198224612576,Recommended,420530,29050635,Posted: 5 January,all,Fourpaws,I rate it 8/10Beautiful artSome-most characters are goodHard choiceJust didn't know what to do for a minute in the game at a specefic point :D
,Recommended,420530,34787508,Posted: 6 September,all,AmyKittee,I wish I could forget this game just so I could experience it again. One of my favourite gaming experiences.
,Recommended,420530,34786600,Posted: 6 September,all,Dani Azakura,"When I first played this game on it's free version it completely blew my mind away.Now it did it again in it's newer version. I strongly suggest that you play it, and avoid all spoilers, please.It's been a while since the game first came out, but it is still worth it!"
,Recommended,420530,34786555,Posted: 6 September,all,Cursed King,10/10
76561198057653505,Recommended,420530,34787298,Posted: 6 September,all,Kell,"Solid, likable characters oozing with charmWorth your time and money."
76561198071324871,Recommended,420530,34789521,Posted: 7 September,all,prosnacks,This game deserves all the praise it gets. This is a gem.
76561198171206537,Recommended,420530,34804501,Posted: 7 September,all,KuzaPikadox,"This game is absolutely phenomenal! Definitely worth buying! A ""different"" experience than a lot of rpg's. By far my favorite game to date"
,Recommended,420530,34812653,Posted: 8 September,all,Simitha,"Oh god, where to start... I'm simply in love with this game.The first playtrough, was simpy amazing. Beautiful visuals, music, adorable characters and a intresting story. The game uses a lot of new and refreshing gameplay features, so it certainly gets bonus points for that. The ending also really got me, I couldn't help bit feel really bad for Nico..But then I played the bonus chapter, Solstice and I leggit started crying. Not even sure why, the whole story just hit me really hard. It expanded on the already excisting plot, added a few more characters and took in generell a much darker approach to the main story line.tl;dr play the game if you want something to question your life choises"
,Recommended,420530,34840654,Posted: 9 September,all,Grim,"Alright so... i havent played that much of the game, but it seems cool. I actually had to find a file it put on my computer, and thats more 4th wall-breaking then Undertale did. AND the community is cancerous.Review as of 09/09/178/10what would have made it 10/10if they told you where you needed to go next."
76561198040984133,Recommended,420530,34857506,Posted: 10 September,all,syncnj,Fantastic game. No other words to describe it.
,Recommended,420530,34836787,Posted: 9 September,all,KDBA,"A story about a little cat dude trying to fix a foreign land and go home, and his interactions with you, the player, as the game proceeds to tear the fourth wall down.Compelling and not a little emotional, OneShot is definitely worth playing."
,Recommended,420530,34852031,Posted: 9 September,all,Kanna Kamuro,"Niko, marry me in future!"
76561198205831425,Recommended,420530,34871512,Posted: 10 September,all,SirLandyTheGreat,buy it. just.... its a good game. thats all i wanna say about it.
,Recommended,420530,33329118,Posted: 6 July,all,Quillz,"Thought-provoking, innovative, and haunting, OneShot is immmersive in a totally unique way. This game will stick with me for years to come. I highly recommend giving it a try."
,Recommended,420530,34817873,Posted: 8 September,all,Koriosamii,"This game is one of the best I have played in a while, the music and world are beautiful, and I love the characters.  This game also has very unique mechanics that makes the world feel alive in the sense that it directly talks to you, and affects things outside the game (nothing to worry about, it doesn't mess anything up).  I highly recommend this to anyone."
76561198072746843,Recommended,420530,34805144,Posted: 7 September,all,Llamalord73,Get to help a cat eat pancakes
76561197993349383,Recommended,420530,34848019,Posted: 9 September,all,Marmosette Larynx,"I had my doubts when I began this. It was cute, but I was afriad that once the cuteness and 4th wall breaking gimics tapered off it would be unremarkable. Instead, I think it serves as an excellent example of using the gaming medium to excellent effect.Gameplay, characters, and plot are just simple enough to be engaging on their own, but not so endearing that the game's climax is a clear choice. I felt just attached that the climax is a meaningful choice that reveals how games can make decision making meaningful.A simple, light hearted RPG that manages to make me cry not because it has created a sad set of events, but because I have to make a choice that is meaningful, revealing about the person that I am, and makes me cry from real existential sadness."
76561198094038072,Recommended,420530,34786116,Posted: 6 September,all,Illustrious Illusionist,"One of the single most moving and atmospheric games I have ever played. The comparisons to Undertale are apt, as are comparisons to OFF, but I'd call them second cousins at most. OneShot stands on its own with some very unique elements and takes on the meta RPG genre.I will say, some of the fourth wall breaking bits were genuinely unsettling. I do unsettle pretty easily, so maybe that's not a high bar. But I definitely started tensing up whenever I saw a computer in-game.More than anything, though, I found myself feeling such an easy and effortless connection to Niko. Within an hour of playing, I was willing to die for this child. After four hours of play, I found myself willing to make some choices I would not have thought myself capable of at the start of this game.OneShot is a game that effortlessly balances charm and existential dread. I really wanted to know more about the world, and I was surprised at just how much the world seemed to know about me. It's a perfectly sized little game, too, so no one element outstays its welcome.Make sure to try and take some time to explore and try new things! You might get a unique bit of dialogue or stumble onto an achievement by accident. Thank you, Niko, for not letting me take a crowbar to the sun because I forgot you were still holding it.If I have a critique, I'd say that the sound design for this game never really grabbed me. I struggle to remember any given track even now, and those that I had to let run on for a while would start to grate a little bit. But there are no music puzzles in this game, so you can just mute it if you have the same problem I did.EDIT: 9/07/2017 - I wrote this earlier review before I finished the Solstice ending. I did that because I didn't think the Solstice ending could impress me any more than the rest of the game already had. I was completely and utterly incorrect, and now I'm sobbing. But it's the good kind of sob. What a damn good game. I'll never forget you, Niko, or this world. That's a promise."
,Recommended,420530,33659618,Posted: 19 July,all,TheQuail,"You can dodge the squares, but you can't dodge the tears"
,Recommended,420530,33686525,Posted: 20 July,all,Souls,"This game is amazing, a good game for people who have played undertale and enjoyed the story. Despite there not being any fighting like in undertale, this game makes up for that with it's perfect story. I'd definitely recommend."
76561198259562376,Recommended,420530,33641298,Posted: 18 July,all,Windseeker108,"Honestly this game was amazing. The art style was just as beautiful as the soundtrack was mesmerizing, which was a whole lot! The plot is the perfect balance of in-game story and meta-ness I came in hoping for. All around awesome game!"
,Recommended,420530,33643370,Posted: 18 July,all,Munchbit,Where's my pit of emptiness?brb
,Recommended,420530,33641466,Posted: 18 July,all,Mmmkip,"Fun puzzles, nice story. Nothing revolutionary but a very enjoyable experience. Pixel art is very well done too. Would defiantly recommend."
,Recommended,420530,28703026,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Lunal,"This game should be best played BLIND first. I read a review and spoiled something for myself before I played, I regret it highly.No spoilers;Edit 7/19/2017 - The new content added in the patch fixed my one gripe about this game: That I wanted more and that it felt a little unfinished. The story feels very complete and satisfying now and made me cry a second time! I love this game and I hope more of this kind of game comes from this developer sometime.Still relevant parts of my initial review: I cried at the end and had to take a few minutes to recover before I could even tell anyone about it. This game moved me. The main character is cute, very relatable, and takes me with her through a varied range of emotion. The game surprised me and even outright made me jump once (they didn't lie, it is not a horror game, I'm just easily startled). I thought I knew where the game was going and more than once, I was taken in a direction I wasn't expecting.Some of the game mechanics are VERY unconventional and it really is a joy discovering the answer to a puzzle and seeing the unique ways that they want you to solve said puzzles.So, I would highly recommend if you liked Undertale or Pony Island, you play this game."
,Recommended,420530,33641776,Posted: 18 July,all,Hyperspeed1313,"If this game doesn't move you emotionally, you have no soul."
76561198115780652,Recommended,420530,33662448,Posted: 19 July,all,Arkani,"This is probably the best game of its genre that I've played up to date.(and one of the only to entice me to play through all of its endings)I haven't played Undertale yet, but I'd say that this is what it would look like if Undertale and LiEat had a baby."
76561198123076110,Recommended,420530,33688973,Posted: 20 July,all,XxXMercy_mains_are_TrashXxX,"great game, little short"
76561197965192590,Recommended,420530,33701269,Posted: 21 July,all,Lord Katerchen,That was ... absolutely amazing
,Recommended,420530,33791405,Posted: 25 July,all,farpenstein,"Definitely not based off of it, but it's a very Undertale-esque game. Artwork is detailed even when out of close-up cutscenes, the colors are both wonderfully moody and vibrant, and the story being told is done to near perfection. Gameplay is a bit lacking other than the major puzzles found throughout the game, but it makes sense considering this is definitely a story-driven game. For 10 bucks, you probably can't find a better experience from the past couple of years.9/10, best sheep-herding game I've played."
,Recommended,420530,33778864,Posted: 24 July,all,Jadow,it's goodedit: it's great
,Recommended,420530,33713235,Posted: 21 July,all,AquaDrehz,Memorable after finish this gameNot so long but feel complete after you finish it !
,Recommended,420530,33528479,Posted: 13 July,all,Lanes,"Great music, character development and plot. It's cool and fun."
76561198150617139,Recommended,420530,33724486,Posted: 22 July,all,amanda-axelsen,"Beautiful, wonderfull storytelling and worth every penny!"
76561198350843143,Recommended,420530,33730510,Posted: 22 July,all,Shadpad12,"This game is the best game i've played so far besides undertale, I loved the story and how the game isnt bound by the corners of the screen.I would totally recommend this game to anyone who likes story rich gamesI wish this game was longer though, it was too much fun XD"
,Recommended,420530,33734050,Posted: 22 July,all,mdlp0716,"I don't think i can physically express how this game me feel emotionally by the end of it... it's such a great experiencegod i miss niko... *sniffle*gotta find those damn ninjas cutting onions again...the puzzles are cool, the story is great, fourth wall is broken often with an awesome sense of immersion that adds to the emotional appeal to the gameKinda similar to undertale in certain aspects, but with a better fanbase, a better protagonist, and a little bit darker(get it because the sun is dead in the world hahaha kms)11/10, worth every penny, everybody experience this."
76561198017903548,Recommended,420530,33736090,Posted: 22 July,all,BecomingNut,This game is amazing. So many good memories. I cannot launch this game again. I can only remember it.
,Recommended,420530,33331876,Posted: 6 July,all,☭ Mosesaurus Rex ☭,it was ok i guess
,Recommended,420530,33714073,Posted: 21 July,all,MiniCutie,"Great chracters, An amazing story, Looks pretty, Fun Puzzles.It's a PERFECT game !!!"
,Recommended,420530,29406819,Posted: 21 January,all,The Batter,"Sometimes, there is no right choice to make."
76561198167684511,Recommended,420530,33715293,Posted: 22 July,all,✪ Seraphim,"Definitely 11/10...It really does suck you into liking the character and you develop the feelings of wanting to save Niko. It really is OneShot. the moment you finished and managed to play it again, you will lose the original going of the story, but still unlock the other endings.Tear-jerking and really digs you up.Definitely would recommend"
,Recommended,420530,33736796,Posted: 22 July,all,Jack-O-Bytes,An amazing experince! constantly breaking the fourth wall to tell an amazing story! 10/10
,Recommended,420530,33770054,Posted: 24 July,all,~Yuki~,Absolutely incredible experience simmilar but not entirely like that of Undertale.You become more attatched to the characters than you could believe.No other game is more deserving of a 10/10.
76561198066174039,Recommended,420530,33773856,Posted: 24 July,all,Floofs,"Woah this gameOneShot's a fun experience that'll keep you searching and exploring throughout.If you like emotional trips (and 4th-wall breaks) like Undertale, then you'll enjoy this one.However, as the name implies, you only have OneShot."
76561198332012726,Recommended,420530,33778672,Posted: 24 July,all,Migute,"this was an amazing game truly an experience worth the time and money spent, the art is nice and the story and characters are compelling. 8/10 at it's worst point and 10/10 at it's best"
,Recommended,420530,33775913,Posted: 24 July,all,Frostilyte,"OneShotWhat: OneShot is a puzzle adventure game that plays similar to older point and click adventure games, but does so from a top-down perspective. This means you'll travel around collecting items and using them in combination with other items or the environment to solve a puzzle the game has put in your path. OneShot also makes use of the 4th wall as a central mechanic for both telling the story and solving some of the game's puzzles. This constant breaking of the 4th wall is the central mechanic to the game.Pros:The use of the 4th wall for narrative delivery. OneShot liberally breaks the 4th wall, not only acknowledging the existence of the player, but it also has the main character of the game, Niko, speak directly with the player throughout. This gave me an increased feeling of agency in the story as Niko was directly interacting with me, which made me feel a lot more invested in what was happening than I would have otherwise. Normally with these kinds of games I feel like the game is playing itself and I'm simply observing things unfold, but this direct channel of communication between the main character and myself helped to keep me invested and interested in the story.The use of the 4th wall for puzzles. Along with using the 4th wall to deliver OneShot's story, Oneshot also uses it as a way to create puzzles.Because the game is aware that, at the very least, it is a game there are a few points throughout the story where things will happen with your computer as part of a puzzle within the game. Some people may find this annoying, but I found it entertaining to see a game doing something that only a game could.These kinds of puzzles had me thinking about how to solve puzzles in different ways than what I have seen in other games and I really liked that about them.The game is short. OneShot is about a 4 to 6 hour experience. It is a nice compact experience that doesn't outstay its welcome and keeps a relatively brisk pace throughout. I found this aided the game greatly because it was finished before I became tired with the 4th wall breaking mechanic that OneShot has at its core and also wrapped up the story with there being only short segments of downtime.Cons:There wasn't any overarching problem that stood out to me while playing the game. I'll acknowledge that some, or all, of the factors I found enjoyable about the game wouldn't be fun for everyone, but I found OneShot both fun and refreshing for the reasons stated above.Rating: I enjoyed it. Would recommend to fans of puzzle games or fans of games that utilize the 4th wall."
,Recommended,420530,33928972,Posted: 31 July,all,Lemon Snake,"Fun puzzle game with clever, original mechanics. Sometimes frustrating, with some puzzles being just busywork or a little obtuse. Turns into a walking simulator around the end.It has meta elements like undertale and icey, definitely recommended if you like those.You're going to dislike this game if you don't care about stories, though I would suggest everyone try it just for the original puzzle mechanics."
,Recommended,420530,33922302,Posted: 31 July,all,Trin,"He protecHe don't attac though...But most importantly,He not ♥♥♥♥ing Niko BellicGood game though."
,Recommended,420530,33733766,Posted: 22 July,all,ADZE,"[Note: I had clue how to write this without being intensely spoiler-heavy. Sorry about that.]I honestly can't praise this game highly enough. It was engrossing, and had me interested in every last detail of the world. The characters were sweet and interesting and it was a delight to try and peek into their lives through the environment -like the Lamplighter's flowers and fan mail.I don't think I've every played a game that's gotten me to care about the protag the way that I began to care about Niko. Of course I was fully aware that none of it was real, but the game is written in such a way that makes it completely believable without over-emphasising ""HEY, THIS IS A REAL WORLD"" 24/7, thus destroying the immersion of it all. A big part of my childish side completely believes that everything I just played actually happened.The way the gamemessed with my computerwas weird and intensely fun, and I'm sure I annoyed my friends to no end ranting about the part where itchanged my desktop wallpaper on its own, or how it searched through my hard drive for a name to link to me. The moment my name popped up, chills ran down my spine. And don't even get me started on how hard the Solstice playthrough messed with my head. I restarted the game after Niko went home, because I had missed a few achievements here and there, and I was a little heartbroken to see that I had to play with a hologram because I had already sent the real Niko home.I honestly haven't felt this positive about a game in absolute ages. I won't say it's flawless - there was dialogue here and there that didn't quite sit right with me - but it absolutely wasn't a deal-breaker for me.I loved the characters! Niko was way too sweet! (And definitely not a cat!) Calamus and Alula were adorable! The lamplighter is a sweetheart! Maize was just plain cute and her seedling makes me gush every single time. The ram herder was surprisingly fun.Protobot was... Protobot! And Rue was really sweet.I also really liked the waitress in the cafe for some reason. So to make a long story short, I ended up caring very, very much about the world.Thank you so much for the adventure and I hope this dev team makes more stuff in the future!PS: The Secret RAM Club rules!"
76561197971039008,Recommended,420530,33938592,Posted: 31 July,all,Burnsbrightly,"Beautiful original game with great sound and story that manages to introduce a puzzle mechanic i've never seen before. And that new puzzle mechanic is the hardest part about this game. It would be very tough to get the full ending on the first playthrough without a guide, unless you thought about it for a few days lol. I'm not sure if a second and third playthrough is worth it to advance the story a bit,  as much of the game remains the same. So you might only get 4 to 8 hours out of this depending on how much you get stuck. I'm considering a second and maybe third playthrough, but on the fence. BTW, if you want to play it on fullscreen, don't worry, the game automatically puts you into windowed mode at the proper times, so you won't miss anything."
,Recommended,420530,32985529,Posted: 29 June,all,mr_PSYCHO_WEEB,what can i sayIt's f**kingG00D
76561198055066618,Recommended,420530,33936174,Posted: 31 July,all,Gewoonmarjo,I really loved the game!The game has a very high replay value and the whole experinece was amazing.Absolutely worth the money
76561198145257083,Recommended,420530,33085000,Posted: 1 July,all,SGT.Sharkle,"This game has changed the way I look at the world, and how i look at video games. the story revolves around a child named Niko who wakes up in a strange place without knowing how they got there. They find a lightbulb that turns out to be the worlds sun, and from there on Niko must embark on a pilgramige to bring the sun back to a place called the tower, where Niko and YOU will save the world... if the world is even worth saving anymore. Yes, you also play a huge part in the game, acting as the literal god of the world, you must guide Niko along the path to put the sun back in its place...But you are too late, not much of the world really remains anymore. The world isnt worth saving anymore... do you still want to try? then know this. your actions in OneShot will affect Niko. Your task is to get Niko home. And most importantlyYou only have one shot.but if you can find a way to return, please do."
,Recommended,420530,33815024,Posted: 26 July,all,Aether,Short game but totally worth it. I'm still emotionally devastated.
,Recommended,420530,33933822,Posted: 31 July,all,senzai3,This game made me cry.That's not often a game have that kind of power....Play again.
76561198311729087,Recommended,420530,33950505,Posted: 1 August,all,itsozaja,"I really loved playing this game! It was a very heart-warming experience, and I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,420530,33963214,Posted: 1 August,all,"Steve, from Minecraft",It grabbed me.Then it crushed my soul.10/10
,Recommended,420530,33961992,Posted: 1 August,all,Lif,"It's a very cute game. It's kind of like a quest but in 2D/8bit setting and it's not very hard, and the plot is fairly linear, but it's worth it.If I could find only one thing in this game that is wrong with it then it is the lack of dogs.It's not that bad though since there are kittens and robots."
76561198084578825,Recommended,420530,33962973,Posted: 1 August,all,Kagey,"I honestly didn't know about this game until I went to Supercon. I got a signed poster from NightMargin, and bought the game. Very glad I did, one of the best RPGs I've played in a while.+1 Fan"
,Recommended,420530,33965112,Posted: 1 August,all,Sidnoea,I can't remember any other game that has ever turned both my brain and my heart into mush like OneShot did. A spectacular game.
,Recommended,420530,30788980,Posted: 28 March,all,S c u b b l e s  他妈的黑鬼,"Can not make a review that can comprehend the emotions felt playing this game. But I feel like I owe it to the devs. So I'll just write a short review:OST - 9/10 - I wouldn't compare it with the Undertale ost, but it's still incredible.It really fits with the setting of the story. In fact I was listening to it as I wrote this review.Gameplay - 7.5/10 - It's original. The puzzles are not that hard but they feel really satisfying upon completion. They break the 4th wall a lot, because some of them are only possible when the player does certain actions outside their game. (minor spoiler)the end game is where the gameplay shines the most.Story - 10/10 - It'sflawless.The game makes you so you getreallyattached to the main character. And you feel very immersed in the world, because you are not ""controlling"" the character, but rather guiding it. And that's what got me intrigued about it.You are literally playing as yourself. It's an experience you won't ever relive the same as the first time. But please, play the game more than once. Can't tell you why, but you'll thank me later for that.This game easily makes it into my top 5 and will stick with me a long time from now on."
76561198200830477,Recommended,420530,33973972,Posted: 2 August,all,GeminiPotato,"One of the best videogame experiences of recent years. I'll never stop recommend it to whoever asked for my opinion. It's able to capture you and keep you interested until the end, with simple but complete characters, a god who never asked to be one, their resulting responsibilities and... Documents.Una delle esperienze videoludiche migliori degli ultimi anni. Non smetterò mai di consigliarlo a chiunque chieda la mia opinione. Riesce a catturarti e a tenerti interessato fino alla fine, con personaggi semplici ma completi, una divinità che non ha mai chiesto di essere ciò è, le sue conseguenti responsabilità e... Documenti."
76561198455258023,Recommended,420530,33980692,Posted: 2 August,all,Teifan667,"there should be a category for games called ""if I tell you why this is something worthy of your money, time and intellectual engagement, I will ruin half of the experience"" - games like The stanley parable, Undertale, and this one.I... don't relly have anything to say about that - read the period before for the reason - except the fact that at some point i was reminded that i do have a heart somewhere near the stomach.however, if you really can't stand games that do not possess a ""proper"" gameplay (like the two ones above)... why did you even come here reading this review after reading what the game was about in the first place?PRO-TIPthere is a button for running somewhere. right trigger or the button more on the left of the four on gamepad. put a rock on it or something. you're welcome."
,Recommended,420530,33649214,Posted: 19 July,all,Slayerduck,"Good dialog, nice characters and a epic story."
76561198088862382,Recommended,420530,34133825,Posted: 9 August,all,THE COMMUNYAST REGIME,"OneShot was a game I didn't really expect to wow me like it did. I picked it up during the summer sale on a whim, some of the art catching my eye. What I got was an amazing story, fun puzzles that involve you in the game directly, and great soundtrack. I would recommend this game to anyone willing to take a few hours out of their time to engross themselves in it. After all, you only have one shot, right?"
,Recommended,420530,34132985,Posted: 9 August,all,OOT! SHOOT!,"It's difficult to say what makes this game so good without lessening the experience, I think OneShot is a game you should go into as blindly as possible. A haunting and beautiful adventure from start to finish that will likely stick with you for a while."
76561198142106336,Recommended,420530,34050046,Posted: 5 August,all,Spooky Sticks,Phone should get this game.
,Recommended,420530,34039933,Posted: 5 August,all,Morshay,"Absolutely fantastic. I loved Stanley's Parable and Pony Island, but when it comes to meta gaming, This...  is to go even further beyond!"
,Recommended,420530,34024725,Posted: 4 August,all,Rspbabypuncher,"I rarely write reviews but this game is an exception, it's truly a masterpiece. Everything about this game is great, the touching story, the stellar soundtrack, even the memorable characters.My absoulte favorite part, is the way OneShot interacts with you. OneShot takes the concept of breaking the fourth wall and kicks it into overdrive, it does it in a way that is completely original and unique to itself. There are plenty of experiences where you have to do things outside of the game to advance, which I won't spoil.OneShot is an amazing game, definitely worth the $10P.S. The best way to play it is completely blind"
,Recommended,420530,34024644,Posted: 4 August,all,schokobiene_29,"If you are looking for a charming, short, 4th-Wall breaking game then you are on the right adress.I had a lot of fun playing this especially for the subtle cat jokes. (I will never forget you Roomba.)All in all it has been an amazing Experiance and is definitly worth the 10€.The graphics are really beautiful and the fitting music gives the whole game a mysteriouse vibe.Sometimes I had to run around a little longer because I couldn't find certain locations or people but for this was my incompetence in actually reading the dialouge instead of wildly skipping through it (out of habit), to blame.I definitly recommend it!"
76561198250522450,Recommended,420530,34031945,Posted: 4 August,all,jojocawala,"I was pleasantly surprised by this game. It keeps a fresh feel and doesn't drag out the story, but at the same time immerses the player in creative ways. You'll definitely want to beat it twice ;)"
76561198127135486,Recommended,420530,34029739,Posted: 4 August,all,Amaterasu,"This game is truly a master piece. Ive never wanted to immerse myself in a game more than this. it truly brings you in with its story and builds this atmosphere that is just alluring. if you have not played this you definitely should. its like undertale, but it is its own game and its very unique. Please Just Buy This Game."
76561198199957933,Recommended,420530,34023058,Posted: 4 August,all,_Midniqht_,"One Shot overall is an amazing game highly recommend buying this game 5 stars from me. Soundtrack was amazing, Character developement was fantastic, and the story and lore behind the games was a beauty never before seen I love this game and hope the creators continue to release games like this. Also Niko says Hi :3"
,Recommended,420530,33873861,Posted: 28 July,all,Derp.Ink,"LookIf you hadOne shotOr one opportunityTo seize everything you ever wantedIn one momentWould you captureOr just let it slip?YoHis palms are sweaty, knees weak, arms are heavyThere's vomit on his sweater already, mom's spaghettiHe's nervous, but on the surface he looks calm and readyTo drop bombs, but he keeps on forgettin'What he wrote down, the whole crowd goes so loudHe opens his mouth, but the words won't come outHe's chokin', how, everybody's jokin' nowThe clocks run out, times up, over, blaow!Snap back to reality, oh there goes gravityOh, there goes Rabbit, he chokedHe's so mad, but he won't give up that easy? NoHe won't have it, he knows his whole back city's ropesIt don't matter, he's dope, he knows that, but he's brokeHe's so stacked that he knows, when he goes back to his mobile home, that's when itsBack to the lab again yo, this whole rhapsodyHe better go capture this moment and hope it don't pass him"
76561198360867028,Recommended,420530,34010314,Posted: 4 August,all,ringhiotom,Is so cute :3
,Recommended,420530,34011628,Posted: 4 August,all,MarkDarkness,"To experience this game properly, one should go in blind and just appreciate the interesting mechanic twists that the developers managed to code into the game. The overall experience is composed of small moments that weave together into a more expressive tale, but it never really overstays its welcome in a journey that takes around 5 hours to finish. People seem to like to compare it to all sorts of other indies, but the closest cousin that I can think of for OneShot would be Transistor. If you enjoyed that title, excessively loose plot and all, you will probably enjoy this one. It's worth playing at least one or two times."
76561198282346403,Recommended,420530,34009388,Posted: 3 August,all,DiverseHeavenGD,This is honestly the BEST game I have ever played! Even though i finished it pretty quick it was very very enjoyable. $10 totally worth it!
,Recommended,420530,34005809,Posted: 3 August,all,Olyyy,"yep, it good."
76561198125758066,Recommended,420530,30848895,Posted: 31 March,all,Fritzy,"This game is truly extraordinaryI wish i could talk about it more but my friends would make fun of me so i'll just say that this game is great, my favourite game of all time and if you're going to play it try not to know anything about it so you can immerse your self with the game because that way you can get the best experience out of it.9.8/10"
,Recommended,420530,34072364,Posted: 6 August,all,banjoo and lantuu song 10 hour,"Short ReviewAn amazing rpg that is both perfect, and unruined by the community. Infact it's underated. Price is well worth it. The parts with your name in it is the only ceepy part though that's it.Extended ReviewIt's good because- The fandom didn't ruin it- It's cheap- It's alot better than Undertale (the two games are similar in a few ways, different plot)- The plot is great (I think i watched enough anime and movies to know)- OST is awesome- Puzzles aren't brain melting- Has additional content for when you finish the game- I wrote my own review on it because it's that DAMN GOOD (I only wrote 2 public reviews in life)The only flaw I found find was in how fast it is to beat the game, aside from puzzles it's about 3-5 hours worth of contentJust letting you know though be prepared to hear your REAL name (or whatever fake name you used to make a ccomputer account/profile)"
,Recommended,420530,34084752,Posted: 7 August,all,Azrael,"Well honestly i didn't know what to expect from this game. From it's beautiful pixel art to its music and even its story all of these were great just so great. What i heard is this is a game that could rivial Undertale which it most likely would if they both came out around the same time, but really i enjoy the fact that it wasn't as popular as Undertale mainly for the fact of the Undertale Community and only the community as i have played Undertale before and up until now it was my favorite game. But as of playing this game i have changed my mind and OneShot is now my favorite. If you are contemplating picking this title up I highly recommend it as you will most likely enjoy this as it was worth every penny i spent on it (now i wait to pick up the OST)"
76561198253540505,Recommended,420530,34090836,Posted: 7 August,all,MCMK12,"Great game with new mechanics.  Some puzzles will be out of the game, but YouTube has solutions.  If you don't like puzzles you may not like it because the game seems simplistic, but the puzzles take some time.  It has a great soundtrack, storyline, and art style."
,Recommended,420530,33869037,Posted: 28 July,all,canaika,I am really happy that I got this game. It was a wonderful experience for me and I enjoyed everything about it. I woulddefinitelyrecommend giving it one shot!
76561198171462055,Recommended,420530,34093742,Posted: 7 August,all,Revanty,"If you are going to buy this game, first off DO NOT WATCH SPOILERS.Second, the way I describe the game is one that will rip your heart right out of your chest and then tear you into a thousand emotional bits. That is a good thing.This game is one to remember, but simutaneously, it is a game that is better to leave behind once you finish it."
76561198115273188,Recommended,420530,30894687,Posted: 2 April,all,StanJC,"A beautiful game, I want to give it and all its characters a big hug. The art and sound is great and the gameplay is smooth. This is another game I will definitely hold close to heart <3 Niko is so darn cute too. Oh btw this is game you'll want to play yourself before watching any lets plays. There's a lot of nice experiences packed in this game and I really hope this gets a huge following like it deserves!Add on:I have played this game again and  got all the achievements. This really is one of my favorite games <3"
,Recommended,420530,34152553,Posted: 10 August,all,spooky mewt,yes
,Recommended,420530,34171785,Posted: 11 August,all,Shiby,"When I started this game, I wasn't ready for what followed. You will get more inflicted in the story than expected.I love everything about this game. This beautiful story told by loveable characters and underlined by fitting graphics and music. I had a lot of fun collecting and combining items to progress, as well as exploring this unique world.Great game, worth the money."
76561198327819717,Recommended,420530,34160558,Posted: 10 August,all,St8FromJakeFarm,G heckin' G
,Recommended,420530,34160332,Posted: 10 August,all,OMEGA_PDP,"(BE WARNED THIS REVIEW HAS SPOILERS WITHIN IT.)Beautiful game and a well crafted story.Niko is a very relatable character, especially in the SOLISTICE update. The characters and story are very well developed. My personal favorite character is the character who has a potted plant for a head, purely for the adorable design and little nods to his or her characters personality in both their dialog and their enviornment.My friend hates when I say this, but if you enjoyed games like ""UNDERTALE"" you'd probably enjoy this, as both games in a sense have a ""mind of their own"". AKA, the game will know when you reset or turn it off. Spooky, but very well programed. I'd as well recomend this to fans of ""Kings Quest"" due to it's similar puzzle like solutions. If you don't have a good amount of wit in that head of yours, you'll probably get as stuck as I did, only to find the solution and relize you were an idiot to not see it 2 hours earlier.I will also say that the artstyle is really well done, especially in Niko's dreams and the city. The foreshadowing for one of the original endings which can be seen in one of the specific dreams was probably one of my personal favorite moments along with many others which I will not spoil here.I will say that if you do not like long dialog, well there's a LOT of it; especially in Solstice. To be honest the dialog did get on my nerves a few times, but that was from a designer standpoint rather than a story telling one; some non-important characters to the plot still had squares behind their dialog faces, this doesn't seem to be a design choice as the character with a potted plant for a head and the librarian robot do not have this. Of course this is a nitpick, but it caught my eye so many times I just had to say it. If there is a reason for these background squares please do tell me, I'd love to know if it has some juicy lore or little easter egg around it!"
76561198046325312,Recommended,420530,34206983,Posted: 12 August,all,Errolstar,Just....just buy this game. Its amazing.
76561198076880281,Recommended,420530,34190896,Posted: 12 August,all,Hatty,"Well this game is borin... wait I'm known as a god in this world, screw it, this game gets a 10 out of 10. On a serious note though I actually really loved the game, the story was inventive and creative, and I really had a strong love for Niko, and I really worried if he wouldn't get to see his mama. This game is worth getting."
,Recommended,420530,34203523,Posted: 12 August,all,Bobson Dugnutt,"This is my all time favorite indie game of all time. At first glance, it seems like just another RPG maker game, But as you get into the game, it gets better. This game goes out of the box (literally) And instead of being the main character, You are your own character, and the main character is aware that a force out of the game is with him. Truly one of the best game of all time."
,Recommended,420530,34215804,Posted: 13 August,all,sr. jubileu,"This game touched me in so many ways...When I bought it, I had no idea how would be this game. I kinda bought it by impulse.And I started to play. And I felt Niko. I felt the story. I felt my importance in the gameplay. I saw a lot of great and sweet people talking to Niko, and... yeah. Just play it.No words for this game.My recommendation is: play this game. But play it for real. Don't search for recommendations. Play it because you wanna to try something new."
,Recommended,420530,34187447,Posted: 12 August,all,Shrayzz,This game is just awesome. For a game made with rpg maker it is awesome .
,Recommended,420530,34187634,Posted: 12 August,all,moppy_,this is good too
,Recommended,420530,34181858,Posted: 11 August,all,Oceanic922,"OneShot is unlike any other game I have ever played. Playing this game is a super immersive experience. Furthermore, the characters are cute and likeable, the story is compellig and has just the right amount of mystery, and the art style is endearing. Don't read too much about the game before playing, just hop in. OneShot is worth the price despite a short play time. I highly recommend this game!"
,Recommended,420530,34197616,Posted: 12 August,all,happykillua,"Easily one of the best games I have ever played. The story, its characters and unique gameplay had me intrigued and kept me entertained from beginning to end. By the end of my first playthrough I was so attached and invested in the world and characters, I never expected it. Many feels were had. Very relaxing to play with an amazing ost as well. I recommend everyone give it at least one shot (no pun intended I swear lol) ~☘"
76561198108478564,Recommended,420530,34152986,Posted: 10 August,all,Jeez Doc,Great game. Great story. 37/37
,Recommended,420530,34135865,Posted: 9 August,all,Blake Eye,"Do you like games that are heavily story driven and have great atmosphere?  Then stop reading these reviews and go buy this game right now.  Trust me, this is a game you want to go into completly spoiler free."
,Recommended,420530,34136294,Posted: 9 August,all,- ̗̀Frisk ̖́-,Play this game.
76561198259292925,Recommended,420530,34158597,Posted: 10 August,all,eggybun,"10/10, best game. but how the hell am i supposed to solve puzzles when i can't see through my tears? holy ♥♥♥♥??"
,Recommended,420530,28351257,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Lime Cultivist,"Wasn't sure what I was going to be having for dinner tonight, on the night I just ""beat"" the game.It was pancakes. All I see is sad yellow cat eyes.Breaking the fourth wall in every way possible.(I'll be making an actual review of the game later.After the equinox?)"
76561198025468353,Recommended,420530,34149021,Posted: 10 August,all,WigWam,"Oneshot is a game that chooses to challenge the norm.  It markets itself as an ""out of browser experience"" and even though that sounds a bit corny, in practice it's awesome.  One shot was originally a game maker jam but luckily for us the developer saw the potential in their game and chose to polish it up  for a full release.Oneshot is all about the experience so it's difficult to review without spoiling anything.  I'll just say that if you enjoy unique Indie games this is one you cannot miss.  I definitely recommend this game to any and all.For a more detailed review you can check out my video reviewhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UI81Edx__k4"
76561198381419201,Recommended,420530,34206231,Posted: 12 August,all,Battle Doom,Wow... just wowThere is so much meaning to this game.I thought this was a simple game but it isn'tThere was so much emotions to this game that I can't describe.I'm sorry Niko
76561198061868498,Recommended,420530,35091642,Posted: 20 September,all,Fucking Crabs,"Bruh 10/10Pros:+Amazing Puzzles+Funny jokes+lots of 4th wall breaking+No Monsters+Cute pictures+Memerable character+Feels+The puzzles made perfect sense, not a single puzzle had a stupid answer or anything like that+More feels+More Cute characters+More funny jokes+Really thought out and detailed story and characters+Tricks the player many times+Lots of secrets+Lots of endingsCons:-There is no OneShot 2 yet"
,Recommended,420530,34383039,Posted: 20 August,all,Mr.Hippie20,"A fairly short game, especially when replayed, but there was a lot packed into that time."
76561198046112952,Recommended,420530,34379618,Posted: 20 August,all,graf.von.zan,Few games make you feel something. This one does.
,Recommended,420530,33039877,Posted: 30 June,all,Knight of Rage,This is the most beautiful game in the history of mankind. No words can exactly describe how good this game is. I cried twice because of this game. It's so beautiful. It makes you a very important part of the game's progress and lets you be part of the adventure. THIS IS THE BEST GAME EVER!!
76561198313064848,Recommended,420530,34367931,Posted: 20 August,all,Planto,"The less you know, the better the experience"
,Recommended,420530,34365825,Posted: 19 August,all,Llamaliker,A game with really cool and creative ideas and lovable characters. Almost completely story based with some clever puzzles.
,Recommended,420530,34423879,Posted: 22 August,all,Kalisttaa,"Very good story, I like the way that it makes you feel like this game is in a whole other world rather than just a game. I completed my first playthrough and I plan on doing more to see the other endings"
76561198073610536,Recommended,420530,34426588,Posted: 22 August,all,SmallOne895?,"This game is great. Not only is it hella cute, it makes you use your brain."
,Recommended,420530,34425193,Posted: 22 August,all,Misty,"I don't even know how to describe this game. 'Good' isn't nearly descriptive enough. It may just be my own opinion, and it is, but there is no doubt that this is a good game. The music is beautiful, the artwork is very cute, and the characters you interact with are all so neat. Niko is absolutely precious, and all I wanted to do was make sure she was okay and keep her happy.I hated and loved the ending choice and I felt so bad but I decided to save the world instead of sending Niko home. It broke my heart, though.In my opinion this game is up there with Undertale in being such an amazing game. I really loved how the game actually interacted with YOU. The relationship between you and the game was so neat, I don't see that in a lot of games. If you're a fan of puzzles, meta-ness, story-rich games, or pixel games in general you should definitely check this game out."
76561198401953005,Recommended,420530,34429251,Posted: 22 August,all,claymissycorder,Good game i recommend it .
76561198328272737,Recommended,420530,32777244,Posted: 25 June,all,Hnai,"Whoah, i wish this indie game has more recognition, it's so good! The main character is charismatic, the story is intriguing, and though i haven't finished it yet, i'm really thisty to know more about it!"
76561198276579710,Recommended,420530,34393326,Posted: 21 August,all,Alaxel The Shadow Hamed,"This is to date my favorite game ever, if you liked undertale this game is right up your alley, just take away the combat mechanics and add lots of more complex puzzles. there are also less jokes, so OneShot is a really serious game not a kind of happy-go-lucky game like undertale. personally i don't see enough similarities between the games once you start playing them, just the art style, and the connections you make with the characters. one thing i will say, OneShot took a bold move and chose the character you controls name, face, and all other aspects of them for you. i will not say why as it is a pretty damn big spoiler and i went into this game blind, no videos, reviews, or anything else. i just read the part on it's store page that said the name of the game and what type of game it was, and it was the most enjoyable experience of my life, so i hope if you get this game you will find it as enjoyable as i did."
76561198126325032,Recommended,420530,34437054,Posted: 23 August,all,KasuganoHaruka,best game ever!!
,Recommended,420530,34407776,Posted: 21 August,all,valvagia5,"I'm already starting another playthrough. Coming in, I expected a sub-par game in all honesty. Top down, RPG Maker just kinda give off that vibe from the get go now a days.I was delighted to find how quickly my opinion changed, not even five minutes into the game and I was in love.The story telling, the fleshed out world and the soundtrack work so well together I cant help but to love it.Easily one of my favorites."
76561198300272217,Recommended,420530,34316077,Posted: 17 August,all,NotKosher,OMG Its Amazing game!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,420530,34598037,Posted: 29 August,all,Phlox,"One of the best games I've ever played, touching story that creatively mixes with the mechanics of the game. The game makes all of the characters loveable, but especially the main character Niko. There's not much I can say without spoiling it, playing this game blind is an absolute must."
,Recommended,420530,34596033,Posted: 29 August,all,Ponder1ng,Best game ever!
76561198396226658,Recommended,420530,34448259,Posted: 23 August,all,Devin R,"This is by far one of the best made, and most intuitive games i've ever played and i'd love a sequel."
76561198121617564,Recommended,420530,34455902,Posted: 24 August,all,CMic,-This game just makes me cry again like the other game i just played The Undertale-This is why i love game with genre story rich-i will rate it 9/10 (i will put 10 if theres more of this :D)
76561198352822484,Recommended,420530,34457115,Posted: 24 August,all,Kathi,"Okay, I just finished this game and there are some things I need to say.1. This game is amazing. Don´t get spoiled, just play it. Knowing nothing about it will give you the best experience.2. For everyone, who likes games like undertale: Play it3. If you like breaking the fourth wall, play it.Why?Okay.I will explain.The story is simple. But the way, the story is told is simply beautiful. The soundtrack works perfekt with every single area in the game and sounds very chilling and neat.Nico. The ""Protagonist"" of the story. You will fall in love with him.The game surprised me in it´s various extremly cool and interesting ways of breaking the fourth wall. Every area brought new features and ideas with it. The artwork is beautiful, the graphiks are simple, but very fitting and good to look at. I enjoyed OneShot in every possible way you can.Two important things in the end:Don´t rush, the wants to be feltandYou only have One Shot!"
76561198374598935,Recommended,420530,34612637,Posted: 30 August,all,JuliaRico,"I bought it on discount, if you have $10 and you don’t know what to do with them buy it.Bad things about it: it’s a short game, maybe you can finish it in 5hs if you don’t screw up. You will, pretty likely, screw up, a bunch of times. it may get a bit boring in some parts, wandering around is not that much fun and you have to do it a lot, your choices matter only in the end (I mean you have like 2 of them), puzzles are or really easy or ""fukk now what"" but not in a super challenging way, more like when you can’t find your phone.Good things about it: it has a really sweet history, nice puns (not the big deal but ok), it was a new experience for me to go around my pc looking for what to do and the 4th wall break made me feel a part of the game, it’s entertaining and it leaves a warm feeling in you little heart. If you play it with guides it kind of ruins it, like, really bad, try to win the achievements by yourself or you will spoil it. It made me cry (but I cry easily), I liked the music and aesthetic. It’s too cute.It’s a game for a lazy Sunday afternoon, not for everyday play. I loved it and would buy again(Sorry for my awful English)"
76561198086828553,Recommended,420530,30483685,Posted: 12 March,all,CRANKASS,"Simple yet intriguing game with a fourth wall breakin in the level of undertale and niko is cute af,"
,Recommended,420530,34521436,Posted: 26 August,all,brouzouf ain't free,short and cute rpg maker game with meta and feelingsnice world building and characterizationng+ totally worth itniko is a blessing
,Recommended,420530,34544689,Posted: 27 August,all,Retoree,i really like this game
76561198046517760,Recommended,420530,28301942,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Jdot SweapA,Just buy it.No seriously.
,Recommended,420530,34574739,Posted: 29 August,all,Sirithre,"This game remains one of my favorite games played in 2017.It's hard to say much about the game without 'spoiling' it, but it truly is a unique experience.Characters are relatable, art is gorgeous, music is lovely.You'll find yourself wanting to play through a second time.And you'll undoubtedly discover more about the story as you do."
,Recommended,420530,34576492,Posted: 29 August,all,Zhant,Niko is way too pure for this world
76561198296436394,Recommended,420530,34235624,Posted: 14 August,all,rafal.mo11,10/10 would cry again - IGN
76561198117552101,Recommended,420530,34243920,Posted: 14 August,all,Samurai Keebo Wombo Combo,"OneShot is an experience.  The soundtrack is top notch.  The puzzles are unique, and not every answer can be found in the game itself.  Do yourself a favor, pick this game up.  It may be a bit on the short side, but it is most definitely worth it."
76561198272275256,Recommended,420530,34241477,Posted: 14 August,all,jsilvaisyourbro,"This is a fun game that makes you care quite quickly and very deeply the more you play. Its also one of my favorite games that i have ever played. If your thinking of buying this game, just do it it's worth every penny."
,Recommended,420530,34255107,Posted: 15 August,all,Kaff,"""Your actions will affect Niko""I forget about these words just passed the first room, wich is very important.The art is perfect for this game, every single scene is beautiful, there is not such a thing like enemies in this game, but is not needed to fight against someone when the true enemy is you.The controls and HUD are good, i didn't had problems with that and i didn't suffer a crash or something like that so technically the game is all right.What do i need to tell you about this game is.You need to focus on what you trust and what you don't believe because at the end, is there anything real in this game?"
,Recommended,420530,34270503,Posted: 15 August,all,Trem,"This game is phenomenal, it was an absolute joy to play through. It's somewhat reminiscent of older Adventure games like King's Quest while putting a VERY interesting spin on it (which I won't spoil for you)! Niko is an absolute treasure, and it's an absolute joy to go alongside them in the story. The game is also EXTREMELY intelligent, in ways that I (again) do not want to spoil; it really is one of those games where ""everything is a spoiler"". One thing I WILL say is that -- although the games are certainly different -- the game's spiritually very similar to Undertale, although it's worth noting that this game came out FIRST! The Steam release of this game is not its original release, and the original release was about a year before Undertale's. It's honestly a bit of a shame that Undertale (as good as it is) has gotten all of the spotlight, when One Shot was really doing it first. But I'm rambling, so the point is, BUY THIS GAME! This game is worth twice as much as the price tag, if not more! You won't regret it!"
,Recommended,420530,34270786,Posted: 15 August,all,shogo,69/10 would purchase 0.13 times again
,Recommended,420530,34267407,Posted: 15 August,all,TychoRoc,"It's like Undertale with a sprinkle of Yumi Nikki. The less you know about it, the more you will enjoy it."
,Recommended,420530,34263323,Posted: 15 August,all,Sokekon,"OneShot is an incredibly moving experience. Everything from the music, the characters, your interactions with the game world to the art will quickly hook you in and make you attached to this world, it's inhabitants and most importantly Niko. It can squeeze emotions out of you like no other and will leave a lasting impression and an unforgettable memory."
76561198055227276,Recommended,420530,34630006,Posted: 31 August,all,Seargant Snagge,Would still be worth buying even if the prize was 5 times higher.
,Recommended,420530,34643773,Posted: 31 August,all,stramanor,being god isn't easy in this worldor what's left of it
,Recommended,420530,34783687,Posted: 6 September,all,Pedro,"I only bought this game because it kept coming up because one of my friends wrote a review recommending this game.  The only thing his review said was ""Just play it.""  Nothing else.  I didn't know what to expect when I bought or started playing this game.  I had no idea what I was getting myself into.  I know my steam profile says I have only played this game for 3 hours, but that is because I layed this game offline when I was at my grandparents' cabin in the Adirondack Mountians.  There wasn't any internet.  But I played it there for 12 hours straight.  My first playthrough, I was just so amazed.  I was awestruck.  The gameplay mechanics where you are not Niko put me off at first, but I kept playing, and going into documents to get codes and the other stuff like that (I would into more detail but I don't want to give away spoilers) was just a concept that I never thought about.  It was implemented perfectly.  The story is so rich.  The ending of my first and my second playthrough both made me cry.  I also cried at other points in this game.  It is so gripping, even though technically aren't Niko, I felt I was on the journey with him.  The 4th wall breaks just immersed me more.  I just loved the characters.  I could not recommend buying this game any more than I already have.  It is not only a game, but an expierence.  I'm going to wait a while to have another go at this game, just so I can forget just enough about the game to make expierencing the game again that much better.  This is by far one of the best games I have ever played, actually it is by far my favorite game ever.  Just buy it and play it for yourself.  I have fallen in love with this game.  WHY ARE YOU STILL READING THIS?  BUY THE ♥♥♥♥ING GAME ALREADY!"
,Recommended,420530,34788121,Posted: 6 September,all,anskotomov,"Wow, yes, would recommend."
,Recommended,420530,34786436,Posted: 6 September,all,Double_O_Duder,I love this game. It is the best game I have ever played.
76561198198893818,Recommended,420530,34789502,Posted: 6 September,all,3zran,A Really Great ExperienceNiko <3Play This Game...NOW!!!
76561198135297765,Recommended,420530,30743791,Posted: 25 March,all,Zakar,hardest choice i ever had to make in a video game
76561198285215424,Recommended,420530,34317929,Posted: 17 August,all,Rocketdog,"OneShot is defiantly a very unique experience. Since that experience is best approached by knowing as little as possible, I will try to explain what kind of game this is while simultaneously not revealing anything about what actually happens. Paradoxical, I know. Even if you are familiar with the game Undertale, which many have compared this game to, I can assure you that OneShot is very much its own thing and might still surprise you. The fourth wall is certainly played with regularly, but I think it actually does so to an even deeper extend than most other games. As far as I have observed, most games which break the forth wall usually do so in a rather “tongue in cheek” manner. It’s typically done in attempt to get a quick shock out of the audience or to just be humorous. OneShot does so in an attempt to make the player truly think and feel about what is happening, and I believe it succeeds. I enjoyed this game thoroughly and hope that a lot more people will get the chance to try it out for themselves."
,Recommended,420530,34312912,Posted: 17 August,all,achi,good
,Recommended,420530,34318765,Posted: 17 August,all,[ ❀ - Nepu - ❀ ],This game was amazing. The way it immerses you in the experience is absolutely breathtaking. 10/10.
,Recommended,420530,34318420,Posted: 17 August,all,Aries,"I haven't felt an emotional attachment to a game, book, or movie for years. This one though... this hurt"
76561198152158610,Recommended,420530,34320199,Posted: 17 August,all,Cubpletionist,"This is by far the most creative, shocking game I've ever played. I won't say much about ""those moments"" but what I will say is that everything in this game is either depressing or adorable. This game goes beyond forth wall breaks, it's more... hacking your computer as you play. It tells you that your role is a person playing the game, allowing the world of OneShot to exist. And it is your job as the player to pull the password out of your documents folder, to tell them what's written on your computer's background... And to those of you who don't feel as if you're done by the very end, you're not."
76561198206332147,Recommended,420530,34921500,Posted: 13 September,all,tkorff5,"Before I start, even though this is labeled as recommended, this is a mixed review. Since there's no opinion for mixed, then I have to say recommended.I would've loved this game.  It had amazing artstyle, immersive atmosphere and overall nice story. The 4th wall and puzzles felt special and really helped to increase the atmosphere. But they'res three things about it that really cause me to feel apart from the experience.1. The endings: Throughout the game, the tower was built up as this sacred place where the previous sun was spilling its light across the world. Once you got there with Niko, at first it was this dark place where the only object around was the computer which contained the entity. After some trickery and sleeping later, there was a series of puzzles which involved using an outside application to build a path. This part was honestly pretty boring, but that's not the point. When you finish the last part of the puzzles, you reach an elevator which leads to the top of the tower. Here you're given two choices: return the sun or return home. Despite the steam tag of choices matter, they really don't as you always are given the same choice regardless. (unless you're on the solstice run, which i'll touch on later) When you chose return the sun, a cutscene of Niko placing the sun and the game cutting to credits. This is probably the worst ending i've ever seen in a video game. I mean, sure you get pictures of the game's characters reacting to the sun between the credits, but that part gets missed out by me. If you chose return home, the screen cuts to black with the screen shaking and a glass shattering sound effect. Then you see Niko going home through the game window and it crashes. This ending is certainly better than the other ending but still lacks satifiscation or sometimes sadness that endings are supposed to give.2. The gameplay:The gameplay is essentially a third person point & click. Most of the game has you wandering around looking for items to combine with each other. For example, near the beginning of the game Niko has to build a new battery for the generator of the Barrens. This is how the battery is made, just to paint a picture of how repeitive and tedious this mechanic is.Metal pipe + Press = Crowbar   Crowbar + Box = Broken Battery  Camera + Crowbar = Lens    Broken Battery + Lens = Empty Battery  Lightbulb + Empty Battery = Charged Battery  Generator + Charged Battery.  It gets worse later in the game. This reason probably will get backlash, but it's honestly true in my view. So now let's move on to the final reason.3. The characters:Before I start, this will also get backlash, but it's true in every direction, at least for me. The characters feel empty. Almost every character feels a lack of personality, or anything for that matter. (There's one exception but that will be discussed with the solstice part) So let's review each character with a portrait briefly. Prophetbot doesn't feel anything else than glee. He goes on and on about you being the messiah and being able to communicate with the player, even though he was programmed for this and knows it. It's just, wrong. Then we have silver, who is always content and never smiling, despite being tamed. The rowbot is just there. Alula and Calamus are like Silver and are always content. They do smile, but it's a rare occurance. (sorry birblovers)  Magpie is there to trade you the ink for the wool and sometimes the shirt. That's all. Maize is a slight exception as her sadness has a defined reason, that being the sun is out and since she's a plant, Her energy is gone. The Lamplighter or Plight, is just content and sometimes surprised. George is another exception since her personality is different every run, but these different personalities have very few differences from eachother. Dr. Silverpoint is also content and sometimes sad about Silver. Then we have the Entity and the Author. These two are hard to nail down, but let me try. The Entity just wants die because it doesn't want to kill Niko, even though it has the intelligence of a 10 year old child. The author has no personality onceover. (thats a little debatable in my opinion) Niko is the only base game character to have personality, so that's why I didn't say much before. (Niko is only slightly cute, jk)And the solstice characters will be discussed in the Solstice section. So there have it. Most characters in this game have either no personality or just contentment. So now it's time for the reason I didn't give this game a full not recommended.The solstice run.SOLSTICE:After I had finished the main game, I didn't expect more after the first two endings. I really didn't. But no, there was more.And I have to say, this the best part. Upon seeing there was more, I thought this would be the same, but I gave it a chance. I'm glad I did. Enough of that, time to tell you my reasoning. The three new characters, Prototype, Cedric and Rue, actually felt real, like they said they were. The story was built upon so much more, to the point where I could deal with the gameplay and felt I needed to know more. And even the base game characters had more personality with Silver sacrificed herself to save Prototype and Niko from the collapsing cave, Maize used the last of her strength to build vine bridges to necessary areas and the Birbs were displaying other emotions. It felt great! Then the big reveal with Rue about the Entity being the World Machine, and the tear-jerking moments with Niko and their lack of purpose. Finally we have the best possible ending that the OneShot Team could have made. All the characters were brought back by the World Machine, all to bring to a sad goodbye to Niko. Atleast they made it home. ;) (I cried a little at this part)Overall, a pretty great game! 7.5/10 Feel free to comment your opinion."
76561198055682422,Recommended,420530,34927737,Posted: 13 September,all,2weirdy,"Excellent use of gameplay mechanics for storytelling. I can add this to the very short list of games where the story is actually good because it's a game, rather than despite it.I'd say more but I suck at explaining things. This is a good game. Try it out. Worst case scenario you can refund it as you'll definitely know whether you like it or not within two hours, that much is certain.As a side note, if you like undertale, play this game. Despite being quite different, you'll almost certainly like it if you do."
76561198047116461,Recommended,420530,34967708,Posted: 15 September,all,Frenchy von-richt,"After first ending: ""oh that was a good game""After second ending: ""holding back the tears, fk"""
,Recommended,420530,34977621,Posted: 15 September,all,Niko,"Great game with a great story.It is a puzzle game, where you often have to go in to the files to get forward100 out of 10 points"
,Recommended,420530,34972407,Posted: 15 September,all,Zygy,"The graphics are a big bonus to the game but also how it breaks the 4th wall is an added bonus. Creative and engaging, players are sure to fall in love with the world and not to mention Niko."
,Recommended,420530,35115409,Posted: 21 September,all,Henfag,THIS GAME IS GOOD AS ♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,420530,35116403,Posted: 21 September,all,HamDaMan,I Loved OneShot one off my fav games only it was a little short I wish it was longer
,Recommended,420530,28678136,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Cyan,"Amazing game, the story had me getting all emotional and on the edge of my seat, This game is very different from any other game you have played, interacting with your computer and the real life world.InOneshotyou are guiding a stranger who is from a different world, oblivious to ours and he views us as a god, helping him to restore the light to his world.Some sayOneshotcan be a little creepy, as it can involve interacting outside the game itself to progress, this just adds even more power to the game, story and immersion.Oneshotisn't one of the common action or adventure games, this is a nice relaxing game you could play in bed with a controller, or chilling on the couch with some family or friends as you go through the story. Of course the main highlights ofOneshotis the story and the soundtrack, it has a great feel and if you are a fan of these indie-like games you can be pretty confident you'll enjoy this game.Defintely a must play for people into this kind of genre, i'd say it's similiar toOxenfreeor the such. A very rare and amazing Gem.Remember, you only get Oneshot (Do be sure to play through the new game+ though)- Would be in my top 5 games, buy it even without a sale"
76561198010227034,Recommended,420530,35124628,Posted: 22 September,all,Seseau,"Amazing game. It has a very unique narrative approach and executes it extremely well.Add that to the solid writing, the puzzles which go from simple to pretty ""meta"", and the touching story... it's a must for me.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,420530,35140746,Posted: 22 September,all,Bram Strokula's Draculer,a heartwarming little game that plays with the fourth wall in a fun and unique way. i love my little cat friend
,Recommended,420530,35096864,Posted: 20 September,all,catsinthevoid,"What can I say other than absolutely stunning? This is such a creative and beautiful game. I've been looking quite a while for a game that could give me the feelings that Undertale did and I've finally found it! Though I suppose it's not right to compare the two games- OneShot is a completely different experience and unlike any game I've ever played. If you want the full experience of this game than I highly,highlysuggest playing through the game a second time and trying the Solstice playthrough- you won't be disappointed!!"
76561198197306917,Recommended,420530,34982398,Posted: 15 September,all,Fox,"So I can be as unspoilery as possible, I will use Undertale as a base and compare it from that.This game is similar to Undertale, but completly diffrent aswell. Take Street Fighter and Mortal Combat as an example, both are 2-d fighting games, but they have their own story, characters, and background dispite being so similar. However, this IS NOT an UnderTale 2.0 or ripoff, Oneshot is a whole other game.UnderTale and OneShot both have:A 4th wall awarness, (in Undertales case is was the Save/Reset awareness).Gender Neutral Main Characters.And Endings that actually mean something to you.OneShot however:Has a more mysterious feelSoundtrack is more emotional(?), and less inspiring or enjoyable then UndertaleBetter Puzzles then UndertaleShorter then UndertaleThis game is more Story and Puzzle based then Undertale (which was more like an actual RPG), I am suprised that this game is only $10, I would gladly pay $15 (as much as Undertale was worth) even if it is only ~4 hours long. HOWEVER you don't play this game in a sense, you listen to a story being told...one which may never be told again, so if your the type to skip dialouge, your better just ignoring this game."
,Recommended,420530,34989126,Posted: 15 September,all,SamusBamus,"10/10This game is an EXPERIENCE.I don't want to go into details & spoil it for anyone who is thinking about playing it, but I will say that you will absolutely not be disappointed."
,Recommended,420530,30741880,Posted: 25 March,all,spooky noot,"OneShot, an absolutely astonishing game with huge improvements from the first.New menus that are convenient, fast and simple. I love the way they did this!The soundtrack is excellent, new but familiar. Interesting and soothing.Home is my favorite by far, I get an almost sad feeling from it, I just love it so much!Niko is as adorable as ever and took no time to fall in love with once again.It really makes you fall over and take a moment at the end, as any phenomenal game should do.Still breaking the fourth wall as always, though some are slightly different.Others are completely new and are made perfectly well to fit the rest.The game has a couple of achievements for replayability purposes.I had to do at least seven runs to get them all, and I think it was worth it.The Summary : It's worth the price, I doubt you'll regret it.It's not to pass time, it's for the experience. You should experience it as well.One of the best games I have ever played, hope to see more in the future."
,Recommended,420530,35003089,Posted: 16 September,all,Smile Cat,Best game I have ever played
76561198390257396,Recommended,420530,35006291,Posted: 16 September,all,Aesthetical,It's an amazing game!The soundtrack is just flawless and I really like the storyline.I didn't even think games could be this amazing.It's definitely in my top 10.10/10-
,Recommended,420530,35032855,Posted: 17 September,all,Oops,"I don't write reviews normally, not even for games I love tons. If you're debating whether to buy or play it, let me making an exception convince you."
,Recommended,420530,35034604,Posted: 17 September,all,WilloWisp,"I went into this game not really expecting much, I'll be honest. Not like, expecting it to be a bad game, but it looked like just another cute RPGmaker game with a slightly dark tone and a cute main character.What I found was anything but. Even without the meta elements to this game, I found the world fascinating and the characters charming, and the world felt incredibly realized. The strange, outside world elements were intriguing, and added a depth to the game I wasn't entirely expecting at the time.Then I got to the ending. And... what was beyond. What awaited me there has made this one of my most cherished games I've played this year. I *strongly* recommend you play through it at least twice."
76561198245677332,Recommended,420530,35056668,Posted: 18 September,all,Blackstar3243,I really enjoyed the this game and the soundtrack is great too.
,Recommended,420530,30803372,Posted: 28 March,all,Felix,"Great game, the less you know about it the more you will enoy it.It has 98% positive reviews and is only 10 dollars, what are you waiting for?"
,Recommended,420530,35168403,Posted: 23 September,all,Universe,"Simply put, this game is my second favorite game of all time. The music, characters, setting, almost every aspect of the game is beautifully well put togehter. I think my favorite aspect of this game would be either the amazing characters and music, or the fourth wall breaks. Not to spoil anything too much, but there's a fourth wall break close to the beginning of the game. This fourth wall break caught me off-guard and instantly had me hooked. I highly recommend this game and this game is the first game ever that I loved so much that I actually wanted to get all the achievements, and I did."
76561198148955166,Recommended,420530,35183306,Posted: 24 September,all,ゴミ箱,"Three words, fourth wall breaker."
76561198079633278,Recommended,420530,35214770,Posted: 25 September,all,Zonnap,"This game earns every tiny bit of its overwhemingly positive reviews, The characters are amazing, Niko is a fantastic main character, and how the game works with the ""entity"" is amazing and ive only ever seen done in a game like undertale, which is my favorite game. So for a game with a much cuter cast, and with a lot heavier tones I would EASILY give this game a 9/10 the only reason it isn't a 10/10 is the amount of sheer walking back and forth to find something you might've missed (Niko needed to sleep at one point and I only found the bed in the Glen with help from someone watching me stream the game) Overall great game, worth every penny! Now i just need to figure out how to do NG+ with the solstice!"
,Recommended,420530,32978342,Posted: 29 June,all,N0rule,10/как заставить меня заплакать из 10
76561198388892867,Recommended,420530,35262149,Posted: 28 September,all,duanmzdaisy,It is a really beautiful game! I love it! Definitely one of my favorite game of all time!
76561198324401236,Recommended,420530,35271137,Posted: 28 September,all,Super Nanners,nothing left but tears....
,Recommended,420530,35263652,Posted: 28 September,all,JavaScript,"A (rather emotional) journey during which you may or may not grow attached to the small child-turned-messiah you guide. You'll meet plenty of other characters along the way, significant story-wise or not. When given choice, decide carefully. Just remember to ask yourself before you begin; 'Am I ready to be a god?'"
76561198404036895,Recommended,420530,35253866,Posted: 27 September,all,kenzbenz400,Mentally challenging and breathtaking. This game takes you on an emotional journey and leaves you wanting more. I had way too much fun playing this. Thanks to the vreators for thinking of such a wonderful idea!!
,Recommended,420530,35254492,Posted: 27 September,all,THE EMERALD SPLASH,Completing this game made me legitimately cry at a game for the first time in a while. Live on little cat boy.
,Recommended,420530,35270511,Posted: 28 September,all,Calyptus Laboratories,Too emotional. Too real. Too good for a game.
76561198029507478,Recommended,420530,35358331,Posted: 30 September,all,Scrumble Dunkus,Oneshot is a fantastic little game. I went in 100% blind and I strongly recomend trying to do the same. The game is short (4 - 6 hours) but for only $10 it's more than worth the price.
76561198207722619,Recommended,420530,35351088,Posted: 30 September,all,MAD JACK.exe,The game super fun i love the 8bit and 16bit look the game is one of my all time favs i will play more
,Recommended,420530,35331971,Posted: 30 September,all,Novae95,"I was afraid to play it at first, because I'm not good at puzzle games; but I'm happy I decided to play it anyway! The puzzles aren't that hard - I solved the hardest one in 10 minutes.Everything else in this game is cool, too! The characters (George > all, btw), the 'zones' (the design of the Refuge is beautiful), and the storyline; also, I really liked the fact that the game breaks the fourth wall, and that Niko, the protagonist, talks to you directly instead of being restricted to only talk with other characters.The only bad thing is the hardest puzzle I talked about earlier, which is pretty much random and can take a lot of time if you're not good at guessing.But if you put that aside, this is a great game!If you enjoyed Undertale, you might like this too."
,Recommended,420530,35283393,Posted: 28 September,all,Luryc,"It is honestly one of the best games I have ever played. The puzzles are intuitive, but really well elaborated. The complexity of the game really amazes me. It is definitely a must-play. Please don't hesitate to purchase it. If you are looking for a puzzle game, this is the one. If you're looking for an exciting story, this is definitely your game! Don't look for spoilers, cause you'll find them! Start playing right away!"
76561198158230560,Recommended,420530,35283137,Posted: 28 September,all,chubbywalrus1123,Fantastic game with a fantastic story.  Very quick to beat however I really felt like I got more than my money's worth out of this game. Highly reccomend.
,Recommended,420530,29579637,Posted: 29 January,all,Ingyeo,한패 안나오는게 짜증나지만이건 레알 갓겜이다
,Recommended,420530,30658908,Posted: 21 March,all,Bernard Black,"I don't normally review games, but felt compelled to after playing this game - only 3 hours at the moment but it is already one of my favourite games that I own, it has a very undertale kind of vibe to it, but better IMO. There is no combat so far which is actually quite a nice difference to most games out there. Soundtrack is wonderfull, the artwork is beautiful - words cannot describe it. Wish i had paid for the soundtrack as well.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,420530,35398352,Posted: 1 October,all,Siren,I just have one thing to say about this game: Stop reading the reviews and go play it for yourself!This game was such a delight and I would recommend it to everyone I know. The story was well put together and I was not expecting half of the plot twists they threw at you. But I'm completely okay with that. I love when a game isn't predictable and throws me for a loop. So play it for yourself! You won't regret it!
76561198202056537,Recommended,420530,35399975,Posted: 1 October,all,KittyKat,"Really quite short, took me 4 hours with lots of wandering about, but it was absolutely fantastic! You really become attached to the characters, especially little Niko. Dont read any spoilers or be influenced by bad reviews, play it for yourself and you'll see how spectacular it really is!"
,Recommended,420530,35389018,Posted: 1 October,all,Tiff,"Absolutely incredible. In some ways comparable to undertale, but with a lot more puzzles and cute and a lot less combat (as in: none). Also 4th wall ♥♥♥♥ turned up to 11. DEFINITELY VERY MUCH AVOID SPOILERS.Really cannot reccommend this enough. <3"
76561198075785810,Recommended,420530,35394288,Posted: 1 October,all,maria.golnik,Amazing - captivating from start to finish. No reviews can summarise it!
76561198353521471,Recommended,420530,32212970,Posted: 5 June,all,yourmorningdoseofmemes,"I dont really know how to explan it ,The game is so  good ,so underated that its hard for me to explan why the game Oneshot is good. Now as im re writing this im still going to give oneshot prase while looking at the down sides as well. So its kinda like a retrospect review.im going to break down every about the game starting now... oh and yeah sporliers lol yoved warnd lol1:the point :the story is about a little boy/girl that has the same detail feartuers as a feline named Niko.Niko wakes up at a unknowend locaction and just walks around trying to know what to do but the door is locked.So he trys finding the password for the computer.Eventually Niko puts right  the password with a seen of the computer talking to you. If you have'nt  played the game you think that the computer was talking to Niko but once you read more of what the entity is saying(yes his name is the entity) you relzie that there talking to you the player. He advise you these following quites(""your actions will have pernement effets,your misson is the niko leave,and the most importitly...);actule pop up apperes and says"" you only got one shot {insert put a name whatever you like where}.then after solveling 2 puzzles Niko gose to the basement and finds a lightbulb.Niko picks up the lightbulb and the lightbulb lights up.then after nexting the house you go toa brokendown builing:Niko walks out of the builing oncend you steped out of the builing your pilgrimage begins...later you came across a robot name Prophetbot;he stares asking qustions he expalns that your god,Nikos the messiah,and the sun is the the lightbulb.then after fishing asking qustions your actule pilgirmage begins.Skipi ng.skiping the mundane stuff we come across the head engineer named silver (you would know her name if you read the note the table)she gose head and says"" so you the ""messiah""? Niko sayes"" ♥♥♥♥♥ YOU KNOW I AM!!!"";sivler say well I expected some one tall and not a cat person thingy;Niko says""NNNOOO IM HUMAN PERSON!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1111!!!!!!!1""then after the coveration ended; Niko picked up a scerwdriver and gose to cave but we can go inout the cave without permistosn so the robot comes and comes with him then Niko finds a camera or a eye of robot or something oh and aslo forgot about the battery thing that have in my pocket.Maybe its for the box thingy that will Maybe powering the barrens but its not repeared its broken...[2 puzzles later] great im done but its not powered [one more puzzle later]great its fixed again now time to pop it in the thingy[insert machine inuneonue here] great every thing is powerd up.and a competer is on what it going it tell niko this time? (ok back to being seriuos again.) the entity comes back again and says that the password is not in this world its outside of the window then after you find documant of the password of the safe that didnt montion because ived skiped the mundane parts.;once Niko and you puted in the right password the safe opens and you get a gas mask and also a book but that not importinet til later on.[skiping more unimportint stuff];we come across the rowbot [insert numbers] he was power up ever sence Niko powerd up the barrens he would like to take niko to the tower but he can not move:Niko cambies some chilecle stuff to fix the robot gusse what its still dosent work so Niko gose back to the silver and asked for some thing for the robot to work again. Then after silver gives Niko a Amer which is from the glen. before Niko left he deiced to play chest with her.after the game and the talk Niko gose back to the rowbot and shows him the thing and now they take off to the glen will i fish this review at the next weeken or will i competely forget about found out on the next eposide of yourmorningdoseofmemes.      to be contined>"
76561198103202806,Recommended,420530,35387054,Posted: 1 October,all,OrangeJuiceMan,"Best game I have ever played, without a doubt. The game shatters the fourth wall and makes you, the player, a part of the story. Incredible OST, for both the main game and the bonus chapter.You go through the game guiding the main character and communicate with them as you both experience the harsh reality of the world. The game has a gloomy, ominous feel while at the same time maintaining glimmers of hope. The game has a variety of interesting puzzles including ones that require other things in your PC.It's worth way more than $10.Also, if you are new to this game don't read the reviews. It might slightly ruin the experience. I went in completely blind, and that's the best way to experience it. I read many other reviews and lots of people are saying the same thing."
,Recommended,420530,35392008,Posted: 1 October,all,Tanelorn,"For its price this is a nice game with interesting concepts and story. But in my opinion it is underdeveloped and could have been much more. The best part of the game and I think the part that makes everyone recommend it is how the game breaks the fourth wall in a good way by making the player interact with the game in unexpected ways. I will say no more to avoid spoilers. Overall, it's worth experiencing if the price stays low. I'm glad I played it, just not entirely satisfied with it."
,Recommended,420530,33948247,Posted: 1 August,all,Amari,"Brillant.Don't look anything up, just play it."
,Recommended,420530,35288491,Posted: 29 September,all,Azzie,"Truly great game!I definitely recommend to everyone reading this review.The gamplay is truly great and quite different from what you'd expect from all other games and also has very great characters with lots of good development.The story is also very amazing and slowly revealed as you progress while having many secrets and fun moments, there's also very good emotional moments that make the whole stoy and game be worth to go through and has a very satisfying ending."
76561198327468797,Recommended,420530,33793070,Posted: 25 July,all,STEVE,"ITS AN AMAZING GAME if you're thinking of getting it ,you wont regret it"
