user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,420770,19430359,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,BossCrab,"I played this game on the 3DS and enjoyed it very much! The gameplay is like a mix between a MegaMan style action platforming with Gradius-like upgrades to make you more powerful. These features work well together, and provide a very nice gameplay experience. It has great music, cute characters, fun gameplay, and has a rewarding level of challenge, especially for the bosses. The HD upgrades for the Steam release are awesome; the game looks great! You can also save ghost data of your playthrough, which is very useful for speedrunning. The developer is very passionate about this game and loves talking with fans and players in order to provide a good experience, although english is not his first language. It has already included patches based on feedback from fans (including Xbox 360 controller support).I have put a ton of playtime into this game, and it is a great value for its price. I highly recommend checking it out if you are a fan of action platformers!"
,Recommended,420770,19432063,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Larxinostic,"Recommended:Game:Yes| Port:YesOverall:Game:6/10 | Port:8/10Breakdown:Gameplay:6/10 | Story:5/10 | Sound:7/10 | Graphics:7/10The Legend of Dark Witchis a cute Japanese indie 2D platformer fusingMega Man-style game flow and level design withGradius-style powerups. Originally released on the Nintendo 3DS eShop,Dark Witchhas now pleasantly made its way to Steam. Its port did need some tuning at first, particularly in terms of controller input and layout recognition. Now that those issues have been resolved, the game unveils itself to be satisfying and affordable enough that I can safely recommend it as a decent, enjoyable little platformer.Zizou Olympia, the titular Dark Witch, has set out on a trek to locate and retrieve the stolen Syega crystals, which supply magical blessings to the general populace. As a goddess, and a bit of a snarky one at that, Zizou's not going to let anyone obstruct her investigation - and hence, she finds herself progressing through eight stages, each overseen by a potential culprit. The game plays out like an early-eraMega Manseries entry across mostly-horizontal stages, rear-guarded by a boss who'll yield her special weapon to Zizou upon defeat. Throughout the stages, however, Zizou collects Tres power from slain foes, building up an enforcement gauge offering variousGradius-style powerups such as increases in running speed and shot power. The game's above-average difficulty encourages the player to put these to good use rather than sit back hoarding Tres, especially since each attack Zizou survives depletes some of her accumulated Tres gauge. Fortunately, merely attacking a boss can also build some meter so that Zizou won't face the prospect of going totally without Tres at a critical moment. All acquired Tres can then be spent at the menu shop between stages to improve Zizou's base parameters and the potential utility of her newfound special attacks. Each of the opening 6 bosses can be tackled in any order, after which the penultimate and final bosses - including the Syega's thief - await. It's up to the player to learn which boss is weak to which special power inherited from defeated bosses.The game's colorful stages definitely stand out more in HD than they did on the small 3DS screen. A few nifty stage effects reminiscent of 16-bit-eraSonicandRocket Knightgames add to the flavor of the stages and gameplay. While none of the pixel art demonstrates sheer excellence, it's altogether capable and generally good-looking. Even better, the lineart assets really spring into focus in this HD polishing. Characters look sharp, eye-catching, and pleasingly adorable. Moreover, the game's decently-catchy soundtrack sounds easily clearer and beefier here than it ever could've on 3DS. Again, 16-bit-era gaming comes to mind, both in composition and presentation of the music. Few tunes really stand out as exceptional, yet similarly, few tunes prove to be headache-inducing or flat-out unlikable. There're some good songs here, listenable outside the game (without being knockout classics). On the flip side of the audio, competent Japanese voicework complements the admittedly-plain story snippets. It's not thatDark Witchlacks charming ladies; it's that those charming ladies don't say or do much at all. One might draw parallels here with, for example, a danmaku/bullet-hell shoot-'em-up in the vein ofeXceed 3rd:a cast of nicely-drawn gals who don't leave too much of an impression either way. Basically, the story frames the gameplay but doesn't extend beyond it. As with the olderMega Mans- orMega Men,perchance? - this is fine. Not great, but fine.As for PC conversion and compatibility,Dark Witchv1.01 now natively supports 360-mode controllers. The game does play well enough on keyboard since it doesn't need a huge array of buttons to press at once, but it was wise for Inside System to better configure the initial limited controller support so as to ensure compatibility with a decent range of controllers. I'm playing it on a Logitech F310, a controller with which I've no qualms with howDark Witchrecognizes it. This is a positive alteration to aid with navigating the above-average difficulty of the game, at least in regards to the Normal setting. Here's some gratitude extended to Inside System for remedying these pitfalls, as they had dampened the fun of the game for several people.Overall,The Legend of Dark Witchdoesn't really approach the level of a spectacular game. Rather, it's a generally *good* game throughout: good, colorful graphics; good, catchy music; good, solid gameplay. It isn't much for excelling, but it's not really horrid in any way. The story's not much, and Normal mode's no pushover. However, for what it attempts to be - a good, likable video game - it delivers.Review date:2nd December, 2015Revision date:3rd December, 2015"
76561197966134367,Not Recommended,420770,19847483,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Luihutin,"I wanted to like this game, but I can't.By now you already know that the game is like a hybrid between the mechanics of Gradius and Mega Man. Sounds good, but it is a terrible idea in practice. The game feels like its own mechanics constantly go against fun - remember having a separate energy bar for every new weapon in Mega Man so you could experiment freely without hassle? Well, too bad, because this game actually uses the exact same Gradius-like energy for those weapons. You are basically given a choice of: Do you want to upgrade your basic weapon into a supercannon or just use up that energy to fire weapons that may or may not be effective, and sometimes absolutely useless because of their godawful range?You might as well be told to choose between getting a gun and getting shot.I won't say this is a problem for someone who feels really hardcore defeating bosses with minimal effort, even without essentials like speed boosting (Gradius-style upgrade), but when you die in a boss or any enemy in a stage, you are set back to zero. Even worse, this game has no way for you to get your health back. This is made even further frustrating when you notice that the screen scrollsextremely slowwhen you turn around. I cannot emphasize the slowness of this enough, you basically have to stand still and wait for the screen to scroll if you happen to zig zag around a maze or just want to explore carefully.Speaking of exploration, remember how much fun in Mega Man it was to see a power up and figuring out how to get to it? Well here they went for something completely unfun; The power ups are invisible and hidden in a specific spot on each map, and you have to just blindly jump around looking for them, at which point the slow scrolling gets even more annoying when you get blindsided by enemies that suddenly respawn as you carefully hit every empty air space you can.Then when you get knocked around a few times in a level or boss, your last resort is to basically grind respawning enemies until you level up your basic attack - and I am genuinely asking right now for someone out there to explain to me what's the point of having to choose between the two attacks, Line and Meteor, when there is no discernible difference that would make one better over the other? It just makes you scream when you switch your attack to the other accidentally, wasting your power meter for something you didn't want.Still with me? Alright, now, when you finish the game first time around, you're given another character to play as, and she is even more frustrating to play with - that's the theme here. It's frustrating and it's not fun to play as these characters. But the second character is even worse because her basic attack's reach is spitting distance, and its reach is leveled through the Gradius-style system. She can charge her attack like in Mega Man, but its reach remains the same, dependent on the attack's level. You have to be as close as possible to enemies and bosses to hit them, and at this point I just wanted to go play Mega Man and Gradius instead.As a big bonus ""up yours"" the second character's last and most expensive upgrade is something that lets you fire charged up attacks with just a push of a button, but only for a short time. You know what the problem is with this? It's that the bosses have momentary invulnerability between attacks, so this skill is entirely pointless - none of the little enemies are so badass that you would need to shoot multiple charged attacks at them, and just tapping the button is already good enough. You are doing the exact same damage to bosses without this skill if you just charge, shoot, wait for the invulnerability to wear off, and attack with a ready charged shot again.The design decisions make no sense, the levels feel lifeless, the music is pretty nice, the bosses are dull and made frustrating with the needless power downgrade that comes with death, and the fusion of Mega Man and Gradius just makes it feel like taking theworstparts of both games.If you like a game that demands perfection with your moves, like I know some people do, then you might enjoy this game. If you are looking for something that feels like Mega Man or Gradius and is fun and rewarding to play, then this will just make you♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off.Let's finish this wordy rant of a review with one more thing: The final boss in the game with the first character is terrible. It's a gauntlet of enemies that you just defeat as they spawn, while the boss itself hovers overhead, spewing slow projectiles. The boss's health slowly drains while you just wait and kill the enemies from memory. There is no tension or a feel of a big battle, you are just standing in place and killing regular enemies. I could've recommended this game based on boss battles alone, but seeing how most of them are just completely immobile cannons, it just clinches this game as a missed opportunity.I hope that the developers don't give up just yet, though. There is a good chance these folks could make a good Mega Man-like if they dump the Gradius part and make a simple platformer instead. Mega Man and Gradius do not mix."
76561198073659788,Recommended,420770,20782549,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,snow_yasha,bring the sequel to steam too please DX
76561198246995192,Recommended,420770,28532976,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Dburch001,"The first thing that sprang to mind when I first got this on the Nintendo 3DS was a classic Megaman game with magical girls instead of robots.Brilliant sprite work, challenging game play and a pretty good soundtrack, I highly recommend you play this game."
76561198002128919,Recommended,420770,19434545,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Crippe,"One of the best Megaman-like games I have ever played. For speedrunning it is increadibly satisfying, and even on Easy it presents a good challenge trying to go for a fast time. For the casuals it presents a good challenge as well if you play on Normal (my first playthrough took 3-4h). And if you're really looking for a challenge there's Lunatic. There's also a 2nd playable character with new abilities and a much harder final boss fight.The music is really catchy and the characters are very cute.If you like games that plays like the classic Megaman games, I highly recommend this to you.I've spent nearly 100h on this game on my 3DS and I know I'm gonna spend a fair amount of time on this version too."
,Recommended,420770,29520709,Posted: 27 January,all,Annie T. Mood,"A short 2D platformer about a smug goddess.The gameplay takes iconic features from other games; you can block like you can parry in Street Fighter 3 & CvS2, it includes an on-site upgrade system like in the Gradius series, and takes almost all the unique gameplay aspects of classic Megaman almost making it a clone but not really.Despite keyboard controls being shown as it loads up the game and in the ""manual"" section, the game seems to be heavily designed towards controller use. The menu interface shows controller buttons and the only keyboard related thing on the interface is to tell you how to close the game through ALT+F4 since there's no exit game option. You can rebind the keys but only through rebinding the controller controls, as that's the only way to rebind anything for some reason. And even then you can only rebind the face buttons.Three difficulty options are available; Easy, Normal, and Lunatic. Going up a difficulty setting has bosses and some enemies attack faster & put more projectiles on the screen as well as increasing their defense though you take the same amount of damage all the same. Because of their bigger defense it's highly inadvisable to start the game off on Lunatic as all bosses just take way too long to kill as a result and likely much longer if you don't know what they do. You can only pick up health on Easy mode as well.The gameplay's simplistic in its run-n-shoot mechanics. You can shoot almost as fast as you press the button, killing most enemies in one hit.The screen however is pretty small so constantly running to progress can be consequential and the camera can move a bit slow when turning around. For example there are a few enemies that instantly shoot a projectile your way if you kill it instantly, so if you happen to shoot one off-screen you'll need to be quick about dodging or blocking it. It doesn't help too that some enemies regularly fire projectiles off-screen if you're close enough. This goes for enemies at the bottom as well so it's almost a guessing game of whether or not you'll drop down only to get hit by something that was already thrown or fired. Looking at the manual, the camera disadvantage seems to be intentional as they tell you to ""try to remember where your enemies appear"". It'd be fine if some parts weren't guessing games. There's a setting in the options menu that lets you choose where you want the camera constantly positioned to the character and how fast you want it to scroll towards the direction you're facing. No matter what setting I pick though the camera always moves very slowly for me so I just have the camera almost center to the character and chose the option for the camera to barely scroll anywhere.Blocking in the game is tough, quick, & precise but it's rewarding as it not only negates damage, it also gives you a small amount of Tres.You can block just about anything, even environmental hazards. It's tough in the sense that you have to press left or right just as an attack of some kind is about to hit you, even if you go towards it yourself. It's completely optional but learning how to block what can be well worth it.Throughout the game you collect Tres from killing enemies, damaging bosses, blocking, and by just starting up a stage. They immediately separate themselves into two different functions, as permanent currency and a means to fill up the Enhancement Slot bar.In the stage select screen you can use Tres to purchase permanent upgrades for yourself.During actual gameplay you have access to an Enhancement Slot bar at the bottom of the screen where you can use Tres to temporarily acquire and/or upgrade some skills on the spot. I found myself only acquiring/upgrading three of the upgrades though; one that increases my movement speed, one that keeps me in the air a bit longer, and one that increases damage.Moving faster means upgrading the first slot, Speed, which I only ever upgrade once or twice as I feel I  won't have too much control of my character if she's too fast. Wing keeps me in the air a bit longer if I hold the jump button midair though I ever only upgrade it once as I don't feel the need to be in the air for longer than a second. The damage increaser, Power, I always try to max out as that seems to be the most useful for the stage and the end-boss. The upgrades for adding more projectiles to your firing, Line & Comet, seems good for the stages but impractical for bosses. Line is straightforward in adding an upward shot attack to my default straight attack but Comet adds an attack that swerves up & down too much to really be useful. Upgrading either projectile-adding attack more than once feels like a waste of Tres. And then there's a hidden upgrade, Guard, which can only be acquired once and can't be upgraded, is meant to instantly negate one damage that hits you before disappearing. Afterwards you'll need to rack up enough Tres to reacquire it. It's extremely useful but it's incredibly pricey.Getting hurt lowers your currently filled Enhancement Slot bar by a certain amount depending on the difficulty setting chosen and dying removes all the acquired skills from it. No matter what though the currency part stays with you even if you abruptly choose to go to the stage select screen.Each stage has their own unique enemies as well as a few re-used ones and the maps are relatively small with a few forked paths you can take. Even on a first try you can probably get to the boss in around 3-5 minutes each stage. The music isn't bad and the platforming is pretty basic though some sections are a bit tougher than others.You can find two hidden items per stage (save for the last two stages) called ""Pure Syega"" which you'll find by jumping around everywhere, shooting everywhere to find an indication that you hit something invisble, or checking online where they're at. They're supposed to further increase the amount of times you can upgrade something on the Enhancement Slot bar but if you're only using a few of the upgrades on it then the Pure Syegas are mostly useless.The bosses in each stage are all unique & simple. Their attacks are unique and they all attack in specific, predictable patterns which you're supposed to use against them. Each one only does two attacks on their first phase. As their health reach certain points they'll add new attacks to their patterns but even then it's not adding a whole lot. Regardless, it can still be difficult to avoid damage as you'll still have to find a way to constantly avoid getting hit. There aren't any indications as to when they'll start changing up their attacks aside from looking at how low their health is. Because each boss is fought on one screen it's pretty easy to not be distracted by their health bar. For whatever reason almost all of the bosses stay in the same spot where their only other movement is to float straight up in the air for a bit. Only two of them are actually capable of moving from one side of the screen to another.Once a boss is beaten you get an attack of theirs for you to use. Each boss is weak to another's attack like a rock-paper-scissor mechanic of sorts and of course each one is beatable with the basic attack. These special attacks use up Tres from the Enhancement Slot bar though. If it's empty then you automatically switch to your basic attack.Once the game's through you gain access to another smug character on a New Game, who's significantly harder to use as her default projectile range is near point blank in the beginning and most of her Enhancement Slot upgrades are near useless, some even detremental. Beating the game with her though reveals what's supposedly the true ending to the game's plot, which was pretty simplistic and straightforward to begin with.For what was I think originally a 3DS title it's not a bad port if you can somehow get by the lack of attention for keyboard play as well as some other minor issues. At $5 it's a pretty decent & tough platformer."
76561198107154420,Recommended,420770,22779836,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Alan_Gord,"Suprisingly good game for it's price.PROS-nice pixel art. Zizou is cute, bosses are cute, even monsters are cute.-diverse level design. Every level has it's own art style with different challenges, puzzles and thematic enemies.-bunch of unlockables: music, info about bosses and enemies, upgrades and even new playable character which plays vastly different from Zizou.-supports controller but you can easily play it with keyboard.CONS-the game is short. It took me 5 hours to complete the game and i'm not very good at platformers. I think someone who is more proficient with the games of this genre could beat it even faster. Of course you can replay it for achievements or unlockables, but i'd prefer bigger levels or even more of them.-the last level is boring. You just need to beat all bosses once again and then defeat the main villain. Maybe it's good for completing their achievements, but designwise it's lazy as hell.VERDICT:Pretty decent game for it's price. If you want to try out platformer genre you can easily start with this one."
,Not Recommended,420770,23364125,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Moogle Emperor,"I can say a lot of good things about Legend of Dark Witch. Its Mega Man inspired level select remains as good of an idea as it was when, well, Mega Man first did it. Your character and the bosses she confronts have cute designs and nice animations. The fundamentals of action platforming are present.But I can say a lot of bad things about it, too. The level selection may have taken inspiration from Mega Man, but the extremely bare-bones level designs clearly have not. The abilities you get from defeating the bosses might have, but from the worst examples in the Mega Man series – they’re almost useless outside of a few niche applications. The system by which you level up abilities over the course of a stage means that you have a huge incentive to defeat a boss on your first try, because additional attempts leave you with far less powerful attacks. Hardly desirable in the kind of game where learning a boss’s patterns is crucial to victory!Worst of all is the progression system. You can permanently unlock new abilities using in game currency, but it's acquired at such a slow rate that you'd have to play dozens, if not hundreds, of times to obtain everything. I'm not clear on whether the higher difficulty levels are balanced around the expectation you'll have this stuff – much of which is comprised of rather boring statistical improvements – or not, but there's really no answer to that question that makes it sensible to have a progression system at all, much less such a glacially paced one.I don't regret playing Legend of Dark Witch once, but it would have to be far longer or far better to justify how many times its developers seem to have expected you to play it."
76561198072182182,Recommended,420770,23127757,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Zeebrax the Astral Lifejacket,"Ooo, Megaman!  When did you get so . . .kawaiiiiiiiiiiii?In this game, as in the Megaman/Rockman series, you select the order in which to take on a selection of themed levels; you get a special weapon after defeating the boss of each, and every boss is particularly sensitive to a certain special weapon.The action is flawlessly smooth, and I must admit that I'm a sucker for the cutesy art style.  I did feel that the Megaman-style acquisition of boss weapons was a little tacked on, though, since there's almost no use for them outside of boss fights.  The default weapon, in all its upgradable forms, is more than equal to most of your needs, and is much more fun to use.I played the game on normal, and though the levels themselves were mid-range in difficulty, I found most of the boss battles to be pretty hard.  The final boss is just outright tough, no matter how you slice it, and my victory over her left me with a sharp twinge in the forearm attached to my button-mashing hand.  Despite the tagging, this is not a ""casual"" game by any means, unless you are some kind of steely-balled Platform God, in which case allow me to say, ""forgive me for my filthy casual ways, master!""Cute, smooth, and extremely enjoyable.  It was a fine complement to my morning megamug of Young Hyson green tea for at least five days!"
76561198032121256,Recommended,420770,23814016,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Thiridian,"So nice I bought this game twice (first on the DS and now on Steam)Originally I honestly bought it cause I loved Zizou's design. But I grew to quickly love this overall and now I think I'm a fan of the final boss. XDBasics: Megaman styled game with Gradius powerup options. And instead of getting items to refill your gauges, all you have to do is just do damage to the enemy. Meaning that even if you've messed up and died and you're at the boss, you can still regain some of your power so you aren't moving at a snail's pace.Good quality 16 bit graphics. The animation quality itself is pretty fluid as well.An all female cast with emphasis on cuteness sold this game for me at the start.Controller highly recommended. (Works great with one of those Retro SNES pads!)"
,Recommended,420770,29185797,Posted: 11 January,all,Netsuki,"As an experienced ""Danmaku"" (Bullet Hell) player i find this game really nice. The game is challenging but easy to master. Once you get the hang of the controls and the best thing to upgrade during some situations the game becomes so easy.. Most of the bosses moves are pretty predictable in my opinion except for the Librarian and RivaThen again this is just my PERSONAL OPINIONIf you really like platformers and stuff this is the game for you! The Pixel art is awesome aswell!"
,Recommended,420770,19608536,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,ImDonski,"I remember when I had a few dollars in my eShop wallet and just bought this game because I could. But now The Legend of Dark Witch has become one of my favourite games for the 3DS. I noticed little changes between the 3DS and PC versions of the game, but they're not that big. I have played countless hours of this game on my 3DS and now I'm happy to have this game for the PC as well so I can play it when I'm in the zone. If I had to rate The Legend of Dark Witch, I would give it a 9/10. It's different from other games and it's not too hard to get good at so it's perfect for anyone looking to have some fun but also want to play a good game at the same time."
,Recommended,420770,29300827,Posted: 16 January,all,Tallcat,Difficult Megaman-esque action platformer. Lots of jumping and shooting. Pretty fun.
,Recommended,420770,19889263,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Gwenyvier,"This is not the best game, but it is not a bad game either. It seems to more or less be a port from the 3DS, which is significantly better than a mobile port that tries to translate taps and swipes into mouse movements. It is similar to Megaman with some RPG elements thrown in for flavor. Kill a boss, steal its weapon, another boss is weak to your new toy, rinse repeat.The game starts out... odd. It opens in a tiny window that you can change when you hit the options, I turned full screen on and never had that issue again. It also starts by dropping you into a black screen that tells the controls, stays on that for a few seconds then goes to the title screen, no screens to tell who made the game or anything.There are 3 difficulties, Hard is unlocked by beating the game on Normal first. There is an unlockable character, which I don't have yet, although I hear they play differently. And various goodies by beating levels/the game certain ways. The options menu has a few interesting things on it besides the normal stuff. Screen scrolling time (up and down, left and right) and  jumping options (either always the same height or varies by how long you hold the button). Nothing really special to mention, it's an option menu.The story is sparse, very sparse. If you are looking for a deep story this is so not the game for you. The mcguffins have disappeared, you are trying to find the mcguffins. Hunt down bosses, ask about mcguffin, fight. That is about it.The music is decent, nothing bad but in all honestly I can't remember a single song I've heard. There is some minor voice acting, but it is only before a boss fight, and unless you speak Japanese you're not going to know what was said as there's no subtitles for the lines.The game looks nice! All the sprites are nicely designed, although some are used multiple times (I have seen at least 3 variations of the ""pitchfork man"", palette swap and different attack pattern). The levels all look different and are fitting of the theme of the area. At the beginning of each level it is like you're in a VR world/hologram until you hit a white line then everything switches over to the area's design... which has not been explained. The game also runs at a smooth 60FPS on my system, and I so do not have a good system, so it should run very nicely for most people.And now the most important part! The controls and how it plays! The controls are obviously a port over from the 3DS. If you've ever played a flash game the keyboard controls should be easy enough to pick up. ZXCV are your attack, jump, install(upgrade), and attack menu. AS let you quick swap to the previous/next attack type. Arrows are movement. The spacebar of all bloody things is the pause button, which makes absolutely zero sense to me. In every other game pause is either escape or P, why is it the spacebar here? The controls can NOT be changed. Ok, I take that back, they can... you can change which of the ZXCV keys does what, you can not change the movement keys, pause, or the next/previous weapon keys. The game also has controller support, which I did not try out, but I imagine work just fine seeing as the original game was designed for a system that has a controller. Any prompts given in game are taken straight from the 3DS version, so expect it to say ""hit the A/B/X/Y key to do this"".You can autofire by holding the attack button, and that will clear the way through most of any given level. That is actually a little disappointing. There are hazards to dodge, and some enemies that you can't hit without either a weapon upgrade/change or waiting for their shield to drop, but autofiring will get you through a majority of any given level. I've gotten hurt more on hazards that were hard to dodge than any non-boss enemy. Autofiring will not work on the bosses, they get invincibility frames and their attacks are harder to dodge than the trashmobs in the levels. There is also a blocking mechanic that is poorly explained in game. Pretty much you perfect guard by tapping left or right (doesn't matter which) right as a projectile would hit you. Get it right and you get a small amount of XP and don't get hit, get it wrong and you lose a chunk of XP and lose some HP. You're better off dodging the attacks in my opinion.There are also plenty of instant kill pits around, and you get knocked back when hit, so you can see where that goes.DO NOT Alt+Tab out of the game or it closes the game entirely! Shift+Tab works just fine, but Alt+Tab closes out the window for some reason. Oh, and to exit the game it tells you to Alt+F4... which I find cute.The leveling system is interesting. You gain XP (tres) from killing enemies and it fills the bar at the bottom of the screen, and if you want the upgrade that is highlighted in red you hit the install key to use up all the XP to get it. You can't get previous ones if a higher level one is highlighted. The install upgrades are temporary and are gone if you die/finish a level. Also any XP not used you can use outside of levels for permanent upgrades which include more lives, get more XP from enemies, more HP, upgrades to weapons, etc. Your special weapons, the ones you steal from bosses, use XP as their ammo, so fire them wisely if you're trying to get an upgrade. Oh, and since I mentioned HP, there are no health items. If you get hit that HP is gone until you die or finish the level.Overall I like the game, it's fun and challenging and the bosses are great fun to fight. I find the life system arbitrary, especially since I lose all my temporary upgrades and most of the XP bar upon death. But that aside I'll be finishing this game. And remember, don't Alt+Tab!"
76561198047656247,Not Recommended,420770,23834898,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,playerzwei,"It's megaman with a gradius-style power-up system. It sounds like a great idea on paper, but it's very poorly executed. The primary issue is that the way the game sets up checkpoints works directly against the player, because it only recovers their position, and not the upgrades they had at that point. This means that, when you reload a checkpoint, you're effectively starting from that point of the game at a severly under-powered state. On top of this, the game is clearly lacking a lot of polish. Translation is clumsy, there are a lot of game objects that feel like they're missing animations, sound quality is a mixed bag, level pacing is awkward, etc....At the end of the day, it's not an offensively terrible game, but it's too mediocre to be worth recommending. There are plenty of games out there which are far more deserving of your time and money."
,Recommended,420770,27379885,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dark Striker Bladevolt,"About the game:The Legend of Dark Witch is a 2D platformer made by INSIDE SYSTEM.You play as the goddess Zizou Olympia, who searches for the stolen Syega, powerful crystals which gives humans the ability to use magic.Gameplay:You can chose at the beginning one from 6 Stages, once you've cleared all you can play the last 2 Level.In each Level you need to fight your way through a variety of nice designed enemies and other obstacles until you reach the Boss at the end.If you defeat the boss you will receive a special weapon which is very effective against another boss, similar to the Mega Man games.Hitting and killing enemies with your attacks will slowly fill the so called ""Install"" Gauge, which can be used for temporary Power-Ups, like more speed, shot range or attack power.You'll also collect Tres, which can be used in a Shop for permanent upgrades like extra hearts or weapon enhancements.A average playthrough, depending on the difficulty mode, should take something between 1-3 hours.Once you've beaten the game for the first time it will unlock a few things.The first thing is a new playable Character with a different Playstyle, Story and a new final boss.The other is the Syega-Shop, where you can buy with Syega gained for completed playthroughs gallery modes and other things, similar to the Grade-Shop in the ""Tales of"" Series.You can also bet your Syega on a Poker minigame if you want.If you're up for a Challenge, you can also try to complete the ""Playing-Levels"", which are basicly the achievements for this game.Each of them unlocks Concept-Art.This motivates to play it multiple times.Pros:-Good Character Design-Excellent Soundtrack-Challenging Levels-High replayability-low priceCons:-Only 8 StagesRating:8/10I recommend it for anyone who likes platformer and Mega Man games."
,Recommended,420770,19970137,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Eren.YeagerBOMB,I had a lot of fun with this game. It doesn't take long to complete but the higher difficulty levels can be a challenge and the in-game achievements add an element of fun for any completionists (like myself). I'm so glad they added Steam achievements. This game has a lot of replay value; I highly recommend getting it. You won't be disappointed.
76561197982853347,Recommended,420770,21504342,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Woodman,"Cute, Anime-Styled Action Platformer. It's basically Megaman Uguu Edition. But even Megaman gives you health drops now and then, here you get no such thing.Once you get the hang of it, it's not really that hard.....well....except the final level.Here's hoping they release the secound one on Steam as well!!!"
,Recommended,420770,26893777,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Pache,"The Legend of Dark Witch may not be largest game around, but where it lacks size it defeats any competition with how good all of it's elements are knit together. Controls are tight and responsive, music is catchy and groovey, graphics are nice and cute...Going in better detail now:Gameplay: while at first game seems to be sraight-up Megaman clone, it adds new system to the mix. Many games these days use pseudo-RPG progression with skill-shops and all that, but here, you have TWO progressions. One is more global, letting you increase health points, life number and so on. Other one, however, allows you to upgrade for the duration of current level, provided that you destroy enemies and don't get hit. The better you play, more powerful you get, and if you want some special challenge, you can easily ignore it.Graphics: pixel-art is overused in modern games, but GOOD pixel-art isn't. This game has GOOD pixel-art. Gorgeous, excellent, whatever floats your boat. Backgrounds are nice and diverse, animation is fluid, it's just good. No nitpicks possible.Music and sounds: soundtrack is one of the catchiest I hear last years, and, like everything else, it always fits current situation. Sounds are nice too, not irritating, clear, especailly jump SFX - it's so lightweight and pure~Overall: this game is true hidden gem on Steam, and whoever stumbles upon it (provided this person likes platformers) should seriously consider buying it."
,Recommended,420770,23186545,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Spoopy Akko,"I think this game is great! It is SUPER hard where you are not easy mode, but becuase of this it reminds me of a retro game. My only problem is that the ""skills"" you get dont really feel like they add up and give you more powers, except the boss powers."
,Recommended,420770,20948459,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Formedras,"Think about this: Megaman + Gradius. Got it? Like it? Good. Because that's this. You can start drooling now.Prefixed TL;DR: Buy this game. Seriously. Just go get it.Story story yada yada Come on we don't play these for the story. We play them, love them, and THEN get into the story.There's six stages to choose from (I recommend going up against Klinsy first), and you get the bosses' attack after you defeat them. It's also a 2D platform shooter. So there's the Megaman bit.The Gradius bit: When you destroy enemies and hit bosses, little butterflies called Tres pop out. Catch them and they fill a meter (though bit by bit instead of a full section at a time). If you're using Liner Shot or Comet (the basic weapons) when the enemy dies, the Tres home in to you; if not, they fly up and away. Fill the meter to the section that you want, press the Install button (3DS A, Xbox B), and that aspect gets powered up. Speed makes you go faster, Wing lets you hover, Liner and Comet switch to that basic weapon (or add simultaneous shots), and Power makes your Liner/Comet attacks stronger.It's a great combination. The text is funny when it can be and serious when it needs to be. The gameplay itself and controls are tighter than anything but an SNES Megaman X.When it comes right down to it, there's a very small number of games that compel me to play it again and again even after getting a 100% clear. This game is one of them. So is its (currently 3DS-only, but bet on it coming to Steam) sequel that bumps the stage count up and gives you far more customization options. I'm still actively playing both, with this on both Steam and 3DS! There are two things I'm bummed about. First is the pretty obvious doujin-like failing in screen size and fullscreen. The other which I won't bash is actually a fixed bug that on the 3DS let you use the Dia Missile to gain Install meter (but not actual Tres).So, go scroll up now and buy this game."
76561198100846469,Recommended,420770,31018048,Posted: 8 April,all,Ad Infinitum,Megaman turned into Magical Girls..What's not to love? There's also poker. Just saying..
76561198243584436,Recommended,420770,28041087,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,cold bread,its good
76561198010640564,Recommended,420770,19452363,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Goose Glue,it's pretty fun and is challenging. definitely worth 5 bucks. Here is some Gameplay if you are interestedsorry the first part had some weird audio issueshttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EPvJRjqcvB4https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q-N0WTDR5nM
,Recommended,420770,23005108,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Eh?,"Extremely fun game, Great for any megaman lovers out there. Recommended for sure."
,Recommended,420770,20593035,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,MindfulOcean,"This game is a fun, if occasionally frustrating, platformer.  It's cute, it's short, and it's fun.  Well worth picking up on sale.  I didn't care for the playstyle of the second character you unlock after clearing the game, and as of the time I'm writing this review, fullscreen doesn't quite work like it should.  But this game is still well worth picking up on sale if you like anime-themed platformers."
,Recommended,420770,23588843,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Big Chungus,"A fun game that's reminiscent of the Mega Man classic (powers are obtained when you beat the bosses) and X (dashing with Riva) series.One thing I like about it is that unlike most Mega Man games, you can choose the difficulty you want (easy, normal, and lunatic a.k.a hard).If the game is too easy for you on all difficulties, try playing the game on lunatic with Riva (the range on her Colbalt Fire is very short without upgrading it with pura syega) while having dangerous mode on (an unlockable ''upgrade'' that doubles the damage when you get hit) and collecting no pura syega. Have fun! (you need to beat the game at least once)But if that's way too hard for you, play as Zizou on easy.UPDATE: The sequel was just greenlit for Steam."
76561198132473019,Recommended,420770,25704331,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Raiden,"This game is hard.It's important that I say that first because on everything above easy will kill the health drops and throw more projectiles on screen.That being said -The ost is amazing, in fact you should probably just listen to them quick just for good measure.The gameplay is very solid, and once you invest a couple of hours in, you'll do pretty well.There's an interesting and conflicting speedrun helper.I'd suggest that you buy this, if only to encourage them to put the second up on steam, it clears pretty much all my complaints from this one"
,Recommended,420770,27552646,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ParmesanSean,good game
76561198160868511,Recommended,420770,19610404,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Strayed Lynx,"An excellent Mega Man style platformer game that was originally released on the 3DS,here what it's got going for it.-Pretty good graphics,the levels and the sprites of the characters and enemies look really good.-Tight controls.A good soundtrack that fits the mood of the game really well.-Multiple difficulty settings will allow everyone to enjoy the game,regardless of their skill level.-A second playable character that's unlocked after beating the game,it has an original moveset,different from that of the protagonist.-A neat character progression system that allows you to permanently upgrade them and the possibility to unlock some additional bonus and moves after you beat the game.The boss battles are pretty good and they function similarly to the ones in megaman games.Highly raccomanded."
76561198163635031,Recommended,420770,19496379,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,니코니코니 ♪,"this is great game to pick up if you are tired of FPS and MOBA game franchise to play without a stress and have fun!normal mode is bit challenging but it's not impossibleif you get the mechanics down, this game is very enjoyable :D"
76561198260790186,Recommended,420770,19444492,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,IkkyLegend,"The Legend of Dark Witch is an awesome Mega Man-like. The upgrade meter, which fills as you defeat enemies and decreases when you take damage, adds a bit of risk-and-reward to the game. The game contains a lot of content to encourage repeat playthroughs, including a second playable character, the tough-as-nails Lunatic mode, and (exclusive to this port!) the ability to save ghost data.The characters and general aesthetic are very cute, and the game's interface is now in full HD. The music is top notch as well.Highly recommended for anyone who is looking for a challenging platformer, a game to speedrun, or just plain likes cute girls."
,Not Recommended,420770,19537011,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Daeladrenn,"I want to like this game, I really honestly do, but with the problems it has, and VERY big ones at that, I am having a hard time with liking it.Pros: If you like Gradius, this game is for you, if you liked Mega Man and identifying boss patterns from each boss, you'll like this game. There are hidden objectives and an upgrade screen, which is nice.Neutral: If you die once you lose ALL upgrades, even at boss. I'm not sure if it's like this in Gradius where if you died you lose everything, but if I remember correctly you would lose a level of power ups you had previously.Cons: Crashes every odd numbered patch. Cannot load it every odd numbered patch for some reason, yet when it's an even number patch it works fine. Causes even Steam to crash to the point of where you cannot run any other game until you can close out this game's .exe files (which mine at the time of this writing it's still up and I was able to close ONE of the three). I'm running Windows 7 so this should not be happening next to at all. About the game con being don't always rush to the boss, because you'll fail on some boss mechanics.Right now I cannot recommend it, but would the developer PLEASE be more consistent with the positive patch results rather than the negative side effects of the patch that it was intended for. I want to play it, but since due to patching I can't really play it as often as I would want to."
,Recommended,420770,22772524,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,???,Where is episode 2???
,Recommended,420770,27395816,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,MayDonutLover,"If you're a fan of the Mega Man/Rockman series, this game will be up your alley!  And if you also like Gradius/R-Type styled games, this game is also for you!  It's a great game with amazing mechanics, and the learning-curve is perfectly on par!  Is it tough?  Oh yes!  But that's part of this game's charm!  And, it has TONS of replayability!  So, if you don't mind Japanese voice-acting (which I absolutely LOVE, honestly), and you want something to wash out the taste of Mighty Number 9 out of your mouth, then I TOTALLY recommend ""The Legend of the Dark Witch""!  9/10 because the game IS a little short, despite the replayability."
,Recommended,420770,19738831,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Aruz,"It's not bad, the comparisons to Megaman aren't wrong since it has similar gameplay. There are no health items (unless you're playing on easy) so the game can be pretty unforgiving. For its price it gives a fun short experience that I can't really complain about. Nothing amazing, but still enjoyable."
76561198151396009,Recommended,420770,25518627,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Candy The Wolf,"WHY AREN'T THEIR MORE REVIEWS FOR THIS GAME?!?!?!?The nostalgic old art design, the take on Megaman and RPG, the boss designs...I don't think some people would know a good game even if it to a dump on their carpet in front of them (bad use of words, but hear me out), its like people are losing their sense of game style and going all out for these pathetically pointless ""NEW GEN OH MY GERD"" call of duty esqua games!"
76561198152727086,Recommended,420770,19577048,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,moonstne,"A simple platformer that is at a good price, a good waste of a few hours."
76561198087661711,Recommended,420770,19517343,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,ShadowOfMidnai,"This game is phenominal, though insanely difficult at higher difficulies. I would recommend this to pretty much any person who is interested at all with platformers, casuals and hardcore gamers alike. I'd recommend Easy mode for casual gamers at first, though."
76561198353132559,Recommended,420770,29913019,Posted: 13 February,all,The Greedy Brickster,"Since I first found this game on the 3ds, has grown to like it very much. This would be a high game on my list."
76561198089843987,Not Recommended,420770,22769057,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Kuroda Nakamura,"As much as I was hoping to like this game, I can't recommend this one. A Megaman style game with a different spin? Yes please! Unfortunately, the difficulty in this game seems to come not from enemy strength or numbers, but on anything less than a perfect run. This game emphasizes on collecting currency known as ""tres"" from defeated enemies, which can then be use to aqcuire temporary upgrades, such as increased movement speed and attack power. This sounds pretty awesome on paper, but the execution is nothing less than painful.The main character moves painfully slow, so the first enhancement you'll naturally aim for is speed, which has different tiers of that you'll need to unlock. After you attain your fastest speed, the flow of the game feels much better, so maybe you'll aim for higher attack power, or an extra line of shots, making the dispatch of enemies easier. Great! But what happens if you die? YOU LOSE ALL OF THE ENHANCEMENTS. And if you died past an invisible checkpoint on the stage, you'll start off further down the stage with your default attack power and painfully slow speed, forcing you to build up more ""tres"" energy in a desperate attempt to get back the enhancements you lost.Now, you COULD technically respawn enemies by running back and forth, since they respawn once their default position is off screen, but why should anyone have to do that? Would you even WANT to? That doesn't sound fun to me, it sounds tedious and breaks the immersion of the game. And if you die again? Well, you'll wind up running back and forth all over again, killing the same enemies until you get the enhancements back. And if you die against the boss (which you will) you don't get to recollect ""tres"", so you're stuck fighting a boss at the default, wimpy, painfully slow version of yourself.I can appreciate the Megaman style with a different spin approach, but this temporary enhancement mechanic really breaks the game. Speed really is the single most important aspect of the game, and when you lose that speed because of a mistake, or just from good old trial and error of figuring out a boss, it really serves as a major handicap and immersion breaking. If you want to play a Megaman style game, I would say just to play a Megaman game."
,Recommended,420770,19520297,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,BryceX,"I dislike the combination of how the camera restricts your ability to hit enemies and that you can't act after taking damage until you land (or fall to your death).  One or the other is fine, but both feels unfair with the only work around being memorization.  Having to adjust my view (so I can tell if it's not a bottomless pit) sort of breaks the immersion for me.I also feel that certain enemies were introduced poorly with too many hazardous variables and far too late in the stage to be doing that type of thing.Dialogue is fully voiced.Enemy mooks could do with more variety per stage, but the ones that do exist are interesting in their own right.360 Controller support duly noted.With that being said, and as a platformer enthusiast, I don't regret buying this."
,Not Recommended,420770,22722151,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Cyber Angel,"I really wanted to recommend this game.  I really did.  This was Mega Man meets Gradius.  But an artificial difficulty that increases exponentially unless you are playing absolutely perfectly bogs this game down as being unfair.As mentioned, this is Mega Man meets Gradius.  As you defeat enemies, you gain points to spend to upgrade your abilities like in Gradius.  The more points you gather, the bigger the upgrade.  Unfortunately, if you get hit, you lose half of the points you currently have.  If you die, you lose all of your points and your hard-earned upgrades.This is at its worst during boss fights.  You enter the fight with whatever upgrades you have, but when you die you have begin with nothing.  This can be difficult against many bosses when you at least need to upgade your Speed once to dodge the boss's attacks.  But while you're gaining points for every Chip you knock off the boss's health, you're losing a lot of Upgrade Points because they're hitting you.  If you die once at a boss, it becomes an uphill battle.This is made even worse with the Special Weapons.  Like in Mega Man, you can acquire the weapons of the bosses.  The problems is that the Special Weapons get their energy from your Upgrade Points.  So any time you use your Special Weapons, your losing Upgrade Points that you need to upgrade yourself.  It's a bad mechanic that unneccessarily raises the difficulty.This mechanic pulls down the entire game.  And a lot of the problems step from that Upgrade Bar.  I like the idea, but its implimentation has turned a fun game into a frustrating game due to an artificial difficulty.  I'm hoping in future installments, the developer will take the criticism on the nose and use it to make a better, less cheap system.Oh, and as an added note, the Level Design was very lacking.  All of the levels may have looked different but they felt the same.  No hazards or obstacles that really distinguished itself from one another."
,Recommended,420770,19467517,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,PAN,megamantouhougradiusthirdstrike
,Not Recommended,420770,19498150,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Dekar,"+ Nicely drawn 2D sprites+ Responsible controls- NO full screen (WTF?)- Choppy scrolling, yes it stutters occasionally, which shouldn't happen in such a simple game. It stutters the same way as if  you're playing a 50hz game vsynced to 60hz. I'm sure not many will recognize this, but ultra-smooth scrolling in these types of games is essential.Played for 5 minutes before I quit. Will I ever play again? Maybe, if they fix the scrolling and add a full screen option."
,Not Recommended,420770,31605477,Posted: 7 May,all,Megumin,"Welcome boys & girls : so that game should NEVER be released, because : 1) command sucks very hard 2) PLAY ONE A XBOX360's COMMAND ?! ARE YOU FREAKING KIDDING ME ?!?! 2) Play with a keyboard is IMPOSSIBLE 3) You can't take your time (on DS you can because you know what key touch) The ONLY good point is : The character are beautifuls ^^"
76561198320215235,Recommended,420770,30047991,Posted: 19 February,all,Hijster,"The Legend of Dark Witch is a very hard game, but all of it's challenges can be overcome with perserverence. It requires quite a bit of trial and error, but every hazard and enemy is introduced at least once in a safe enviroment. Upgrades are available if you get stuck, but the entire game can be beaten without using any.Most of the games more unique elements complement its style of difficulty. Defeated enemies (and some destructable hazards) will yield ""tres"" that will fill the install gauge. By pressing the assigned button after the gauge is sufficiently full you can boost various parameters (for example movement speed and shot power) , alter your abilities (your default shot can become a spread shot in this way), or even gain new ones (specifically a glide skill). If you take damage you will lose half of your tres, but you will only lose the upgrades if you die or start a new stage. This mechanic rewards good gameplay and gives you incentive to dodge besides evading damage. On the note of damage, you can also block by pressing forward or backward a fraction of a second before you take damage. The timing is very stringent, so blocking will often only be a last resort, but with practice it becomes easier. This mechanic makes the trial and error element a little less punishing. If an attack catches you of guard (as they often will) you can block even if its to late to jump.The games graphics and sound are consistent, and it manages to stay visually interesting all throughout. The music is catchy and the tracks are long enough that few will loop more than once before you finish a segment. The game also has various unlockable gallaries of in game assets, often with creator commentary.If I had to criticize one element of the game it would be technical skills. After defeating a boss, you'll earn a technical skill. These act as alternate shots that other bosses are weak against. My problem is that they are USELESS.  All, except one, start out useless against every enemy except the bosses they are effective against. One of the worst skills will create a tornado where you stand. Then the tornado will proceed to stand there. It won't move forward, and without upgrades it won't extend high enough to hit most airborne enemies. You'll have to place it right in front of an enemy and hope that it materialises before you get hit. And that it doesn't fizzle out before an enemy touches it.  Worse still, using the useless skills isn't even free. Every time you use a technical skill it will cost you some tres, meaning that you risk losing access to useful abilites everytime you use a technical skill. On the flip side installing also means less tres for technical skills. The worst part is that you won't gain tres for enemies you defeat with technical skills. Add a dash of trial and error and you have a recipe for disaster against most bosses.That said I still think it's a good game overall. If you can bear the frustration of failure the fruits of success will be yours.Eventually..."
76561198071753285,Recommended,420770,33216272,Posted: 3 July,all,Crying Freeman,"It's an addictive mix of Megaman and Gradius with upgradable stats. When I say addictive I mean it- the game is extremely hard to put down. Like Megaman you choose your stage and get the killed boss abilities. What seperates it is it's XP and Gradius leveling systems. When you kill enemies you get ESP, which fills up an ability meter, and when you get to the ability you wanna use you select it ala Gradius. The ESP you get is also spent on upgrading ablilities from health to lives, making your boss weapons stronger and gain more ESP from the same kills etc. Each stage also has hidden crystals to find and you have three difficulty modes, so there's a lot of replay value here. If you're a fan of action platformers and shooters, definitely get it!"
