user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198048623723,Recommended,421050,32784793,Posted: 25 June,all,Skynred,"If you liked the first 3 Deponias, you're gonna like this one. BUT... it's slightly disappointing.Deponia Doomsday is probably as long as Goodbye Deponia--which means it's longer than the first 2 games of the series--but it's a lot easier. Too easy, in fact, although that's relative--personally, I like it when I get hopelessly stuck in an adventure game. It makes me think, pumps my brain and, for me, that's the whole point of playing this stuff (if you're not in the mood of literally getting a headache playing SpaceChem, TIS-100, and others of the sort...)The game's story is also very confusing. Some 2/3s into the game I gave up on trying to follow it and just kept going, focusing on each individual sequence, because the whole picture is a mess (the story is about time travel, so it's THAT kind of mess. By the end you have no idea how things turned out the way they did.)Also, I ran into 2 bugs. One that made me reload to a previous save because there was no way around it (so SAVE YOUR GAME before you go into the SAUNA) and the second had no impact, it was just a pickable item that was still there (after time reset and I got back into the same sequence of events) even though I already had it in my inventory. I don't recall running into any bugs whatsoever in the first 3 games of the series, so... I thought I should bring this up.Another thing: the minigames. There are less of them than in any other game of the series (I didn't actually count them, but I was left with that feeling) and they're not as inspired nor difficult as many of those found in the first 3 Deponia games. There's one in particular that they clearly put a lot of effort into, but it was a lot of work for not much of a payout.Finally, The Ending. Not to spoil anything, and to put it simply: it sucks. Hard.So, all in all, Doomsday is not the best game in the series, but it's still funny, still has a few parts when you have to think outside of the box (although nowhere near as far out there as in Deponia 2 and 3) and it's still a fun ride anyway. Goodbye Deponia remains the best of the series, though."
,Recommended,421050,21579397,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,ianneiriksson,"13 Hours, 20 minutes... Thats how long it took to beat this game. from start to finish, without worrying about achivements. This game I only found out 8 hours before release that it would become available. Let me tell you what I hated about this game-Confusing puzzles that made almost no sence-playing this game with no sleep for 13 hours straight-The wierd minigames-The 3-5 bugs I found that were voice acting bugs and glitches.Now let me tell you what makes this game one of the leaders of the Deponia franchise.-They know what everyone hated about the ending-they made sure you knew why they made this game-they made sure you understand exactly why your complaints are heard and this game... informs you exactly what deponia is about. A story of the ages that though can be played an infinate times, will always end the same way. That is destiny, that is fate. And though we can fight it, in some cases maybe we should not.Deponia is a story about using your wits (or lack thereof) in almost impossible odds. If it were not for google translate, great friends, and a lot of immagination, this game would have easilly taken me twice as long... I played this game... I beat this game... I love this game... You should play to understand exactly why this game is Daedalic entertainments best installment so far. You should play, because it is fun and challenging and makes you feel like a champion at the end... even though you risk... or lose it all.TL;DR10/10 Would lose sanity over this game again."
,Recommended,421050,32017686,Posted: 28 May,all,Flare,"Ah, Deponia Doomsday. I really like this Game, because:Has a Good StoryPlatypus ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)Like AnimationsPlatypus ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)It's FunnyPlatypus ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)Sadly, i Think it's the last Deponia :(I really want Deponia 5. :D"
,Recommended,421050,21589765,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Marbass,"All internet criedHow third game had diedWith it's s**tty ending,And devs were to blame.So now rejoice!Because you have chanceTo change that last endingWhile playing this game!Huzzah! Another great game!"
,Recommended,421050,21655673,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Dr. Dolor™,"(EDIT)I have seen a lot of ""Not recommended""... I can imagine that a lot of them if not all of them are because they are not satisfied with the ending.TL;DR:+ Get this game if you want some more Rufus, laughs and crazy situations like in the other games.- Don't get this game if you want a better ending than Goodbye Deponia.I just completed the game and WTF DAEDALIC!!!!Still, I enjoyed the game overall, it's a good deponia game. If you liked the previous games, then definitely don't miss out this one.This is a good game, although it's not a so good sequel for Goodbye Deponia.Massive SPOILERS about this game ahead, only read if completed:Since the release announcement of this game, Daedalic gave you the hope to change ending from the previous game for another better one. Little do you know it ends the exact same, the point of the whole game is to try and show you that no matter what you try everything comes to an end, and if you try to change it maybe something worse can happen... at least that's how I saw it... but c'mon, they knew what all their fans wanted and they could easily have given it to them, but instead they give exactly the same ending as before (well, not exactly, but almost the same).It is not until after seeing the ending that you feel empty and realize all you have done (which is a lot) has lead to practically nothing... Then you try to cope with it thinking that it could have been worse, and then you feel empty again because it doesn't fill that hole. The reason why I recommend this game is because I had fun overall playing it and it has all the good things that the other games had, and I liked them a lot.The ending is not THAT bad if you managed to get over the Goodbye Deponia ending though, just like I did.I really hope/wish there's a sequel, and in case they plan on doing it, I really look forward to know more about it."
76561198113756654,Not Recommended,421050,21625958,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Yann1000,"Despite being shocked I had come to accept the ending of the third installment.How Rufus sacrifices himself in order to save everbody else.So I was intrigue by this fourth installment which seemed to promise a happier ending. I bought it and was utterly disapointed.I was hoping for more interactions between Rufus and Goal, which I always looked forward to, but we barely get anything. It's not even good because its from a Rufus and Goal who haven't met before so there no actual character developement, just a rehash of their development in previous games, execpt not as good.So what about the ending?Basicaly it's a f*ck you because the ending does not change, in fact it gets worst as now you know most of Elysium dies two years after Rufus dies, making his sacrifice really worthless since thats exactly what he was supposed to prevent by sacrficing himself . What makes it worst is the developers leaving not so subtle hints about accepting the orginal ending and not trying the change it. At the end it feels like the developers are saying: ""You should accept the ending of the third game and it's you're fault for buying this one in hopes of a different one because it will be worst"". It feel like we're being punished for buying this game.This game does not need to exists and feels like a cash grab and a sort of revenge for the backlash of the ending of the third game."
76561198031387862,Not Recommended,421050,32657330,Posted: 22 June,all,[-Toka-],"Sigh... I must say I enjoyed playing Deponia Doomsday a lot. I had a good laugh, art is still beautiful, english dubbing is still great due to same voice actors. Hell I even enjoiyed those puns from Daedalic. (Spoilers ahead) Unfortunatelly all this joy is killed again by the ending. Yes, I'm one of those ranters who hates trilogy ending and wishes for happy one. I really enjoyed those puns, but the more the story progressed, the more this game felt like a cashgrab and big ♥♥♥♥ you from developers. Allow me to quote another reviewer, who perfectly sums up my feelings.""I commend the developers for wanting to stick to their vision, and for what they were trying to do with Doomsday, but at the end of the day they don’t manage to fix almost any of the other criticisms, which makes this game redundant. And that’s what is; a redundant joy. It doesn’t need to exist. It doesn’t add anything to the story. It doesn’t add anything of value to the relationship between Rufus and Goal. It doesn’t justify, explain or otherwise strengthen the ending. It doesn’t expand the world’s lore. It never needed to be made, and it stinks of a company who maybe regret wrapping up their most successful franchise and who wanted one last monetary hurrah, and of writers who struggled to deal with the dislike for their clumsily executed ending to the original trilogy.  If you loved the previous games like me go ahead and pick this one up. Just be sure to understand what you’re getting, because if you buy it seeking closure you’re going to be left disappointed."""
,Recommended,421050,28962491,Posted: 2 January,all,PeachBeachSplash,"To really understand whether or not you would enjoy Deponia Doomsday, you have to understand Deponia. A trilogy of point-and-click adventure games (Deponia, Chaos on Deponia, and Goodbye Deponia) that was initially planned as one huge game but was split into three for budgetary reasons (although the scope of each part also expanded because of this).The trilogy as a whole (which you can convieniently find bundled together on Steam as Deponia: The Complete Journey) is my favorite point-and-click game ever, featuring a colorful cast of characters, well-written humourous dialogue, puzzles galore (although there is the ever-present ""adventure game logic""), an interesting world, and a beautiful artstyle.Now you may be asking yourself ""So if Deponia is a trilogy, why does this game exist? Is it like a cash grab or something?"" To that I say: ""Maybe"". But I think more than that, it is a letter to fans. A letter simply saying ""♥♥♥♥ you"". See, the ending to the Deponia trilogy was... let's just say controversial (amongst people who played it) and had many people clamor for a long time for a ""better ending"". And after many years, Daedalic responded. With this game, essentially creating a 10-hour lecture on why the original ending was good. So this puts you in three camps regarding whether you should play this game:1) ""I liked the original ending!"" - This is where I was, and I was in fact quite worried that this game would muck up the story. Without getting into specifics, I'll just say it manages things well. This game is full of more Rufus misadventures, coupled with tons of new locations and a few new characters, with your new main companion (McChronicle) being really well done. I enjoyed his presence quite a bit, even though he gets phased out of the story towards the end. Some really fun puzzles as well, but what really stood out to me was the over creativity when it came to the locations and plot. Believe me, you won't see where things end up going when you start the game. An excellent return to the world of Deponia without giving in to angry fans. If you did enjoy the original ending though, you might get sick of the constant preaching about it, but there's still tons of new stuff to keep you interested.2) ""The original ending sucked!"" - Well sorry, this isn't much better. I will say I do think the case for the original ending being the way it is is made quite well. I can definitely see someone changing their minds on the original ending after playing this game, and I assume that's what the developers intended. Even if your mind isn't swayed, it's another very long, very creative Rufus adventure, so you'll enjoy that at least.3) ""I've never heard of Deponia"" - Check out Deponia: The Complete Journey on Steam. This game won't make any sense at all unless you've played the previous games."
76561198072182182,Recommended,421050,21696323,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Zeebrax the Astral Lifejacket,"The issue cannot be avoided; the question of whether many of you will purchase this game will hinge on whether it changes an ending you dislike.  It is important, I think, for you to know itdoes notbefore you buy; that much is only fair.  However, as a former member of the ""I hate that stupid ending!"" camp, I strongly urge you to giveDeponia Doomsdaya play, as you will otherwise not only miss one of the best adventure games of this decade, but will forego a massive amount of story and character development that puts certain things in context -- and gives a whole new perspective on the shocking end of Rufus' saga as seen inGoodbye Deponia.Deponia Doomsdayis unquestionably the best Deponia game and most likely the best point-and-click in Daedelic's estimable library.  Its puzzles are brilliant, walking the line between between transparent fairness and lunatic absurdity with unwavering perfection.  It has a more spot-on translation than any Daedelic game to date, and considering how well-done many of their games are in that regard -- particularly the other Deponias -- that says a lot.  As any veteran Elysian geneticist will assure you, it has the funniest gags in the whole series.  It has more varied environments, more lavish animations and even more minigames than any previous Deponia or Daedalic game.  I encountered no bugs, and this is surprising as even the best adventures (like all games) tend to have their share.  What is most important, it has a terrific story, one so wonderfully, maniacally convoluted that it could be mistaken for a cracked Metal Gear Solid -- and looking beyond Poki's impressive feats of Kojima-esque plot engineering, it provides something truly vital for hardcore Deponia fans:  a meatier build-up to, and greater rationale for, Rufus' ultimate decision inGoodbye Deponia.  It completely changed how I felt about the end of the previous game, and I consider that no small accomplishment.Deponia Doomsdayis a stroke of genius; it's as good as the genre gets.  I know that I will never get any new Rufus adventures, but I look forward to playing back through the series someday with the renewed appreciation that this amazing installment has granted me.  Perhaps if we are lucky (and we stop bombarding Poki with our demands and thus burning him out on the whole thing), we will get to experience the world of Deponia through the eyes of some other character in the future, like Goal or maybe even Bozo.  One can only hope!"
76561198048720572,Recommended,421050,21593639,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Tovarishch Kot,"Appearance of this game was very unexpected. When Daedalic Entertainment made an announcement I started to wait for this game and check its Steam page every day. And this day has come!I bought it and installed immediately when it became available. What have I seen? Good old heros, funny new characters, new stories and traditional Huzzah song!This game has still its charming humour, nice music and interesting puzzles. And this time I solved all of them without any assistance. It is really pleasantly! I don't think that the game is easier than the previous parts but maybe I have improved my quest skill :-)The game has so many story turns, and so it is quite possible that you will need to pass it again :-) And enjoy more!It is sad that there is only one Huzzah song this time. But, I hope that creators just have left them to the future parts! The story must go on! :-)Good luck and have fun!"
76561198103753297,Not Recommended,421050,26414410,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,martijnhoekstra,"If you enjoyed the original trilogy, but not the original ending, you will most likely enjoy this game as well.If that isn't you, you probably won't.It's gameplay and gags are very similar to the originals, both for the better and for the worse - the slap stick is there, the puzzles (some of which more satisfying than others, ranging from simple, to satisfying, to ""try to use everything with everything else multiple times"")  are there.I'm not too enarmoured with the story. It has two, related, main problems.(spoilers for the original games ahead)In the way I saw the original 3, our proteganists flaws are presented as that of a lovable oaf. But as the game progresses, his selfishness kept shining through more and more, to the point where the lovable in lovable oaf starts being called in to question.For the disasters upon disasters that follow Rufus wherever he goes, we initially forgive him, because they stem from stupidity, inability to consider consequences for him and everyone around him, and clumsiness rather than malice. When that pattern evolves in to disasters stemming from an utter disregard for anyones interest other than his own, the forgiveness becomes a lot harder to justify.That point is driven home by him being a literal clone of the entire organon army, and the antagonist, who differs from Rufus only in background: personality-wise, they are both selfish, ruthless, and willing to sacrifice all around them to reach their goal of repectively reaching Elysium and Utopia. Even when acting out of love, they're acting out of the selfish love of ""getting the girl"".Rufus final redemption comes at the end of part 3, which has him sacrificing his life to save Elysium - and Goal and Cletus with that. With Rufus finally, for the first time in his live doing the right thing, this is also an implicit redemption of Cletus, who, after all, is identical to Rufus. That gives the ending the silver lining that while ""real"" Rufus may have sacrificed himself, Goal is saved and (presumably) happy with Cletus, who is also Rufus, and thus shares in Rufus' redemption. If we accept Cletus as a surrogate for Rufus, everybody gets their happy ending.The strength of the story-telling makes us forgive the games flaws in sometimes insane and illogical puzzles.This is not a universally accepted option, many people really disliked the ending which I personally considered the strongest part of the trilogy. That many people didn't ""accept"" the end is the entire reason for this game existing.The problem with this game, is that we have a post-redemption Rufus. Rather than the player initially just mistaking Rufus for a lovable idiot, he actually is a lovable idiot. That makes for a much less interesting character, and a much less satisfying storyline.I don't think Daedalus disagrees: the first 2/3 of the game seems very pre-occupied with telling you you should have liked the original ending of the trilogy, in subtle and less subtle ways, and not only many of the gags attempt to drive this point home, the entire story is about the consequences of doing things differently. That starts getting annoying.Deponia:Doomsday is an OK-ish point and click adventure. It has some good puzzels. It has some bad ones. It has some good gags. It has some that fall flat. It has an OK-ish story. It has an OK-ish funny but flat proteganist.With an ok-ish everything, no aspect of the game for me is strong enough to lift the lacking parts from the swamp of mediocricity. That makes me ultimately land on not recommend.For people who haven't played the first three, there are too many references and in-jokes for the game to be really enjoyable.For people who have played the first three, and enjoyed them, I can recommend this game only if you didn't like the original ending.That's too small a niche to give a blanked recommend for me."
,Not Recommended,421050,21636105,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,PeeperSpookHat,"""Remember all those people who absolutely despised the ending to Goodbye Deponia? I'm positive that if we make a new game and advertise it as a way to change the ending to the previous game people will buy it!""From the promotional material to the pricetag to the game itself wherein you'll realize the direction you're heading in halfway through is a large♥♥♥♥ Youdirected at the fans who had a problem with the ending to the former Deponia trilogy. The game may havegood level design, engaging and talented voice-actors along with atmospheric music, however, I cannot recommend this game in good faith unless you care not for the story or the developers' flippant and blatant disrespect for their fanbase."
76561198024969911,Recommended,421050,21925994,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Yendor,"I enjoyed this game very much.  It is suggested to play Deponia 1-3 (conveniently available as Deponia Complete) first as this game references that one.Let me address the one thing that will cause people to not like the game. The narrator, at the very beginning of the game, clearly says ""You already know is has a bad ending so suck it up princess!""  So, no, this game is not an opportunity to pretend the earlier ending never happened.But if you want to see all the trouble that Rufus can get into with a time machine, or to see what Elyssium is actually like, or just want more Rufus and Goal, grab this one. It has dark humor, obscure puzzles, fun and mayhem, and all the things that adventure gamers like about adventure games."
76561198076614905,Not Recommended,421050,21630222,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,KaeseSchnitte,"The game is very well made. The art is as good as ever, the jokes are good, the story is good and the riddles are good enough. Why I'd still not recommend this game is a spoiler, so be warned.I want to make clear that my assessment of this game is of emotional nature. The story is good, the graphics are good, the jokes are good, the gameplay is good. But based on the emotions this game is going for, I am not recommending it.I really feel like the ending is the downfall of this game. I wont play this game again, as I wont play the other Deponia games again, simply because I don't see a reason to make myself feel ♥♥♥♥♥♥ again.Why would I?The game has achieved everything it wants to achieve. It wants you to feel ♥♥♥♥♥♥, it wants you to accept that there is no happy ending. It lures you in with its commedial surface, so much so that you don't notice that this game is actually a tragedy. The commedial aspect gives you hope that everything will turn out well, despite the fact that even the intro to this game tells you that this is going to be a tragedy. So this game is hands down a masterpiece story-wise, as is the whole Deponia franchise.But I don't like it. And anyone who wants a happy end wont like it. So if you are looking for a happy end, don't buy this game."
76561197978587390,Not Recommended,421050,21607151,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Lach,"*Spoilers*This game is misleadingly advertised and I feel like an idiot for buying it. I really didn't like the ending of Deponia 3, I know some people like doom and gloom but I thought it didn't match the tone of the rest of the games and I had very strong feelings about it. Then suddenly there's a Deponia 4 which advertises itself as using time travel to fix the horrible ending of the third game, fantastic. Everyone on the forums was really happy about them changing that ending, so I bought the game.However, the game is basically a big '♥♥♥♥ you' to everyone who didn't like that first ending, and about halfway through the game you realise you've been tricked, and the game still has a horrible ending. I'm frustrated and because I got the game on launch day I didn't find out via the forums about how bad the ending was until I was halfway through the game, so my refund request was rejected. It's really annoyed me.If you didn't like Goodbye Deponia, I highly discourage you from getting this game. The store page and the way it's advertised is misleading and wrong.""Can you change Deponia's fate?"" - No you ♥♥♥♥ing can't.""Do you have what it takes to change Rufus' past, present and future without accidently destroying the whole planet?"" - The exact same ♥♥♥♥ing thing as Deponia 3 happens.Don't ♥♥♥♥ with your fans like this. It's cruel."
76561198207191799,Not Recommended,421050,29123049,Posted: 8 January,all,Russ Cabbage,"As an ardent fan of the Deponia franchise, I bought this game the second I finished Goodbye Deponia. I absolutely loved the original trilogy, from the characters to the plot to the humor and, somewhat controversially, the ending. Yes, I liked the ending that fueled the creation of Deponia Doomsday and really didn't see the need for a fourth game, but nevertheless I was more than happy to play it just because I was absolutely obsessed with all things Deponia after I finished The Complete Journey.However, after completing it with about 15 hours on record, I simply cannot recommend it.Looking at it from an outsider's perspective as agameitself instead of a Daedalic game that I know and love (I had to think a lot before writing this review, for my opinion would probably be extremely biased in the game's favor because of my love for Rufus and Goal and etc etc.), I have to say... Deponia Doomsday is just not a very good game.The GoodOf course, the humor is the same, as well as the fantastically witty cast and voice acting; nothing's changed about that aspect. The puzzles are slightly easier than those of the first three games (which is convenient for those with dim-witted minds such as I), and the music is, as always, superb.The BadThe game isextremelybuggy, and by that I meanabsolutely frustratingly and mind-breakinglybuggy. There were multiple times when the game simply wouldn't allow me to continue because of some glitch, and I was forced to download save games from the Daedalic website in order to continue. It was as if the developers hardly even looked over the game before releasing it.The plot was pretty crap as well. Sure, it tied up maybe one or two loose ends but overall it was just kind of... dumb? I don't think that's the correct word to describe it, but it's part of it. It didn't add on anything new to the original story either, or build onto Rufus' character;you start the game back at square one Rufus. I was terribly disappointed to find that I was playing as undeveloped Rufus instead of the enlightened one you left off as in Goodbye Deponia, and playing as him inserted me with this feeling of hopelessness, because you're pretty much just playing him through another adventure in which he ends up just as he did in the previous game instead of further building onto his character.The story, to me at least, really felt like extra fluff and nothing else. It wasn't a new adventure; it was the same one but with explained results that the player explores through a series of behind-the-scenes-type puzzles.And, most prominently, the game is exceedingly overpriced. $30 for around 12-16 hours of gameplay? Luckily, I finished Goodbye Deponia just in time for a Steam Winter Sale and snagged it for only $15, which is still slightly more than I would've liked but very acceptable. $30, however, is quite ridiculous. There really isn't enough content to support that kind of price.TL;DRIf you're like me and just love the Deponia universe and characters and wish to see more of them just for the sake of it, get this game on sale. If you were happy with the ending to the trilogy and didn't really get that into the game, skip this one. It's not worth it as a game itself; only hardcore fans would thoroughly enjoy this."
76561198168259630,Recommended,421050,23975110,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Emily the Strange,"6.5/10 Honestly, it was enjoyable to play another Deponia game, but it was the weakest of the four games. I was so excited when I saw that there was another game, so I finally bought it. While I'm glad that I played through it, it didn't have as much of the charm that the other games had, nor did it have as much of the familiar humor that made them so thoroughly playable. I'll admit, it became very tedious at times. I am not always the biggest fan when it comes to time travel games, and this one became overly tedious because I had to keep replaying certain scenes so many times through. It became very monotonous (Much like this review..?) If you've played the other three games, I would definitely recommend buying it, especially if it's on sale. However, DO NOT start with this one. There is also a lot of humor that will be lost on you if you haven't already played through the other games. Something that I did enjoy was how the creators of the game explained everything so thoroughly, and wrapped up the ending so nicely. Everything came together in that confusing- yet very descriptive, backwards cliche of a used kleenex type of ending you only get when Rufus is involved.And yes, if you aren't annoyed yet, or haven't noticed, I tend to rate games that don't have their own ESRB rating, and do my best to remain as close to their rating system as possible.MATURE: Some Sexual Content/Brief Nudity, Suggestive/Sexual Dialogue, Language, Mild Violence. (In all honesty, the violence isn't anything more than a TEEN rating, it's more for the suggestive content and language that this earned a MATURE)."
,Recommended,421050,21923930,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,MelBee42,"A fitting return visit to an endearing worldDeponia Doomsday doesn't *exactly* carry on where the original Deponia trilogy left off, but it does use some relatively creatively ways to give us the opportunity to revisit the world and characters that people loved. It's a solid point and click adventure with a somewhat convoluted story, decent puzzles and interesting (if ridiculous) characters.What was great- Great length for a point and click- Puzzles zany enough for this type of game but not insanely hard- Beautifully drawn world- Mildly amusing (not laugh out loud funny)- Decent voice actingWhat was not so great- Some of the minigames were a bit tricky (however, you can skip them)- Story gets a little convoluted at times- Very little to interact with (usually only a couple of things per screen)It's worth commenting on the ending as some fans of the original series clearly did not like it - however, I thought in light of the first games that it was a fitting end. It gave me the feels, anyway. The ending is certainly not rushed and is dealt with with care and attention.If you have played through the original trilogy I would highly recommend picking this up. And if you haven't played the original games - buy them immediately (enjoy!)."
76561197986788965,Recommended,421050,28105256,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,{NSC} Art Vandelay,"After finishing the trilogy, I accepted the ending and moved on, sad that my time on Deponia was over.Now I've just finished Doomsday.  I have again accepted the ending, and am now doubly sad that my time on Deponia is, again, over.These games are incredible.  It's a real shame that there likely won't be anymore Deponia games.  For me, the journey was what made the game great."
,Not Recommended,421050,21634594,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,nightdrifter0,"I wanted to love this game I really did. But I felt like it was just amiddle fingerto anyone who felt dissatisfied about the ending to the trilogy. From the intro to the dialogue's not-so-subtle hints, you could tell where it was going,in a full circle that makes things even worse.I can't say I enjoyed this game from start to finish. I enjoyed the start, felt my heart sink at the intro, andcrashed about as hard as Rufus when he hits the ground for the last time.To anyone who wants a vague spoiler just highlight this final black bar as a warning before you consider this game.DE doesn't do happy endings! Don't tempt fate."
76561198199861889,Not Recommended,421050,25581032,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,RaymondVonGarlic,"I am a huge fan of the Deponia franchise, I would laugh, I would cry, and so on. Having said this, I believe that the world would've been much better without this installment. Don't get me wrong the game is great as a whole, but it feels so forced. Like it was only made to appease the fans who demanded more. In the end we are given the same feelings we were given after the ending of ""Goodbye Deponia"", sadness. Were sad to see such a masterpiece come to such a bittersweet end. We wanted more, we got more, but we are still hungry. I'm not sure if I recommend this game or not, it may be best to give it a pass."
,Recommended,421050,21944006,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,K[A]NE,Huzzah! This ending still sucks!
,Recommended,421050,21675953,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Zombik,"When I heard about this game, my first thought was ""Oh, but why? Wasn't the ending of the third one just perfect? Do they want to change it?"" I still bought it on the day of its release, because I couldn't pass the opportunity to play another Deponia game, but I was worried that it just wouldn't be the same if they retcon the ending.And wow, I was so not disappointed.Not only is the game fun and the puzzles entertaining, not only does it have some interesting new features, but it also fits within the franchise and enriches it. I loved it.Still, if you felt the ending of Goodbye Deponia was not cool, this might not be the game for you."
76561198043595133,Not Recommended,421050,21689890,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Chimly,"As a fan of the previous three Deponia games. I have to encourage you to not buy this game. Aside from the game as a whole feeling rushed and lackluster, with bland writing and mind numbingly easy puzzles. The game as a whole feels like the developers got this game out as quickly as they could to get more money off of this popular franchise, and wrote it with pretentious writing that constantly makes jabs at fans who wanted to see more of Deponia.Constant comments that border on: ""How dare you want more of these great games to play in? We'll show you, we'll make another game that makes you feel bad that you're playing it.""Its hard to explain, but the characters constantly break the fourth wall mentioning how great the other games were, and how you, the player, is a terrible person for playing this one. It made me feel guilty for buying, and playing this game. But I kept playing, just to see if there was some light at the end of the tunnel, but there wasn't one. I won't spoil it, but the word ""disappointing"" does not begin to describe it.I had a pit in my stomach of complete and utter disatisfaction after completing this game. I'm not sure if the developers had some personal problems to vent, or if they just believe there is no hope in this world in general, but that's how it felt like they feel when playing through this game.All in all, if you're a fan of the Deponia series, or a fan of puzzle games in general, I would recommend you stick to the first three games in the series, and stay away from Deponia Doomsday. As for me, I can't even bring myself to look at the original three games, let alone play them again, this game has so soured my view of the original.It does not continue the story, it doesn't change anything. It really has no reason to exsist at all. And in these games so well driven by their stories of failure and redemption, to have nothing at all be different or interesting just has the game as a whole fall flat.So I cannot on good conscience recommend this game that I so looked forward to, and was excited for.If you're looking for a continuation of the Deponia story, or a good puzzle game, I'm sorry to say. There's none of that here."
76561198131727846,Recommended,421050,32744844,Posted: 24 June,all,Evelovespancakes,"At first I didn't like the game as much as I thought I would, but then I got used to it and enjoyed the game a lot. Eventually even thetimetravellinggets cool again after it got boring... The story was good. I just wished there were more options towards the ending.The original trilogy was a million times better, so don't expect much when you begin to play. If you do so, you'll be having a good time."
,Recommended,421050,21962264,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Abraham,Maybe even the best Deponia so far.
76561198113633881,Recommended,421050,21986076,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,goodkingparker,made me sad making peanut butter
76561198094805548,Recommended,421050,32140882,Posted: 2 June,all,nightdweller,"Ah.. deponia. This one is not as good as the others in the series, but it's still fun and whimsical. And with the general lack of games in this particular genre - it's still one of the better ones."
,Not Recommended,421050,21621091,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Chiang Kai-Shrek,"While the game itself is a solid point 'n click adventure with a funny, entertaining and intriguing time travel story that gets intentionally more confusing with each chapter, the real problems here are neither the story, gameplay or humor, it's this game's ending and the die-hard developer's attempt to justify the 3rd game's pretentiously shallow ""deep ending"".The promotional bait which tries to lure in players with the hope of changing the last game's ending reveals itself as a giant middlefinger by Daedalic directed at the part of the fanbase which desired a better ending while judging and taunting them for not accepting their poorly written ending.Personally simply a different ending (irrelevant if it was an either ""happy"", (reasonable, not just ""Oh no, guess I have to kill myslef now"") tragic or open ending) would have been more than enough but creating TWO games with the SAME ending while advertising it as ""different"" is unacceptable.I am genuinely dissapointed."
,Recommended,421050,26371643,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,pellaken,"About halfway through the game, which I just completed, I was expecting I'd need to write a ""I regret purchasing this"" review. However, things picked up. A lot of the negative reviews seem to come from people who either hated the original (IE trilogy) ending, or, had never played another deponia game. As someone who thought the original ending was fine, and as someone who has played all 3 other Deponia games, I found this one satisfactory.It's a bit pricey, and parts of the game seem a bit empty (rooms with only 1 thing to click on) but overall, I'd say this is a good game, and look forward to playing the next game in the installment, should they decide to go that route."
,Recommended,421050,25732885,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,einlein3058,"You're going to love playing it, every bit as much as you loved the first three.  Deponia continues to the be one of the best adventure series' ever.But when this one is over, you're going to be just a little bit sadder for the rest of your life.  Damn you Daedalic.  I trusted you.Only recommended for those with a heart of stone."
76561198052396822,Recommended,421050,30626792,Posted: 19 March,all,Valkyrie,"The game is like a masterclass of a game developer making a game to spite fans that didn't like the way their trilogy ended.  The first three Deponia games featured a satisfying ending to Rufus' character arc.  It actually make me feel emotions.When I heard they were making a 4th, I was a little upset.  After playing the game, I have nothing but respect for the people at Daedalic.  They said ""Screw you guys for not liking our heroic ending.  Play this 4th game and re-experience that ending... twice.""Deponia Doomsday is not a good game.  But it is 10 hours of festering spite and I love it for that."
,Recommended,421050,25401755,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Cat,The makers of this game are a bunch of sick mind bending sadist....But if you have played this far then your pretty damn masocistic...Expect more of the same... :)
,Recommended,421050,29736694,Posted: 5 February,all,Dr. Leviathan,"Lotta mixed reviews for this game. Lotta negative reviews for this game. Some have valid points, some have invalid points. Thought I would write this review to clear up some things that I didn't find to be true.I assume that if you plan on buying this game, then you've finished the trilogy. So it would only make sense to compare it to the trilogy. Staight up, this is the worst Deponia game. And that makes sense. It was supposed to be a trilogy. Everything was planned out, the story wrapped up nicely, everything worked. But then they made this game after they though they were done, and it clearly shows.The story was bad and the overall tone gets a lot less subtle. It was about time travel. Maybe I'm biased because I HATE stories about time travel. Time travel makes a dumb story. Everything the protagonist has accompliced can be undone, things get confusing fast and artificial obsticals need to be created so they can have consequences. Can't save your dead boyfriend because timey wimey blah blah paradox blah. All of these problems were present in the game. About halfway through the game I decided to give up on following the story entirely. And this actually made the game more fun to play. So if I have any advice, don't play this for the story. Go in with the excpectation that everthing will be absurd, pointless nonsense and you will have a much better time.Lots of people have reported that the game is buggy and that it makes the game unplayable. In my 13 hours of play I have only found one bug and it did nothing to impede my ability to progress. Obviously everyone has different experiences, but I would chalk those bugs up to their equipment and not the game.The humor in the game stays about the same, but there are some parts where the jokes felt lazily written. Suff that is the equivelent to just plain insults or fat jokes. You will cringe at the jokes that are about as deep as a childs sandbox. (That was such a tight metaphor I'm proud of that one.) But most of the comedy still has that same level of... goodness that the other games had.The overall gameplay has not changed a single bit. Its still as amazing and absurd as ever. If you loved the nonsensical puzzle solving turn-baby-dolphins-into-catfood style of gameplay that made Deponia so unique, you will not be dissapointed.Rufus is still a lovable, sociopathic, narcissistic, kleptomaniac mysoginist, so thats good.Other than that, everything is still the same as it was in the previous installments. Great art, good music, lovable characters. (Wait, wouldn't every sandbox be a childs sandox? I've never heard of an adult sandbox. Maybe that wasn't such a great metaphor.) On its own, its still a good game. Its shorter than the last two games, but longer than the first one. Honestly, the price is a little steep. I bought it at full price and I thought it was worth it, but I am a huge fan of the series. Overall, I recommend it. Don't go in excpecting too much and you won't be dissapointed."
76561198067192574,Recommended,421050,24682212,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Kektor,"Doomsday is a game that wasn't even meant to be in the first place. And here it is. We are back; he is back. I've bought it seeking for a better ending of Goodbye Deponia. And the whole game seems like a one big paradoxal struggle to achieve that ..goal. But who cares, we've done far more impossible things in previous parts!Starting from the first part, the each next Deponia series were a little more ""serious"". The new details about the world structure and character back-stories were discovered. As an increase in affection to characters, the player felt more and more uneasy with the direction the story is going to.Yeah, it's happened again. Some scenes and plot twists in Doomsday are way much more depressing than anything we've seen before. But in the end, it's the same chaotically fun and irrational Deponia world.Everything kinda resembles Futurama's last few episodes (sentimentality) + Predestination (plot complexity to follow). At least, for me. And i think, it's a good thing.And well, I can rate it 9/10 - at least because I was able to get back to this ridiculous but touching world of Deponia for one last time. I got surprised by new puzzles and mechanics, again. Laughed and sighed, again. ...just like it happens with Deponia usually, right? So, it means, that it did the job properly.No matter what.And yeah, don't tempt the sharks.."
76561197985114402,Not Recommended,421050,23088043,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Dopefish,"Despite being the longest of the Deponian games, this is the unnecessary black sheep.  Many felt that the original trilogy ended horribly, but I felt that its open ending fit the game very well (and lets face it, the bloke has fall damage immunity).  It's not a BAD game by any means, however, it's uncalled for and does not add anything to the overall story.  I would rather suggest playing through the first three (Deponia, Chaos on Deponia, Goodbye Deponia) than suggest this one."
76561198183684183,Recommended,421050,32972344,Posted: 28 June,all,OrangeSodaIsSexy,"I won't lie and say that this sequal was exactly necessary... but it was fun and had the same feel as the last three and even more great puzzles. I loved getting to finally see life on Elisyium and a few callbacks to some great characters. I belive the ending to the third is the true, and best ending, but this game is a fun little extra. If you're like me and caan't get enough of Deponia, you won't be upset by this."
,Recommended,421050,30974763,Posted: 6 April,all,Informal Informant,"What the game isDeponia Doomsdayis basically a continuation of the original Deponia trillogy. Same characters, simmilar humor, but with different areas and story. For those that played through Deponia-->This game is basically trying to you trying to stop the ""death"" of Rufus at the end of Goodbye DeponiaPros+Amazing StoryThe story just works, its interesting aswell.+CharactersCharacters have lots of depth and some from privious games show up again.+HumorIt keeps the humor that the origional Deponia games were known for.Cons+Repetitive areasA few areas in the time loop are annoyingly repetitive untill you figure out what to do.Final OpinionDeponia Doomsday is a great true finally to the deponia story. I would love to see another game with Rufus based on the junk heap of a planet, but have no idea how it would work due to the perfect ending to this game. If you loved Deponia and the other games in the origional Deponia Series, get this game. If you havent played through the origional Deponia trillogy yet, do that before you play this game, as it will clear up a few otherwise confusing bits in the beginning."
76561198108894778,Recommended,421050,21573397,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Besenstiel!,"If you like point and click adventures, you will like this game. If you liked deponia 1 2 and 3, you will like this game even more. If you like good games, you will just love this game."
,Not Recommended,421050,21657387,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Lucid Atray,"If you want to purchase this game for the gameplay, go ahead, do it. Although most of the ""puzzles"" are more of ""Use this item wherever the hell you can until something happens"" than actual thinking. Even when you have to think, you don't have to at all. And now there's time-related puzzles: either in the form of ""mash the mouse button until stuff happens"" or ""do these things before time runs out or do it all over again"", which combined with the trial and error aspect of the point'n'click, just makes the game unenjoyable.Storywise? Don't buy this. It doesn't add in anything to the Deponia timeline. The ending of this game completely negates and erases the entirety of itself, so it's like you spent all your time for nothing. It's advertised as a chance to change the past, present and future. But ultimately, nothing at all is changed. And it just overuses the concept of time traveling, undoing things you've done and completely ignoring what it told you before, contradicting itself at every single corner.Funny bits? Okay, they're kind of there. But the previous games were funnier, this one is more of a ""ha-ha I see what you did there"" kind of laugh than anything.I really liked the Deponia trilogy. But it should've ended at that, just a trilogy. When I found out about Doomsday, I was completely hyped. And up until the point where you discover what the Pink Elephant really is (which is near the ending of the game), I still had hope for it. But it died soon after.Hope. The only ""true"" aspect about this game, the thing that is discussed all over it. But sometimes, like this time, there is no hope. Only disappointment.The only reason I'm not asking for a refund is that, gameplay-wise, I enjoyed it (even though I had enjoyed cheaper and smaller games more than this before), and that I liked the original Deponia series. Other than that, I really see no point in owning this game.Ultimately, Deponia Doomsday is just a disappointment. Buy the original trilogy instead, or save your money to buy something else. Like painkillers, which I'll need now."
,Recommended,421050,21616762,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,[FIN]GENTLEMEN,I keep this short+ David Hayter voise in the start of the game+ Time travelling+ Elysium levels- Opening song- ending stll suck
76561198125300179,Recommended,421050,33600330,Posted: 16 July,all,HeadlessHobbit,"If you liked the previous Deponia triology and was dissatisfied with the ending, Deponia Doomsday may not give you the ending you are looking for either. However, If you have the money and aren't afraid of facing disappointment, feel free to buy it. Just don't say I (and all the other reviews here) didn't warn ya!Being a big fan of the Deponia series ever since the first episode, I was excited to finally purchase the fourth installment of the series. Even though I had read a lot of cryptic (and slightly disappointed) reviews beforehand, I still decided to buy it. After 8 hours of playing, grinding through the achievements (well, all achievements except for the 1001 jackalopes one, ain't nobody got time for that), and picking up all the bonuses, here's my review.The gameplay is considerably easier compared to the previous episodes, with fewer minigames and simple puzzles - still pretty decent for a point n' click, I must say.The story focuses a lot on timetraveling, which is cool, and the concept of going through the same scene multiple times to progress with the story was fresh- well, it was for the first couple of times anyways. The plotline was acceptable (the twists and turns could be confusing for some, but one just needs to pay attention, think hard about it and piece things together) and offered some entertainment, but finally we come to the ending. The disappointing ending that left me just as empty as the ending of Deponia 3.Pretty much it's just offering closure to Goal, giving her a chance to say goodbye and finally let go of Rufus. And then the damn story just resets itself, coming to a full circle.Like WTF man? I played the ending scene again for three times just to make sure that there were no other endings, and after some angry thinking, I can only say that I have to respect the plot- after all, it's a point-n'-click game, not a ""branching choices"" game like Life is strange or something... (Although If you exit to menu directly when the credits are rolling, you get a dialogue box saying ""Poki will remember that"" ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°))I guess now it's time to move on to the discussion fourms to see what people are thinking about this...Overall, a 7 out of 10.Not exactly a neccesary game.... maybe the devs just made it out of pressure from the fans(?)I cri evritime."
,Recommended,421050,35036608,Posted: 17 September,all,Samtoinette,"I'm not going to sugarcoat it-- The ending is bittersweet.You go through time repeatedly, and redo puzzles over and over until you finally figure things out. It's a bit tedious with the gameplay, but I can't bring myself to dislike the story... Or even the ending.In America, we're used to happy endings. Almost all movies and books end with a happy ending, and Goodbye Deponia didn't have one. It caused outrage from the fans. We grew to love these characters, and yet the ending wasn't what we wanted. So Daedlic Entertainment created this game... In a way, from the very beginning, it was a giant middle finger to the naysayers.It's still very funny, and in my opinion worth playing (though, admittedly, with a walkthrough, cause things are just not that obvious this time around), however there will be a lot of people who dislike it. It does not have an all-around happy ending for the original pair. However, previously, it was disappointing. This time, it was somehow... poetic. From an artists point of view, it's majestic. From the fans' point of view, it probably won't be. That's why there's so many mixed reviews... That, and, probably people are tired of the timeloops.****SPOILER BELOW****The difference here, is, Goal gets to say goodbye to Rufus... That simple change in the ending made me enjoy it so much more than I had before."
76561198065553345,Not Recommended,421050,21658661,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,tadams42,"I feel that Daedalic doesn't understand why the community didn't like Deponia 3's ending.  They seem to think that people didn't understand what they were going for.  That is not the case.  The reason they didn't like the ending was that the bad guy wins and Rufus' self sacrifice was out of character.  Here is what you don't understand about your own character Daedalic:Rufus, just like Captain James T. Kirk doesn't believe in a no win scenario.They do not change their ending like they make it seem in the game trailer.  This game is essentially here to tell the fans how dumb they are for not getting the ""genius"" of the third game.If you grew to love the characters, world and humor of the first two games and were upset by the ending of the third then this is not the game you want to fix it.Our only hope is that another company buys the rights to Deponia and hires some new writers.Or that a time portal opens up and takes me back to the time where I found Deponia on steam and thought ""This looks like a good game."""
,Recommended,421050,21693654,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,[PG] OzzieMonkey,"This is the craziest one yet! The time travel element really fits the zany world of Deponia. This game had some really clever puzzles and none of them were so ridiculous that I felt cheated. The ending will polarize, and I'm still not sure how I feel about it, but nontheless I had an enjoyable ride. Worth playing"
,Recommended,421050,23053799,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Jero,"My name is not important. What is important is what I'm going to do... I just ♥♥♥♥in' hate this garbage planet. And the fewlocks feasting on its carcass. Without Elysium and Goal my whole life is just cold, bitter hatred. And I always wanted to die violently with fireworks in the background. This is the time of vengeance and no life is worth saving. And I will put in the grave as many as I can. It's time for me to kill. And it's time for me to die. The countdown to armageddon begins here."
76561198025412028,Recommended,421050,21827982,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Battle Jess,"The Deponia series is certainly up there among my favourites, and I was extremely excited to hear there was a fourth. I wasn't sure how they'd pull it off, but they did, and Doomsday may be my favourite of the lot.The puzzles were fantastic, ludicrous, and exactly what I expected from a Deponia game, and the story as well. I liked the ending. I liked the ending to Goodbye Deponia as well, though I think that puts me in the minority. I like it even better after playing through Deponia Doomsday. It's certainly unique, and that is afterall what I love about the series."
76561198072304181,Not Recommended,421050,33468004,Posted: 11 July,all,Alex Primes,"SPOILERSI wish Steam has a maybe instead of yes or no, Have to go with no for this reason. I love Deponia is among the very bests point&click adventures and Love how the third game closed with Rufus symbolic ending. He was an assho**** who redeem himself by sacrificing for Goal and the people of Deponia and Elysium. I read people dint' love it I suppose some wanted a happy ending for the underdog but Rufus did not deserve it after so much, true his stupidity save the world but at what cost.Now the 4th game, I like the idea at first like woah Rufus survived somehow and Deponia needs to be saved cool another adventure. I went to play doomsday oblivious the ending controversy of the 3rd game and how this game is an answer to that group of fans. I enjoy it, it was fun, nice puzzle and new characters, the time paradox was good at the beginning and I thought it was Rooney the Ai not Rufus the one at fault that mess everything up, but alas it was not the time paradox at the end confused me and make everything in the game eventually bad from storytelling.All this to tell fans this IS MY ENDING FU ALL ENJOY. What about the other fans like me who wanted another round of Rufus and a more coherent better ending. NOP and I feel like a victim here because for me the Trilogy of Deponia ended well Rufus make the ultimate sacrifice and I buy this believing and trying to understand this story, I think they missed a window with Rooney Ai like that was the WTF moment and they never make him the villain.The main point is while I enjoy the game and felt it was good before the rushed ending everything related to the very existence of this game is useless, to justify to fans that Rufus dies. For me the only Deponia game storyline is the first 3 games, this ones messes everything up. If still interested in buying wait for a sale but be warned depending on your perspective if the game is worth your time and merits its existence to justify a point and ending made by the developers to troll fans even those unaware of the 3rd game controversy ending"
,Recommended,421050,21815697,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Boneybones,that rock paper shotgun review was pure cancergud game look forward to replaying soon
,Recommended,421050,22687738,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,golebiewsky,"I played the last three games with pleasure and this one isn't an exception. The best adventure series I ever played. I recommend it to anybody, who can appreciate a good story.But I have to warn you, this game was made by europeans, so you won't experience a Hollywood-like story."
,Recommended,421050,35238958,Posted: 27 September,all,sweda,"Wow, just finished the game, and I have to tell you, it was great ending to the series.It was true Deponia with silly humor, very talkative characters and beautiful visual style. There were some less fluid bits and sometimes too easy puzzles, but storywise, it was stronger than previous parts (as any final chapter of any story should be). It strung very well on nostalgic feeling toward old characters and locations, while not overusing them all - just to keep things familiar and beliavable, and there was a lot of new things so it feels like a new game. It is also commendable how well executed was whole time travel theme, both in terms of gameplay and keeping logic of story, and of course of jokes. Overall its short game, like 15 hours tops, but with a lot of love put into it. So I strongly recommend it, after playing previous parts.In the end, hardest part was to let go. And I did. With a smile and teary eye."
,Recommended,421050,25878007,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,EXPSPACE-COMPLETE,All that complaining about ending shows that majority of video games players consists of barbarians with vulgar demands and taste. Shame on you animals. This game is an example of great storytelling and I hope that devs won't give a damn about your plebeian needs.
,Recommended,421050,25069453,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,swordandsoul,"loved this game, loved the series.  BUT  DAMN you and your sad and beautiful endings... i curse you..."
76561198154370768,Not Recommended,421050,33464108,Posted: 11 July,all,mercygrim96,"I can't believe I'm doing this, but I'm giving a Deponia game a negative review. It's not just because I'm still salty about the ending, and don't expect the ending to change that much; I'm just going to warn you right now. I'm glad that I didn't buy this game at full price because it's sadly not worth it.Of course it still has the same fun cast and great new characters, and of course the same great, sarcastic, slightly narcissistic Rufus that we all know and love, but there was a lot about the game that I found unsatisfying, and it wasn't just the garbage ending.Let's start off with the pros--Great characters-The new time function definitely turned the game around, made it more interesting-Great music (as always, but we didn't see much of our banjo playing friend which kind of sucked)Now for the cons--The new time function, while a fun game changer, was also quite annoying and confusing at times because it made the game much too difficult, I found myself pausing way too much and having to end up looking at a walk through just to figure out what I had to do before the timer ran out.-The false hope that the ending just might be better. Lets face it, most of us bought this game in hopes that the ending would be better, or at least different and SPOILER WARNING:It's not. You play the whole game thinking and hoping the entire time that maybe just one little thing will change, but you still get the EXACT SAME ending as the 3rd game, Rufus still falls.-Some of the plot seems a bit rushed and pointlesslike the stuff with Ronny at the endSo I just want anyone who reads this to know that I LOVE the Depoina series as a whole, but this game just disappointed me on SO MANY levels. And it was not just the ending that angered me."
76561198011771592,Recommended,421050,21595162,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Tiitha,"I am overly thrilled we got to see Rufus and the others, one last time. You will laugh, you will cry. And most of all, you will regret everything you'll make Rufus do. Rufus is a mischievious little jerk and I love him for it.Don't play this game if you are looking for answers or some kind of happy resolution to the trilogy. Play it because you loved playing Deponia and enjoyed the story and characters, and so you can experience just a little more.The game is chock filled with dark humor, shenanigans, and some brilliant metaphors that will get you thinking."
,Recommended,421050,24040802,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Khagen,"Yet another crazy installment of the Deponia series from Daedalic Entertainment and this one is just as good as those that came before it.Story: 9/10------I must admit the story was surprisingly good in this game, the fact that the story runs ""parellel"" to the 3rd game made me a bit skeptical at first, but the game was full of suprises and originality so I loved every minute of it. Like other Deponia games its chock-full of humor, drama and crazy situations, you'll never be able to guess what's coming next. The story will get very confusing at times I must warn you but since I'm already a fan of games like Bioshock Infinite and anime like Steins;Gate, I was not overwhelmed. I think some may find the ending a little dissapointing but I think it does give us a little more hope for Rufus and Goal compared to the ending of the third game... Which I suppose is a central theme of the game so I won't bash Daedalic for that.Gameplay: 9/10-----------It's a point and click adventure so theres obviously not much to say here, but what I will say is the timetravel mechanic was very cleverly done and makes this relatively small game feel a lot longer. It also mixes things up compared to the previous games so you won't feel like the series has just gone on too long. Some of the puzzles are incredibly difficult to figure out though and I did have to look at a walkthrough maybe once or twice but overall the puzzles were great in this game.Art: 10/10-----------The art is one of the things I love about all Daedalic games and this one does not dissapoint, gettting to finally see Ellisium was wonderful and Deponia looks as awesome as ever.Conclusion: 9/10-----------If you're a fan of point and click adventures, puzzle games or good narrative I would deffinately reccomend this game, however you are going to have to play the first three before you play this one. If that seems like a daunting task to you I reccomend playing Anna's Quest, still my favourite Daedalic game. That game will give you a good idea of whether you're ready to attack the Deponia beast."
76561198001251929,Not Recommended,421050,33735681,Posted: 22 July,all,KasperKyd,too much junk and time repeating thing isn't enjoying really
,Recommended,421050,32894875,Posted: 27 June,all,Krokar,"Deponia, end of the series, the thrill, the puns, RUFUS, the ramble, the joy, the adventures, the failures, the decptions, the expectacular hero (in his head).What else can we say, this is deponia we are talking about, 10/10 series.Buy, laugh, enjoy, cry, laugh some more, and succeed.Has one unique bug which you can passby by simply loading a save game from the developers but that's all."
,Recommended,421050,33155599,Posted: 2 July,all,Piradofurioso,"It is true that this game is easier than the ones in the original trilogy but I don't think it takes away from the game, I've had as much fun with it as with the other ones, though there is one thing that I personally hate:Puzzles with a time limit. There's not many of them, but having to repeat them can get tiring, though those ones are pretty easy, so they didn't bother me as much.Story-wise it's a bit weaker than the other three, but it's not bad.As someone who was fine with Goodbye Deponia's ending, I got exactly what I wanted, more time with Ruckus and Goal, more puzzles, and more goofy characters.But if you hated the ending of the third game I'm afraid you'll be disappointed again"
76561198095435153,Recommended,421050,31230787,Posted: 18 April,all,honored cur,"I absolutely LOVED the original Deponia story, and while I enjoyed this game, and really am glad that they added a button to help highlight what is interactable made things easier. The game keeps Rufus personality and he's still fun like before to me, he makes a new friend Mctimeguy (wrong on purpose) and you start going through time. I This is a very complex time travel story so I am kind of confused and I can't figure out which time line caused the worst case scenario really.IF YOU DO NOT LIKE DEPONIA OR TIME TRAVEL PLOTS AVOID THIS.It does explain some background of the original such as Toni and Rufus a bit before their break up, and it's sad that I couldn't see more of a timeline where they stayed together.The game gets pretty interesting when you get about half way and get into a lot of time travel without reseting everything.Some things that annoyed me were, a lot more puzzles appeared to involve dialouge then the first so it took me nearly an hour to figure out how to do one puzzle because someone i spoke to before had new dialouge I was unaware of.I also kind of missed the Platypus's but with how this is technically only ONE chapter it's forgivable that it's so small.What I think though was really strange for me, was the Meta talk. I never learned much about what others thought of the ending of Deponia (SPOILERS MAY HAPPEN FROM NOW ON) but I wasn't a big fan of the ending, I felt that Rufus shouldn've had a happy ending but I could've accepted it because of this game. I had actually hoped the plot of this one was we played as Goal going back in time to save Rufus but this plot was fine. What bums me is that the Meta talk seems to show the creators were upset that others didn't like the ending and basically set it up no matter how much you try the ending won't change because it ereases things...I had just wished that we could've maybe gotten a scene of Goal discovering Rufus did somehow survive the crash, he appeared to survive far worse.Overall I liked this game and would LOVE to play more in the universe of Deponia, even if we don't get Rufus (though Rufus would be a big plus), in fact with the establishment of Aliens and genesplicing stuff DOES exist I would enjoy if the next one went into deep space.So my overall score though is an 8/10, I do enjoy the game and  I recomend it to anyone who played the first Deponia. The ending isn't as great as I'd like but it isn't a fully closed ending either, so another sequel can happen.I'm glad I got to play this and will be recomending the Deponia games to my friends and going to keep my eye out from the creators for any potential future games in this series or similar style."
,Recommended,421050,22338800,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Sherry Khanny,"Best episode of the whole Deponia series, though it's better to play them all in order. The story is very interesting and engaging, though the puzzles sometimes seem a bit crazy / random, but it's worth to pull through it, as it is very satisfying on the finale. ;)"
76561198163201129,Recommended,421050,29373880,Posted: 20 January,all,sven.lemoinebauer,"First of all, I think that I would like to give a ""middle thumb"" for that game instead of thumb up. That is sadly not possible, and I therefore give a thumb up but with a lot of criticism...Many people argued about the ending. I won't. You like it or not, it still represents only the last 5 min of hours and hours of play. I prefer to focus on the gameplay, and that is where I am more disapointed:* It is much shorter than the previous deponia games. Not sure how long I played but I would say 20 hours maximum.* One of the reason is that most of the puzzles are much easier than before. Your inventory is most of the time nearly empty, making it much easier to visualize problems and solutions. Is that positive or negative? Not sure. I hate to have 20 items in the inventory and getting to try each one on each other, but here it is the other extreme: too simple.* Where are the minigames? Poki, you repeated us the whole time in ""the complete journey"" that you loved minigames. So where are they? I missed them...* The new ""intense clicking"" sequences are useless. Furthermore I also hate time limited sequences. I went through them fairly quickly, but still I don't like them...* Some of the sequences turning into 3D are in my mind not welcome in the game.* Time travel... hum, it may be my brain but I get lost in all that, especially towards the end. And that makes it difficult to feel the story. I was much less excited to see what comes next than in the previous games.* And then several things about the general atmosphere of the game: Music not as good as before (Damn I loved in the end in the time machine to be able to relisten the old songs :), I don't think it is as funny as the previous games, you don't have the feeling to try to make rufus do good things like before... And most important: I want more platypus!!! They are great in the part at the school!Well, I guess I could find other issues, but don't take me wrong: It is a good game, with some funny parts, and I enjoyed playing it. It is just that the previous games put the standard very high, and this ones is definitively not as good. I would grade it 6 or 7 /10 with the 3 other games at 9 or 10 /10."
76561198041314353,Recommended,421050,24831875,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,gsmcclellan,"I was certainly not expecting a 4th game to the trilogy, but I am very glad it happened. Great job at continuing a completed story while improving it at the same time.Can't wait for another amazing series, or even a 5th installment if that happens"
76561198037336201,Recommended,421050,24431433,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,GotPugged,"I did quite like Daedalic's series, but this was purchased on a whim. I had decided to give the trilogy a try for $6 (not a fan of point and click adventures) and wanted to see what direction the studio wished to take their franchise three years on. The story was cute and I enjoyed not having to sacrifice children to accomplish Rufus's agenda this time-round. I would certainly recommend this game to others who took pleasure in the series and appreciate that this is a game from the artist's perspective and not pandering to the ""buh muh happy ending"" crowd.Overall, I would say 7.5/10The story was enjoyable, however, the new ""rush"" mechanics didn't really make me happy about having to spam my mouse button repeatedly for awesome-fun-time-adventure mechanics. That was a tad unnecessary, guys. You don't have to re-invent the wheel simply for the sake of progress. Just like Lotti, you're pretty the way you are.Also, the game didn't feel like it was as robust as the previous titles, given the lack of complicated puzzles to work out. Often times the piece you needed to solve something would be just sitting there in the room and ready-to-go.Finally, the lack of the chorus was very much noticeable and didn't give the appearance of your progression through chapters in an epic tale, and everything just kind of came across in a giant mess. (I understand that everything was meant to be a cluster-♥♥♥♥, but you could have managed something for continuity's sake.)These comments come from an RTS/FPS player, so take these critiques as you will."
,Recommended,421050,24305878,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,ihumpher,"If you have loved the previous entries in the series, you will love this one too. The story gets a little convoluted towards the end but that does not detract from the enojoyment."
,Recommended,421050,21694521,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Troupe Gramarye,"Ayyyy, this game was really good. Not as good as the first three, but DAMN did it make the ending a lot more satisfying."
,Recommended,421050,21828762,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,ek,"If you liked first 3 games, you'll love this one too."
,Not Recommended,421050,32334787,Posted: 10 June,all,n..b,"This feels like a ""♥♥♥♥ you"" from dev to players who don't like the original ending in Goodbye Deponia.Its gameplay is fun tho"
,Not Recommended,421050,21677459,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,itswhywegame,"I was so excided when I saw the trailer for this.  It was such a great series!  Funny, exciting, interesting, and above all fun.  And I would be lying if I didn't say I didn't see the sparkle of that here with it's clever puzzles and minigames, but there is one huge reason this is far an away the worst in the series and that is the fact that the whole game is, in the end, completely pointless.  Worse, it's actually a $30 way to tell anyone who didn't like the ending of the third game to screw themselves.  I wish they had just left it alone."
76561198010273611,Not Recommended,421050,21641182,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Shiro5,"I feel cheated.  Honestly, playing the series, loving every minute until the end.  Then after coming to terms with the ending, accepting that Rufus would change his ways and give his life  to save Goal, we get this.  Daedalic Entertainment gave us hope that a game series based on humor and nonsense would have an ending we could at least smile at.  Giving us a roller coaster of emotion, they then told us, ""For only $30 more you can stay on the ride and you might just end up at a different gate, with candy and unicorns!"" So, we shell out the money.  We give in to the hope that maybe, just maybe those unicorns are just around the bend.  Then, as the ride crawls to it's bitter end, we see that the track has brought us back around.  The smug grin on Daedalic's face as they tell us, ""We said MIGHT.  Thanks for the money by the way, now get off the ride so we can get more suckers on."""
,Recommended,421050,30935193,Posted: 3 April,all,sly2909,It is a fun game with a lot of the same charms the previous games had. I only wish they had Huzzah songs in it.
76561198019696234,Recommended,421050,25938764,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,marmalada180,"Deponia Doomsday elaborates on the ending of the 3rd game. Be forewarned, if you were put off by the ending in Goodbye Deponia, dont expect this game to offer something completely different. Without spoiling things, there is no traditional happy ending in Deponia Doomsday. However, it does provide closure and makes Goodbye Deponia's ending seem much less adrupt.In terms of the game mechanics itself, Deponia Doomsday often requires the player to use their brain to solve its puzzles. Some of these puzzles can be infuriating (I had to use a guide sometimes) because their solutions are disguised. What I mean by this is that your not always aware that you can interact with certain elements on the screen. This game and this series definitely require some patience.Overall, If you like the other three games in the series, you will like Deponia Doomsday. The Deponia games have interesting characters, settings, humour and most importantly ideas that make them more than just your typical point n click game. They are certainly much better than their Metacritic score might indicate. Just make sure you play them in order."
76561198218004151,Recommended,421050,23239359,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Treborbentara,"Deponia Doomsday.The 4th game of the series of the Deponia games is (so far) the last game.Let me tell you as a big fan of time traveling this game really caught my interest. Not to mention it finishs up the game series quite..in an unique way.If you like time travel, Point 'n Click adventures, black humor, silly puzzles and the Deponia series itself you should give it a try(of course after you played Deponia 1 - 3 )"
76561198068293099,Recommended,421050,21627664,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Kansai Cat,"I usually don't write reviews, but I feel compelled to defend Deponia Doomsday after having read many of the negative reviews left by fans dissappointed in the game's ending, as well as the slamming article recently published by Rock Paper Shotgun.Deponia Doomsday is a fantastic point-and-click adventure, bringing back the wit and charm I loved from the original trilogy and doing great justice to both the original plot and the genre at large. It also brought with it many fresh ideas and mechanics, which gladly surprised me, as I wasn't sure how much innovation can actually be brougt to a point-and-click title. Granted, this doesn't mean that the game isn't without its flaws: the Deponia series has been known to through some ridiculous curveballs with some of its puzzles, and there were some examples of poor hinting or explanation as there have been in the past. That being said, I still completed the game in a timely manner, and only utilized outside sources occasionally (I'm no genius, some of that stuff was pretty obvious in hindsight). Minor game direction flaws aside, which was expected from the previous trilogy, Daedalic still delivered on a great game experience.In reference to the plot, I'll refrain from mentioning spoilers and instead discuss it in general ""beat around the bush"" terms both newcomers and die-hard fans can understand. Even so, if you want absolutely NO HINTS regarding the original trilogy's or this installment's story, stop here. The end of Deponia 3 wasn't well received, I for one throught it wasn't the best ending it could have been, but at the same time I respect Daedalic's choices: they have their reasons. They should be able to end the story how THEY want to end it, not how the die-hards think it SHOULD have ended. I do wish that it had been happier, but not every story gets to have a happy ending; it can be refreshing to have an unexpected conclusion, even if its sad. Moreover, those who say that Deponia Doomsday doesn't change anything about the original plot have simply overlooked the importance of Doomsday's new developments. It ties up loose ends, it rounds out the kinks and moreover solidifies both the original plot and its characterization. Yes, the original ending, sadness and disappointment and all is still canon, but why is that a bad thing? It's not as though this game is a waste of time and money just because it didn't change anything. This game is less about the payoff, and more about the ride. Its an addendum to an already fantastic story, which also completely changes the context of the original game. In fact, I'm planning to revist the Deponia Complete Collection to better understand Doomsday's plot, and to piece together the developments it poses on the main plot. I say that we should respect the hard work Daedalic put into creating a reactionary narrative that still holds the canon of the original, that certaintly wasn't a walk in the park. And moreover, if you don't enjoy the ending even after experiencing Doomsday, don't make up excuses like ""the loyal community deserved better."" Respect the fact that Daedalic can write the story how they want, and that if you really are complaining about it you aren't a member of the ""loyal community.""If you like point-and-clicks, the previous Deponias, or just crazy platypus related manuevers, then you should definitely pick up Deponia Doomsday."
76561198047137733,Recommended,421050,21652329,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,[IpickGaia] No4b,"If you previously played Deponia series:It`s definetly 10\10. Plot, dialogs, cut-scenes - it`s all great! And espessially plot. After completing game it took a  time to actually realize and understand whole autors idea. And this idea is really a masterpiece. It`s a shame i can`t post it here without spoilering the plot of the game.If you didn`t played the first 3 parts, i definetly recommended to play them first (and they are great!), and only after that buy 4th part"
76561198186904541,Recommended,421050,21606791,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,badlymadetraveler,"Despite hitting a wall of a bug that wouldn't even let me get some non-sequiters for using the wrong item I'll still recommend this because of all the game that came before that point.The way the original trilogy ended was fine.  Those who wanted Rufus to live could go on ahead and believe his looney toon resilience saved him from ""that"" while those of us that came here for the world and not that guy could imagine other possibilities.I happen to like time travel so this game was a pleasant surprise regardless.Addition: Now that I've reached the ending legitimately after going through a different bug pattern than last time (I need to ask how bugs manage to be random in a game that doesn't even use dice rolls) I have to say this one is... definitely more conclusive but we still haven't seen the body so could the Rufus fans please quit crying."
,Recommended,421050,21607990,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Mischail,- Only one song by the choir (That's the main minus :D)- Last puzzle with timer is quite nervous+-More action. Less thinking - more clicking+-Few really big puzzles. Many small puzzles+It's really Deponia (Everything except the choir included)+More confusing story about time loops than in Bioshock Infinite :D1/10 choir9/10 game
76561197968452892,Recommended,421050,21629710,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Dorag,"Spoiler warning! (TldR at the end)So here we are, exactly the same place we stopt the game 3 years ago. What's to say about Deponia 4 aside from what we all thought when the announcement came a few days ago: It shouldn't exist.Don't get me wrong, gameplaywise it is quite good compared to what the rest of the gerner has to offer, even if it is in my eyes the weakest part of the Deponia series. We have complex but almost always fair puzzles (aside from a certain star related puzzle which took me far too long) which are fun to solve, even a few timetravel puzzles which are well made and work really good. The voice acting at least in the german version was as good as in the other ones and as always the humor is awesome.The problems start with the amount of places we go. With the exception of Kuvaq it felt rushed. You come to a places, get 5 Puzzles and head to the next one where you got 3 Puzzles and so on. The games uses different versions of the same places a few times, but no where as well as Day of the Tentacle did back in the day. Instead we visit a ton of different places which makes kinda sence for the story but wasn't really fun. In most places you got 10 interaction points or less which makes the game almost to easy (took me about 10 hours to finish it, which is the shortest Deponia for me). The Puzzles even almost disapear near the end of the game and i felt a little like playing a telltale adventure where there is a lot of story to be told but little gameplay around it.Still, Deponia 4 together with the other Daedalic adventures are the best the genre has to offer since the Lucas Arts era in the 90s. That's why i gave a thumbs up!But as a fan of the series i have to get back to what i said in the beginning, the game shouldn't exist. I'm quite sure the intent of making the fourth part in the first place was to show that. There was a lot of feedback after Deponia 3's end because it wasn't the happy end most of us wanted. I'm not very happy that Rufus died in the end either but it works with the story and kinda had to happen to make the rest as great as it was. It was a great Ending!And to prove that it should not be changed, part 4 was made. The game even tells us that to the face...it is the moral of the story told to us by Goal.So why shouldn't they have made it? Because all it did to me was to show me what i allready knew about the original ending (which now is still the ending i guess) by telling a story about crushed hopes which quite honestly makes me pretty sad. The game gets your hopes up, just to spit on them with the fact, that even in an endless number of itterations, there can never be a happy ending (and i really like happy endings! 8[). Would there be no part 4, the story would still be the same but with less tragedy. I'm struggeling to find the right words here so i hope some of you get my point after finishing the game (which you should do if you are a fan of the series, especially if you didn't like the ending!).So summed up: Definitely buy the game if you like Deponia because of it's humor and funky characters, especially if can't accept the End of Goodbye Deponia. But there might be some feels!"
,Recommended,421050,21899364,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Magicdietz,"This game continous the great adventure series of Deponia. If you like adventure games, this game is for you!The Soundtrack is great, characteres are equally lovable and hateable and on top of it there are beautiful, hand drawn graphics.On the negative side, not every minigame is perfectly thought through, they are however skippable. In comparison to Deponia 1-3 the minigames felt easier to me, so not a lot of frustration going on there, which is fine by me.A lot of negative reviews ONLY consider the END. This is of course short sighted and highly emotional, it is a great game. I even liked the ending of Deponia 3 and thought of it to be very fitting. In Deponia 4 you get an ending, which is about inevitable fate and the struggle against it. It has a philosophical meaning and is at the same time a well prepared punch line, which fulfils a joke spanning over the entire game.Some might find this joke tasteless. I find it hilarious and ingenious."
76561198234400356,Not Recommended,421050,33946344,Posted: 1 August,all,weraoxalis13,"It´s just a huge middle finger to all players and fans of Deponia.  I love all Deponia adventures except this one. It was sooo confusing, Riddles boring and most of all....all this time travel sh..t. I am dissapointed. This game resolved nothing. The story is so weak, that I´ve palyed it only beacause I wanted see the end and move on to the nex game on my list.SPOILERSYou can´t do anything about the ending, But that´s not the actual problem. The problem is, when you create another game just for LOLs, and make some money on it. I just can´t reccomend it. Don´t buy it. Not worth the money."
76561198328861212,Not Recommended,421050,34823008,Posted: 8 September,all,ReeseBlack,"Let me get this straight, I'm a huge Daedalic fan and so far loved all their point-and-click adventures. (I even bought them up to four times due to an unfortunate real-life adventure. :D )Deponia 1-3 was great and I am one of those unthankful idiots that was disappointed in the ending. I guess life has the most unhappy endings, so I wish for happy ones in made-up stories, okay? ;)I waited long until I finally purchased Deponia Doomsday and I thought it was nice that they gave Rufus another chance. Yes, he's a pain in the a**, but still quite a fun character I grew fond of.So yeay, another Rufus maneuver, another chance to make things right....right?Far from that. I agree with other players here that it doesn't really fit into the whole Deponia story, that it feels a little bit like a desperate attempt to fix something and then in the end only wanting to directly punch everyone in the face. I could hear the devs laughing, while I watched the credits puzzled and thought: ""That's it? Seriously?""Don't get me wrong, there are nice riddles, the familiar scenery of Deponia, you finally get to Elysium (*cough, cough* only to destroy it *cough* Darn it, Ronny!), there's Goal and close to the end the story takes a turn that makes your head ache. No, there's nothing missing that makes it a nice point-and-click adventure. But I felt like the title ""Doomsday"" couldn't have fit any better. At some point I think the devs just stopped caring. For example Rufus walks over a dead pigeon several times...maybe funny, but rather lines up with all the jokes that really went to far in this one. It just keeps going, Rufus is sometimes so awfully rude and annoying that I wished I had an option to change his attitude after all. Plus you don't really want Goal and Rufus to be together, because you want to spare her from this unbelievable ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.And then basically all other characters you knew don't exist in this one. No Bozo, only a little bit of Lotti at the beginning and (thank god) only a small part for Cletus as well.And after going through this really effed up portal madness you get to the ending, only to find out that this must be the most disappointing revival of a protagonist in a game ever. I hated it. And of course now they made sure that there is no chance for Rufus to return ever again. (You read that right. Finito!)Sorry Daedalic, I love you but this was no big fun to go through.I still recommend it, if you're into point-and-clicks and twisted stories. Also I guess this would work without playing the trilogy first...maybe that would even be more fun."
76561198028101712,Recommended,421050,21590486,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,kajidiablo,feels more like a game representing a big fk you to anyone who hated the ending and this tells you why it is what it is....id love to go into more detail but ill spare those still wanting to play it.it has its moments and some times i enjoyed but in the end it feels like it added more questions then it answered and theres a few inconsistancies that buged me but all in all i guess its up to you if you want this or not  5/10 because it doesnt feel like a full game
,Recommended,421050,24239273,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,theCrazyJohn11,"i got most achievements in all 4 games and read/saw all bonus stuff. All i got to say is that, im excited for the next ""last game"""
,Recommended,421050,24299983,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,daniel.jozsef,"Yay, this was actually funny! :) Morbid yes,  but funny. Totally not cringy like the last one. Loved it.In the end the ending didn't change. I could have done with a better ending, but I'd say it's not that bad at all. Kinda less depressing than it was previously.Anyway this game pretty much restored my appreciation for Daedalic, they did good here."
76561198015475553,Recommended,421050,21683273,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Xv0st,"After that ""Back to the future"" film is too-too primitive.12 time loop from 10PS: I wanna will see the continuation."
,Recommended,421050,21698199,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,ltank129,"I fell upon this studio entirely by accident. There was a pack of their games on sale and I got it.I have since bought nearly all of their games. It's a serious problem, but whatever.The point is that Deponia is among their best. It takes the best features of the Point and Click Genre, the wacky humor, the wild long convoluted ideas that just make sense, and it exemplefies them, but in a unique, humorous, fantastic way.Now, I played through the first trilogy, and I took great glee in them. They, among Daedalic's other titles, have revived my belief that Video Games can be as strong a narrative form as any.If you love Deponia, or Daedalic, the opening sequence makes this game worth it. If it were not for finals, I would be playing it more. After finals, there is a high chance I will write a literary paper on this series, because I honestly feel like there is enough there to do that. I'll update my review at that point."
,Recommended,421050,21670094,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Ragnarök,"The game has everything you loved about the other deponia games, so the game wasnt bad in anyway.But, it dosnt add anything to the main story of the other games in the end and I could have lived on with out this sequel.I felt the ending was good in goodbye deponia, so it could have stoped there. I liked the game all the way to the end, but afterwards it didnt feel rewarding.Play the game for the experience, not for the ending."
76561198002651559,Recommended,421050,35192471,Posted: 24 September,all,[CPC]Zerger,"The best and craziest episode of Deponia by far !!!If you enjoyed Deponia, you must play this one !!!"
,Recommended,421050,21574400,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Rl'ycoteph,"EDIT: I've finished the game, so I can now write a full review for it. I'll leave my original first impression at the bottom.Naturally, the game's art and voice acting are still of the same high level they were before. The humour feels like it got slightly tamer, but I actually think that's a good thing because the previous games veered into ""dude, not funny"" territory a few times (especially the third one). In sheer playing time, this game also took me the longest of them all. I think this might be because the puzzles are just a bit more obvious this time, which means I never got stuck for so long that I opened a guide but rather spent more time thinking about puzzles myself. (To be fair, after 3 games you have a very good idea of the kinds of solutions Deponia typically requires, so that might also be why the puzzles are more obvious.)What I didn't like so much are the timed parts, because if you fail them you have to time loop and waste a lot of time and effort retracing your steps. The game's final section is especially guilty of this, and by far the most frustrating part of the game because of that.Speaking of the final section, it's also where I started to lose track of the story. It becomes a big complicated mess of timelines and copies of characters. I guess the idea is to show what happens when you unleash Rufus' chaos onto time travel but it did make it a bit hard to figure out what was happening.Overall, I don't think this game is as good as the rest of the series. I understand the point the devs tried to make with this fourth game, and I enjoyed the additional characters, character development, story, context and insight in Elysium, but I feel it misses the direction and urgency that the original trilogy had. It's an ""extra"" game that's not really part of the main storyline of the original series, and feels more like a bunch of ideas the devs couldn't put in the other games that were linked together with timetravel.In conclusion: I recommend it, but only if you enjoyed the first three games and realize that what you're about to play is basically just extra stuff and more Rufus-ing around.ORIGINAL REVIEW BASED ON FIRST IMPRESSIONS:Please note that this review is based just on my first impressions of the game. I'll probably update it once I finish playing, but for now I wanted to share my thoughts with people who are also fans of the series and don't really know what to expect.Those first impressions are very positive. The game's humour, puzzles, art and voice acting all remain of the same high level as before, although the fourth wall has rusted all the way down this time. Storywise, the game takes a very interesting turn. The narration itself opens by more or less saying ""oh? you didn't like the ending to the third game? you want a different ending? well be careful what you wish for"", which gives me confidence that, rather than a quick attempt to 'fix' the ending that so many people didn't like, this will be more like a deconstruction of that idea.My recommendation right now? If you're a fan of Deponia, get it. If you've never played a Deponia game before, go play the first one, because obviously this one contains HUGE spoilers, right in the opening animation. If you're still in doubt, wait a few days for the full reviews to drop in. But I expect them to be positive as well."
,Not Recommended,421050,21718810,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Yoda,"Not a bad game but don't live up to the name of original trilogy.It starts well and goes down with each chapter and the last part of the game is pure garbage.Some argue that you can simply ignore ending and enjoy 3/4 of the game and be happy with it. But I think stamping ""recommended"" mark on it will not do any good for developers as they clearly steer in wrong direction with it.Also they should get rid of QTE elements, they add nothing."
76561197968073802,Not Recommended,421050,28984213,Posted: 3 January,all,[LR] Laffi,"I love the game very much, but I'll give the game a thumbs down for howthey totally ♥♥♥♥ed up the ending!. I would recommend playing the three first games though :)!I am 100% sure that I would give this a game thumbs up if Daedalic released a new one with a more satifsfying end of story. Sure I love the game, characters and how everything looks, but some games should really not be ended like this."
76561198141172476,Recommended,421050,21681405,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Das_qDr,"Well, Poki did it again. This is one hell of a great game, you just can't quit. It's like a roller-coaster, so many great places/characters/situations flash before your eyes, it feels you with joy and excitement. It's just so good to spend time with beloved characters. The ending is bitter sweet. It's much, much better than the last one, because there is a sense of closure, it just that, Poki, being a magnificent ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, managed to rip up old wounds.Don't listen to all those bad reviews, this game is a gem. Just leaves you mellow and sad for couple of days.Go and buy it, now!!!"
76561198079774395,Not Recommended,421050,30436115,Posted: 10 March,all,lovelyzero,"Deponia Doomsday feels as if a child asked their parent for a lollypop and the parent after being pestered said ""fine"". Then the child receives the lollypop only to find it isn't the flavor they wanted.Basically if you are hoping for a happier ending you can forget it.Although I do recommend finishing out the series, it doesn't have the same pull that the others did. Couple a tedious storyline with lots of timers and you can find yourself heavily frustratedjust to revisit what is basically the same ending to the story.All in all this game is still far more entertaining that a lot of other games you will find out there but as for a Daedalic game, they didn't really meet their own standards."
,Recommended,421050,21694794,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,HoundOfTindalos,"Only played for a couple of hours but I already know it'll be one of the best in the series. Lots of funny references, humour is still classic Deponia style, and doesn't feel like a cheap cop-out ""fans didn't like the ending so lets quickly make a game with a different ending to appease them"". I think this'll be my favourite game of the series, I look forward to playing more and seeing how the story goes"
,Recommended,421050,21654723,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Mcbeen,A great ending to the story of Deponia. Wasn't a needed game but a much loved one took about 11hrs to complete which is slightly longer than the others in the series
,Recommended,421050,21654935,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Ricolas Bonzly,"Just when we were so sure the franchise was over, Deponia Doomsday came out of nowhere. I couldn't be happier to see the characters back in action!// (SPOILERS ahead)If you've played the previous games in the franchise  you'll know that Goodbye Deponia ended with some pretty significant character development on Rufus' part. It seems like the guys at Daedalic really know what they're doing, because, by starting the game chronologically before any of the other installments, it meant we could keep Rufus as the loathesome jerk we love to hate. As always, Rufus  has more potential for chaos with each game to date, and with Deponia Doomsday centering around time travel, I can't wait to see how far Rufus ♥♥♥♥s things up. I love the concept of timetravel, and just how much potential it has for situation comedy... I just hope this doesn't retcon the previous game's plots out of existance.// (End of Spoilers.)I've only played a couple of hours so far, but from what I've seen, Deponia Doomsday works well as both a good start for new players, and a fair continuation to old players. It's already making plenty of references to the previous games, but so far it's not been in a way that alianates new players (well done!).I've played the three previous games, and in my opinion this one is the most gorgous to look at (both in animation quality, and overall design). The backgrounds are beautiful. The music is charming.And I still can't believe the whole thing is animated in Photoshop!It has a fast start to the plot, and an instant hook, leaving the player with plenty of mystery to start pondering from the get-go. I really look forward to seeing the plot fully unfold, and seeing how it all ties in to the old games."
76561198071845872,Recommended,421050,21616129,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,wearlt16,It's a game with backbones.
,Recommended,421050,24115703,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Bobo [Hobo],"This is a great game to close the Deponia story. The jokers are still good and the story is complexer than in the previous parts. Still, I have never been more emotionally scarred by a game than by this one.10/10, great game"
,Recommended,421050,21634188,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Shernjr,"Just as beautifully detailed at the trilogy. The puzzles are wacky and ingenious, makes you wonder the outcome of solving the puzzles, as you can't imagine what will happen. One of the best parts is the singing, I absolutely enjoy listening to it. Obviously I'm very early into the game, but the story so far is pretty good.edit 1: 7 hours into the game, I am thoroughly enjoying it (addicted I think). The plot is very intruiging, can't wait to see where it takes me. The puzzles are sometimes too vague to figure out, and it can get stressful at times.edit 2: Just finished the game. I do not like the ending. Some may be satisfied, some others will not. SPOILERgoes a full circle and then Rufus just dies. I believe there will not be a sequel, as this is how the developer's intendedfor what happens to Rufus and Goal :(. But here's hoping this game is a setup to future Deponia gamesedit 3: for those ""solely"" looking for closure to the trilogy (as inhappy ending. I wish it had some fanservice at the ending showing the two together in the alternate timelines, that would allow for some closure for those who love happy endings), do not purchase as this game will ruin your expectations. Buy it for the fun puzzles and challenges and plot."
,Recommended,421050,21647905,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Mozalbete,Truly the wildest ride.
76561197985409550,Recommended,421050,21660719,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,bgrunge,"Hilarious, charming, and surprisingly heartfelt at times, Deponia Doomsday is probably the best game in the series, and certainly the longest and most satisfying. There's plenty of Rufus's misadventures here, only now he's managing to alter time, with hilarious results. One of the better adventure games out there for sure, especially if you are a fan of the previous Deponias, and/or of the old LucasArts adventure games. A true gem."
76561198073477599,Recommended,421050,21670261,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,ZirQu,"Overall feeling: Positive, but with some mixed emotions about parts of the game.Game length: 15 hours (for me, with no walkthroughs and getting stuck a few times)Positive:+ More Deponia, Rufus and other characters, Huzzah!+ Same humour as the trilogy+ Some new mechanics in the puzzlesNegative:- Some dialogues felt a bit offensive, even for someone who has previously thoroughly enjoyed the original trilogy- Game feels a bit..disconnected. It's like an extra chapter in a story that was already happily concluded.Deponia Doomsday was something I did not expect. I was one of the (apparently) few people who liked how the original trilogy ended. Nevertheless, I was elated to see the launch trailers and get to go back to a world and characters I loved.For those of you new to Deponia, Doomsday is not be the place to start. All of the games in the series form a continuous timeline (or several) that should be played first to fully understand what is going in this game. So if you haven't played them before, go and look up the Complete Journey and return to this title afterwards.Deponia Doomsday is what any Deponia player should expect by now. Rufus is up to his (sometimes questionable) antics, and a lot of the familiar faces from the old games are back as well. The game has added a few new mechanics with which to solve puzzles with, but other than that it's much of the same. If you're a fan of Deponia and have a thirst for more, you won't be disappointed.If I had to point out something negative or something I found annoying, it would be some of the dialogues. In many of them throughout the game, the characters do refer to ""bad endings"", almost excessively so. It is clearly meant as a joke, but it personally makes me feel like the game has just been made due to complaints and demands for more content. It doesn't outright mock anyone, but it did make me feel a little uncomfortable. It's not a major element in the dialogues but frequent enough to have annoyed me and soiled some of the atmosphere.All in all, I did however enjoy Doomsday. The series didn't really need a new game as the trilogy completed the story very well. I'm still happy to have played it and seen new places and characters in a world I love. If you love Deponia and want one more visit, go ahead. It is not as good as the trilogy was and definitely not perfect, but it is fun."
,Recommended,421050,21619364,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,0N$AMAND3R,0/10 only 1 huzza poki song
,Recommended,421050,21649250,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Treefriend,"The fans asked, and the fans received : the end of the trilogy left a bitter taste in the mouth of many and this is DE's answer to their prayers.However, the developers decided to put the ""endings"" as a main theme of the last episode (so far) of Deponia.Exploring an old sci fi theme, without naming Back to the Future, the main protagonist will now have the chance to save the initial trilogy's ending, and therefore please the community.Did Doomsday succeed at that?As far as I'm concerned, I really enjoyed this new brick in the Deponia's universe, and I'm sure it will please anyone who wanted more from Rufus and his annoying behavior and tendency to ruin everything.Concerning the ending itself, it still leaves a lot up to interpretation and imagination, I'd say no less than the previous one.It is Daedalic Entertainment's way of announcing its fanbase that their endings are often not simply ""happy"" and simple ones (their series often end in a strange way indeed) and that trying to find a way to get another ""better"" one is something they don't like doing.Now who am I to complain about what should have or should have not been?My hopes are for another game continuing the ambiguous ending as this latest episode has set a few new things to explore in its universe.Is it really the final touch to Deponia?"
,Recommended,421050,21691848,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Piergiuseppe,A fitting conclusion for the story of our dear Rufus.Daedalic knew from the beginning the reason why we wanted this game.Still wondr'ing what if...
76561198085011135,Recommended,421050,21585403,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Super Tramp,David ♥♥♥♥ING Hayter!!! How awesome is that?
,Recommended,421050,21679726,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Kwereq,"I love the game. I loved the former ones and this one is even better in my opinion. I've just finished it at 5 am. I think it speaks for itself. The story is really good. The puzzles are challenging but not too difficult. I get stuck twice, but I'm not a really good player.The ending get me a lot of feels, a lot to thing about. I wouldn't exchange it for another one."
,Recommended,421050,21627564,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,MetalHeroOfTime,"The fourth game in the Deponia series, made strictly because people complained about the ending of Goodbye Deponia. It seems to me that it was made as a way to say that people just need to accept the ending of the series. Constant jokes about things coming in fours occur.The gameplay and humor is exactly like the original trilogy. Rufus picks some random object up, says a joke, and uses it to solve puzzles. The puzzles are pretty good in this one. The only one I had a real hard time with was the star puzzle in the amusement park. It says you can't do something to it but you actually can.I laughed a lot at the jokes. The new characters were cool, such as the time traveler McChronicle, alcoholic bum Tuck and the clown Pimpi the Pimp. The locations were interesting too.In the end, I recommend the whole series fullheartedly if you like dark humor and can stand some offensive things."
,Recommended,421050,21691933,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Professor Pfeffersack,"I'm only at the beginning of the game, but I can already say I like this game. The writing, the characters, the atmosphere... it's all there. The premise with which they sustain the continuity of the story is good. I don't know how the story is going to play out, but after 3 great Deponias I trust the writers to make me laugh out loud constantly. And thats the reason why I love this series so much. The jokes and especially the great syncro (I'm playing it in German) never fail to amuse me."
,Recommended,421050,21680458,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Mr. Matt,"This game came out of nowhere for me. I saw an announcement trailer the day before it launched and jumped a little out of surprise. I never expected a fourth game out of the series, based on the ending of the third game. I don't want to spoil anything about the fourth game's ending, because if I said anything about how it made me feel, exactly, it would be giving away too much. I will only say I didn't like it, but it did not leave me feeling gut-punched like the third did. The fourth's was very unsatisfying and a bit confusing.This is a series that will melt your brain if you start anywhere but the beginning. Someone could try to make due, but you're so much better off starting from the beginning. It goes Deponia, Chaos on Deponia, Goodbye Deponia, and Deponia Doomsday.The game's story, aside from the ending is surprisingly quite complicated. It revolves around time travel, multiple time loops, multiple versions of different characters, interim time, determinant time travel in addition to whatever the other part of time travel is, time portals, time machines, and- and...yeah, so picture a very complicated Doctor Who plot, but make it at least 5 to 10 times more complicated than it is, sprinkle in some Deponia comedy, and you've got this game's storyline. Even if you can ""kinda"" follow it, the story was more interesting than any of the first three games for me. I'm not sure how I found it to have the best story when it made the least sense, but whatever.The humor in this game is spot on. It feels like the humor of the first three games, and there are even a few meta jokes referencing that there were three games before this one and that people didn't like the ending of the third. It's mostly analogies and cheeky ways of saying it. They don't just say ""Goodbye Deponia's ending sucked"" or anything -that- blatant, thankfully.This game's puzzles were the least annoying out of the entire series. This game, along with Chaos on Deponia, had puzzles that I rarely had to go to a walkthrough for. A couple of them were just absurd and cruel, in my opinion, but a large number of them could be figured out using dialog cues, common sense, and a tiny bit of trial and error.In short, this game has some of the series' best puzzles, some great jokes, a very complex, albeit occasionally confusing story, and an ending that is disappointing but probably won't upset you as badly as the third game's ending. If you only want to play this because you want a different ending than Goodbye Deponia, I would say that's not a good reason to buy this game. Thanks for reading."
,Recommended,421050,23813321,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Skel1,"This was a solid fourth installment. Daedalic makes the best point and click games around, and Deponia is to me their best universe. What a trip. Challenging puzzles. Ridiculous humor. Rufus being rufus. Time travel. Amazing game. Without using any online guides this game took me almost THIRTY HOURS to complete. Some of the puzzles were just as insane as the first three deponia games, so if you don't want to lose your mind, you're going to be checking a walk through.  Like others said, spoilers, the ending sucks just as bad as the last deponia game, but they sort of left an open ending with the word ""hope"" thrown around, so hopefully we'll see a fourth installment."
,Recommended,421050,21698650,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Shira,"It is a good game, but buy it with a good discount.Once again, as a previous parts, it's almost impossible to compelte the game without using any guides. However the story line is not perfect but is ok and worth playing the game in general.Hope that now it is the end for Deponia series."
,Recommended,421050,21669110,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,SchnabelTERRA,I really want a 5th one now D:
76561197971437777,Recommended,421050,21687729,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Belial,I was very much surprised to see that another Deponia title was going to be released and was really looking forward to playing it. And it definitely did not disappoint. I laughed a lot while playing the game and found all the time travelling to be a really fun game mechanic. I personally found the riddles to be a bit easier than in previous titles but there were still some brain teasers in there.So. if you liked the previous Deponia titles you will probably also have fun with this one. The ending might not be your run of the mill Disney ending but I personally always find that refreshing and I liked it.
,Recommended,421050,21701360,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,JayWifi,"Absolutely AmazingAfter 13 hours of playing this wonderful game, the Deponia series has finally come to a conclusion. It was so nice to see the characters that I have loved once again in all of their crazy adventures. I even like the few new characters they introduced, as well as learning about the past of Deponia and Elysium.The plot line was very very confusing, and will probably rattle around in your head for quite a while due to this game involving time portals and paradoxes. Overall though, I believed this was an amazing last installment of Deponia and I will surely miss this series.My thought on the ending (Read only if completed):I just don't know, when I started this game I thought it would end the way I wanted it to be. That would be Rufus and Goal happily together wherever they shall be but alas Daedalic even on their best day cannot seem to make a fully happy ending. (I'm looking at you Anna's Quest and Edna and Harvey) What I could make out of the ending was that after Goal was dropped off by the Utopians, I assume she was taken to Paradox City where she lived out her days ""with faint memories"". While it was a better ending than Goodbye Deponia, just the sight of Goal being left alone by herself throughout time depresses me. But I guess this ending is the best we can get. I will miss you Deponia."
76561198047419315,Recommended,421050,21696618,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,timmo4444,"They call him ruuuuufuuuus. Yes, he's back! Along with a zany cast of characters and wonderfully absurd puzzles. This game came without warning and its worth every second you didnt know you were waiting for it.  Seriously, if youre a fan of the other games, what are you waiting for? Theres no time to lose, rufus is really cornering that market, in this awesome time travelling adventure epic. Long live deponia! Organonnnnnnn orggannonnnnnn ohh ohhhhh"
,Recommended,421050,21698490,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,mkovarik,"Like its predecessors, Deponia 4 has its problems: absurd puzzle solutions, sexist and racist jokes and tropes, and a dislikable main character. But if you've already completed the first three adventures, then this is something you have come to expect or at least tolerate.In contrast to the previous titles, Deponia 4's puzzles are more straightforward. And the mini-games are a little easier. But there is only one song sung. And overall there is very few new music. But the artwork is good as always.The series is known for having interesting gameplay mechanics despite being a point-and-click. And Deponia 4 is no exception. This game relies on cleverly using time travel to solve puzzles. You will also get about 12 hours of gameplay. Overall, I think this a welcome addition for the series.Spoiler: Like its predecessor, Deponia 4's ending isn't exactly happy. But if you spent $30 and 12 hours of your time just for a story ending, then I feel no pity."
,Recommended,421050,26857590,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,The Villain,"This is the type of game where you shouldn't read too many reviews, but if you have played the previous Deponia games then you will REALLY enjoy this one."
76561198003242228,Recommended,421050,24801958,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Wilq,wait what
,Recommended,421050,23213488,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Watchit [Cybernetic Bird],"Man... And I thought Homestuck had a lot of time shinanigans. If you like temporal nonsense, and like to theorize about non-deterministic time travel. This game is for you."
76561198182948594,Recommended,421050,25627664,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Norulla,"+The detailed graphic brought me absolute comfort+It was just simply entertaining.+The plot had it's turns which I loved and even though the finale was absolutely perfect, I...-......I can't help but be left feeling disapointed in this story (You, who are clueless, play the game and you will see).-More clues would have been in order, perhaps? Maybe I am a little bit too stupid, but... I had to use a walkthrough in order to get help. Uuuunles there was some sort of a question mark button I missed everytime I got lost?"
,Recommended,421050,25572075,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Frosty,A truly fantastic and enoyable return to 2d puzzle adventures strongly focused on time puzzles. This is what a child of classic Deponia games and Day Of The Tentacle would look like. Play the original trilogy before playing this to get the most out of Deponia Doomsday.
,Recommended,421050,27995556,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,WarriorBard,"I think this one sums up the series nicely. I hate how it ended but I think that's what the creators were trying to tell me. This series is the story they wanted to tell and the ending is their own. How we react tells us more about who we are, which, of course, could be said for any game. However, this will remain the game which taught me that. Dammit."
,Recommended,421050,33601465,Posted: 16 July,all,vokseli,"+ Time travel as a theme.+ Audio, visuals, the usual.+ Voice acting.+ Length.- Timed puzzles.- Reversing time while losing all your progress.- Game stopping bugs.- Some really illogical puzzles. Might be due to some things lost in translation?3,5/5"
,Recommended,421050,27544858,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Nicholas Bird,I forget where the real Rufus! Fantastic! A masterpiece lore!
76561198109472683,Recommended,421050,28907410,Posted: 1 January,all,MiriusBlue,11/10 wana play it again  :-D
76561197972452232,Recommended,421050,21698236,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Eisenkraut,"More Deponia! Great as always. If you liked the original triology, you'll like Doomsday as well."
,Recommended,421050,21708781,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Krdan,"At first, without spoilers, beware that's not a prequel nor a sequel strictly speaking, it's more than a side-story, pay attention to the introduction of the game after the tutorial, summarizes pretty well, what you can, and can not expect to see in the game. Further observation in the spoiler box below.Overral, I liked the game, Daedalic always make quality games, and in this game both graphics and soundtrack are marvelous as in ""previous"" game of the series.Puzzle are fair most time, maybe a little undertuned to the one that are in the complete journey, but anyway they are much enjoyable.As usual in games with time travel, paradox are around the entire game, that can be funny or disorienting, sometime I had hard time to figure what part of the timeline they were talking about.That said if you're fan of the series, and paid attention in previous games, you will enjoy some funny cameo from characters already seen.About the story:The entire game is basically an explanation-made-game to clarify because Deponia ended with Rufus fall, and it could not finish otherwise.In my opinion the game story severely suffers from this burden, as with similar game about time travel, playing with the consciousness that everything you do is pointless (read it, in the end it will not affect main story in any way) sometime left me with a bitter taste in my mouth...I accepted the original ending long time ago, at first I hated it, as most people, but after some time I realized that it was fitting both the story and the characters, everyone was precisely where was supposed to be, but explaining again and again because it's the ""right"" ending, like in this game, just make it worse than it really is.I know it's somewhat pointless putting that into a spoiler box, as it not supposed to being read by people who don't want to know about the plot, but to make it clear, if you want an happy end, that's not the game for you, it will not rewrite Deponia's ending."
,Not Recommended,421050,21790990,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Steelshank,"Well, it goes without saying as a long time player and fan of Deponia,Pookie really dropped the s***bomb on the whole thing.Its one thing to have a ending that goes against what players want or were hoping for, Its another to completely disrespect the playerbase and fans of the game and especially those who have been spending their money on games from Daedalic.Pookie lost Daedalic a LOT Of customers and scared them off with Goodbye Deponia, I couldnt see what all the rage was about but i understood why so many of them were dissapointed and annoyed after speaking to them.Doomsday deponia just rubbed salt in that wound, Daedalic would be making a good move by kicking him out and getting somebody with the sense to respect the players that buy their games.The ending doesnt need to be good, That's not a BAD ending! Neither it is a conventional happy ending. But it seems Pookie just doesnt understand how to write a enjoyable story with a ending that people can enjoy.He utterly ruined with the most stupid plot and overused time travel garbage what could of been one of the greatest on going game franchises ever.Pookie, Why do you set out to lose followers from Dealic? As that is what you have successfully done twice now."
76561198135140705,Not Recommended,421050,23159970,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,GeoWolf,"Look, I don't care about happy endings. The ending to the last game was sad but it made its point and it made it well, I loved it, but this game... I don't even think I want to finish it.The game has all the charm and character from the last game, wrapped together with good old Daedalic charm, but as a point and click game its just meh. Whilst I don't mind running around with all my items at the ready clicking on everyone to progress the story, I mean that's what a point and click is, Doomsday took the p#@s with this game by adding a new feature,time travel, whilsts its fun in the first act it gets old fast as you have to spend hours running about not only to get the items but to then get them in order and in time to procced. This game almost forces you to get a guide and it almost feels like i payed £24 for a tabbing out simulator. If you want a game with wacky yet logical puzzles, get the first three but pass on this one."
,Recommended,421050,21573522,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Pezy,A must play for every Point & Click Adventure fan. Thank you Daedalic for keeping this Genre alive.
,Recommended,421050,21619483,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,codexus,"With the trilogy over, I didn't expect another Deponia game and as I started playing it, I was a bit skeptical. Deponia is obviously one of Daedalic's most successful series, so could it be just a pointless money-grab?But fortunately that isn't so. This game manages to make fun of all the usual time travel tropes with an hilarious mess of complex time lines, time loops and paradoxes while managing to keep an interesting story that still makes some kind of sense (in Deponia logic at least). I think this was a very fine line to walk and they managed to do that brilliantly.So I'm recommending this game to all fans of the series (but you really need to have played the full trilogy before)."
76561198022750630,Recommended,421050,21612541,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,michael_kuerbis,"Some people were sort of disappointed with the ending of the Deponia trilogy, so the developersexpanded it with DLC[/strike]made a short follow-up game[/strike]created a full-length sequel.Actually it is more of a mixture between prequel and interquel because Deponia Doomsday's plot is based around time travelling, starting before the trilogy and sometimes intersecting it. Time travelling stories always have the tendency to get very messy and Deponia Doomsday is no exception, but the game manages to keep it together.Only a few characters from the trilogy occur, but that is okay. On a downside though, Deponia Doomsday cuts the traditional chapter transition songs.Gameplay is the usual classic PnC adventuring (including one extra-nasty puzzle) with the occasional skippable minigame. Two things are new: they added countdowns to certain situations, which is actually fine, and they added QTEs where you have to click as fast as possible, which is a bit annoying.In summary, Deponia Doomsday is a pretty good adventure game. As a worthy addition to the original Deponia trilogy it should definitely be played by all its fans."
76561197965943403,Not Recommended,421050,28955313,Posted: 2 January,all,Unxious,"Enjoyed the previous titles but this one is boring.There are almost no puzzles to play. The calibre of the few puzzles is awful.A new timed sequence mechanic is overused and totally ruins the game.To much dialogue - I paid to play a game, not to watch a 5 minute inane conversation every other moment.The 'repeating time' mechanic was probably a good idea around the game design planning session but was badly implemented.Totally fails to give closure to the series, with an ending which failed to make any sense (no matter how clever they thought it would be)"
,Not Recommended,421050,30127666,Posted: 23 February,all,TotieMcScrotie,"Once again, Daedalic brings out a game with fun characters and wacky hijinks that somehow ends up disappointing. The story is convoluted, but I don't think that makes it a bad game. However, they've proven yet again that they can't write a good ending for the life of them.I've always enjoyed the art and worldbuilding that they did. And somehow they manage to make the main character likeable despite being the most self-centered man in the universe. It's always been about Rufus' interactions with others and how he just casually ruins peoples lives without a second thought.Despite all of that, the ending is terrible. If you played the original trilogy and you were disappointed by the ending, then don't bother picking this up. It somehow ends up being worse. I love playing the game itself, however the ending (and the last 30 minutes of the game really) left me feeling like I wasted my time."
,Recommended,421050,21580908,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,i suck,"Finally Rufus is back! Back with a great graphics, hilarious jokes and with mission to save the world. The game is great!"
,Recommended,421050,21593677,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,salesha42,"8/10, would go insane again"
,Recommended,421050,21580696,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Legendariske Malte,"I love it!!I have been so excited about this game ever since it was anounced and bought it the second it came out.I'm only about 2 hours in, but it does NOT! disapoint.At times it can be difficulr what you're supossed to do but that has always been the case with the Deponia games, it is never logical.If you liked the other Deponia games, you'll love this too.So what are you waiting for?? Buy it now!!!"
76561198027324922,Recommended,421050,21606701,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Wilhelm,"WARNING: If you have not played the trilogy yet, go away from this page right now. It is full of spoilers!!!!!-------------Style wise, Deponia Doomsday did not changed with respect to its previous instalements. The soundtrack is good as before. The puzzles are challenging as before (although I'm thinking they are a bit easier. But this might be that I improved on P&C games). And there is several jokes across the game. If you enjoyed playing the other Deponia games, you will enjoy this. Laso, on previous games I noticed small problems with lips syncing. On this one, I did not observed this.Now, when I'm playing an adventure game, the main thing that matters for me is history. And as is well known, the ending on Goodbye Deponia were not very well received. And this game is the answer for those criticizing the game. The game starts acknowledging this and threaten the players with a ""sharks and endings: don't tempt them"". The Huzzah song finishes it by explicitly saying: There will be no happy endings. So, it is clear from the very beggining what the game is about: exploring alternative ways to save Rufus and Deponia to let the players conclude by themselves that the end in Goodbye Deponia is the best one. Did this worked? Nope! Actually, the effect was the opposite. There is always hope. That is the point. Time travel is just not the way to do it!Still about the ending, it felt a bit artificial. The history flows in a natural way uintil near to the end. And the flow goes pointing in a possible happy end. But since that was not the writers' intention, he  forces things to go bad, so he can make his point. The positive thing is: at least this time, we have some closure. We know what happened to Goal, Rufus, Elysium and Deponia.That said, this gives players the chance to see some background on the events of the first game. We see Elysium, it is hinted how was the relationship between Goal and her father, Goal and Cletus and Rufus and Toni. So it act as a kind of prequel for the series as well. We can see what happened after the end of Goodbye Deponia, at least the general shape of the facts. This was a thing very much needed.Another thing that disapointed me a little: Looking at the soundtrack and achievements, I spoted just one Huzzah song! For me the Huzzah songs were the cherry in the cake for Deponia. It also worked as something that marked the beggining of a new chapter. I really missed them. Also, the new one is slight different. I persoanlly liked the old ones more.Generally speaking, did I like this game? Hell yeah! Would I buy it again? In a blink of an eye! The general plot is brilliant as was the trillogy plot. Deponia universe still as one of the best universes I experienced in a long time (at side of Mass Effect and Portal). Despite my critiscism of the ending, it was an improvement compared to the trilogy ending. And i had already accepted Rufus death. But playing doomsday, gave me hope that in some way, Rufus can still be saved... somehow. After all, the main point of the game is that on the end, there is always hope, isn't it?"
,Recommended,421050,21584629,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Medice,"This one is quite hard to review. I can't say I despise it enough to give a negative review, but there are some big faults in the game.As to the technical issues, I ran in to one large bug where I was running through terrain and couldn't interact with objects in scene. Luckily restarting the game fixed this.Game is about the same length as any single of the previous three. Difficulty wise probably easier than earlier games, considering I could figure things out myself in the 11 hours playtime, there being no guide available. There are some surreal puzzles though, and some of the puzzles are jarring in technical implementation. I'm not sure they playtested some parts of the game much.Some of the puzzles are satisfying and clever, and dialogue tends to be pretty good overall.And then something spoilerish, but something that can be a big deal to some:If you felt dissatisfied with previous game's ending, I can foresee you won't like this game's ending very much either. It can leave a bad aftertaste. Still, journey can be more important than the end result."
76561198058216138,Recommended,421050,21594473,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,[Schnitzel] Basy,"Deponia is back once more and I couldn't be any happier.It still has the Deponia feel and jokes, and Rufus is still a jerk.Add some Apocalypse feeling and it is perfect.Also two words:FUN ZONE"
,Recommended,421050,21581777,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,nooim Farmskins.com,YES after all this years i have been waiting it finally here and i play a littile bit from the game and i enjoing it alot.
,Recommended,421050,21588250,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,RG the Gynaecologist,"Stopped 2 hours into the game to write a 5 page review but wanted to know what Rufus does next so I'm just gonna leave a positive review here.""Pretty good game, would pay triple the price for this. Don't buy unless you've played the last 3 games..... um yeah, best game of 2016. 3/10,""-RG"
,Recommended,421050,26833113,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Schinknstangerl,"Deponia Doomsday is a great game with a controversial story, but it fits well. If you liked the previous titles, you will like this one too!"
76561198060301780,Recommended,421050,25451382,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,rocco.salvetti,I am a big fan of Deponia and this is a well worth sequel/prequel not inferior to its predecessors in any way. I wish I was in the team who made it.
,Recommended,421050,21612405,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Dorald Trump,"WOW, WOW and... WOW!This has been the best Deponia so far (hoping for a 5th, unlikely), in every feature of the game. The story is really cool and well structured, at least 11 hours of game play; point and click is brought to a whole new level for a graphic adventure game and most of all it's really funny! Hilarious moments come more often than ever.I definitely enjoyed playing it, and I think you will too, expecially if you like humorous and smart games like the old beloved Monkey Island or the more recent Runaway series.It's going to be hard to stop.9/10"
76561198042465322,Recommended,421050,25460141,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,nathaniel.czarnecki,If you liked Deponia then you have to play this one!Don't buy if you haven't played the previous parts of the series.PLEASEEEE Daedelic make more Deponia games... I'm sure you'll find a way.
,Recommended,421050,33192847,Posted: 3 July,all,Colynato,"Absolutely hilarious and incredibly brillant.Gameplay is similar to the previous games, though it is easier.This game is a middle finger to anyone who wanted a different ending to the trilogy, and that middle finger I whole-heartedly agree with.You hated the ending to the trilogy? Well, in life you can't have it all.Deponia Doomsday, with it's stellar puzzles, humor, and one of the wackiest time-travel stories ever, illustrates why the ending to the trilogy is perfect the way it is.If you liked the ending to the trilogy, maybe play this game.If you liked the ending to the trilogy and was annoyed by the whiny gamers who hated the ending, play this game.If you hated the ending to the trilogy, grow up and play this game.If you don't care about the ending to the trilogy, get your tin foil hat and get ready for the FUN ZONE!"
,Recommended,421050,23458212,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Kjen,"This game really awnsers alot of questions that were left out before, and has another enjoyable story to tell. The game itself is quite big and has lots of puzzles and Thing-a-majigs spread through the entire gameIf you're a fan of this series and played through all of the other games, then you will enjoy this one for sure.if this is not the case and you're new to this game and its story, you can still play it just fine on its own but you will just miss a bit of references thrown at you from the other games.I rate this game a 8.5/10 and recommend you give this a try if you like the story or really like point and click games mixed with puzzles"
76561198018513501,Recommended,421050,21610412,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Anmia,"Not as long and intricate as the original instalments, but well worth a playthrough."
,Recommended,421050,34447843,Posted: 23 August,all,Crystal Pepsi,"Hello! You might remember me from my review of Goodbye Deponia quite a while back, probably not but that isn't important.What we're here to discuss is the 4th (and I assume the last) game in the Deponia series. Our beloved trilogy is now a quadrology I suppose.I wrote a longer review in this Google Doc so if you're willing to read lots of text then go for it.https://docs.google.com/document/d/1oLu8vZxdNW4cOUDLaU65bIiYO7HpEJED2Oes4DdU3rk/edit?usp=sharingHere I'll keep it briefStory: Charming, interesting, it's what makes Deponia, Deponia. Including the disappointing ending.Gameplay: Great as always, has some of the most creative puzzles in the series.Soundtrack: Fantastic, though lacking in the ""Huzzah!"" songs we all know in love. How sad.Overall: I enjoyed it, this game did not need to exist, as it's clear that it was only made because we kept asking for it. Unfortunately it solved nothing.If you like the series, then play it."
76561198133125454,Recommended,421050,34544985,Posted: 27 August,all,Kagemaru,"Just finished recording my YT playthrough of this game and, same with the last game, the ending sucks. What is wrong with Daedalic that they can't make an ending?That said, overall, I have to I enjoyed the game. Same as last game, some funny moments, some interesting puzzles (not a lot, though), and the chance to see goal in a wedding dress was pretty good.But to be clear, Daedalic, if you make a fifth Deponia, TRY TO MAKE A GOOD ENDING.Adios, Auf Wiedersehen, Aloha and that good stuff,Kagemaru"
76561198165097562,Recommended,421050,34443480,Posted: 23 August,all,Ensatzuken,"When complains brings something good... A final deponia game for all people angry at the end of the trilogy... And even for the one that were fine with it.A good deponia game totally worth the play, even more if you liked/loved the trilogy before it.Only con: the damn Jackapole achievement... Who is the idiot that decided giving a 243 combination with the same 10 models to see over and over was good?!? (cause not only you have to set the combination in the cartridge but you have to create it too for it to be counted... Annoying to say the least)"
,Recommended,421050,23383479,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,¯\_(ツ)_/¯,one of my best game but the endding is just meh :/I hope for happy endding. It dissapointed me
,Not Recommended,421050,21672044,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,hauau,"Hey guys I heard you didn't like how Goodbye Deponia endedWell ♥♥♥♥ you- Jan Müller-Michaelis, 2016"
,Recommended,421050,21573745,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Mooreel,"What a surprise! Rufus is back.Deponia is one of this rare games one will never forget. It has a unique story, lovely characters, is filled with great texts and riddles and all just works perfectly together.This is a game one can see that the people behind that really love their work.Thank you so much for the sequel!"
76561198099021642,Not Recommended,421050,21868790,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,joy,"So, this game was a huge let down. Puzzlewise I preferred Doomsday to Goodbye Deponia, I didn't have to dwell on anything too long, which made gameplay pretty enjoyable. Art and the soundtrack is as good as ever. Plotwise, this game is totally unnecessary in the series. I was in fact happy to see a sequel come out since I was hugely disappointed in the previous ending which seemed hurried and out of character. So I was lured in to buy Doomsday with the promise of time travel and the possibility of being able to change things, only to be even more disappointed this time. This time around the ending managed to be even worse since the timeline was revealed two years further than last time, only to show us fans that none of it mattered anyway. The worst part I think is that the game let me hold on to hope until the end. As I finished I was pretty angry and felt as if I'd been not only scammed but also insulted as a fan. Nothing new here. Won't recommend."
76561198098857303,Not Recommended,421050,21895336,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,riverotterr,"I am EXTREMELY disappointed with how this game turned out.Like many other players have said, the game lures you in and makes you want to play, but then fails to deliver on multiple levels. The entire theme of each puzzle tends to be ""I made you do all this stuff, but then it means nothing anyway because another character did the same thing"". There are some minor glitches, but I can look past those, the overall feel of the game just isn't as good as the originals. They recycle half the levels over and over agiain due to the ""time travel"" aspect, and don't add much new stuff to the game.  Dedalic made eager fans wait a long time for absolutely nothing.The entire game is a big ""F-U"" to the entire original trilogy andNOTHING YOU DO IN THIS GAME MATTERS! THE ENDING FROM GOODBYE DEPONIA IS STILL THE SAME ENDING! THE PLOT DOESNT CHANGE! WHY WOULD YOU DO THIS?!?!?!?!"
,Recommended,421050,21582082,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,keeri,"It's a wonderful successor to the franchise, with some slight flaws like walkthrough being not very straightforward, but all the good things from previous games are still here, including the assets. The atmosphere has a larger variety, there are more backgrounds with both new and recurring themes; storyline is a little crazy, which is not necessarily a bad thing for the series."
76561198096760636,Recommended,421050,21582517,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Eastsider 4232,"Super excited to see Rufus back! So far have played for 1,5 hours but this game is just as awesome as previous trilogy! We got all the humor, amazing landscapes, familiar atmosphere and characters! What more can you ask for! Going to enjoy this game for next week or so.Update - I did experience a texture bug so did as support forum suggested - uncheck compressed textures and it worked.Now after a week of playing - wouldn't change anyhting in my review, super awesome game. Some of the jokes I will definetely use in my life. ""Nothing is ever physically safe from Rufus!!!"""
76561198035290819,Not Recommended,421050,22214668,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Mr. crazydude,I love Deponia but the game should have stopped at game number 1.This entire game seems a bit pointless. Without any spoilers I'll just say it's about time travel and as we all know time travel stories can be a big mess. Unfortunately this one is no different.Sure the pieces of the puzzle come to a whole in the end but it's very confusing and doesn't add anything to the Deponia series at all.The absolute worst thing about Deponia Doomsday. The most awesome character to me is and will always be the epic singing storyteller. But he only makes one brief and very short appearance at the start and that is it! Very dissapointing!So my final thoughts on the whole series is to just play the very first Deponia and leave it at that. It's an open ending but it's the best ending out there! Don't go exploring or looking for more!
76561198052734402,Recommended,421050,21617245,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,swankypoo,"Finally, a continuation from a sad ending. So far the game is awesome!"
,Not Recommended,421050,35162391,Posted: 23 September,all,The_DooMinator,"A Failed RedemptionFans asked for a better ending than Goodbye Deponia.Developers had a chance with time traveling portals concept to change that.Daedalicfailedthat simple task by copying ending from Goodbye Deponia & added very minor changes & thus,scammedtheir customers, including me.Due to unwillingness to take backlash from the fandom into the consideration,I have ceased financially supporting Daedalic with their other IPs & blacklisted them."
76561198011389899,Not Recommended,421050,22115127,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Woodsparrow,"I have loved all of the Deponia games.Unfortunately, this one just missed the mark. The story (somewhat intentionally) was a giant mess of indecipherable gunk. I mean,  normal Deponia game is goofy and doesn't make sense, that's part of the charm. But this was just bad.The puzzles are good (as always a few wtf ones that seem to have been literally written to prompt google searches), the art's as good as ever, and so is the music.But honestly. The story is terrible.I should add that I was incredibly excited when I heard this game was coming out, and bought it on release day, despite not having time to play it till now."
76561198006694956,Recommended,421050,21606327,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,yuirick,"Oh my, this came out of the blue! I was completely thrilled when I saw this, although I was well-aware that my thrill might make me expect too much of the game. Sad to say, that's what happened - I was mildly dissapointed in this game (no sarcasm, btw, It wasn't too dissapointing), especially because I feel it had a bit of a different feel to it from the other Deponia games.The other games often had comedy first, story second, yea? Well, in this case, it felt like it was the other way around. While that doesn't make this bad, it does mean that my expectation as a fan of this series was a bit misplaced. I expected to laugh a LOT. I expected to story to be mostly nonsense. Instead, I got only a few laughs, and a story of some depth. (It's not the deepest thing out there, but it had some depth to it)Pro:Most of the puzzles are sound and entertainingYou do get >some< funny moments out of this gameThe game is long for a point-and-click game, and rarely lets up and becomes boring.The game is a meta slap-to-the-face of the fans, and I love it! If you're a fan and starts playing this game, you'll know what I'm talking about.Music is solid, writing is solid most of the time.Art is great this time around, and it runs smoothly.Cons:One or two puzzles made no sense to me at all. I was stuck for hours.The game is generally not as fun as I'd liked.The time-travelling puzzle mechanic is incredibly annoying. ESPECIALLY when you find out it usually doesn't actually progress the puzzle.The ending of this game came somewhat suddenly. Not only that, but they made your efforts in the game seem somewhat... Meaningless. ""So if that other guy is solving all my problems, why am I even here?""All in all, I'd say the game is decent, though I definitely preferred the original trilogy. If you've played that and miss Rufus, then go ahead, this game will be for you! Otherwise, play the first three games first before playing this."
76561198058299890,Not Recommended,421050,21671637,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Domi ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),"This is practically the first time i am doing a review for an game,but Deponia Doomsday is from a gameplay technic part of view as always realy good and fun,but for a game,that tells us and tries to end the series of deponia one last time it does horrile.The end of deponia doomsday is so damn un-satisfactioning its not funny anymore.Realy you are practically getting the same ending as deponia 3..."
,Recommended,421050,21608806,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Charlie,Kill me
76561198008145570,Not Recommended,421050,34078029,Posted: 7 August,all,Reaver,the bad ending killed the fun
76561198102899587,Not Recommended,421050,21953462,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,AtomicEmmy,"Only giving the game a thumbs down because of - like a majority of fans, I was displeased with the ending.The game itself, as well as the previous trilogy was amazing. The journey was well written and the game mechanics were fantastic. The ending of the third game definitely was recieved poorly by fans and for good reason. We went on a journey of redemption with a loveable character only to have him recieve a depressing end. The fourth installation felt as if the creators were passive-agressively - though the game, rubbing salt in the wound of players as if saying ""this is the ending. we're not changing anything to please you"". So now I'm not sure if I would buy any more spin offs or games concerning deponia due to this. Which is a shame because I think they could make a lot of money continuing this franchise and actually LISTENING to its fans. Give the fans what they want, and you will benefit as well.Deponia doomsday was a good game with new time mechanics that made the game different and fun. The characters we love are still there, with new ones as well. The voice acting as per usual is on par. More mini games and puzzles added a nostalgic feeling. Music was reminiscent. But still, I felt the creators building up the suspense of the fans just to crush everyone's hope that the fourth game might actually appeal to us. After all, wasn't the catalyst of this game due to an upset of FANS who wanted a happy conclusion? It is kind of a slap in the face to fans who dreamt that a sequel or spin off would come and give us a conclusion we could actually accept and be happy with.Unless you're alright with a disappointing ending just as the last game, then I definitely recommend it. However, if you prefer not to be let down for the second time, then maybe ignorance is bliss and then I'd say don't buy it."
,Not Recommended,421050,26201060,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,namowrepus,"I bought this game with an expectation that it would be as good as the others in the series.  I played this game hoping it would get better.  I finished the game elated that the effing thing was done.I hated this game.The dialog was way way way too much.  Sometimes you skip dialog when it's getting a little long and you've got the gist of it.  With this game I skipped a vast majority of it because it offered absolutely nothing other than to waste time.  Speaking of time...the game has this WONDERFUL (read: awful) mechanic, where you had to go back in time and replay what you'd already done.  Using this mechanic one or two times this would have been ok but they kept using it and I felt like I was replaying the game over and over and over again.The humor in this game was disgusting.  There was actually a point in the game that made me physically gag it was so gross.The fact that I finished the game and got almost all the achievements has led me to the conclusion that I must be a masochist.  There's no other explanation for this.Sorry, Daedelic, this wasn't a win"
,Recommended,421050,21634370,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,tempestmichael,The deponia series is pretty much the best modern point and click comedy game going right now. Rufus fills the void guybrush threepwood left behind. This game is just as great as the last 3.
,Recommended,421050,34377605,Posted: 20 August,all,Sturmkrähe,"I'm in love with all Depoia games, Deponia Doomsday has some extra nice time-puzzles."
,Recommended,421050,21608406,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,BS86,"like all the others, simply a great game"
,Recommended,421050,21609224,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Kackatower,love it from the start :) very nicely done and a worty addition to the pre- triology..as far as i have played at the time i kind of rushed through and havent had any sticky situations..but I think there will be some time ;)
,Recommended,421050,21645687,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Alex,"Whoa! A fourth one.Earlier, I promised to stay away of any Daedalic titles until they at least continue Deponia because of the horrible ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ending. And now: here it is, they're back!Even if this ends even ♥♥♥♥♥ier, even if it sends you to the bottom depths of hell, this one is RECOMMENDED. And after completing, you can stay away till the next one xD--- PS ---And now, having it completed:+ Hint on possibility of sequel+ More RUFUS+ GOAL in a wedding dress+ Good Laugh, as usual+ GFX got a whole level up, even when compared with Goodbye Deponia+ Wide variety of places and appearances+ Really breaks your brain sometimes- Overal puzzle complexity is low, overall quality of minigames is low, some GFX elements are inconsistent- Only one Huzza song- A story with huge potential (timewarp) being too tight-packed- ENDING"
,Recommended,421050,21585764,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,ChokeSlam!,One Of the BEST game i played in my WHOLE LIFE!!! A MUST BUY GAME.
76561198006657755,Recommended,421050,21601920,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Jackyboy,"So, now that I played the game as a whole I can make a proper review. I played the whole trilogy and loved it. The ending was not what I expected or hoped for, yet I did not complain for it was very strong. I thought that was it. The journey was over, Rufus and Goal would've lived on in my gamer memories.And yet, I always wished things went down differently. A chance to go back, to do something different, to challange fate and see Rufus on Elysium. This game gave this to me.This game is NOT fanservice, this game is all about avoiding the unavoidable and fighting battles that can't be one. Yet it gives you hope. So if you fear this game breaks the other three, fear no longer.Story and comedy wise this might be my favorite chapter. I actually try to avoid the solutions of the riddles. Every fail is rewarded with a new joke. It is at least on par with Chaos and Goodbye.Last word of advice. If you don't mind subtitles, or if you actually know the language (gut fur dich Kumpel) PLAY THE GAME IN GERMAN. Rufus's voice actor is just hilarius.Dieses Spiel hat mir Deutsch gelehrt :)."
76561198118205686,Not Recommended,421050,22261535,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Einsen,"I dont recomend this game for a single reason, most of the people willing to buy it are hoping to get a better ending and well, there is just not a better ending, so if you came here for that... like me... dont buy it,  it helped me get over the previous ending and it made me realize, games with good stories dont always have to end happily...however... theres really no point on rufus sacrifice, if elysium makes it to utopia, both explode, if they dont make it to utopia, they die of starvation... theres just no happy ending for the world... which somehow links to the games original message, we are the arbiters of our own demise with all the contamination stuff and so on, and no hero, no sacrifice, may be enought to save us if we keep like this.Back to the game, its quality is amazing, the story is really good, the gameplay is as entertaining as it gets, the only problem? its too realistic to have a happy ending. Dont buy this game if you are looking for a impossible-to-achieve miracle-filled ending, theres none"
76561197991421336,Recommended,421050,34498759,Posted: 26 August,all,macos.spr,"No disappointment, waiting for next journey :)"
,Recommended,421050,33026292,Posted: 30 June,all,tidjean,"I enjoy play this game, no too hard not too easy. As funny as useal!! I recommand this game."
,Recommended,421050,25888112,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Chronoflare Andedare,...
,Not Recommended,421050,21679025,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Paper pony,"По содержанию - та же самая ""Депония"" с забавными героями, иррациональными загадками и специфическим юмором, чаще удачным, но временами уплывающим за грань хорошего вкуса. Все бы было хорошо, но ее авторы, похоже, слишком сильно увлеклись троллингом фанатов. ""Перезапуск"" в духе 5-ого Терминатора, многочисленные отсылки к прошлым частям и финал, оставляющий (буквально) те же впечатление, что и финал третей части, только умноженный на два (тоже буквально)... все это не расширяет и не дополняет историю этой милой вселенной, а скорее смахивает на фансервис, призванный поиздеваться над фанатскими ""а что если...?"" и громко и четко донести мысль разработчиков о том, что ""нет ребят, мы хотим закончить именно так, как закончили. И не надейтесь на большее. "". Если честно, жаль. Ибо закончили они плохо. Оба раза."
,Not Recommended,421050,21616009,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,6FG!SixFootGelfling,"I played this game from beginning to end (completed it) live for people on my stream and I've never felt so frustrated or embarassed on behalf of my viewers. Please understand that this review includes specific examples of events in-game that could be considered spoilers.Positives:Lovely hand-drawn art style. Competent voice acting. Highly detailed environments. Revisted old locations and characters in a fresh, new way.Negatives:Daedalic offers us unimaginative mini-games (click on the psychadelic red mushroom to make your Mario-Kart, er, go-kart, go faster), QTE events, shoehorned pop culture references (see the aforementioned Mario Kart), and ""read my mind"" item associations that become harder and harder to parse out the more frustrated the player gets.Also on the plate: shockingly off-the-cuff racism (Rufus comments ""There goes the neighborhood"" upon viewing a mixed race couple moving into an apartment), transphobia (telling a trans woman her bust is too small, her legs are too hairy, and her voice is too manly, immediately after said woman was assaulted, e.g., his beard ripped off and his genitalia presumably as well, by Rufus' on-again/off-again girlfriend Toni), and completely unintelligable logic (too many examples to even consider narrowing it down) makes DEPONIA DOOMSDAY an unimaginably low-brow, immature venture. As if giving their playerbase two giant middle fingers,The logic is, well, Deponian. As with the earlier installments, there are some leaps of logic you just have to feel froggy enough to get (bra underwire plus halved potatoes equals ear protectors? Okiedokie.). Most chapters will end up being a daisy chain of ""do this, then this, then this, then that, and now this"" consisting of ~20 steps, a gameplay style that has never been very rewarding. ""You want over twenty hours of gameplay out of a point-and-click adventure, dammit, you're going to get it!"" Having multiple action chains going at once would allow a player to switch it up if they get stuck, but DOOMSDAY offers one row to hoe, and God be with you if you get confused or lost, which may happen often. The logic shifts and changes, and players are expected to fumble around until they act against the pre-determined rules as well (even though there's no Interact icon, left-click anyway until something happens).Art assets are clearly reused from earlier games, and no more obvious than right at the beginning. Animations of new assets are smoother, while old assets are janky and stuttery. Entire scenes feel like they're missing, and the cinematics will simply jump ahead to avoid them, giving some transitions a terrible whiplash. Only once do we get the guitar player strumming us into a new chapter (even then, it's a disappointing, in-your-face ""shame on you for not liking the ending"" finger-wagging) and no tongue-in-cheek tutorial that we've come to know and love from the earlier installments.The ending is frustratingly convoluted, with the exposition dump insisting that the solution was there the whole time and this loop was really connected to this loop and we didn't realize that there were two major loops with smaller loops inside the loops and, and, and...okay, Rufus. As Goal and the guitar-player insist, we shouldn't ""taunt endings."" I've learned my lesson.Overall:It was a mediocre slog through a frustrating swamp of barbed wire. DEPONIA DOOMSDAY felt less like a new chapter in an oddball, quirky series and more like two big middle fingers for people who dared be unhappy or unfufilled with the ending to the Trilogy."
,Not Recommended,421050,34539516,Posted: 27 August,all,flavoured snacks,"i got stuck on the bug in the sauna and i quit. why is there still a bug in this game, its been out for a year. would not recommend"
,Recommended,421050,21610547,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,[     ]Uber2013 cand. iur.,Deez Feels....DEEZ FEELS!
76561198103397605,Not Recommended,421050,28268376,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Owlie,I wish I can just go back to the pastWhere I never played this gameIt's actually a great gameBut I you're more into the storyDon't even play this gameBut you're gonna play it anywayYou could complain about the endingIn the end you'll have to let go
76561198042218374,Not Recommended,421050,25631174,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,WillCody,"Nope. They're determined to*****SPPOIILLLERR***********Stick to their guns about the ending, and it's just as unsatisfying to put so much time in to get a very lackluster and not happy end."
,Not Recommended,421050,32749449,Posted: 24 June,all,DanteDoes,I don't enjoy spending good money on a game that turns out to be a metaphorical **** you to the fans.
,Not Recommended,421050,24120028,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,HanesGaz,Don't buy if you were devastated by the ending of Goodbye Deponia.
76561198016878782,Not Recommended,421050,34056362,Posted: 6 August,all,Corvo,The bad ending ruin the whole series.
,Recommended,421050,21575139,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,TODVIERVORDRONE,10/10
76561198020085437,Recommended,421050,21573996,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Nokzen,"Seems like a fun Point and click adventure, cant wait to dive further into this crazy story.Sometimes you just need a good point and click adventure right? This is it.https://youtu.be/bHEUygOrK1w"
,Not Recommended,421050,31885314,Posted: 21 May,all,OBookman,"WORST DEPONIA GAME EVER. Not only the story sucks ITS STILL BUGGY dont know how many months since it came out still this game doesnt work properly, the mini games get stuck, controls get stuck, character disappers, dialogues get broken and game stalls.THIS IS S**T dont buy it."
,Not Recommended,421050,34539894,Posted: 27 August,all,mœ §º¿¸º§,"if i whine about the ending of this one too, will they make yet another game?edit: wait i have to think like a sheep and complain about the ending enough to make my review negative despite enjoying the game up until the point & cannot accept that daedalic do not want another ending for the story however much i wish they pandered to me and me specifically,edit 2: send nudes"
,Not Recommended,421050,29450291,Posted: 23 January,all,711green,"Even though this game is good and continues the story I as many other players anticipated another ending which we didn't get in third chapter of the game. Something like that is stated by author's voice in the very beginning of the game.Thus I can't give this game a positive reply since I am totally not happy about how this fourth chapter of the game ends.This is either devs' mocking us or commercial way to make a demand on the next game in this serie.I very well understand that this single review won't change a thing but at least I try and warn others.So if you are going to buy it after all - be patient and wait for a good discount.----------P.S: these mouse clicking mini-games, these time events, I don't want them in a game like deponia.These repeating timeloops too - they are like a signs that devs wanted to slack of their job or even never make a fourth chapter."
,Recommended,421050,21582169,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Voodooman,Solid Snake's voice? It cant be!Game starts with Spray and lighter in inventory?I saw one game on MSX which ended just like this ;-)20/10 need more Rufus with mustaches!
76561198085780663,Recommended,421050,21572085,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,revolver128z,0.2 in to game. David Hayter.MGS/10
,Recommended,421050,21573987,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,^1Shep^8ardov,RUFUS IS BACK AT HIS MAXIMUM OF HIS RUFFIANISM. THIS TIME HE IS HERE TO STOP OUR CRYING ABOUT ENDING OF METAL GEAR SOLID 5 PHANTOM PAIN( OH♥♥♥♥♥♥ THERE ARE FEW WORDS ARE LOOK LIKE♥♥♥♥♥♥I SHOULD SAY) I MEAN GOODBYE DEPONIA.HE IS OLDHE IS COOLHE IS NOT BLACKHE IS NOT MY FATHER(HE IS NOT MY SISTER WITH♥♥♥♥♥♥HE IS NOT MY BOYFRIENDBUT HE IS SOMETHING IN MY HEART SOMETHING A CAN PAY FOR 30 DOLLARS OR 5 CATS.MUST HAVE #BRINGELLISIUMHOME
,Not Recommended,421050,21608675,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,X-ite_SDF,This game doesn't exist.
76561198263242045,Not Recommended,421050,30014503,Posted: 18 February,all,arabturk2003,"discusting game , i realy hate it so booooooooring ."
,Not Recommended,421050,21581639,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Reducks,"Okay, so wow right? A NEW Deponia game! After the ending of the third game I was pretty sure that was all there was going to be of the franchise. Anyway this isn't going to be a super indepth review, i'm just gonna state my feelings on this game and how it impacts the previous 3.To start off, this is a good game. It's funny and strange like the other three. Its feels like the devs never even lost touch with how this series is supposed to be presented like or how to write for it.Thats pretty much it for the review portion of this.Now for how I feel about this game and its inclusion into the series.Warning heavy spoilers below.It doesn't need to exist. There never needed to be a fourth game. You just end up ending the story the same way again as the third game did. This game was pretty much just the writers way of addressing the complaints of the players on the ending of the third game, which to be honest I really liked it. I was happy with how the series ended with Rufus sacrificing himself in order to ensure everyone on deponia and elysium were able to live together in relative peace. I know of course the writer could have made the story to where Rufus never had to sacrifice himself but they didn't. I know the appeal of wanting a happy ending too, I mean anyone who is interested in buying this game would have played the previous ones. I really wanted Rufus and Goal to have a happy ending where they are able to be together and be happy, but I know that not every story has to have a happy ending.While I really enjoyed this game and I do not regret buying it I don't think I could recommend it to fans of the original trilogy."
76561198087723804,Not Recommended,421050,29453313,Posted: 23 January,all,deeb,THIS WAS THE BIGGEST WASTE OF TIME IN THE HISTORY OF GAMING. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. DO NOT BUY ANY DEPONIA GAMES. ONCE YOU SEE THE ENDING AND HOW MANY HOURS OF YOUR LIFE YOU WASTED YOU WILL BE DOING THE SAME AS ME...RAGING YOUR♥♥♥♥♥OFF AND WANTING TO KILL YOURSELF GG
,Not Recommended,421050,21580118,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Shadow Esper,"I'm a huge fan of the Deponia series.I love the characters and world built and the writing is incredable.So why am I giving this a No?Well. Some of the puzzles are extremely obtuse, like most adventure games, combined with a few sections where you have to continually redo the same actions until you get it right.Before you read further. I THINK THIS SERIES IS BETTER WITHOUT THIS GAME.(Don't read this part. Smart people can figure out the ending just by my wording.)Secondly. This game felt like a huge slap in the face with the ending. Doubly so if you like this series.I cannot recommend this game. Not now, not like this.It's a perfectly good game, and extremely enjoyable.I'll only ever change to a yes, if there's a sequel. And chances are, if you're reading this, I've already accidentally spoiled the ending for you.So no. Do not buy this. I loved the game, and yet I still regret buying this."
76561198060580448,Recommended,421050,30406838,Posted: 9 March,all,Rasvis,what-a-masterpiece   ....dat ending tho.... :'c
76561198012023582,Recommended,421050,30595928,Posted: 18 March,all,lewrker,Pretty good variation on the original trilogy. A treat for fans.
,Recommended,421050,22016165,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Yung Seuss,Huzzah! Not enough chorus guy!
,Recommended,421050,25317616,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Meatball,"The story in each episode of the series always seems to step it up, and even if the game is not a classic adventure game, the action and sense of adventure are still very present.  The only shame that could come from this game is if they do not make another."
,Recommended,421050,27021238,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Cartina,"What people think of this games comes down to what they felt about the conclusion of the triology. Personally I was perfectly fine with how Deponia 3 ended thus I could have lived without this game and not been worried. Also the developers of Deponia Doomsday takes an oppurtunity to express why we can't all have what we want.If you liked Deponia 1,2,3 (Which you defintely should play first), I would recommend this game just for some more puzzles, albeit a bit easy ones to be honest, more Rufus-themed jokes which always keep entertaining and some hilarious characters, returning and new.But if you feel that you are satisfied with Deponia after playing the inital triology, this one can be skipped, even if it's a great game on it's own. IF you are craving something more, pick this one up and learn why making a new ending is not always the best solution."
76561198048630742,Recommended,421050,25885717,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Darriken,"At first I didn't like the ending of Goodbye Deponia; after reading other peoples responses, and watching it again I felt alot better about it.After playing through thisI agree, it is the one, true ending.Overall, it still has the same charm as the first three. I only resorted to Google for a couple of solutions - that upon reading were somewhat, painfully, obvious. If you liked the first three, it's a pretty safe bet."
76561198314140928,Recommended,421050,26210944,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,RinyaLeonheart,"Great game, love it to bits.But f*ck you, for toying with my emotions like this! I waited this long for this again!? Love the game but f*ck you. Rating 10/10."
,Recommended,421050,26518222,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Twice Dead,"Play it after you've played the three previous games, and if you enjoyed those, you will definitely enjoy this game as well, nothing to worry about there as the game brings what you already loved about the series in buckets... While also bringing back the somewhat nonsensical puzzles that really requires some unconventional thinking. Embrace madness while playing this game... Nothing is conventional.If you didn't enjoy the ending of the third game, this game will make you understand why it ended the way it did, all while providing a more satisfying conclusion to the series...Can't wait to see what the team brings next."
,Recommended,421050,24554528,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Dr.NotThatEvil,The deponia series is a great trilogy and this is a addition many fans ( like me )wanted.It's got all the great things about it that the previous installments had but with a twist of time travel.it makes the story a bit complicated but none the less fun.If you like point and click adventure games or liked the previous deponia games than i would just say buy it!that sad.. i do have some comments witch will have spoilers:I personally liked the ending of the trilogy to the contrary of many pepole witch makesthe ending of this game feel a bit.. well.. unnessesary?I liked the previous ending and this ending does feel like a some what like a 'explanation' for the previous ending.the ending was good but i already know why he jumped. i already know why they choose to write it that way and after some thought agreed with it and liked it.Still i enjoyed exploring the universe that they created once more.
76561197969259653,Recommended,421050,24504289,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,R4!N,"That was amazing!Time paradox and rich story done very well. A great follow up after ending with Goodbye Deponia.Tho I still feel Doomsday did not really give me the conclusion I really wanted. It started out great, with many great puzzles and humour. But when got into the final chapters, what happens? The puzzles get less advance, less items to pick up and it feels very rushed to just wrap up the story.That said, it is definitely worth buying if you like point and click adventures. Especially if you already played the previous games and enjoyed them."
,Recommended,421050,25387543,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Dr. Blutengott,One of the first games I sat down and played straight through for a while. Deponia games are always a real treat for puzzle game enthusiasts.
,Recommended,421050,26050208,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Eukaryot,"Still a good point and click adventure, though some puzzles are unfair. I like the story and easter eggs and it gives a new twist to the ending of part 3 but got a few bugs close to the ending, that annoyed me quite a bit.Needs to get a few patches in my opinion."
,Not Recommended,421050,25983280,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,JSuvanto,"This game is poorly written, the puzzles are poorly explained and illogical, and due to a bug it's possible to get stuck with no way to progress.This is a disgrace to the prequels. I will not play this through."
,Recommended,421050,25942855,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,selharxets,"""The end was never our creation. It was there all this time. All we did is tempt it and somehow outmaneuvered once again""I know there are many other who cannot accept this kind of story, but IMO this was brilliant!and way more challenging than previous deponia series"
,Recommended,421050,26625445,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Magikaru,"Not many franchises can create a 4th part to what was expected to be a 3-part series so well, but the team behind Deponia has truly pulled it off. Deponia is back, and it's weirder than ever.Also, this game has the best instance of a montage shot I've ever seen."
,Recommended,421050,28213033,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,VeryBadPing,"Well, they made me lie. The previous episode of deponia, was not the last! Would you believe it.This one is up to the standards set by the previous games: funny, nice puzzles, stylish gfx, and Rufus is still Rufus.If you like point-and-click games, this is clearly a must have in your collection as a modern representative of the genre."
76561198046012285,Recommended,421050,22340876,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Havana,A particularly impactful finale to the series that truly makes you think.
76561198032753865,Recommended,421050,22580336,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Duisternis,"This was a great experience in this last and possibly final story of Deponia. But I'll admit it kind of left me feeling worse than the end of Goodbye Deponia. The game kind of contradicts itself a lot and I can't help but feel there's a tiny bit of spite towards the fanbase.It would be pretty boring if every game ended the same with the same themes, but honestly I play video games to escape reality and relax not be reminded of its harsh truths."
,Recommended,421050,22471933,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,jkangas77,"I fell in love with this series after getting the first three games in a Humble Bundle. I then bought the complete collection on sale for my friends. Buying the first three games twice cost probably $12. I then proceeeded to spend double that on the fourth game alone. Andit was worth it. This game is basically just a huge 'screw you' to all the people who didn't like the third game's ending, but it was pulled off with all the finesse, humor, and attention to detail we came to expect fromt the original trilogy. This is not a ploy to make more money. This is art. It may even be the best from the series.To sum it up:11/10Buy now if you enjoyed any of the other games.I mean it."
76561197960786410,Recommended,421050,22753693,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Bad Mother Fucker,"Because of other reviews I was worried about this game and after finishing the it I understand why some people are upset.It is true that I was hoping for a different ending , but it does not change the fact that the story of this game isvery good.If you liked the other Deponia games you should definitely play this"
,Recommended,421050,22869052,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Tale,"It's more Deponia, what else is there to say. I don't remember the series ever being laugh out loud funny, but the antics of Rufus and Goal still make me smile. For humor and heart both."
76561198043121932,Recommended,421050,21713802,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Jon Snow,i love it i love it i love it i love it i love it i love it i love it i love it i love it i love it i love it i love it i love it i love it i love it i love it i love it i love it i love it i love it i love it i love it i love it i love it i love it i love it i love it i love it i love it i love it i love it i love it i love it
,Recommended,421050,21964126,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,biker71,Loved it! Want more!
,Recommended,421050,21802570,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,alison,"[Deutsch unter]What a nice surprise to get another Deponia after it seemed like the story had ended! This one has a pretty rough start. The first few hours really stretch out with obscure puzzles and frustrating time loops that just result in you completing the same rooms over and over. There are some hilarious scenes, in particular the wonderfully silly (German) grammar argument with an elephant, but it's only about halfway through where the puzzles become intuitive and enjoyable to solve, and the plot starts to go to the screwball place time travel comedies should go. Rufus remains a total asshat, but he grows up in the final scene and the door is left open for a spin-off with a potentially much less awful protagonist. If you liked the first ones, you'll like this one, just persevere through the first half.Wie schön es war wieder nen neues Deponia zu bekommen! Pass auf, das Anfangs dieser Geschichte ist extrem langweilig und es dauert ne Weile bis es echt Spaß macht. Es gibt ein Paar großartige Wortspiele, aber die Opening-Rätseln sind unklar und wiederholend. Glücklicherweise die zweite Hälfte des Spiels ist viel besser. Nur dann fängt es richtig an mit der bizarren Umstände und lustige Komödie die ich aus sone Zeitreise Geschichte wirklich erwartete. Auch die Rätseln werden logischer, und die Charaktere interessanter. Leider bleibt Rufus wie immer ein♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ aber endlich in die letzte Scene wachst er etwas. Und vielleicht kriegen we ein Spin-off? Here's hoping. Definitiv empfehlenswert für Deponia-Fans, nur vielleicht ein bisschen durchhalten bis es gut wird."
76561198047906716,Recommended,421050,21822533,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Cave Johnson,"If you enjoyed the other games, you'll enojoy this one too!Deponia doomsday is just as, funny, witty and darn right offensive as the rest of them."
76561198006204896,Recommended,421050,21813065,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Faith,"Oh great I get to play Deponia again and maybe get a happy ending :) ... lol noIf you have not played any of the previous Deponia games you're at the wrong turn brother.In any case, no spoilers... not major at least.Deponia Doomsday takes you back to the same humour, goofy surroundings and cartoony goodness that I personally find endearing and perfect. Some strange and puzzling (sometimes stupid) puzzles that will make you either go ""lol k"", ""oh really?"" or ""eat my♥♥♥♥♥quot;.Daedelic managed to make a funny and interesting story that kept me occupied for a solid 12 hours. And with my knowledge of puzzle games I went through and (found a walkthrough) completed the game with a smile on my face.But lets be honest here, the ending is the thing we all want to talk about...Daedelic just wanted to tell us all to shut up and be happy with the already established ending from the previous game, Goodbye Deponia. Goodbye for real this time, huh?tl;dr: If you played the previous games and want more of it, play this. If you want the thing we cannot talk about here, skip it. It ain't worth 30 eurodollars if you want the thing we all are here to discuss *wink wink*.8/10 - I'm not saying I wanted a better ending; I'm just a ♥♥♥♥♥ who hates unhappy endings, even if they are the most evident ones. But I will eat that middle finger, Daedelic, I will eat it and it'll be sour and disgusting but I'll get over it... Eventually."
,Recommended,421050,21951157,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,[ヨック] NEXT STAGE,Revive the Deponia series with this one weird trick. RockPaperShotgun hates it!
76561198314066753,Recommended,421050,29185552,Posted: 11 January,all,hedfuc,Well this game is a bit like the Endless 8 episode of Suzumiya Haruhi series...The game still has its humour but It felt a little too repetitive compared to other deponia series :SBut not so bad to a point that I wouldn't recommend it
,Recommended,421050,29150398,Posted: 9 January,all,SkaterPoem,If you liked the trilogy and want more Rufus in action you should consider buying it on a SALE.I really wished for a better ending but that was OK I guess because of the Deponia's nature.Puzzles weren't so hard but the quick time event things could be frustrating sometimes.Also thanks for the bonus content artbook and FLAC soundtracks.
,Recommended,421050,28233196,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Nismu,More deponia stuff and for i liked it confirmed bit of the ending of original trilogy and it was fun to have at least one more adventure of Rufus.Time jumping can get bit messy to keep track at but overall well worth playing.
,Recommended,421050,28605770,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,malorn44,Really great game that is definitely worth the time of everyone who enjoyed their last three Deponia games.It explains perfectly well about why the madethe ending like they did...10/10 Welcome back to Deponia for the 4th installment in the series. It was a blast!
76561198091310823,Recommended,421050,28789936,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Cosmicpanda2,Man...I loved this game and all it had to offer (aside from the rapid clicking QTE's)but man... the ending... it was satisfying in that it gave the answers we needed...I can't say too much else lest i spoil the game but all i can say is that the makers of this game make it quite clear what the ending was going to be from the very start
76561198082489809,Recommended,421050,28765850,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,amarao,"I love Deponia. Anyone who played three previous chapters and like it, whould play this one without hestation and without reading reviews. Anyone, who don't know about Deponia should play initial three chapters first.Review in comparison with other point-n-clicks adventures: medium level. It has few rather annoyingly stupid and unxepected tasks, but I still has nice graphics, excellent voices, rich story with well-articulated characters. Defenitively worth playing (starting from chapter 1, obviously).Review in comparison with other Deponia chapters. 1st: there is a real-time element now. Sometime it is a timer for activity with scene reset after timeout, Simetime it is arcade game (skipable), Sometime it is rather stupid 'click fast until gauge raises high enough'. Personnaly I dislike this approach. Game has many bugs, some of them just glitches (like double items in inventory), some are annoying and disruptive (like 'no action icon on the star').Story itself become even more brain-twisting, gameplay become more linear (less gigantic maps with heavily-interlocked puzzles)."
,Recommended,421050,30024873,Posted: 18 February,all,Coldinferno,This game has everything you'd want out of a point 'n click adventure. This would not compare unfavorably against the likes of the monkey Island series.
,Recommended,421050,25937012,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Ð乇ｷ乇ζЦ乇Ð,Rufus 2020: Make Deponia great again!
76561198170154147,Recommended,421050,24513516,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,SageOfEden,"Ive gushed enough about deponia and to have even more of it alows me to gush even more, this game is good buy it. If you dont like point and click buy it the humor is enough to hold you over, and its just good so good buy it now. Or i might just have to stick a power inverter into your brain, to change you're mind."
,Recommended,421050,32741554,Posted: 24 June,all,SAWR,"When I first saw trailler, I thought it's gonna suck. Goodbye Deponia ending is the best and if it have a sequal, it'll destroy the series.But I'm wrong, TOTALLY WRONG!!!! This is the BEST GAME! I never saw a sequal of finally ending series this good before."
76561198043641816,Recommended,421050,32961595,Posted: 28 June,all,Darth Fader,"It was such a great journey, it gets unbearable in the end to withstand as the ending might not be what you expected. Deponia truly is one of the very best point-and click adventures of all time, and this particular episode is the first one who has really mastered the choice and consequence that's to do with time-traveling. I wish I never had to quit playing, and of course I wish there would be another game, but the ending is really how it should remain, althought it hurts to stop. If you have played the other  3, you cannot skip this one"
76561198083052176,Recommended,421050,33338927,Posted: 7 July,all,Lesbean,my head hurts
,Recommended,421050,33261134,Posted: 4 July,all,PeaceOwl ッ,"Pretty satisfying, albeit bittersweet ending！ The puzzles were rather mind-stretching!"
,Recommended,421050,33588164,Posted: 16 July,all,carewolf,"It is a good game. Neat puzzles and a few laughs. It has about the same length as the other entries, though for me it was slightly longer at almost 10 hour.  It is fun to see things from so many angles. The ending is rather M'eh though due to all the shenanigans you have done through the game, it just feels uninspired to end where it does, though it does save the game from spoiling the last ending.Still due to the short game-length, like the other Deponia games, buy it on sale."
76561198047007925,Recommended,421050,33888267,Posted: 29 July,all,Massiah Jones,This game absolutely didn't need to happen but makes the original trilogy so much more complete. A lot more full of heart and much smoother animation than the games that came before. Well worth playing all 4!
76561198189079207,Recommended,421050,33858502,Posted: 28 July,all,Rumpelstucken,"Cons:-There is once again a fecal joke. Couldn't we do without it? Seriously, dudes!-Those who did not play previous parts may not enjoy the game to full extent. You've been warned.-We don't get to hear ""Organon, oh Organon"" again. Shame.Pros:-This part is even more fun and adventurous than the previous. How could you possibly make a good continuation when the series itself came to a full stop with a grand finale supported by an unforgettable anthem? Well, this is how."
76561198007513026,Recommended,421050,34052166,Posted: 5 August,all,malcolmmackay224,"I've played all the previous Deponia games. I liked the first two, the third was a letdown. Deponia Doomsday is somewhere in between - not terrible but definitely not great.The time traveling element is way overdone, it got really tiresome. The story was a bit hard to follow, but I expect that with a Deponia game. The puzzles were also a real mixed bag - Daedalic should hire some people who can create challenging yet fair puzzles.Recommended, but only barely. There are many other much better adventure games. If you haven't started the Deponia series yet I would recommend giving it a miss."
,Recommended,421050,21581795,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,PsychoBro,If your like Deponia series your gonna LOVE IS.A must have 4 all Deponia fans :D
76561198011726487,Recommended,421050,35010311,Posted: 16 September,all,theycallmetomu,"So, remember how people hated the ending of Neon Genesis Evangelion, so the creator went ahead and made End of Evangelion?This is kind of like that.The game is reasonably fun (though some of the puzzles are a bit much I would say). But the writing of the game has such contempt for the people playing it; as if to say ""you should not play this game.""Well, I'm going to have to act in defiance of the writing by recommending it."
76561198045080783,Recommended,421050,35200279,Posted: 25 September,all,L0stLP,"The Deponia trilogie was the best muli-part point-and-click I played.Individually the games ware good, but together they formed a compleat journey that the hero had to take, leading to a satisfying ending.And the game designers though the same, although a lot of people complained, because the hero did not get a happily ever after.And so whe they compromised and we got this game, that is a sequel/prequel/alternative timeline.It involves time-travel, it brings back all the old humour of the trilogie and more.But the best part is the ending, which is basically an apology of why they can't change the original ending without erasing it's meaning."
76561198061439690,Recommended,421050,35156411,Posted: 23 September,all,Solo,"I don't know what it is about the Deponia Series but I''ve always loved their games ever since I picked them up a few years ago. I loved the trilogy and was pretty dissapointed when I thought that there wouldn't be anymore games. Cut to 2017 and I was pretty surprised when I was browsing through steam found out that there was a new Deponia game that I had heard absolutely nothing about. Now after playing the game I have to say that it was nice that it gave me a chance to see Rufus and Goal for what I assume is the last time and it's definetly a decent game but I was still kind of disapointed after playing it.While you do get to see a lot of Rufus and goal and plenty of the Kuvaq citizens in the beginning of the game it's kind of sad that you don't get to see more of Rufus's ""friends"" throughout the the game.The puzzles for this one are also more trial and error as opposed to being actual puzzles this time around and it sort of takes a bit of the fun of figuring them out.All in all if you want a game that gives you more of Rufus and Goal getting in all sorts of trouble then I would definetly recommend this game however don't expect to see too many familiar faces and if you don't like trial and error then I would recommend skipping them as I did it on one and it still gave me the achievment for beating it."
,Recommended,421050,35180687,Posted: 24 September,all,Shuubon,"Still a lovable game, even though it's not as good as the other Deponia series.The additional puzzles and mini games were pretty nice, and I haven't got a single bug at all. I've never thought the other series' ending were bad, but I think this one is. Not to mention the story wasn't as enjoyable as the other ones too."
76561198269518738,Recommended,421050,35407237,Posted: 1 October,all,kung bendy,"HOLY ♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME IS AMAZING.its the great conclusion to the series as whole, with great art, humor, and a unexpected twist youll be at the edge of your seat the whole way trough.''''''''spoilers are problaby head'''''''''''''this game doesnt put it lightly it ends on a bittersweet note, youve been in a timeloop for a good amount of the game and its easy to get lost (not just storywise)."
